








Time Circle

By

Angela B. Mortimer









































Time Circle

PUBLISHED BY:
Angela B. Mortimer at Smashwords

Copyright © 2020 by Angela b. Mortimer

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return it to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to any persons, living or dead, or places, events, or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are products of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.

Adult Reading Material

*****







Time Circle






Prologue


‘I miss the sun Allie, do you think he’ll notice if we open the shutter?’
‘He’d know Bandera,’ Allie stopped and didn’t finish, her voice shook too much.
‘He’s in another council meeting. I’ll close it before it finishes, it’s not hurting his eyes if he isn’t here,’ she was hysterical.
‘Bandera!’ Allie was sharp, ‘Calm yourself.’
She hadn’t told her charge the rumour circulating about the Prince, who courted the Queen, because she did not want to frighten the girl. Her mother’s death was hard enough, but then the strange laws the foreign Prince imposed. However, it was Queen Salma who insisted the shutters stay closed, not him, even if bright light hurt his eyes.
‘Once the mourning period is over, we can go outside again.’
If it wasn’t for leaving Bandera alone, she’d have left the castle long ago. Most others had fled. Nothing had been right since Salma accepted Clausuel could court her. Might she have married him if she’d lived. Why then had she insisted that the shutters must stay closed?
Clausuel never came here, nor the kitchen, and as far as she knew none of the servant’s rooms either, it made little sense. Why waste these candles and torches during the day.
‘Allie, I can’t sew in this light,’ said Bandera putting away her embroidery, her eyes full of tears, ‘I wish mother was here.’
‘Sweetheart, crying will help,’ but her charge stopped and wiped her teardrops away with her hand. ‘I’ll go to the kitchen and order us something nice to eat, maybe a sweet pastry?’
‘No, don’t leave me.’
‘I can’t spend every moment with you. I’ll lock the door if it worries you.’ Bandera nodded, sweet pastry was a favourite way to stop her hunger.

As she moved to leave, Allie heard a knock and stopped. We are scared, she thought and we don’t know why. Queen Salma’s body crumbled into dust as if made of icing sugar and the same white colour too. She shivered at the memory. Vibrant and beautiful one day and dust the next. She listened to the stories that Clausuel had bewitched her, and she had the unpleasant sensation he could read her thoughts. She shivered again, not with the chill of the castle but with terror, and the building was in constant darkness. What was wrong with Clausuel's eyes, they hated bright light, and the strange dark glasses held on his nose by pieces of silver wire. Why did Salma consider marrying him, when she had the choice of the eligible bachelors in any country. She was the Queen of Pelagora and still young. Her daughter Bandera had been born out of wedlock, but no one dares criticise. Now she might lose her job and become homeless.
Another knock, louder this time and Allie jumped, her mind whirling. It was Clausuel calling, his voice sweet as the honey he spread over Bandera’s ears. She had to open it. He was a Prince. She did so and stepping back, curtseyed.
‘Is the child well?’ he asked.
‘Yes, Your Highness. I’ll get food to tempt her appetite. It will help when she can go outside again,’ she blurted.
‘That isn’t wise as we don’t understand what killed her mother.’
‘The old wizard said too much sun dried out her body,’ it sounded even more stupid as she repeated it.
Clausuel appeared puzzled, and Allie wondered if the rumours of him killing Salma might not be true.
‘He said it reacted with the lotion she always used.’ She saw he had no faith in the wizard’s explanation.
‘How long have you looked after the Princess?’
‘Six years, her last nurse left to marry when Bandera was six,’ Allie wondered why she had never come back to visit.
‘I wish to speak to you, please follow me to my study. Lock this door and I’ll tell the guard to stand by.’
She had to obey, but her legs trembled. She followed him along the long and twisting passage to his office. It was nothing as she had imagined. He had the shutters open, and the sun shone, lifting her spirits.
‘I don’t want Bandera to spend another night in this accursed kingdom.’
Allie was shocked, for a moment she couldn’t speak. ‘Your Highness, this castle is her inheritance.’
‘It is a place dying of old age, and goodness knows what else. Most of it empty, and half is underground where no persons with any wits are likely to venture. Don’t argue. I want you both packed and ready to leave in a few hours. Organise food and then pack what you need for the journey, the rest can follow later. My company has arrived and will escort you. It is still early enough to make a good start before nightfall and I’ll catch up soon.’
‘Your Highness, where are you taking us?’
‘We are going to safety, to my home. On the way to the kitchen, open every shutter and let in the light.’
‘But the Queen asked us to close them.’
‘Yes, a puzzle, isn’t it?’
‘She said it was because of your eyes.’
‘These glasses help me cope with the brightness. We need the sun to cleanse this awful place. Stop trembling,’ he said in a kinder voice, ‘no harm will come to either of you. Hurry girl, be ready to leave soon.’
Allie turned to go, curtsied, and as she looked up the Prince smiled, and she knew she was wrong about him.

The kitchen was empty. ‘Where is everyone?’ Allie asked the second cook who stowed her belongings in a basket.
‘Gone, and I too will be glad to get out of this hell. We have to pack, and those who choose can go with the Prince’s men. The villagers are leaving too. I’m going to my father’s farm, it’s far away from here. There’s food on the table,’ she pointed and then continued packing. ‘The Prince is right, there’s something unholy in this place. And Salma was more and more peculiar. Then the queer way she dies. Funny, don’t you think, how many people go missing. He offered us employment, but my dad’s getting on and needs me. A good man Clausuel, he didn’t have to, but he gave me coins, a fair number too. Hurry child, I want to put as much distance away from here as I can before nightfall.’

It wasn’t easy as she carried the tray, but Allie did as the Prince instructed and opened the still closed shutters on the way back to the room. Each one made her mood lighter. The sun made the dust swirl, and then afraid again, she hurried back to Bandera.
‘Allie,’ Bandera asked, ‘why are you pulling out my clothes?’
‘We are leaving sweetheart, the Prince is taking you on holiday to cheer you, he is a kind man,’ she added.
‘Allie, you are blushing,’ stated Bandera, with her usual lack of tact.
‘I’m just hot, and if you have finished eating, go through your clothes and pack those that fit you.’
‘There are few.’
‘Yes, I know, your mother said she’d organise more for you and never did. How are your riding habits?’
‘I can get into this one, but it’s short, and the other is too big.’
‘Wear whichever is the most comfortable and we’ll pack the other on top. Are these the only smalls you have, the laundry isn’t working, so we have to make do with what we have. I mustn’t forget your jewels.’

She busied sorting, not wanting to answer questions. It was hard to avoid Bandera’s arguments and she couldn’t tell her they may never come back. She packed the saddlebags and left out what might follow on carts, but she doubted that too, who’d re-enter this place once it was empty.
‘Are you ready, we’ll go soon and you won’t be able to stop for a while.’
‘Yes.’
There was a knock.
‘Who is it?’ asked Allie.
‘Sergeant Blaun, reporting as ordered. I’m here to take you and the Princess to the stables.’
‘Wait one moment please.’ She looked at Bandera and then struggled with the heavy door. Outside was a face she didn’t recognise, the older soldier gave a friendly smile, behind him, a much younger man smiled too.
‘Get the bags will you Jess.’
‘Yes, Sergeant,’ he took the luggage off Allie.

Sergeant Blaun guided them to the stable yards. That was until they noticed the noise, it sounded as if the wind howled at first and then ended in a screech. Bandera broke into a run and everyone did the same. They didn’t stop until they reached the stables.
‘What was that?’ said Blaun, with a grim look.
‘My mother said it was the wind howling,’ said Bandera, ‘but that was much louder than before, it happens most nights but not in the daytime.’
Allie and Blaun looked at each other. They knew that sound was never the wind. It was a fine day, not even a breeze disturbed the air. Bandera mounted her gentle mare and Allie another patient horse. As they rode out, they heard the awful noise again.

The old town was deserted and more dilapidated than usual. Those who had no relatives to return to were to start again in Talanos. Allie was glad her family moved away soon after her appointment, not long after the death of her father. Her mother and younger brother moved to her sister’s husband’s farm. They might pass that way. Mama could write but she never had, and yet she received letters from her sister, with a small gift, but no word from her mother or brother Carlem. Allie remembered the notes, for the Queen handed them to her herself and that wasn’t normal practice.
It was obvious they were in a hurry for the troop of soldiers set off at a brisk pace, at this rate the horses needed to rest before night. Soon the castle didn’t dominate the landscape, and then it disappeared. They then walked a while until it was dark when they made camp. Allie noticed the soldiers surrounding them. The men erected a canvas shelter, and she protested when she heard that Sergeant Blaun and Jess, his son, must stay in the tent with them.
Allie could not hide her shock. ‘Sergeant, it’s not proper.’
‘They are instructions from my Prince.’
‘Why?’
‘For your safety, my son and I’ll take turns sleeping, and there’ll be guards around the tent too.’
‘I can accept the men outside but not anyone inside with us.’
‘I understand miss, but you’ll be safer.’
Allie believed him.

The girls were asleep after a quick supper.
Bandera had a terrible dream. Her mother came to her and said she loved her, as she did when alive. She tucked in her bedclothes and kissed her. But as Salma bent to do so, her features disintegrated, and instead strange lips met hers. She perceived sharp teeth too, and then black eyes within a bony face. Those black holes burned with an emotion Bandera had no way of understanding. Whatever the thing was, it had no actual skin, just a moist covering over bone. It raised a skeletal hand that ended in black, thickened fingernails. It convinced the girl it meant to eat her, for she had turned into a cake covered in white icing. A frantic Bandera screamed for her companion, who woke and pulled her close.

Awake she found no comfort, for there was a noise similar to the screeching wind in the long unlit corridors of the old castle. Allie saw a large, pale shape, which appeared to fill the tent, and then screamed until it disappeared.
They heard the Sergeant yelling. ‘Hurry, bring lights.’

On the floor was the body of the young soldier, Jess, covered in blood. The creature had torn away half his head. Bandera screamed. Allie slapped her, then pulled her close and rocked her as if she were a baby.
Blaun turned a terrified face, his eyes full of tears, ‘Did you see it,’ he croaked, ‘did you see what killed my son?’
Allie couldn’t open her mouth to reply.
They spent the rest of the night outside by the fire, no one slept, and they prayed for dawn. They buried Jess deep, and the site was covered in stones. As soon as it was light enough to find the path, they set off again, not stopping for food.

Bandera was still in shock, she’d refused the sight of her mother’s remains, but the stories of her strange body got to her through various agencies, but not Allie. She, as a peasant girl, was used to death. She remembered the bloodied corpses found near the farm where she lived with her family, and there were other tales too. What worried her was the creature in the tent was familiar, but she couldn’t remember why.

Later that day, Prince Clausuel caught up with them. He’d left the castle the following morning. The remaining servants rode on the carts containing what they could salvage, the fitter ones on foot; everyone appeared terrified. Allie wondered if they had been the only ones to have a terrifying visitor.  She could see the still distressed soldier telling Clausuel what had happened. He broke down as he recounted his son’s death. Clausuel put a sympathetic hand on the man’s shoulder and glanced over at them, but to Allie’s disappointment, he didn’t come closer. He was eager to keep moving. They paused in the late afternoon for a meal but didn’t make camp. Instead, they walked their tired horses through the night. The moons gave enough light to see by, but clouds appeared and it became difficult to stay on the path. These brumes came in thicker, it was too dark to see, and it forced them to stop. Soldiers surrounded the girls, as fires were lit. Allie wasn’t the only one praying that the wood might last until dawn, because nobody wanted to go looking for more fuel in the dark. They didn’t move as the sun rose, they left those who could sleep to do so.

Clausuel came to see them. Bandera was still in shock and answered his questions in a low, toneless voice and then he turned to ask Allie the same. She found his strange, pale eyes disconcerting enough, but in the glasses, it was frightening, as she could not read his truth.
‘Bandera is frightened,’ he whispered, ‘what was it, Allie?’
He remembered her name!
‘She’s too shocked. She had a disturbing dream about her mother and woke me for comfort. If she hadn’t screamed, we might be dead too.’
‘Did you see what it was?’
‘It, Your Highness.’ Allie decided that the Prince had a better idea than most what had been in the tent last night. ‘No, it was very pale against the darkness, but I couldn’t see it. It killed the young man.’
‘Yes, it did, and until we reach my home, I don’t want you to discuss what happened to the people from Pelagora, my well-trained men are nervous too. Once we are at Talanos, I’d like you and Bandera to talk to my family concerning what you may have seen, including those dreams that frightened you. Not just since the Queen died, but as far back as you can.’
‘Yes, Your Highness. Was it a demon?’ She’d overheard the soldiers whispering.
‘Allie, you are a brave girl.’ He had not answered her question but touched her shoulder. It was the brief touch of an adult comforting a child, but Allie knew she’d do anything he asked of her, and then she was ashamed.

Their pace slowed as the days progressed, the horses as tired as their riders. The wagons, once fallen behind, caught up again. It rained, making the way difficult as the bridle-path turned to mud.
Bandera rode in a wagon, and Allie walked beside her, holding fast to their horse’s reins. Covered in rain and dirt, her wool cloak was heavy with water. The slow progress depressed her; she must be brave for her Princess, but as the rain fell, it mingled with her tears.
‘Nurse Allie,’ she heard the voice she had learned to love.
‘Your Highness.’
‘Why are you walking? Get up with the Princess. Hey you there,’ he said to a man sat beside the driver. ‘How dare you ride while a lady walks.’
The person swore under his breath and jumped, splashing Allie with mud as he did so. He didn’t stop to help her up, so the Prince dismounted and lifted her into the cart. She blushed and stammered a thank you.  He wasn’t wearing his dark glasses. She looked into those pale blue eyes, which smiled at her, his blond hair tied behind, but she saw the stray strands plastered against his wet skin. Then he was on his horse, holding their mounts reins and moving along the line to check on everyone.
‘Watch it,’ said the driver, ‘a man of his status who calls a serving girl a lady is after one thing.’
For a moment she was important, and now less than nothing.  The old sewing woman warned her as to gentlemen and serving girls. Where was the old woman - she hadn’t seen her for weeks? One moment she was there, and the next gone, gone where. She and Bandera rarely left their room, even when the Queen was alive. She’d enjoyed trips to the kitchen to fetch food, and to the old lady who knew so much history and gossip, it scared her she too had disappeared.

The rains only stopped as they entered the large grounds of Clausuel’s home, at last safe from the monster. Allie hadn’t asked where the old woman was in case of ill news and not spoken again to the Prince, but he checked to see how Bandera fared. As he came close, Allie sensed the redness burning her face again, she couldn’t stop or hide it; he must think her a fool.
‘Allie, are you well?’ he looked concerned.
She felt faint, and his voice sounded far away.

Allie woke up in an ornate room. Elegant tapestries lined the white painted walls, and she struggled to see the scenes as her eyes focused. Then she saw the finely carved furniture, shiny with polish, and more confusing she lay in a huge canopied bed, finer than Queen Salmas. She looked for Bandera thinking she must share her room, but she wasn’t there. A fire burned, and candles, as many as once lit the great hall at Pelagora.
‘Hello my dear, are you recovered?’ Allie turned to the voice beside her bed. The first thing she noticed was her eyes, like Clausuels, but this lady was older than the sewing woman.
‘Bandera!’
‘Tucked up in bed. You’ve been ill, a fever, but you are a healthy girl and not in danger.’
‘How long?’
‘Three days, how are you?’
‘My head hurts.’
‘I expect it does, can you manage this,’ she asked, taking a fine silver cup from the table by the bed. She helped her sit up enough to drink. Allie’s head felt too heavy to lift. As she sipped at the water, she realised that although she was thirsty, she couldn’t swallow.
‘Steady, not much at first, or you’ll be sick. It’s just rainwater and a few herbs to cleanse your body. I’ll send someone to help you and then you can have a natural sleep.’

She woke late the next morning. Heavy velvet curtains were pulled back from large glazed windows so the sun lit up the room. There was no one in the chair near the bed, but by the window sat a slight figure.
‘Bandera?’
‘Allie!’ the girl came at a run. ‘Oh Allie, I was so worried. The Prince put you on his horse and brought you here. They wouldn’t let me in until they were sure I couldn’t catch anything serious. The Prince is a kind man, not as my mother suggested. Why didn’t she marry him? The councillors recommended she did.’ Allie nodded. ‘I’d have liked a brother or sister, he’d have been my father, and maybe we could have lived here. It is pleasant, so unlike home.’ She shivered, remembering. ‘It’s so bright, and windows everywhere, they open too. At home, I always felt as if I was watched. Every time I passed that corridor that led into the old storerooms, I’m sure I heard someone whispering. Mother said it was the wind.’
Only now did she voice her fears, for here she felt safe.
‘It was those stories everyone told of the creature living in the caves beneath the cellars. You always had a vivid imagination and your mother didn’t help as she repeated them.’
The door opened, and the old woman who had first spoken to Allie entered. In the bright sunlight, she wore the same dark glasses as Clausuel. Bandera jumped off the bed and curtsied.
‘Bandera did I not tell you to let Allie rest. It will be a few days before she is well.’

The nurse who’d made Allie comfortable the night before, and another much younger woman, a lady from her fine clothes, also entered. ‘This is the Princess Palasta, my daughter-in-law,’ said the Queen, ‘and I’m sorry if I did not introduce myself, I am Queen Prantana, mother to Prince Clausuel.’

It confused Allie, was Palasta married to Clausuel? If so, why did he court Salma? She was bewildered and looked at Palasta, a charming girl, not much older than she was. Her bright brown hair shone in the sun, she had a smile that could banish the darkness, and her dark blue eyes shared it.
Prantana gave Allie a strange look as if she could read her thoughts and said to Bandera.
‘Why don’t you go back to my ladies, fresh cakes await you.’
‘Allie?’ Bandera was torn between her nurse and the promise of cakes.
Allie nodded, Bandera gave another curtsey and ran out of the door.
‘How are you, my dear?’ the Queen asked, ‘you appear better. Please excuse the dark glasses, I find bright light hurts my eyes, even though I love the sun. These help bear it even if they look comical. We’ll get you out of bed, I’m sure you’d appreciate having a bath, you’ve been a long time on the road.’
‘I thought only small babies had baths.’ said Allie.
‘Here in Talanos we have them for adults too,’ replied Prantana, ‘we find it easier to remove the excess soap.’ She stepped aside as the nurse came and helped Allie into a dressing gown as fine as the laced-edged nightdress she wore.
‘Your Majesty, please, I am only a servant,’ said Allie. She saw Palasta glance at her mother-in-law.
‘And you have been very ill,’ said Prantana. ‘Let my nurse and I help you to the bathroom.’
The woman pulled back the bedclothes. ‘You will feel weak my dear,’ she said in a kind voice, ‘but we won’t allow you to fall.’

Allie had never seen her reflection, only distorted on pots and pans. Queen Salma had a hand mirror made of beaten metal in her room, but Allie never handled it. She stared at the stranger’s reflection in a large mirror and had to move to make sure that what she saw was her reflection. The woman in the crisp white head-dress was the nurse, and the older woman holding her other arm was Prantana. She also saw a girl with long blond hair and huge shadowed eyes, the same colour as the purple flowers, which grew like weeds in the cracks of the castle stones.
Prantana sensed her fear, ‘Yes Allie, that is you.’
‘But I look like Bandera.’
‘Yes, you do, we believe you are her sister. As you know, there were rumours that Queen Salma had a long-term lover, a married man, beneath her in station. Still, she loved him and wanted no one else, even if her council forbade the marriage. You are her first child, brought up by a woman who used to be her servant. She refused to send Bandera for adoption, and as soon as she could, got you back too.’
Allie believed her as if she had always known; why else might a queen be kind to a peasant girl. ‘My father?’ she whispered.
‘We can’t find his identity,’ Prantana looked puzzled, even worried. ‘Allie, are you alright, this must be a shock.’
‘No, I’m ill.’
‘We’ll help you, and when you are stronger, my husband will talk with you.’

At Pelagora, shallow trays caught the water poured over the body to wash off the soap. She learned to swim as a small child, with whom she had imagined were her siblings and had enjoyed that until deemed too old for it. But this was warm, unlike the icy river.
Now she wore, not the clothes of a children’s helper, but a fine gown. She felt stronger on the way back to her room and able to eat broth with bread dipped into it. After dosing on the day bed, she woke to find the nurse sewing by the light of the window.
‘My Lady, you have been asleep a while, are you recovered?’
‘I am Allie, not a lady.’
The nurse smiled. ‘Are you hungry?’ Allie nodded. ‘Then I’ll get food and tell their Majesties you are awake.’

She came back carrying a tray and looking serious. ‘We must hurry, the King is coming to see you, that is a great honour. He rarely leaves his rooms. You can eat afterwards.’

Allie was nervous and made a poor curtsy as a man came into the room. King Mant was much older than his wife, and Allie thought she could never imagine getting that old, although he moved with agility and his eyes were intelligent.
‘Please, get the girl sweet wine,’ his voice was firm, ‘She is far too pale. Sit child before you fall.’ The nurse curtsied and did as instructed. ‘Ever had wine, Allie?’ he asked.
‘No Sir, only beer.’
‘Wine is for getting colour in those cheeks and to help with the questions that make you confused.’ Allie nodded, ‘They were issues you never dared pose, even if you heard gossip. Now is the time to ask, we can give answers to your unease.’
The old man nodded, his grey hair thick and long, pulled back from his face in a plait and his beard short. Allie felt as if he could read her thoughts. Embarrassed she looked away. He watched her until the nurse came with the wine. He refused a glass but insisted Allie drink hers.
‘We will wait for Sero and Clausuel.’

At the mention of Clausuel, Allie went red and drank the wine. The old man continued to stare. He could read her soul, it was frightening, and yet she felt safe too.
The Queen entered, followed by her two sons. Sero looked like his father, with black hair and different eyes than his brother. Clausuel asked after her health. The only thing Allie could think was that Sero was Palasta’s husband and not his, and she became more embarrassed. The nurse curtsied and left. Allie wanted to run away and hide.

Mant opened the discussion. ‘Clausuel, tell our guest the actual reason you went to Pelagora?’
‘My dear,’ his wife whispered, ‘first she might wish to know us.’
Mant nodded. ‘Allie, do you realise where you are?’
‘Talanos,’ the name meant little to her.
‘Allie, Talanos is more than another kingdom, there are many Pelagora, but only one Talanos. This is a place of study, here we fight evil, we find the malicious, and when we can, destroy it before it does more harm. Do you understand?’ She shook her head.
‘Father,’ it was Clausuel, ‘let me try. Allie has only known a tiny world, they have kept the people of Pelagora in ignorance, those that still live.’
A sudden overwhelming emotion hit Allie, bringing bile into her mouth. ‘My parents are both dead, aren’t they.’
‘She means the family who brought her up.’
‘My father didn’t die of a fever, did my sister marry the farmer?’
Clausuel shook his head. ‘No, if you haven’t heard from her, then she didn’t.’ He looked over at his mother for help, as Allie was near to tears - she wondered who sent those notes.

Prantana got up and stood behind the girl, placing her hands on her shoulders until she felt calmness she had never imagined existed.
‘Allie dear,’ Prantana spoke in a gentle tone, ‘there’ll be much said today that is upsetting.’
Sero spoke for the first time, ‘What we are trying to tell you is, we are what you call wizards. We fight evil, and not only with swords but with the power of our minds too. Many from around this world find their way here. Once educated, they take our knowledge back to their homes to watch for signs of hate, so never again will we live in darkness.’
Allie didn’t understand what he meant by this statement and let Prantana refill her glass. Clausuel smiled at her and her heartbeat fast, more that he looked at her than of fear of what they discussed.
‘I don’t like wizards,’ she stated. ‘The old man at Pelagora did awful things and frightened everyone,’ she shivered.
‘Then he was wicked, not of light, he was one we fight.’
Allie understood, ‘Yes, it’s better than hurting people.’
Clausuel took up the story. ‘Allie, I went to Pelagora because of rumours many of you had vanished. Pelagora wasn’t thriving as it should, and there was no accounting for it. No crop failures, droughts, or sickness. It was obvious it involved the Queen. I came pretending I wanted to marry her, as princes had before me, knowing she wasn’t interested. Her council was, but not Salma. I believed she was under the thrall of the creature we seek.’
‘The horrible thing in the tent.’ Allie’s eyes were wide.
‘Yes, it needs blood to keep it alive and to make it human again,’ admitted Clausuel.
‘Was that my father?’
Clausuel looked at his mother. ‘Possibly, it may look normal after enough blood. As to if it can breed, we can’t be sure. We are certain you and Bandera are sisters, and I found a reference to your birth and adoption. It doesn’t prove who you are, but you are the same age as the papers and you resemble your sister, and the Queen made payments to your adoptive family. She treated you with kindness, which says you are her daughter too. As for your father, we may never know.’ That gave her hope the monster wasn’t her kin. ‘I hunted the creature, but it escaped and killed your Queen, taking her life-force. It’s powerful but needs blood to feed it, and I had to save you and Bandera and bring you to safety first.’

There was a long silence before Mant continued.
‘Allie, the beast once was human, but many years ago, and he needs blood to stay alive. There is a story of him in our library. He was once a rich and powerful man, who cheated death. They say he wanted the knowledge a long life gave him. He ruled for a long time and had many beautiful wives until his increasing need for blood forced him to hide from his rebellious citizens. As he became eviler, he became increasingly ugly, until his wives screamed in horror at the strange thing haunting their rooms. If they guessed who he was, they died, killing those who cowered before his touch. He had no humanity left, and it wasn’t until the Talanos destroyed his army and he fled, that we saved Pelagora, but we failed by not destroying him. He returned to his home, and we realised he was back from the many reports of missing people. Queen Salma denied there was anything wrong, whether from fear or manipulation. It is said that only those who share his blood can sustain him for any length of time, and they report that he had many children.’
‘So he is my father,’ she went white. ‘You must tell me the truth, you are holding something back,’ she insisted.
‘Tell her Clausuel,’ advised his mother.
He shook his head. There was communication between them, and then Clausuel told her everything.
‘Salma wanted me to get you pregnant. She didn’t admit you were her child, but I guessed. I then accused her of supplying the monster with innocent lives. I said I was the wrong man if she expected me to take an inexperienced girl as if she meant nothing.’ He stood up and started pacing the room. ‘That was the night she died. I found her in the cellars, and you know the rest.’
There was a deep silence, then a bird sang on the window ledge, and the terror in their hearts lifted.
‘I believe you,’ said Allie, her mood confused and painful. She couldn’t say I’d have gone with you willingly.

They left her to sleep after taking herbs to help her calm. They met up in Mant’s study and continued the discussion.
‘You think only those of his blood can restore him.’ Prantana was still sceptical.
‘I believe he is their father. Poor Salma, the thing controlled her. She struggled, for she loved her daughters. I tried to help her overcome it, but she had been that way since a child, too late for her. He assumed she couldn’t give him more children and so was expendable. I expect in that condition he couldn’t father more children, but he blamed Salma.’
‘Imagine how many of his progeny he sucked dry.’ Sero shuddered.
‘He may follow them; it won’t be easy to keep them safe.’ Clausuel paced the floor.
‘The older girl is pleasing.’
‘She is a child, Sero,’ Clausuel replied.
‘At sixteen I had you,’ Prantana made a point. ‘She’s a woman and besotted with you, Clausuel. Sweet girl, imagine her mother asking you to impregnate her.’
‘She’d have found someone,’ said Clausuel, sitting down as if exhausted.
‘Are we missing that killing Salma didn’t restore him.’ suggested Mant.
‘That I can’t work out,’ admitted Clausuel. ‘But we have little in the library concerning these creatures. I wish we knew more, but the first problem is two innocent girls are in danger.’
‘Where is the Pelagoran dark wizard?’ asked Sero.
‘Haven’t seen him for several days, perhaps the creature sucked him dry too.’
‘I’ve found something that might be of interest,’ said Mant, pointing to a book lying open on his desk. It showed a large egg, surrounded by many strange artefacts.
‘What is it?’ asked Clausuel.
‘I don’t know, we have lost knowledge of technology,’ Mant said the last word as if he were unsure of its pronunciation. It wasn’t a common word and unused, for technology made a monster of one of their forefathers, and nearly destroyed the world. ‘But we believe it sustains the creature, and that’s what you must find and destroy.’
‘I cannot understand why it needs its children’s blood and why Salma was not enough to restore him.’
‘We think the technology gives him life,’ Prantana said. She hated that word.
‘Our ancestors defeated him once, but we didn’t know about the egg in those days, once that’s destroyed, he will be killed, and another terrible product of evil technology gone.’ Mant was convinced Clausuel would find it.






Chapter 1


‘Luvoc, you’ve had more than enough time to finish the reports I requested.’
The Captain’s beautiful shell hid another character. She was cruel and ambitious, and if he didn’t do as she wanted she was likely to leave him stranded on the planet - one less to share profits. She terrified him, but like most of her men, he imagined sleeping with her. She’d crush him between those shapely thighs. He was sweating with fear and excitement. The sight of those pale green eyes boring into his increased his terror. She turned, her long red hair glowed in the lights above his station as she moved to check the screen.
‘It’s complicated,’ he said, his voice shaking.
‘It is, Post-Tech worlds always are, and the older the technology the harder to find. The stuff we want will be within plain sight or hidden away and forgotten. Our peoples have been Post-Tech twice and we still find our old artefacts. It’s a long way off the usual routes. That won’t stop Fleet, or another of The Trust’s minions, looking around one day. We’ve invested a lot of money getting here, so hurry, and locate something.’
‘Yes Captain,’ but he was shaking so much, he couldn’t run the scanner.
‘Give me that, I can do it in a quarter of the time,’ she pushed him off the chair so he fell onto the floor. Luvoc expected a kick.

‘Lavena, if you didn’t frighten the boy and just left him, he’d finish it.’
It was Zaftan. Luvoc admired him. He was Lavena’s steady lover, and the only one apart from Suelyn who was not frightened of her. Lavena might be strong, but Zaftan was a head taller and the muscles on his bare arms were impressive.
‘Come to bed Lavena and let the boy do it,’ he ran a finger down her back, and she responded.
‘Very well, but if the report isn’t complete when I return, I’ll toss you out of an airlock.’
She cuffed him as he got up, and it was not a sign of affection. After sex, she was more amenable to discussion.

‘I’ve never met a worse bitch than you Lavena,’ Zaftan smiled.
‘Then why tell me you love me, or say you do.’
‘I must love you. I’ve enough money to start my bar on a respectable planet, and I’m still here watching your back.’
‘You are looking after me.’ She wasn’t angry. He knew how to tame her. They had been sleeping together since she was fifteen and he twenty-five.
‘Lavena your dad’s gone five years now, we should think of settling on a decent planet. I’ll continue to ignore your affairs, but it’s time to commit. If there’s not enough to salvage here, we’re in trouble. To break even we need to fill the holds, and we’ll be lucky to find much here. The Trust has the suitable planets sewn up, we independents get the dregs. Face it, they don’t want this one.’
‘Dad’s notes were specific, he knew we’d find decent artefacts here.’
‘What you mean is that he believed this place to be Anagora, the original home planet?’
‘It fits Zaff. I’ve gone over everything.’
‘Anagora is just a myth.’
‘Can’t you believe in anything?’
‘Only what I can see and touch.’

Luvoc was shaking with exhaustion, not with fear. He’d finished, he heard Lavena laughing, and felt hope. Sex made her nicer.
He handed her the report. She took the pad from him without a word, walked into her small office, and closed the door.
‘Go, rest kid,’ Zaftan said, his grey eyes matched his smile. ‘She’s a hard mistress, as I told you when you signed.’
‘Still preferable than gaol.’
‘Is it, sure of that?’ Zaftan laughed, and Luvoc headed for his bunk. He looked at Lavena’s closed door and sighed. When might she sell this old crate, settle, and make children?

‘Alert,’ the computers too soft voice sent a chill warning, ‘nano meteors passing in three clicks.’
Lavena quickly moved to the bridge. ‘Report,’ she yelled.
‘Ignition to batteries is still offline,’ Suelyn reported, in a voice that meant it wouldn’t be ready in time, but Lavena asked the usual question.
‘How long, any hope of solar replenish?’
‘Nope, that lengthy ride through nowhere depleted the solar batteries, need more time for that energy to load, not enough for a safe fall to the planet. I’m working as fast as I can.’
‘Jacks,’ Lavena shouted, ‘ready to move fast.’
‘If they’d hit when the lines were recharging we’d have blown for sure,’ Zaftan sounded worried.
‘We still could. Suelyn!’
‘Still working. Get ready to patch.’
‘If they hit the wrong spot, a patch may not be enough.’
‘Be more constructive Zaftan.’
‘It will be three days before the orbit decays into the atmosphere.’
‘I know that too.’
‘They might miss.’
‘I doubt that - the field’s the size of Mount County. Who was on alert? Those nanoparticles are visible light-years away.’

Everyone looked at Pravac. He’d been with her father for most of his adult life and could afford to leave, but he was too frightened to change his life and enter the real world. His eyes were failing, and he should’ve fixed them. But, he kept saying next time, and now he knew he’d run out of it. He accepted responsibility for their deaths and stood while he waited for sentence. Lavena had no choice. She took out her gun. But Zaftan shot him to spare her the guilt.

‘Right everyone you know what to do,’ she reiterated. ‘If a nano has hit something we can’t patch, we have to try a free-fall landing, and we realise the risks of that.’
‘They’ve hit us,’ Suelyn didn’t sound happy.
‘Don’t tell me, where we can’t patch.’
‘You’ve got it. We could make it to the surface, this old boat is tough.’
‘Less than even odds. Ok, work fast everyone, remember your drills, anything that explodes if it overheats or is unstable needs jettisoning now. Zaff, has a distress signal gone out?’
‘Yes, and I’ve checked Pravac’s station. The warning happened five hours ago, and repeated regularly, nothing wrong with our systems. He was on warnings and missed it. We had plenty of time to move out of the way.’
‘Damn Pravac!’
Suelyn re-entered the bridge. ‘Fuel cells ejected, a small light display as they touched the atmosphere, no harm to below, most taken by solar winds before they hit.’
‘Small blessing, if we’d stripped the atmosphere we’d have died too. That was a lot of energy we wasted, and I doubt we can manufacture it below.’
‘We can get down but we can’t choose where.’ Suelyn was always positive. ‘Let’s hope the people we scanned are civilised. I doubt we’ll be rescued this far out, and who’d care.’

They worked to check everything was stowed safely and were ready well before the orbit was to decay. It started slow but then speeded up. They built the hull with an alloy that withstood extreme heat. Everyone was on the bridge and strapped in their seats. Even Zaftan sweated with fear as they waited for the fall.
There were several scanned settlements. With luck, they’d land near one and not somewhere inhospitable. Then, as expected, it became hot, and the ship shook. Suelyn expected parts to fall off, and they saw bits of the ship blow. It shook harder and got hotter until everyone lost consciousness.

When Lavena came to, there was smoke everywhere, and she coughed until she vented it. She heard groans too. She undid the safety belt and moved out of her seat. She was uninjured.
‘Zaftan,’ she shouted, looking back to the communication bay. She saw Suelyn kneeling over a body, from his dark brown hair she knew who it was. ‘Zaftan!’
‘He’s dead,’ admitted Suelyn, her brown eyes full of pain, ‘I am so sorry, the rail on his chair shook loose.’
After Zaftan, she was her closest friend, having helped to bring her up as her father’s long-term mistress. Lavena was doing her best to keep control, but one tear escaped. Zaftan’s loss at such a time was devastating, he’d been the strongest of them, and she loved him. She couldn’t waste time on the lost.

Three crew were dead, and two so badly injured that Suelyn couldn’t save them, which left only six. Suelyn treated remaining minor injuries, and told them to take their stuff and wait outside the ship, then went to Lavena’s cabin.
‘Don’t bottle it up,’ she advised.
‘I can’t weep yet Suelyn, I have to wait until I’ve time.’
‘Lavena.’
‘Zaff killed Pravac, so I didn’t, all heart my Zaftan.’
Suelyn knew there was no leniency for such devastating failure. ‘Outside it’s perfect, inside not so good. Jacks close to death. I’ve given him a shot, he’s out of it. Klapper too, head injury, like Zaftan. Lucky he’s unconscious, a piece of steel through his head. He was twitching and probably gone now. The others died of various injuries. Bailey’s broken his foot, and the kid’s got a few bruises. Maskel has bruises too, and Lance’s unscathed.’
‘As always, one day he will run out of luck.’
‘How’s the ship?’
‘Power available for approximately an hour then spent too. We’re moving out what we can, we can’t live in here.’
‘I’m glad you are alive Suelyn, are you fit?’
Suelyn ran her hand through her dark blond hair. ‘Bruised, and I’m glad you are here too. Clear skies outside, and not cold. We’ve come down in a valley. I scanned before it lost too much power. The nearest settlement’s about thirty m-lengths away to the west.’
‘Well without power, we can’t stay here, so we try for the settlement, we may have to leave Bailey and get help.’
‘If they are friendly?’
‘They must be barbaric by our standards. What do we say? Hello there, may we have room and board, and a job to pay for it?’
‘They weren’t always primitive, as you keep telling me.’
‘I didn’t get the chance to look at Luvoc’s report, I can’t confirm they are Post-Tech.’
‘We’d better get out before the lights go. We’ve food for a while, but the power in our guns won’t last forever, and no way to recharge them. Are you any good with a bow and arrow, Lavena?’
‘I can learn,’ she replied. She looked at the wall to ancient weapons her father kept from his first find. ‘And that gives me the excuse to take these with me,’ she put them in her bag. ‘Suelyn, I can’t stop shaking.’
‘You are in shock, we both are. Losing your ship, man, and being stranded on a backward planet in one day makes anyone shake.’
‘We will retrieve what we can later. Suelyn scan me, I feel worse.’
Suelyn looked. ‘Quickly, breathers on - Bryamene gas.’
Lavena was ahead of her and handed her one. ‘Let’s get out of here before the gas changes, even the little left in the system will blow,’ she grabbed her bag.

Bryamene, a side project of fusion before reuse, was inflammable if it got into the atmosphere in enough quantity. Luckily, they’d blown the hatches as soon as they landed before the leak got too far. She and Suelyn looked at each other as they passed Klapper and Jacks. Suelyn shook her head.
Lance was moving baggage, he looked dizzy. ‘Out quick,’ shouted Lavena, ‘Bryamene.’
He left the heavy box and was ahead of them. Lavena was the last to leave and ran faster as she felt a sudden rush of heat on her back.






Chapter 2


‘You’re ok, just stunned, you are as tough as an old boot.’ Lavena was trying to be light, but Suelyn could hear the relief in her voice. ‘It blew you a long way.’
‘But not barbecued?’
‘No.’
‘Any injuries?’
‘No, you landed in a bush, so did Lance, I was not so lucky.’
‘You don’t appear hurt.’
‘My luck might be changing.’
‘How’s everyone else?’
‘Bailey, Maskel and Luvoc got out.’
‘And the ship?’
‘Burning, I doubt there will be much to salvage. I can’t forgive Zaff for leaving me here with a stupid boy and three men I don’t trust.’
‘And an elderly woman.’ suggested Suelyn.
‘If I had lost you too, I’d stay in the ship and blow up with it. Let’s check what they salvaged? I see containers; we may be lucky and find something useful.’
‘And you wanted to save two ancient swords.’
‘What’s left of dad and feeling sentimental, I have a heart.’
‘Zaff and I realised that.’
‘Luvoc, water for Suelyn,’ Lavena shouted, before returning to speak to her friend. ‘We’ve water, and probably more close by, but we didn’t get enough food out. Whether we need shelter depends on the weather.’ Luvoc brought the water. He looked terrible, his boyish face white and his blue eyes huge above black smudges. ‘How are you doing?’
‘Fine Captain,’ he lied.
‘As you’ve been resting, you’ll be fitter than the rest of us, so find out what’s in those containers,’ he looked scared. ‘The Bryamene is gone, you stupid boy, check the surrounds with your scanner if you don’t believe me.’ He went whiter because he’d forgotten to pack it. Lavena knew that guilty glance. ‘You forgot it didn’t you?’ she hated any inefficiency and sounded as if she’d happily beat him to relieve her stress. ‘Did you remember to bring a weapon?’
‘Yes.’
‘I am stuck with you, instead of Zaftan.’
‘Lavena, it’s not the time,’ Suelyn was not Zaftan, but Lavena respected her judgement.
‘Lucky for you, she is right. Check the containers and make an itinerary of what we have - now! Borrow someone else’s scanner, you fool!’

They were alone, and Lavena admitted the truth. ‘I’ve lived most of my life on that ship. I never got my planet legs. You stay there and rest, Suelyn. I fancy a dip in that river, I am filthy.’
‘First, I need to scan you.’
‘I’m fine, not even a scratch.’
‘Ship’s Rule. I suppose we stick with those?’
‘For now.’

Lavena was back too soon for Luvoc. ‘Reports?’ she said, taking water and a Nutri-biscuit from Suelyn.
Maskel started first, ‘Some of the ship is complete, but not useable and wreckage spread several measures east. Most of the fires burned out. There are parts scattered over a wide area. We had luck, Luvoc found a small portable generator, fully fuelled and several smaller units.’
‘Good, don’t use any of them without asking Suelyn or me, we need to conserve as much power as possible. Notice any locals?’
‘No, Captain.’
Was she the Captain minus a ship. She had to be, these men had to fear her.
‘Good, explaining this to a non-tech won’t be easy, as I doubt we speak the same language. We’ll camp here and look for native people. We live off the land, the little food left only eaten when we can’t hunt or forage. Suelyn, check if any of the flora is edible and you Maskel, as you fancy yourself a hunter, see if there’s any game. If you are any good, then pass on your skills to the rest of us.’ The strange smile he gave her enforced the only person she could trust was Suelyn. Now Zaftan was dead, they had to watch their backs.

They agreed that night they might set the normal watch with the crew but take turns in sleeping. She doubted Maskel would move to kill her and Suelyn until he got most of the others on his side. No-one slept well but Bailey, who was on painkillers. They spent most of the next day bringing what they could salvage back to their camp.

Lavena enjoyed her dip in the river so much yesterday that she had another. She swam, but never too far from her weapon, even if she didn’t expect Maskel to make a move until he knew more about their surroundings. She walked out of the water and saw a line of mounted men on the bank. Unperturbed, she walked naked to where she put her clothes and took out her small weapon.

A man came forward, he wore dark glasses like old bottle bits held together by wire. As he neared, he removed them. He had the palest eyes she’d ever seen, blue ice. She put down her weapon and stood back as a soldier sorted through her clothes. When he touched the gun, the ice-eyed man said a phrase that had to mean, “be careful”. The soldier rummaging picked it up carefully and handed it to him.
He examined it and sensed it was dangerous, and then asked her what it was. Lavena had a good ear for languages, she had to in her business, and she thought she recognised something in this one, based on an ancient language, supposed to be dead. There had to be changes to a dialect over time, and until she understood it, they’d communicate on a basic level. No-one knew how the original terminology sounded, so she had to guess.
‘Greetings,’ was the closest she found to hello. She spoke it again. The man looked interested and spoke a few words. She repeated what might be the same word with a slight trill at the end. He smiled and said something to his men, and they gave back her clothes. Putting them on, she then walked to their camp already surrounded by more soldiers. Suelyn was in charge and a far better diplomat than Lavena. She’d told everyone to drop weapons and wait for her.
‘Everything fine Suelyn?’
‘So far, apart from the normal trouble, Maskel wants to shoot his way out.’
‘As usual,’ she glared at him. ‘I wonder who our unknown friends are. They didn’t fuck me when I was naked so I guess they can’t be baddies unless they don’t fancy me.’
Suelyn smiled, she doubted that. ‘Disappointed?’
‘What a bitch you are, dear friend. Too many of them. The man with the funny eyewear is cute.’
He dismounted and walked to them, he removed his glasses again, and they noticed he was squinting although the sun was at the horizon.

Lavena gave him one of her can’t fail smiles. ‘I am Lavena,’ she said pointing to herself, ‘and this is Suelyn,’ she indicated her friend.
He appeared to understand because he put his hand to his chest and said, ‘Clausuel.’
‘Things are looking up, aren’t they?’ Suelyn kept her smile fixed.
‘Enough teasing, I’ve just lost my love. The only man who mattered except dad - even I have standards.’ She hissed through closed teeth.

Clausuel sensed something was wrong, for he stepped back. Lavena showed him the aggression wasn’t directed his way.
‘I am sorry,’ she gesticulated the words. ‘I am the General,’ that was the closest expression in old Losant she knew. He looked puzzled and when she re-pronounced the phrase, she must’ve got closer to the meaning, for he appeared surprised.
‘You?’ she pointed, and a similar word came out.

It was dark, and Suelyn arranged camp while Lavena and Clausuel continued to communicate. They were getting somewhere, but his pronunciation and the changes the many millennia had brought to the language, limited them. They were both tired, and he led her back to Suelyn.
‘Still hasn’t tried it?’ she asked.
‘A perfect gentleman, the old-fashioned code of chivalry no doubt. Strange.’
‘I think he is charming. You need that weep.’
‘No, I can’t cry yet, but I miss Zaftan. It’s as if I’ve lost a limb, and no time to grieve until I know we’ve got a chance here. There’s no way off this planet. If any spacecraft arrives, it will be an “official ship” and we’ll end up in prison or dead. Still, they appear friendly enough. I hope the crew realise they need to be good boys.’
‘Even they are not that stupid.’
‘This Clausuel is no fool, he’s smart. We’ve made progress, how is your Losant?’
‘I can read a few words, but no-one knows how to pronounce the symbols. How did you?’
‘Just lucky, more expressions are making sense.’
‘You’re confident this first contact will be successful?’
‘No, not happy. My home is in pieces, and my man is dead. I thought after this trip, no matter the outcome of this last journey, I’d sell up and have those kids he wanted so much. And what hurts is that I never told him. I’ll wake up from this dreamlike state any time and blubber like a baby.’

The next day Lavena and Clausuel agreed on what they should do. Lavena would go with him and negotiate terms to stay in the city. Bailey to travel with her for medical care, while Suelyn and the others finished the salvage. The guns were handed over and they’d leave Clausuel’s men to help them. Worse, she gave them her father’s old weapons too, and Maskel tried to hide one of his.
As usual, Clausuel found their arguments amusing.
‘Try to keep those idiots from ruining this Suelyn. Clausuel’s soldiers are well briefed and their boss is aware that we are less than perfect, so use your charm.’
‘I’ll leave that to you. I never knew you had it in you, quite the diplomat if you want to be.’
‘Aren’t I. I like this new personality,’ she smiled as she effortlessly climbed onto a horse.
‘I always said that underneath you were a soft-hearted bitch, that’s why Zaff watched your back. Now don’t change too much, will you?’
‘No, see you soon, Suelyn.’






Chapter 3


It was a few days to the settlement. But that wasn’t the right word to describe what was before them. A capital, small by the standards Lavena was used to, but a city none-the-less. A pleasing one, with well-tended gardens, a sewage system, and clean citizens. Nothing as she’d imagined. In her experience, people in a Post-Tech society lived in poverty and squalor. Bailey, in more pain after his lengthy ride, was impressed and more than relieved.
‘Captain, I’m surprised.  We can survive here, but what do we do to earn an income? That money I’ve worked so hard for will go to my sister in seven cycles.’
‘And Zaff’s, and mine to his family, so it won’t be wasted. I’d say you may need to learn other skills, look at the lovely buildings, and done by hand.’
‘How long Post-Tech?’
‘We had no chance to work that out, why the sudden interest?’
‘Wonder if there are there old virus’ I might die from, recent ones too, we don’t have Suelyn’s med-lab anymore.’
‘Thanks for spoiling the view, Bailey, typical of you,’
‘Any time Captain, but I doubt you have defective genes. You didn’t tell me you had ridden a horse.’
‘And you know I haven’t, as you say must be my genes.’
‘I am as sore as hell.’

She acted the part of a more demure woman. She had to be careful, her men too because they were stuck here for life. Leaving a nervous Bailey in the hands of doctors, Lavena followed Clausuel into the largest building and looked around with a professional eye. The interiors refined, the clothes elegant too, and she was in tight leggings and a halter-top.
She looked at the impressive objects. She’d make good money for much of this, she thought to herself. Instead of her host becoming impatient, it amused him. After a few moments, she found the right words. ‘It’s beautiful.’ From his smile, she hoped she’d said the correct word, for he didn’t answer.

He led her along an undecorated corridor and up a narrow staircase, to a room lined with books, real tomes worth a fortune. The Trust would love to get their hands on this place. She remembered that the ship’s computer had sent off an automatic rescue signal, and she prayed they’d ignore it. Unless she used her charms to cut a deal with The Trust for a share, but she doubted it.

There were three people in the room. Clausuel introduced them. ‘My mother Plantana,’
Lavena nodded at the elderly woman with eyes like her son. She noticed the similar glasses placed on the desk.
‘My father Mant, and brother Sero.’ Sero was gorgeous, dark-haired with his father’s eyes.
‘Lavena, will you explain to my family where you originate?’ Clausuel spoke slowly, hoping she’d understand.
‘I’ll try,’ she concentrated hard. ‘Come from stars in a ship - ship broke. Cannot get back to space,’ she replied in her best Losant.
They must have understood most of it, for the wary elderly woman looked shocked and they started talking together. Too fast for Lavena to make any sense of it. The elderly man looked at her with an odd expression. He was not as upset as his wife.

‘Come,’ said Plantana, as she stood.
Lavena towered over her, she was a few measures taller than Clausuel and a head over his brother. As they walked the corridors, people they passed bowed to the old woman. Clausuel hadn’t told her his family were important. They descended a wide marble staircase to an extensive library full of books, rare manuscripts, enough to set everyone on the ship up for many lifetimes. Several students were studying, and candles everywhere, and servants helping those who asked for it.
Bailey could become a lackey, thought Lavena. He’d love that, I don’t think.

They didn’t stop there, but walked through a narrow doorway, guarded by a soldier. Behind a stairway led to another vast library, but this was empty apart from a servant. Plantana said something to him and waited while he brought her a tome. Prantana opened the offered book and pointed to a picture. It showed several drawings of spacecraft drawn in a quaint style, against a background of formalised planets and stars.

Lavena nodded, and the old woman slumped for a moment before standing tall again.
‘Come,’ she said and set off at a brisk pace up the stairs, not back to the first library but to a light sitting room.
The same people sat, and a young woman, who gave Lavena an odd look. Sero spoke to her, and she left.
They talked fast, or was it an argument? She wandered over to the window and looked out. It convinced her these individuals were afraid, and not only of her.

Clausuel came to her, and she heard a word but he didn’t speak, “Valce.”
‘Valce, what is a Valce?’
‘Woman warrior,’ he said, looking surprised and puzzled.
Lavena laughed and spoke in her own language. ‘Well, I am taller than you, but that has never worried me before, are you married?’ she asked, her eyes twinkling, and repeated it, she hoped in understandable Losant. ‘Who is Sero?’
‘My brother.’
‘Older or younger?’ She used her hands to get her question across, and then to ask if he was wed to the pretty girl and if he was the youngest son.
Clausuel nodded.
Plantana interrupted.
‘She doesn’t like me,’ again in her language, ‘because you do.’
‘I will show you to your room,’ he declared, looking at his mother who did not think it proper.
‘Where is Bailey?’
‘He has a chamber, do you want to see him?’
‘No.’
‘Clausuel.’ Prantana tried to stop him, but he defended with a few fast words and another gesticulation. Whatever he told her, she questioned no more.
‘Clothes,’ he replied and pointed.
‘That old story, the way I am dressed. Everyone is so short. I doubt anything will fit me. But they make everything to measure here.’

She accompanied him along another series of corridors. He opened the door, and she followed him into an impressive room.
‘Wow, this beats the Sun Resort on Bradcon.’ Three women waited. She turned to Clausuel, puzzled. ‘Why are they here? I was under the strong impression that you wanted to fuck me. So get rid of them, and you stay.’ She knew from his face he understood her.
‘To help you,’ he indicated the serving girls, smiled and left.
It annoyed Lavena. Then she saw Zaftan as she had last seen him, the piece of metal through his head and the blood. ‘Oh well, maybe you are right, it’s too soon.’

There was a bathroom in an adjacent room. A little labour intensive, but there was plumbing of sorts, the boiler fed by wood.
Once they filled the bath, she shooed the women out. She was unused to such luxury. They’d recycled showers on the ship, but she’d not had a tub since a holiday at the resort she had mentioned, and that was four years ago.
She came out and looked at what they had put out for her to wear. The clothes were made of pretty fabrics, but with it were hideous padded undergarments. Lavena shuddered and shook her head when they tried to help her into it. She’d never worn a dress before, although women with a less “exciting” occupation might. She allowed the disapproving helpers to fasten it and then pulled it lower.
‘Ladies, if you want the best out of life. Use your assets.’ She laughed at their expressions; they looked shocked even if they couldn’t understand what she said. The shoes didn’t fit, so she put her boots back on and that bridged the gap between hem and floor.

Clausuel knocked, a servant opened the door, and he walked into the room. His plain wool and leather outfit replaced by attire as fine as his brothers. He stopped as he saw how she wore her garments.
‘Clausuel, I am not wearing those hideous undergarments. No matter, I upset your very proper mother,’ she spoke in her own language, and her eyes flashed, warning him not to disapprove. Then she added in Losant. ‘The dress is stunning.’
He gave one of his amused smiles. ‘We go for food.’
‘Good, at last, I could eat anything including you,’ she took his arm, they had not touched before, he was confused but not averse to her closeness. ‘My dear, strange, handsome man, I have decided you will do, but I’ll need a test run before I decide.’

It was a small casual dining room, and the family were there with two very attractive girls. The youngest appeared listless and pale, and the other besotted with Clausuel as she blushed every time he spoke to her. Lavena found she understood most being said if they did not speak too fast.

After the meal, Sero’s wife, Palasta, escorted her back to her room. She was polite if not friendly. After her helpers undid the dress, she waited for Clausuel to arrive. When she gave up, she cried herself to sleep, for Zaftan and the children that should have been.

The next two days were frustrating. Not being able to understand the nuances of any conversation, she tried writing in Losant. The alphabet had undergone fewer changes than the spoken language, and they made better progress.
When Mant offered to send carts to bring back what they had salvaged, Prantana wasn’t happy.

Clausuel avoided her and the next family dinner was a repeat of the first one. Something was niggling at Lavena. She’d always been empathic, an excellent judge of mood and character, but she believed Prantana read her mind. She sensed with relief not everyone was able, but she wondered could her favourite son too. There must be methods to keep the old woman out of her brain, and saw from Prantana’s increasing frustration, she succeeded.

She returned to say goodbye to her ship, and they brought anything of value back to Talanos for storage in empty cellars. They loaded the last cart and Suelyn, knowing the depth of her friend’s feelings for her destroyed home, left her alone to grieve for her past life.






Chapter 4


Lavena’s crew were housed in modest but comfortable rooms near the cellars holding their few belongings, but they left Lavena in her “resort” room.
It impressed Suelyn. ‘Fit for a princess and mine aren’t bad either. And the people wash, this place is not as I expected.’
‘No, you guessed it’d resemble a Catchen town, where everyone is filthy, covered in sores and coughing.’
‘That’s the worst Post-Tech world in our sector. I thought they’d tie us to a stake and set us alight.’
‘It can happen Post-Tech, but even more likely in Pre-Communities, Suelyn.’
‘From my experience, Post-Tech are more volatile.’
‘They are afraid here, the Queen, Prantana is the nastiest. She’s worried because I fancy her son, but there’s more behind her dislike. Dear Mant is more amenable and in charge, or we’d be burned at the stake. Not stupid, any of them, and from what I’ve found out they’re concerned our technology may contaminate their ideal little world. Can’t say I blame them.’
‘We staying here will change things for them. Do they realise the ship sent an automated distress signal before it fell to the ground?’
‘No, or we’d be dead by now. It’s a two-year journey from Central and that’s thirteen months from the last supply base. They won’t come for us, but when they do, this planet will be plundered and destroyed. We’ve got a few years yet.’
‘Don’t remind me. If you and Zaff hadn’t killed the mutineers, we would be floating around in deep space, not them.’
‘I was glad to get rid of them, and the supplies wouldn’t last, and we’d be forced to turn back. I still think we are on Anagora. They call it something similar, and now surrounded by this loot, worth more than I could make in several normal lifetimes, I am trapped here. Ironic Suelyn.’
‘What is wrong Lavena, apart from everything?’
‘I’m pining for masculine companionship, one in particular. I’ve looked nowhere else, although a few soldiers and servants are nice-looking, I want Clausuel. We’re never left alone. They sent Sero to help with the salvage work. I get the idea it’s up to the old lady, and she doesn’t like me.’
‘Mother-in-law syndrome.’ suggested Suelyn.
‘She dotes on Sero’s Palasta. I pollute her heavenly home. She prefers he marries one of those sweet adolescent girls. They’ve lived through rough times as if haunted. The youngest is getting thinner, no matter how they try to coax her to eat. They’re not related to the family. I must ask Clausuel, something in paradise is wrong, I can sense it.’
‘Then go with your feelings, what is this pussyfooting?’
‘You suggested a diplomatic approach.’
‘But confuse your enemy works too.’
Lavena laughed, ‘I’ve missed you Suelyn. I wrote phrases that might help you learn the language, give the others a copy.’
‘Yes Captain, Mam!’

That evening at a formal dinner, she refused to leave with the other women for their usual walk around the garden and instead turned to Clausuel.
‘I want to speak to you alone. No, I insist on it, just you.’ She sounded furious.
Prantana stopped as she heard Lavena’s demand.
‘Clausuel, you are a grown man, are you going to spend your life doing what your mother tells you?’ It gave the impression of a threat. ‘Please escort me back to my chamber, we’ve things to discuss.’ She stood.

He followed her. With satisfaction, Lavena noted the shocked or angry faces. She was now fluent in their language.
‘It’s obvious Plantana wants to keep us apart, why?’
‘She’s…’
‘What Claus?’
‘She senses I find you attractive.’
‘Do you?’
‘Valce are unsuitable as wives.’
Lavena smiled. ‘What is this Valce, just a female warrior?’
‘If you will allow me to escort you to the library, I’ll show you a Valce.’

It was in the public part of the archive. The room was empty, and Clausuel took a book from the shelves. He soon found the page he wanted.
‘A Valce.’ He pointed at a picture of a fierce-looking woman wielding a sword and standing on the piled corpses of men. There was a terrible, yet triumphant expression on her face.
‘So she’s a Valce, your mother is very astute, but I don’t want to kill you or anyone else.’
‘There is more.’ He turned the page, the Valce was now naked and surrounded by unclothed men, the next sheet showed an orgy.
‘Wow, and you let everyone read this.’
‘It serves as a warning.’
‘It does - ever seen a Valce before I arrived?’
‘No.’
‘I’m not a virgin and not expecting marriage. After losing Zaff, I want to relax the best way I know.’ Clausuel drew back. ‘What’s wrong with you, I’ve told you it doesn’t have to be forever. You’re unmarried, or are you supposed to marry one of the pretty girls, the eldest adores you,’ she saw a shadow cross his face. ‘Prince, you need the help of a Valce,’ she said in a soft voice.
His expression changed, and he looked as she wanted him to. ‘Yes, I do.’
‘And I want the actual truth.  Why are you courting me, if not for bed?’
‘Not here.’
‘My room?’
‘No, the garden.’

Lavena listened to a strange story, but she recognised the signs. A long-lived monster who needed blood or body matter to survive. People disappearing for generations. A queen sucked dry, and why was it after Salma’s daughters.

‘Blood is the right word and they need it to survive, even flesh from family members. He has an Extendo Chamber, and he may have run out of the prepared DNA needed to use it.’ Lavena had heard of it.
Clausuel didn’t understand what she said, but it sounded much better than a monster was sucking people dry.
‘He’s killing humans to survive, and from its description is ancient, and you can’t extend any life forever. Probably the girls are close kin, and why it’s desperate to get to them. Their blood won’t help him for long.’
Clausuel still struggled to understand, so Lavena started from the beginning again until he nodded. ‘We outlawed Extendo Eggs, and unsure when they were invented. I’d say from First Tech. This creature could be ancient and it fits with what I believe to be your history. A few pathetic and very rich, old people scared of dying required them. But, as you saw, the side effects are horrible, and this one is killing his relatives to get to their DNA. That’s unnecessary. Either the equipment he uses is faulty, or he is not a good technician.’ Lavena shuddered. ‘Human fuel.’
‘Egg, you said egg.’
‘Yes, the chamber resembles one.’
‘Let’s go back to the library.’

This time they descended to the second private repository. This too was empty, but there was a guard at the door. Clausuel asked a servant to bring candles. Lavena imagined these precious books going up in smoke. The first invention she had to introduce was light without flame and heat. Clausuel took a while before he found the right book and page.
‘Is this it?’ He pointed to what she described.
‘Yes.’ This place had to be Anagora.
‘Can you destroy it?’
‘Yes, no technology needed. It’s only a man if usually a strong agile one and the Egg can be smashed too.’
What was she saying, pulverise an Extendo? It was beyond price. One glance at the relief on Clausuel’s face, and she knew she’d decimate it, what was wrong with her?
‘Thank you, Lavena, and for your suggestion, the creature can make children.’
‘In its restored form, he’d appear as any normal human. Now enough of business,’ she placed her lips on his.

‘Highness.’ a voice from the top of the stairs interrupted them.
‘Damn,’ said Lavena, as Clausuel pulled away.
‘Sir, your mother wishes to speak to you,’ the servant looked embarrassed.
‘I must go.’
‘As I’ve nothing better to do, may I potter around here?’
‘You’ll need a Keeper to help, we’ve strict rules, and if you don’t put the books back in the right place they get upset, I’ll organise one.’

Clausuel was angry with his mother for interfering. She disliked Lavena, but he didn’t share her feelings. By the time he had reached her sitting room, he was furious.
‘I hope it’s important,’ he announced.
‘I dislike that woman,’ she replied, knowing his mood.
‘She is just a woman, not an evil demon, and has offered to kill the creature. It’s a man, a product of technology. Technology, that’s what’s behind this hate of her.’

His father sat near the fire. ‘Plantana, we understand our religion forbids its use, but we can’t allow this beast to harm anyone else, that is our vow, our purpose.’
‘She says our methods can kill it and the Egg technology it uses to keep it alive, she understands our feelings. Mother, she has the wisdom to destroy this Egg machine that allows it to live,’ he added.
Plantana could offer no more arguments. ‘Very well, accept her help. I won’t antagonise her, but beware her mind is hard and cruel and I don’t want that woman as my daughter-in-law.’

Sero walked in halfway through the conversation. ‘Clausuel and the Valce, I have to admit she likes you.’
‘She trusts me,’ Clausuel replied.
‘She trusts no one,’ declared his mother.
‘Enough,’ Clausuel was angry, and his outburst surprised everyone but Sero.
‘The woman is sent by the goddess, that much is obvious,’ said Mant. ‘She arrives as we need her help, and in such a manner,’ he used a soft voice to soothe tempers. ‘Leave Clausuel to his fate Plantana, it’s already ordained.’
Clausuel softened. ‘I’m sorry I was angry mother, but as father says, any mistakes I make are my own.’

A knock at the door interrupted them. One of Plantana’s women came into the room. ‘Pardon majesties, but the child is sick.’
‘Bandera?’ asked Plantana.
‘Yes, she has a high fever.’
‘I’ll come.’
‘Mother, Lavena’s woman friend is a doctor, she can help.’
‘No,’ she replied and walked out.

‘Clausuel, are your mother’s worries unnecessary?’ asked Mant.
‘No father,’ Sero spoke for him, ‘I’ve never seen my brother so angry. I agree she is a Valce if ever there was one, and men find them intriguing.’
‘Your mother and I thought of a more modest bride for you. Allie, you like her.’ Mant was more diplomatic than his wife.
‘Both have had a horrible life and are still innocent, and I can’t ignore them, as they are now part of my family.’
‘Adolescent girls are romantic, and we sense how she feels and along comes the Valce.’
‘Father, I know but I’ve never given her cause to believe I have any more but friendship for her.’
‘Your mother worries for everyone.’
‘But not for Lavena.’
‘She can take care of herself,’ said Sero, rolling his eyes, ‘I see the attraction.’
‘Sero!’ his father shouted.
‘I will not betray my wife for a terrifying Valce, even if she is the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen.’
‘Stop calling her a Valce, her name is Lavena.’
‘It’s no good, he won’t listen, he’s smitten,’ added Sero.

Clausuel didn’t go back to Lavena still in the library. He sent a servant with his apologies. His mother was right, she’d make a terrible wife, and Sero was right too. Allie, or terrifying Lavena? He knew, and his mother might be correct, he’d live to regret it. It was a long while before he fell asleep.

Lavena was disappointed but realised it was only a matter of time. Instead of going to her room, she made a detour to the “crew’s quarters” to see her friend.
‘It’s late,’ said Suelyn. ‘I’ve been staring at a bottle of scotch, now I can open it.’
‘Where did you find that?’
‘Must’ve been your dad’s secret stock, we’ve another eleven bottles and I’m not sharing it.’
‘Yes please, I’ve had beer and wine here and if they don’t distil yet, we’ll invent it.’
‘You are preoccupied.’
‘Dad was right, this had to be Anagora. We’ve found the place but we can’t get off it,’ she swallowed the whisky in a single gulp. ‘They need our support, there’s a Misami running riot, and I suggested I’d help dispose of it.’
Suelyn’s forehead wrinkled, ‘Misami freak, does that mean an Egg is here?’
‘I’m sure of it.’
‘Shit.’
‘I said I’d destroy it.’
‘The Egg, are you mad. Do you realise what they are worth?’
‘Yes, but remember what happened on Bavar Three.’ she shivered. ‘Gross creature, it sucked people dry, often women related to it. No, for once I can do what my conscience wants, not what’s good for business.’
‘Zaff said he’d found the soft part of you, he didn’t tell anyone else.’
‘As for Zaff, I’m upset he’s dead. I wasn’t kidding when I mentioned I’d accept his marriage proposal. Picture me helping run a bar and being a mother, he loved kids.’
‘I can imagine both. I’m so sorry. It must’ve been a quick decision, and I get a big say in your important calls.’
‘I made it as those Nano’s hit, would you believe it. I’ve struck it rich and I can’t sell anything because we’re stuck here. Lost my man just as I decided to cash in the ship and do as Zaff wanted.  It gets worse.’ Suelyn poured her another shot of whisky. ‘A few days later I’m trying to get someone else in my bed.’
‘Let me guess the Prince with the fish eyes.’
Lavena grinned. ‘Can you believe he turned me down several times?’
‘Must be a first.’
‘I suppose so. He says I’m what they call a Valce, their version of a female warrior and sexual predator.’
‘Well, that fits.’
‘Be serious.’
‘I am. Zaff never expected you to be faithful, and vice versa.’
‘And this man will.’
‘It sounds long term.’
‘Does it, see how confused I am.’
‘We’ll spend the rest of our lives here Lavena, might as well make a suitable match.’
‘Still, in our hearts, we imagine being rescued, but not now. We know what happens if The Trust gets here. They’ll “assess” everyone, and force the young off the planet as slaves, and everything of beauty or value shipped off-world until those few left won’t survive.’
Suelyn had seen the results of The Trust’s assessments on her world. She felt sick remembering, ‘They won’t come out here unless they are sure of finding something. Concentrate on killing the Misami and learn to wear padded underwear, and don’t forget to teach your offspring to the fish-man to be good little princes and princesses.’
‘No, not the undergarment. Found any contraceptives?’
‘Didn’t you pack any?’
‘No,’ she yawned, setting Suelyn off too.
‘Get to bed. I’m tired and take the bottle with you. I’ve had enough, but you might want to drown these sorrows.’






Chapter 5


Clausuel couldn’t get back to sleep and fed up of tossing and turning. He’d decided. Pulling on a dressing robe, he left his apartment and headed for Lavena’s rooms. The guards saluted as he passed. Not caring they noticed him going to the alien’s chamber. He stood outside her door, hand poised above the handle for more than a few seconds.
‘Well, you’ve got this far, why back out now.’ Lavena walked along the passage towards him.
‘Where have you been?’ The comment sounded ridiculous to both of them.
‘I had an orgy with the soldiers in the barracks, isn’t that what you expect of me. I couldn’t sleep either, so I had a chat with Suelyn, my second, remember her?’
‘Yes.’
‘Come in. I’ve got a very special drink to warm you up,’ she poured scotch into a goblet and scrutinised his face as he drank. ‘Good?’
‘Yes, familiar, but different from Lasch.’
‘I imagined you’d have something similar.’
She smiled, and so did he. Then she took off her clothes, the ones borrowed from him. She hated wearing dresses.  He waited, fascinated. No woman on Talanos, even a whore, would be so immodest.

The sun was well up when he woke. Lavena beside him turned on her side and ran her hand down his body to touch his hardness. She looked pleased and sat astride him. He was getting used to her bold lovemaking. His infrequent mistresses were nothing like this woman.

The three maids were rigid with shock at the Prince asleep in the foreign woman’s bed. It didn’t take long for the news to get to Prantana, who then found her spouse.
‘He slept with her.’
‘Clausuel is a man, and she is beautiful.’
‘But not fit to be a Talanos princess. I wonder how many men she’s had. She talks of a man she was to marry, the one who died in the crash. She didn’t grieve for him.’
‘You worry over nought. She doesn’t want a partner and will soon tire of our son. He’ll get over her, and settle with a lady of whom you approve. How is the little girl?’
‘Worse, nothing helps.’
‘Then ask Lavena for help. Unlike you Prantana, to be so emotional when a girl’s life is at stake.’
‘You’re right. I’m letting my dislike of that woman influence me, but Mant I love my children and doesn’t every mother try to save them coming to harm.’

Prantana stopped at Lavena’s door. She heard laughter, the whore, and her son. Before she could knock, a smiling Clausuel opened it clad only in his dressing gown.
‘Mother?’ The smile left his face.
With superb control, she said. ‘I wish to talk to Lavena, Bandera’s worse.’
‘Oh no. Excuse me, I’ll let you in soon,’ he closed the door for a short while before asking her to enter.
‘How may I help Prantana?’ Lavena refused to call her Your Majesty.
‘I had better go,’ Clausuel bowed to his mother and left.

Prantana had to say it, ‘So my son stayed the night?’
‘You don’t like me do you?’
‘No, Clausuel is an honourable man, he deserves more than a….’
Lavena finished it. ‘A whore. Yes, he does,’ she agreed. ‘I won’t trap him into marriage, we both want the same right now. The little girl is ill?’
‘That’s why I am here, we need your help.’
Lavena’s fine eyebrows lifted at the admission. ‘I’ll get Suelyn to assess her.’

Lavena was eating a late and large breakfast when Suelyn came in to report. ‘The poor kids not going to make it. I’ve got the high fever down, but she has pneumonia and worse, her organs are shutting down and she will be dead in a matter of hours.’
‘Did you tell Prantana?’
‘Yes. If I’d seen her before the organ damage, I might’ve saved her. I told the old lady, she understood and wasn’t pleased. I need to set up a lab with what I’ve salvaged, it’s not adequate, but in time, I might find replacements. Too late for the kid though, she weakened before her terminal illness.’
‘Thanks for trying, Suelyn. Shame after what they’d been through, poor things. Save any medical equipment?’
‘Not enough. No chance to pack.’
‘I realise that. As you say, we’ll find alternatives.’

Lavena found Clausuel in the Lower Library. ‘Heard about Bandera?’
‘Yes.’
‘I’m sorry, if asked sooner, we may have changed the result. Was it a typical fever?’
‘A common one, Allie had it too, but she recovered. About half do. It targets the young, old and the weak. Bandera wasn’t eating as you observed, she missed her mother.’
‘She was a pleasant kid. I feel for Allie. Are they sisters?’
‘We think so.’
‘Odd thing to say.’
‘The monster fathered them both, and with the same woman. As far as I knew, there was no one special in Salma’s life and no gossip as to who might be their father. As he left his lair to search for them, I suggest the guess is right. Do you agree?’
‘Makes perverse sense, yes the monsters are normal looking until they need DNA stabilisation, no reason he couldn’t attract a woman to love him, it gives me the creeps.’ He looked confused. ‘You’ve no idea what DNA is. For simplicity’s sake, just insert blood instead. I can teach you more, but your mother wouldn’t like it. I understand her reluctance, many Post-Tech worlds insist on keeping everything simple, not surprising after what I’ve seen. Here I find no sign of any crippling wars or any other holocaust. I imagine viral and yet see nothing in your histories to suggest that either. I’ll tell Suelyn to take the girl’s DNA and we won’t mention it. So when do we go hunting the Misami?’
‘The what?’
‘We call them Misami. It’ll take planning, if he is so old he’ll be cunning and familiar with the search area.’
‘Yes, I understand that.’
He was talking as if last night had never happened, and she reached for his hand, worried she’d lost him. But he smiled and responded to her offered lips, and the relief she felt surprised her.
‘Claus tell me what you recall, and where he might hide?’

He reached for a book, ‘This is a draft of the underground tunnels at Pelagora, at least as close as we can get.’ At the lowest levels are caves, vast and small, connected by man-made tunnels. ‘There are areas unvisited for decades, and as you say, no one knows them as this Misami. There is an idea of the upper levels too, another extensive part full of unknown passages, and now the ancient castle is empty, it’s the creature’s to take.’
‘I see it’s complicated, and you followed it alone. Are your men frightened?’
‘No, would yours be?’
‘No, but Suelyn is getting too old for anything that strenuous. The others are not trustworthy but have the skills we need, and they’ll want something for their risk. Why go on your own, brave is often the same as foolish.’
‘Yes, it was stupid, I memorised this and I still got lost, and was lucky to find my way out.’
‘You could’ve taken the book to help.’
‘None of the books in this room may be removed.’
‘What is this place, and I don’t mean this library, what is Talanos and who are you?  The pale, silent people in the long robes make it look like a monastery. There is a moral life here for a few, not everyone I suspect.’
‘You are a clever woman, Lavena. I wondered when you’d ask?’ He didn’t supply an answer. ‘Will your men help us?’
‘If you offer money - if you use it.’
‘We do.’
‘I think it might be safer if we take just one – Maskel is the best hunter. I’ve got what I want,’ her meaning was clear, ‘and I am looking after it. What about your soldiers?’
‘My soldiers are well-trained and loyal and do what I demand, and yes, they are not as foolish as their prince, and clerics will help.’
‘The pale, silent ones, are they these priests?’
‘We in Talanos train wizards and acolytes. They find their way here from over the known world.’
‘That is an old historical word that does not mean much today. What do these wizards do that no one else does, and why do I imagine your mother is trying to read my mind, and can you?’
‘I haven’t tried, what I could find worries me. You might toy with me, using my obvious partiality to confuse me.’
‘Then study me, I insist.’
He gave her another odd glance and did as she asked.
‘As I suspected you are controlling me, but as I hoped you want me, but you are confused as to the depth of your feelings. You use it too.’
‘What?’
‘You can read minds, but you imagine it as experience with human nature. That you get your knowledge of people from their body language, their speech and the look in their eyes, but it’s so much more.’
‘I’m interested.’
‘As soon as you became suspicious of what mother was doing you blocked her out, and as she is the best of us that should not be possible.’
‘Now we come to the facts. I accept Claus dear, you are telling the truth, and that’s why…’
‘Reach out to me and see my feelings.’
‘No.’
‘Frightened.’
‘Yes,’ she admitted and laughed, the sudden lack of confidence was so unlike her, she struggled to regain her composure.  Then she opened up as to her confusion. ‘I loved Zaff, only a few weeks ago and now I love you. It’s too soon and you are right to be cautious.’ She changed the subject. ‘Why can’t everyone come here to read these books and take them out or copy them.’
‘You think we are foolish to deny our past Lavena, but we do it for a good cause. We never want to return to the terror of misused technology. I understand history, what comes of it and what it results in, as you guessed. Protecting our ways is our First Law, you’d call it our religion. These books are only for the initiated, those wise enough not to misuse the knowledge for their ends.’
‘But I have read most of what they contain in other places too, and they may be tainted, changes occur in long times.’
‘My mother thinks you are untrustworthy.’
‘She is right,’ Lavena sighed. ‘Zaff did his best to see I kept my goodness. He did my dirty work, upheld the strict guidelines of what you might call our religion, and we called Ship’s Rules. They were cruel and hard, agreed on when I was a child and my father was the Captain. The reason was important to survival. If you show any weakness, they replace you. Why my men don’t trust me, and why Zaff took that on himself, so I wouldn’t have nightmares. Only Suelyn knows the real me, and now you do too. I am complicated and your mother is correct about me.’
‘There is more to you.’
‘That might be your love hoping so.’
‘No.’






Chapter 6


Bandera was dying. Suelyn helped her pass without suffering. As Allie’s tears gave way to hysteria, she filled a hypo with precious sedative and sent her to sleep.
‘Not a cure for grief, but the girl hasn’t slept for days and needs rest.’ Suelyn whispered to Plantana, who understood her meaning.

Clausuel and Lavena were eating alone in the small dining room when Plantana and Suelyn joined them and told them the news.
‘Poor child,’ said Lavena to Clausuel, ‘skin and bone before the virus invaded.’
Plantana struggled with guilt for not asking for help early enough so remained silent.
‘Virus?’ Clausuel looked confused.
‘A small pathogen, a tiny enemy that invades a life form and if that body cannot fight and win, without suitable medicine they often die.’ Lavena watched Plantana for her reaction and noticed interest. ‘Viruses can be so deadly that a healthy being dies. This virus may be documented in your library with treatments if you’d allow Suelyn access.’
She was angry the girl was dead.

Clausuel wanted his mother to view the woman he loved in a favourable light, ‘Lavena has helped plan the hunt for the creature.’
‘Thank you. I’ll admit you understand things we do not, yet that is not wisdom, as we’ve found to our cost.’ Plantana’s look was hostile.
‘And I am not a sex-crazed psychopath,’ said Lavena in her own language, although the meaning was sensed by Plantana who looked embarrassed.

Suelyn was annoyed at the bickering. A child had just died.
‘Allie needed sedating, the poor girl was hysterical. That lowered my stock. Ask Plantana if I can get support with their medical knowledge. So I might find herbs to use. There was a woman who helped me called Failla, she understood something of what I did.’
Lavena asked Plantana, who appeared sceptical.
Clausuel wanted to know too. ‘Mother, knowledge is not technology.’
‘I comprehend technology is against your Laws and we confront those beliefs, and you don’t care for me, so affecting Suelyn’s request. And yet she’s a qualified doctor and may save many people.’ Lavena wanted a positive answer for Suelyn.
‘You are not as you first presented,’ Plantana admitted.
‘I am glad you grasp that, thank you for noticing. We have little technology left and our weapons will lose their charge, so we can’t threaten your world.’ Lavena had agreed to the munitions lock away for “safety.” ‘I understand your fear, we’ve been Post-Tech several times, and every time rejected it but only for a while. We change our minds, for whatever reason, and start again. It’s not the same if you’ve not been Tech. If so, we’d be worshipped as gods or killed as demons, and you’re not frightened of us.’
‘Not of you, I am worried who may follow,’ Plantana admitted.
‘Mother, Lavena won’t betray our people.’
‘No Clausuel, Plantana’s correct. Our ship sent an automated distress call.  They won’t come for us, it’s a very long way and dangerous. But one day they’ll arrive, wondering why we came here. It might be a year, or a hundred. We searched for a planet called Anagora. We expected it to be uninhabited, and full of artefacts we could sell for a huge profit. That is how we live. I believe this is Anagora and someone else will too. You’ve seen our technology, but know little of our greed. That is the worst of us. I’d prefer to explain more of what we are and use the library to help illustrate this.’
‘Yes, I’ll listen,’ agreed Plantana.

Clausuel was both relieved and concerned. Glad his mother and Lavena communicated and worried that other, more powerful strangers might arrive.
Lavena wondered why she was here, why they had crashed, why had Zaftan died.
Suelyn thought the same. Fate, she reasoned, many things had happened in her fifty-four years, those haphazard events that turned out with a positive end.

It was their custom to bury the dead. Lavena and Suelyn joined in and followed the linen-wrapped body on a stretcher. Clausuel and Sero helped to carry it while Allie, Bandera’s only living relative, walked before it supported by Plantana. The girl was silent, with no tears. Her prettiness had disappeared, and she looked as her sister had, pale and thin, her brilliant eyes dull. The rite was short and simple, the corpse buried and left unmarked with no celebration of life. Lavena considered this an unusual practice, and she had a fair knowledge of burial customs. What changed these people, if they sequestered the body without ceremony.

Lavena and Clausuel returned to work planning the hunt for the Misami. The plans were complete. Fifty men to join them, most soldiers, and five Clerics, the most powerful of Talanos.
‘So you do this because you’re a wizard, I thought you were a soldier.’
‘I’m both and that’s why Sero will be King when our father dies. I preferred a life pursuing knowledge. My brother is the better diplomat and well-liked by everyone. Father regretted being King, my mother had a lifetime to study, he’d sacrificed his love of learning. Sero takes on more of his duties, so he has time now.’
‘Isn’t Sero a wizard too?’ Lavena asked fascinated what that meant.
‘His skills are meagre. I’m grateful he wanted the job, or I’d stay here while he hunts the Misami.’ Besides, he added silently, falling in love with a woman unsuited to be a Talanos Queen.
‘How far have you travelled?’
‘Over our lands to the seas, we’ve not explored beyond them, as the few times we tried, the endless sea forced us back because we’re unsure where there’s earth. We believe it from the stories of those who travel here. I will try again.’
Lavena remembered the topology of the region where they’d crashed. ‘Your island continent is the largest on this world, and sparsely populated. To the east, the sea is vast, but to the south, it’s closer to land. The north is full of tiny islands, and to the west is another extensive area. As far as we made out in such a brief window, you’re the only nation with large settlements, although from what you say of your visitors there must be more. There may be hunter-gathers in places, we weren’t scanning for life but looking for artefacts. We saw what might be the classical Post-Holocaust areas, but they were very ancient and I don’t expect are the reason for your disaster. Why was it?’
‘There are several theories, the most popular being degradation. There were too few children and our demise was slow.’
‘Do you understand what that means? Most males are sterile, you’d have died out unless you had specialist help or an influx of men from elsewhere. We should let Suelyn study it.’
‘No Lavena, don’t upset mother further, in time but not now, but I will listen to your ideas in private.’
‘Degradation usually means a genetic change or extinction, but you survived, why the abhorrence of technology?’
‘It’s said it caused degradation.’
‘Early genetic engineering makes mistakes, not just here. Humans realise we are heading for oblivion unless we improve sperm counts.’

Men with normal sperm sold it for a decent price, and then The Trust made the fortune. They were surviving, but the experts prophesied one day they’ll fade. Could this race be older and still virile, and yet they looked the same as humans, no extra limbs, or green blood. Lavena came to interesting conclusions.
‘What’s wrong?’
She didn’t tell the truth, ‘I was thinking what my dad suggested, that greed for technology makes men invalid. Eventually, we’d disappear, and only then did others evolve. I remember visiting a new Post-Holocaust world…’ she stopped. ‘My father was a wise man. He suggested that The Trust sold weapons in the hope of conflict and then rape the remaining populations of everything their worlds possessed. He encountered contaminated people forced to live short lives, mining dangerous products. Or they used men and women so poor and desperate they were prepared to sacrifice their lives so their children might eat.’
‘I can view the pictures in your mind, the feelings are strong, I witness the horror too.’
‘Then I’m sorry, what I am stating is your world is worth preserving.’
‘And you assume these people you despise will arrive here.’
‘It won’t be to answer any distress call the ship sent, but why we are here. The only reason they haven’t visited is the distance, it’s not cost-effective. I hope The Trust disintegrates, as the other companies did before them. Father said the process was underway.’
‘You loved him.’
‘Yes. He was a sympathetic man.’
‘And his daughter?’
‘I’m not. I am as ruthless as your mother suspects. But leading a crew of men with suspect morals, I had to be or die. I kept order by being crueller and greedier than they, and if I needed to kill I did. Pravac, my father’s oldest friend, was the exemption to that, and Zaff was aware it would cause me pain, so he stepped in and did what was my duty. Suelyn was the only other one I cared for, she’s been a parent to me. As for Zaff, I recognised he loved me and only a short while ago I realised that I trusted him too. Those years wasted, I regret my life. I should have sold the ship when my father died. Zaff wanted a bar, but I’d prefer a low-tech farming world worth nothing to The Trust, and lots of children,’ Tears came and she tried to resist them.
‘You are young, it’s not too late for that,’ he reached for her hand.
‘Now you realise my true self, do you still want me as the mother of your offspring Claus? Don’t just rush into this, wait until we are sure. I am not a virginal, well-brought-up princess.’
‘Could you love me, Lavena?’
‘I’ve had a life-style change and lost a man I thought of as my husband. I’m vulnerable and over-emotional. I need you.’

They didn’t detect Allie sitting behind the curtain of a window seat. This was a formal palace and Prince’s did not bed mistresses during the day, nor walk the corridors arm in arm. Allie’s heart broke. The world she imagined was not real. He’d never ask a former servant to be his wife, or to his bed. He wanted the beautiful stranger, not Allie. His earlier kindness had been just that, and she’d deluded herself he might come to care for her. She recognised her daydreams for what they were, only dreams. He’d forgotten the sisters when the alien arrived. He preferred to be with the woman called Valce. There was nothing here, only loneliness. If Clausuel preferred another then why live. She had recurring nightmares about the night in the tent. Another reason to die, no more fear. She may meet Bandera again, and her mother, and the family she missed. Opening the stiff catch on the window, she stood on the seat. Below was the neat garden. She was dizzy, and her head pounded. Now she’d be safe from the monster and the suffering.
‘Bandera I am coming,’ she shouted as she threw herself forward, knocking her legs as she did so. The last thing she thought as she fell was of the pain as she hit her shins on the stone window ledge.

Lavena and Clausuel were leaving her room as Suelyn came to find them. ‘Have you seen Allie?’
‘No, you look worried.’
‘I am. Plantana’s organising a search.’
‘Then we’ll join you.’

Lavena’s shrewd eyes noticed the open window and discovered Allie’s body sprawled on the grass.
‘Poor kid,’ said Lavena ‘what a waste.’
‘She must have watched us,’ declared Clausuel.
‘What do you mean?’
‘My family says she had feelings for me.’
‘Then I come along and we destroy her dreams. I’ve had better days.’






Chapter 7


They buried Allie with her sister the next day. To add to the drama, there was a fierce storm, and it soaked the mourners in heavy rain. Clausuel returned to Lavena’s rooms, and she dismissed the maids.
She undressed, and when Clausuel looked at her she said. ‘Hurry or the water will be cold.’
‘You mean together, don’t you?’
‘Take your clothes off, and I’ll get wine.’

She handed him a glass, climbed in, and lay against him. ‘The best way to relax. To discover the poor kid was hard enough, but the reason makes it worse. We were the ones who pushed her over the edge literally. Sorry, I am confusing you by switching languages.’
‘I understood.’
‘I sense you in my mind, are you frightened of what you’ll find in there?’
‘No.’
‘Good, we’ve reached the first stage - trust. I can’t wait to go hunting the Misami. I am angry and someone will pay.’

Lavena moved easier in her original clothes. Those borrowed from Clausuel were too restrictive. Giving concession to their modest dress, she wore a tunic.
She had an agreement with Clausuel’s parents and they carried their weapons. She brought one of her father’s sharpened knives, as well as small charges capable of shattering the thick shell of the Egg. She hadn’t told her men she intended to destroy the Extensor, only about the creature who used it. Maskel never took his eyes off her. She wished she’d left him behind, or without a gun.

The town was deserted. Last time Clausuel was here, just a few months ago, it manifested as decaying and desolate, yet in that short period, it had decayed further. The forbidding and very ancient castle on the hill appeared sinister.
Clausuel warned everyone again. ‘Remember your brief; no-one is to go off alone for any reason. The creature is cunning, and may enjoy the odour of your blood,’ his Sergeant looked grim. Clausuel paused a second, remembering the affable young man, Blaun’s son, and hoped for no more deaths.
‘It’s dark Claus, and this town has too many hiding places.’
‘We’ll withdraw for now and camp on the fields.’
‘This place is depressing, it reminds me of the planet called Vian,’ said Lavena. Clausuel saw it from the pictures in her mind. ‘Imagine the horror of living there.’
‘Many people disappeared. Salma covered up what she could by lying, how she loved such a thing is beyond me.’
‘He may have been handsome when rejuvenated.’
‘Trust me, he isn’t now.’
‘Depends how good a Tech he is. Besides, being interested in technology is evil according to Plantana. Well, I agree with your mother on this one. Misami are disgusting, and the sooner it’s dead the better. How are the new sunglasses - you haven’t said.’
‘They are a significant improvement, although I doubt you’ll get my mother into them.’
‘Give it time.’
‘Lavena, please obey the rules and don’t wander off alone, this monster is powerful.’
‘You stick by me,’ she grinned. ‘And lose the pained expression, I realise how serious this is, my culture makes jokes when they are under pressure.’
‘I’ve noticed. I expect the creature’s close and watching us.’

It was a tense night, few slept enough to be at their best, and in the morning, what they discovered subdued everyone.
Clausuel studied the plans again. Suelyn found paint pens in their salvage packs, their marks seen only by the aid of special goggles, and she’d found only two of those. This was a safer way of marking the route.
‘Remember, keep by your painter or you’ll become lost, use the chalk too, but the monster can’t rub out these invisible paint marks. We may need to get out fast. I’m leaving fifteen men here.’ He pointed to those who’d stay. ‘Watch your backs, and never be alone.’

Maskel bided his time, waiting for an opportunity. The others from the ship were envious that Clausuel was sleeping with Lavena. There again, they didn’t understand what a bitch she was. She’d shoot and ask questions later. He dreamed of fucking her, when awake it was more how many ways he’d kill her, and get the pleasure that way. How he hated wanting her so much. How did the Prince cope? Zaff could, but he was her equal. This guy must be up to it, a lucky or poor bastard.
‘Maskel, pay attention,’ she barked at him, ‘If you daydream in the tunnels you are a dead man.’
Her voice brought him back to reality with a start, cold green eyes bored through him. Why did he always get the impression she could read his mind. ‘Yes, Captain.’

It was a steep climb to the castle. On closer inspection, it looked ready to collapse in places. Lavena led the way, her long strides setting up a gruelling pace. The gate was wide open.
‘It must’ve been eye-catching in its hey-day,’ she said to Clausuel, who struggled to keep up with her. ‘Is it Post-Tech?’
‘I don’t know.’
‘I think it might be older,’ Lavena used a scanner, ‘no sign of technology in these stones. As you’ve been here before, you go first, Prince.’

Inside the castle was eerie, its furniture and fittings as they had left it. They’d loaded everyone with supplies. Water was available in the lower levels. Clausuel led them through the vast kitchen complex. The vermin scuttled away at their approach. The reek was a mixture of rancid fat and rat droppings, with the occasional whiff of food decay.
‘This is the easiest way to the tunnels. I had to be careful while Salma was alive and lost my route a few times.’

Suelyn supplied torches too. Clausuel knew his mother would be angry, but the priority was to kill the Misami. One day these fertile lands might be resettled, but the ghosts left may stay as long as remembered. He wasn’t looking forward to revisiting the caves. He’d seen things he’d prefer to forget and this time it’d be worse. Lavena was interested to examine the remains. At the first cave filled with human bodies, she took out her scanner.
‘This Misami is not content with drinking blood, he likes to gnaw at the bones too, and these are old. Is there something else here. This is strange behaviour.’
Maskel was listening; ‘A Misami, I thought we were hunting a deformed monster. I’ve heard reports they can shape-shift.’ He had greed in his tone, he was thinking of the Extensor Egg.
‘Who knows, but if this guy is hungry, I doubt he’ll be up to that, he’s just holding together.’ She didn’t bother to read his mind. He estimated what an Egg was worth.
‘So he must have an Egg, an Extensor is a lost art.’
‘I don’t think we need technology such as that, Maskel.’ Lavena said. She was thankful the rest of the men were loyal to Clausuel. Had she made a mistake in bringing him, although he’s an excellent hunter? ‘Well, you are the tracker, start tracking.’

There were more grizzly finds, many remains were recent and looked similar to Salma, a thin covering with bone and grizzle inside and other materials Lavena didn’t recognise.
‘I didn’t find these victims,’ admitted Clausuel. ‘I underestimated the carnage. Lavena, can you explain the state of the bodies, does the creature suck life from them?’
‘I’m not sure. Many possible explanations, his Extensor no longer works, this guy is far from human now, that means he is a monster and yes maybe eating his victims. Or, he has poor technical skills and can’t work his Egg. And something I’ve been thinking, to exist this long he must have had a power source,’ she whispered to Clausuel.
Maskel struggled to listen.
‘I’m not as stupid as you think Lavena that has crossed my mind too.’
‘Yes, I know.’

More bodies were found, recent according to the scans, there was a foul scent, pieces of dried flesh still lingered, and they disturbed vermin feeding.
‘This is a newer body dump, the numbers are growing. Your Queen Salma was a real bitch to put up with him.’
‘There are stories out of Pelagora saying people disappeared for generations. Salma was one of many victims.’

Clausuel impressed Lavena, his men did too, that made Maskel and his greed more disgusting. She knew he considered that being a wizard was no actual skill, he still waited for an exciting demonstration of unworldly power, but both his victims sensed his thoughts.
Maskel wanted to leave and intended to murder those he had to, and then hide and hope for rescue. First, take possession of the Extensor. He’d be over his compelling fascination for Lavena because she’d be dead. How he hated her, and yet these disgusting sights did not put him off sex as he expected. He must shoot her at the next available opportunity, the creepy Prince too, but right now, it was safer to keep the bitch alive. For a moment he imagined a compliant Lavena coming onto him, and instead of giving in to that dubious pleasure, he tried to stop his daydreams.

They found a cave free of gruesome finds and with only one entrance for safety. Clausuel posted guards, and the others attempted to sleep. There were ten awake for each duty.

The next day was similar, although there were fewer bodies now. Perhaps the creature used the upper levels as a refuse dump. Then, just as they were feeling relief from the earlier horror, they discovered an even more appalling sight. At first, it was the smell. Many threw-up. Lavena too felt sick. Old metal cages were full of filthy, whimpering, traumatised people of different ages.

‘We have to get them out.’ Lavena said as her voice shook.
‘Most won’t survive the journey,’ Clausuel tried to form a plan, Lavena was right, they had to save them. ‘How?’ he muttered aloud, but he couldn’t answer his question.
Lavena decided. ‘We have to split into groups. Send men, and a few acolytes, with those who can walk.’
‘And for those who can’t travel, we must post guards to look after them until we get reinforcements. That doesn’t leave many left to destroy the Misami.’ Clausuel saw they couldn’t sacrifice more innocents to the monster.
‘Let us move the sickest back to that last safe cave, and those who can walk take outside the castle away from the horror.’
‘Lavena, we need to find the creature, that’s our priority. What’s wrong?’ Lavena searched for something.
‘Fine wizard you are, concentrate, your emotions weaken your skills. The Misami is close and watching.’
‘You are right. I sense it,’ agreed Clausuel, detaching himself from the surrounding horror. ‘It’s confused, uncertain.’
‘Yes,’ Lavena concurred, ‘ask your acolytes to focus too. We need it to fear us while we move these people away.’

After assigning men to help the ablest back to Talanos, and those guarding the sick ones, the number left for hunting the Misami was twenty. There were fifty-six victims able to walk. The cave held another forty-three, there’d be more deaths before they’d get help from Talanos. Eighty-five of the prisoners were dead.

Lavena helped the guards in the cave with the sick. Clausuel came to see her.
‘How are you, Lavena?’
‘Not great - you? Remind me when we return to Talanos to have a weep.’
‘We won’t need reminding. I’ve seen nothing this horrific.’
‘Nor I, and I’ve had my fair share of awful sights. It’s as if I’ll never forget the stench. Let’s destroy this foul creature and move back into the light and fresh air.’

It was only a few hundred yards further on when the tunnels changed.
‘Captain, are these walls machine made?’ they were in the bottom levels and Maskel was right, the smoothness of the rock was neither natural nor chiselled by hand. His eyes met hers, and he didn’t lower them, he’d stopped fantasising over killing her and needed to at the first opportunity - greed had given him his final courage. Although how did he intend to profit from an Extensor on a tech-phobic planet.
It was a short distance further when they saw a metal door with a computerised lock.
Lavena scanned it. ‘This is unexpected, have you seen this in any of the old books?’
‘No.’ Clausuel was surprised too.

Maskel’s eyes gleamed, greed distorted his face. Lavena wasn’t the only one to see it. He thought Post-Tech goodies for the taking. Once that monster was dead - make that several dead things.
‘Unseal the door, Maskel.’ Lavena still issued orders.
He’d had enough. The bitch was irritating him more than ever. Her, and her fancy Prince, and everyone kowtowing to them.
‘Maskel, what the fuck is the matter?’
‘Yes Captain, right on it, just wondering what’s behind it.’
‘I’ve my weapon ready, open it! Try a scrambler. Do it!’

It worried her he might have pocketed spare cell packs for his gun. Suelyn mentioned her tally was short. And, he wore a jacket with pockets and bulges. She had to watch her back.
It didn’t take an expert thief long to get the door open. It made a strange sound for a Post-Tech world, scaring everyone but the off-worlders. Stretching ahead was a corridor, lights appeared.
‘Torches off,’ said Lavena relieved, ‘but keep them handy. Go on, Maskel.’
‘Me!’
‘It’s not stupid enough to attack from the front.’
She silently told Clausuel, the creature must use another entrance, we have to find it.
He agreed.

The featureless and familiar passageway was a relief. She hoped there were no more horrors ahead. This had to be ancient. No dust, so it had to have sophisticated filters to carry away what must be millennia of dirt, and the air smelled fresh and odourless. When the corridor finished, the next sight startled everyone. It was a massive hanger, in prime condition and the most startling and surprising find, there were three sleek spaceships, military, for short-haul.

Lavena sank to her knees as if in prayer and then glanced at Clausuel and decided. It may be possible to leave, but she didn’t want to go. Clausuel read her mind and smiled at her decision, despite his bewilderment at what he saw.
She pulled herself together. Maskel was on the floor, rocking back and forth, as his madness took over.
‘Get up, Maskel.’
He realised if he didn’t kill her first, he was dead. She couldn’t kill him here, not in front of her new buddies and boyfriend. Trouble is, he needed Suelyn to navigate and tell him just how far one of these beauties might take them. It confused him Lavena wasn’t excited they were getting off this junk world. A picture of her naked legs opened to him came uninvited. Bitch, he thought, only when you are dead will I’ll be free of you in my mind. Suelyn can get me out of here. She understood what he was thinking, and he found the courage to glance into her eyes and hardened his stare to match hers, but he soon lowered them.
Lavena heard what he intended, telepathy was getting easier and took less effort. ‘Maskel get your scanner out, he’s not far. Everyone keep together - don’t wander away. The Misami may use technology and set traps.’

Lavena pushed Maskel ahead of her while they checked the surroundings. There was an enormous door for docking.  Also, a console. Maskel and Lavena ran to it. As soon as she stared at it, she understood the monster was no tech. It was unused, but when she touched it, it lit up in what Lavena assumed was standby. If the creature grasped what this superb work of tech art could do, he’d have taken over the planet.  No need for “eating” people, or worse. The instructions for the Extensor had to be in there.
‘Leave it Maskel,’ Lavena instructed, ‘we’ve no idea what starting it up will do.’
‘I can do it now.’
‘So could I, but we don’t rush this, besides it’s in another language. We keep looking. Swap scanners.’
He handed it to her. Why did he always do what she asked? He was too close. He lusted after her and tried to hide his feelings. Shame she was the way she was. What a waste of a magnificent body. He wanted to scream out, I want you, and I can forgive you if you are nice to me. Shut up, fool, another part of him snapped.

Clausuel realised Maskel was a present danger.
‘Claus, come and look.’ Lavena accepted they were on Anagora. ‘These symbols are Losant, how convenient. My speciality too, what a weird coincidence.’
Lavena read his thoughts. Where there missiles here, or other weapons?
‘It’s safe, nothing on the scanner.’ 
The excitement overcame her caution, and she walked into another corridor.

Maskel’s heart sank. He hadn’t thought the computer needed someone to translate. It wouldn’t stop him. Suelyn could work it out. Time was his enemy, but so was Lavena.

Clausuel and Lavena had few secrets, and he understood what else she’d discovered, missiles and other armaments, the place held danger if Maskel found out. They kept the discovery to themselves.
‘I’ve found the Extensor Egg,’ said Lavena. ‘There’s a power spike not far, let’s stick together and get this over.’
Clausuel didn’t move. He thought what this meant to them and how it might change everything. Despite that, he couldn’t kill Lavena to keep the secret.
‘Clausuel, why are you waiting? Let’s destroy the foul Misami.’ No-one moved. ‘I understand this place is against your beliefs,’ she addressed the Talanosans, ‘but what we need right now is to erase the creature and break the Egg,’
There was a life form showing on the console. It was the Misami. She paused as she re-tuned the scanner to match it.

‘We must catch it.’ Lavena felt a reluctance to act from the others.
The Sergeant was the first to move. The other soldiers followed him, but the acolytes stood still.
‘It’s no good being honourable priests and true to your religion if you are dead. I’d recommend you stick with us.’
Clausuel gesticulated to them, and they moved.

Lavena made Maskel walk in front, next to Sergeant Blaun. Clausuel struggled with the bright lights and wore his glasses again.
Lavena indicated they follow her along the corridor until they reached one of many similar doors.
‘Your gun Maskel, you’ve more juice, and I’m a better shot than you.’
‘No’, he stammered, ‘it’s empty.’

He was lying and dropped his eyes, and she yanked the weapon from him. Opening the door, they saw the Egg. It was bigger than she’d imagined. First, she aimed at the data console and then hearing a slight noise from one side, turned. The creature came out of hiding. The Misami was hideous, inhuman. Composed of the altered genes of its many past species and finally evolving into a white crippled spider-like horror. Deep within the transparent shell was a human skull. The monster moved and injured three of the men who followed her. It lugged fast for its ungainly shape and emitted an awful sound, a screech, and then a low growl. Lavena reacted, fired, and only wounded it, for the outer covering deflected the power. She shot again, this time she fired at the part between the shell parts that showed soft tissue. It fell shrieking, the noise was unbearable. Lavena dashed closer, being careful to keep away from the flailing appendages that must have once been arms and legs. She shot it through an eye and it went still and silent.

Maskel made his move. He took out a small gun he’d concealed, but Lavena was quicker and held her weapon ready.
‘Let him go,’ she said, ‘he has other weapons, and worse, explosives in his jacket. Get going Maskel, but I promise I’ll find you when you aren’t booby-trapped and then it’ll be over for you.’
‘I’ve enough explosives to seal you in here.’

Lavena said nothing as he took off along the corridor. Clausuel looked puzzled.
‘He’ll bring the others for back-up, don’t worry Suelyn is no fool. But, he is, it’d take her years to learn Losant without help. If he thinks they can just take off and leave, he’s mistaken. Useful, I chose Losant to study. This place is amazing.’
‘We forbid it,’ said an acolyte.
‘Not me,’ she answered. ‘Listen, The Trust will find this planet, strip and ravage it. Your people forced off-world, and used little better than slaves, no-one wants that. Not all technology is evil, it depends on the people who use it.’
‘Those arguments are old,’ Plasm was the spokesperson for the acolytes.
‘Plasm, believe me, you don’t want The Trust here. The only reason you’ve had such a good run is that you are so far away, and they don’t understand you are here. One day a probe will arrive, even if they’d ignored our distress call. If Maskel’s plan could work, he’ll sell you to the highest bidder. We have to stop him leaving this planet. Let’s first destroy this and the foul creature it created. Everyone out please, the small charge I’m using should do both and still leave the room intact, although we will need to redecorate,’ she joked.
Once outside, she closed the doors and set off the device. It shook the ground and walls, but the door held. Lavena breathed again and moved into the main hanger.

‘Lavena what are you planning?’ Clausuel knew she was keeping him out of her mind.
‘He thinks he can out-shoot me but as usual, he doesn’t think things through, he is too emotional. I’ve other options now.’
She moved to the console she’d activated, and concentrated. Clausuel watched her work. ‘Be careful, this is against your religion. Your mother says I’m committing the greatest sins.’
‘What are you doing?’
‘Taking control of the base. I suggest after a sleep in comfort we explore outside,’ she gave a strange smile. ‘No need to walk through those ghastly caves and tunnels either. I’ve found a different route - much quicker, I’ll find more too.’
‘We did what we came to do, the Misami’s destroyed.’
‘It’s not over yet. Maskel will tell a tale, he’s considering blowing up a tunnel on the way out so he can keep us here until he gets back. He’ll say we are dead.  And we’ve no food, we gave most of it to the victims.’
‘You don’t look worried we may live off vermin.’
‘I am not because I doubt we will. How old is this settlement Claus?’
‘We only have records of the castle for a thousand years, but as we have little information for anything before that, it may be older.’
‘I bet I’ll find food. Are you able to contact your mother, I know you keep in touch.’
‘The further away the harder, but I expect so.’
‘Then tell her you are alive and we have done what we came to do.’
‘I will,’ he looked exhausted.
‘I’m tired too, and I’ve found a place to sleep.’ She pointed at the console, ‘See this, I can scan Maskel so we’ll follow his progress. And I’ll use these peripheral fields so he can’t get into the base.’
‘And when he comes back?’
‘We can’t afford to let him live, he’s insane. Suelyn is my friend, she’ll stay with me, we’ll assess the others. I suggest your mother warns her somehow.’
‘You are sure she will opt to stay here when she could leave.’
‘Yes, she is a mother to me, she brought me up and gave me love. Say what you are thinking, Claus.’
‘You want to go?’
‘No, I told you the truth, you know it. I’ve found it.’
‘What?’
‘Ration dump.’
‘After thousands of years?’
‘I’ve found food much older and ate it.’
Claus looked doubtful. ‘I contacted my mother, and she’ll do as you ask.’
‘You look tired, maybe that thousand-year-old food will pick you up,’ she laughed, ‘you don’t believe me. Many advanced civilisations are long termed planners, and it’s waiting for discovery by the person who understands it.’
Clausuel was uncertain. ‘This complicates everything, my mother will tell my father to keep this place sealed and guarded.’
‘I am just as determined not to because it enables us to defend ourselves. Let’s find food and water, and a bed and see to your men.’
‘What happened to them?’ he followed her.
‘Who?’ 
‘The people who built this place.’

‘Elegant isn’t it. Doesn’t look as if the Misami lived here, or if he did, something tidied up after him. Don’t be nervous, only small harmless machines. Imagine if it had fouled its own nest what a mess there’d be. I wish I had time to check why he ran out of re-sequencers and didn’t know how to make others. As far as I can see there’s plenty of equipment he could’ve used, perhaps he was insane. One day you will understand what I’m saying. Was the castle built first, or the hanger, with a study we might find out, fascinating isn’t it?’
Clausuel didn’t comprehend, nor did the pictures in her mind help.






Chapter 8


They found sterile rooms readied for occupation, chose one, and showed the others where to sleep. The soldiers were glad to rest in comfort, but the acolytes refused and sat muttering in the corridor.

Lavena grinned, ‘Am I imagining it or can you smell roses, or whatever they call your version.’
Clausuel looked uncomfortable. ‘You enjoy it here, don’t you.’
‘Yes. Let’s see what shower system we get, water I hope.’ She opened everything. Clausuel was surprised there were rooms and storage behind plain-looking walls.
‘This is a water shower, good. We’ll wash each other, while our clothes clean in the machine.’
Clausuel was still uncomfortable with Lavena’s disregard to nudity, and the strange places she wanted to have sex. He was falling asleep when she got in beside him on the narrow bed.
‘Are you napping?’ She whispered.
‘I was until you woke me.’

The next day it was obvious they were the only ones to have made use of the cleaning facilities. Everyone else looked as if they had been sleeping rough for days. The acolytes wouldn’t use the rooms to sleep in on principle. Lavena showed the facilities to the soldiers not obsessed with their religion. She led two men along a featureless corridor to the outside, and stood on the wide ledge, looking for the best way down the mountain.
‘If there’s a path further on it isn’t obvious, so be careful and if it’s too dangerous come back. It shows there was one but we can’t be sure it’s still there. When you climb back…’ she pointed to a cleft in the rock. ‘Just run your hand over this and I’ll be alerted you are here. This is to stay secret.’
‘Yes, Captain.’ They didn’t ask questions. Was that disappointing or a blessing.

She watched as they climbed. From here, she saw only beautiful scenery. The Misami was dead, and they would again use those deserted fields. It was pleasant to be out in the fresh air, even if the activated rooms smelt of flowers. Lavena decided after a lifetime aboard a spaceship she preferred being outdoors. So much for running a bar with Zaff, she’d have been a better farmer. She appreciated this isolated and lovely planet had the firepower to take on The Trust and win. Clausuel, herself, and their children, to be its guardians. Her mother-in-law might be difficult, but she wouldn’t be around forever.

Clausuel was still in the bedroom trying to reach his mother, she moved away to leave him in peace when he opened his eyes and said, ‘Stay.’
‘Any luck?’
‘We are in contact, but more of a whisper than a shout. It’s a long way.’
‘I can link with Suelyn, via her medical scanner if powered. We didn’t salvage any communication equipment.’
‘Lavena, I’m having trouble following your conversation.’
‘I’ll teach you. You discern my character well, if not my words.’
‘A true Valce.’
‘And I don’t repulse you.’
‘No.’
‘I am ruthless, Claus. When I love, it’s completely, but if I or my friends are threatened, I destroy that threat.’
‘I know.’
‘Many of the men and women I’ve had under my command are criminals. I inherited the ship from my father. What we did was, if not illegal, immoral. We found valuable objects, and we stole them. I fought for my position, because I was young, and a woman. It started as a reaction to my fear. Nowadays that emotion has dulled. I trusted Zaff to watch my back, and I grieve for him, but he’s dead and I’m alive, and I want a fresh life, one of which I am proud. Am I going too fast?’
‘The words that make little sense don’t matter, I understand your feelings.’
Lavena nodded, ‘Claus, this bunker was used for planetary defence, and its technology is way beyond anything we have now. I must kill Maskel, the others too, not Suelyn…’ she waited for his reply.
‘I agree.’
‘You do?’
‘I’m a warrior before I’m a priest, if our world is under-threat and you want to save it, then I’ll accept your methods.’
‘Good.’
‘What I find surprising is you aren’t planning to take our treasures and run.’
‘Don’t you understand?’
‘Tell me,’ he urged.
‘I love you, and hope to be your wife,’ it tumbled out, and it was a hard admission.
‘Feel better after that.’
‘No embarrassed. Stop smiling.’
‘Yes, we’ll get married, but there’s more, Lavena.’
‘We’ll become this world’s guardians and teach our children to do the same. You know I’m right, I sense you do.’
‘Yes, but they will train as warriors and priests too, and respect our Laws. Neither priest nor warrior must dominate, and this technology stays here. Agreed.’ Lavena nodded. ‘Tell me more, why did you come?’

‘My father was an archaeologist, and the only work was with The Trust, they control the universities. He hated how they ravaged worlds for profit. He wanted out. Find a low-tech world and start a small farm. However, he was an asset and they don’t let go of those. They were stupid too, for they came to our house when dad was out and threatened my step-mother. My birth mother died when I was very young and I have no memories of her. Mum hid me, telling me not to make a sound whatever happened.  I didn’t. They beat her up, and she died a few days later. Dad faked a breakdown, so they’d let him go. I say faked, but it changed him. He’d grown harder. I saw it after he picked me up from his mother, who’d been looking after me. She was wealthy and sold everything to buy dad a spacecraft so he could get away. She died on that ship, a few years afterwards. I hardly remember my step-mother, only her screams as those Trust men attacked her.’ She paused. ‘Dad rescued Suelyn from poverty. She was too outspoken about the unfairness of medical costs, so poor people couldn’t afford it. They took away her qualifications and sacked her. She brought me up and loved Dad and me.’ At last, she cried.
Clausuel held her close, and Lavena looked into her lover’s strange pale eyes.
‘My father taught me many things, how inequality destroys civilisations. Priests, who’ve forgotten their origins, turn into madmen, convinced only they speak for the gods. Soldiers too are mad for power. How a good man, determined to be an upright ruler, is forced to be a bad one? I’m not making sense, am I.’ She slowed so he might understand. ‘I came here because Dad believed this part of space was where our race originated, I search for our beginnings.’
‘Is it?’
‘My emotions tell me so, but why am I convinced?’
‘It will be hard to convince my family your way is the correct one. We should marry before we try any changes.’
‘Yes.’

In his arms, Lavena found the same peace she’d known before her step-mother’s death as if the fears of the past were at last dissolving.

They sent men to check what Maskel might have done with the explosives, as there was no sound of an explosion. And on the state of the victims.
They reported back. ‘No damage in the tunnels we used, and the soldiers left at the entrance were told we died trying to kill the Misami. Most of the entrance guards set off to Talanos with the victims after that news. There are graves, ten of the rescued people due to leave died, and in the cave, only twenty are still alive. Acolytes and a few soldiers are looking after the survivors until they get help from Talanos.’
Lavena nodded, ‘Thank you, Maskel must have thought twice about using what he couldn’t replace, there was no need to blow anything.’
‘Yes, Captain.’
Clausuel met them halfway along the corridor. ‘I said Maskel’s a talented liar, he’s convinced them we are dead, and the Misami is still on the prowl, he didn’t use the explosives. We wait and let them come to us, we’ll know when they get here.’

Lavena spent her time familiarising herself with the systems.  Most priests upset they were not following The Laws, but others were interested. The soldiers were on her side, thanks to Sergeant Blaun, who was grateful she had killed the Misami. One priest was very difficult and kept repeating dogma to whoever was in hearing distance, and Lavena was more than irritated.
Clausuel sensed her anger. ‘We knew this.’
‘Yes we did, and I should focus on the positive reaction we’ve had from others.’

With the monster dead, the old castle still felt forbidding and creepy. Suelyn received Lavena’s message on her medical scanner and told Plantana who said she already knew the truth. When he returned to Talanos, Maskel excited the others with the promise of an Extensor and a way off the planet.
Now he whispered to the other two, no doubt telling them Lavena was still alive, so it prepared them. Someone had stolen her weapon, she knew who, light-fingered Maskel.
‘What’s the matter, you look as if you have seen a ghost.’ She chose her words with care.
‘Wish we had. Maskel just told us Lavena and her pals are still alive, this won’t be as easy as I imagined.’ Luvoc looked sick.
‘Is that so terrible?’
‘Yes, and why aren’t you surprised?’ Maskel’s eyes narrowed. He’d given up the pretence. ‘Listen, old woman, if you value your life you will do as I say.’
Suelyn didn’t fight as Maskel placed restraints on her wrists. He dreaded going back through the caves, but he wanted off this backward planet.  Even if the Extensor was destroyed, those shiny ships were worth more.

Luvoc stopped to throw up whenever they came across one of the Misami’s refuse dumps. On the second day he had had enough, ‘How much further Maskel, I hate these tunnels.’ he was white and sweating again.
‘Shut up, or we’ll leave your body with the bones,’ Maskel’s temper was worse than usual.
Luvoc looked at Suelyn as if to ask for help.
‘Better do as he says,’ she whispered.
The sights of half-eaten bodies were worse than she could imagine. What was making it difficult was they worried over tackling Lavena, and Suelyn guessed she was the bait? What had Lavena cooked up, she was sure they weren’t weak or dead of hunger as Maskel hoped. They arrived at the way into the complex. She pretended she’d hurt her foot and hung back.

‘Captain they have reached the door,’ shouted a soldier who was watching the monitor.
Lavena saw Suelyn’s restraints, and she’d backed off, acting as if she had pulled a muscle in her calf. She set up a force field.
Clausuel hurried to her side. ‘What are you planning?’
‘This, nice and easy.’  The fine Laser came from nowhere and hit Maskel and Lance, killing them. Luvoc started screaming, expecting to be next.
‘Shut up, Luvoc or I’ll shoot you too. Turn off your weapon and place it on the floor, back up and wait.’ She used a communicator. ‘Sergeant, open the door. Observe the boy. Search the bodies for the keys to Suelyn restraints.’
Clausuel tried not to appear aghast as Lavena waited for them to arrive.
‘Say it.’ she said, ‘Did you expect a fight with the possibility of more being killed?’
‘No, I didn’t understand what those weapons could do. And yes, I’m shocked.’

‘They know we are alive, Suelyn?’ Lavena asked before hugging her friend.
‘Yes. Prantana heard from Clausuel before Maskel told them you were dead. She still worried even when I said that I’d go along with them, and you’d defeat them. There’s a rescue party close.’
‘My future mother-in-law won’t be happy with what we’ve found. I’ll learn to be a better diplomat.’
‘Congratulations,’ Suelyn looked pleased.
‘No one knows yet, so keep it quiet. Bailey didn’t come?’
‘I advised against it, he’s not the worst of men, and still recovering. I hope we can trust him.’

Clausuel left Lavena to organise Suelyn quarters and locked the frightened young man in a room.
‘Suelyn’s resting, had a gruelling few days, we have much to discuss, but she’ll sleep for hours first, how’s the boy Claus?’
‘Scared, but I’m not surprised after seeing what you did. What will you do with him?’
‘Not sure, he is an excellent technician, and I’m hoping without Maskel and Lance on his case he might co-operate.’
‘He’s young, a shame to kill him.’
‘Don’t let that fool you. He’s been in and out of trouble since he was six. Smart when he puts his mind to it. The same age as poor Allie. I hope he’ll change. But I’ll never trust him.’
‘So he may be safer in Talanos.’
‘Yes, but have I made a mistake saving him.’
‘We will watch him, enough killing, Lavena.’
She touched his face with a gentle caress. Why did she think it had only just started.






Chapter 9


Six years had passed, and Clausuel and Lavena were building a house above the bunker a few miles from the old castle and town. They avoided these places as if still haunted by the Misami. Soon both fortress and village would be gone. The stone needed to rebuild, and materials that couldn’t be utilised again, buried in the ancient tunnels. Along with the remains of the dead, they had already covered. They had four children who needed a proper home in the fresh air, not a featureless terminal.
After a shaky beginning, Lavena and Suelyn trained acolytes and soldiers as technicians. Prantana accepted her daughter-in-law, but only after Mant stepped in and gave her permission to use the base. He recognised Lavena’s argument. One day The Trust would find them, and he must defend their planet. The fields on the plains below reappeared, but the farmers were bunker staff. Lavena planned to build another town for them. Bailey lived in Talanos, married a local girl, and helped run his father-in-law’s chandler store, grateful for his second chance and no longer a threat.

After a month in Talanos visiting the family, Lavena walked to their new home to see how it progressed. There was a direct tunnel from the bunker to the house. No need for men to carve out the rock, but built by the technology they found. Once inside, everything changed. It was a building that fitted anywhere on Anagora.
Most inhabitants called the planet Goran or a similar name. The books in the library gave it unfamiliar names depending on the language, which differed in each area, but she traced all back to ancient Losant. Her Talanosan was now perfect, and Clausuel understood her original speech, as did most working here. This was the only way to express objects that no longer had words to name them. The change of residence was for their children to live a Talanosan life, as well as a technical one. Next to come, houses around the fields below.
As for the bunker, as they’d explored it further and opened more doors, and walked long corridors, they discovered it was much bigger than first suspected.

Suelyn waited for Lavena to give her a report after a visit to Talanos. ‘How was it?’
‘Same as usual, she wants to examine everything we do, and then stares at me as if I am a demon from hell.’
‘To her you are. What did you think of the house?’
‘It’s beautiful. I’ve changed, once home was a ship and now I have one where I can open windows, and gaze at the stars from far away.’
‘I finished your work, and plotted the buoys current positions, amazing how little they’ve moved, and I reset the net. Wonderful technology, how did you guess it was there. No matter how hard I try, I can’t find the systems you do.’
Lavena shrugged. ‘I’m good at dead languages, Suelyn. I always wonder about my choice of Losant as a primary ancient language, perhaps dad’s obsession with finding Anagora. Without it, we’d make slow progress. And without you, I’d be tied to this damned machine.’
‘While you were away, although our team of helpers grows, I haven’t had a full night’s sleep. The security net you found is a perfect piece of technology. These inventors are sane and methodical. In comparison, we are little more than trained monkeys.’
‘I’m still looking through the old library, there’s nothing about what happened here, and Prantana says she doesn’t know.’
‘We may never be sure.’
‘One day we’ll find out, I sense it.’
‘At least, The Trust won’t be able to force their way through the net.’
‘Any more acolytes in Talanos willing to help, Lavena?’
‘I’ve planted seeds, but I can’t do any more, and I want no religious zealots here, it was hard to get rid of the obsessed priests.’
‘And Prantana doesn’t cooperate?’
‘No, she is always challenging. If it wasn’t for dear old Mant, who is still the boss, thank goodness, I’m sure she’d close this place. I’d stop her - tricky, Clausuel is fond of his family.’
‘Even though you’ve found the planetary defence systems.’
‘She’d prefer everyone to die than use it. Yet sometimes I get confusing messages, and she’s not happy my acolyte training is going so well. I make her nervous.’
Suelyn made a face. She was uncomfortable with Lavena’s talents too.
‘Me too. You won’t win her to your side.’
‘No.’
‘You have that glow.’
‘Yes, you’ll be a grandmother again.’
‘You never age, after four children you look the same as you did when you were eighteen.’
‘Must be those marvellous wet-nurses and nannies. I have to admit, it’s a wrench to hand the babies over to someone else, but at least I’ve time to get on with things here. An ancient custom I only now understand and approve.’
‘I’ve found details of new contraceptive technology, so simple.’
‘I’ll save that for when I require it. At present we need more children, they will be the future.’
‘How is Claus?’
‘Glad to be home, he said. But he’ll be happy to move into the house. He hates living in the complex. Now we’ve brought his possessions here, and the wedding presents, he’ll settle. How is Blaun?’ Lavena knew he liked her friend Suelyn, and he’d been a widower a long time.
‘Lavena stop it.’
‘Everyone sees you are perfect for each other.’
‘He is eight years younger than I am.’
‘You don’t look your age.’
‘And you never give up. I like him, but I’m not sure it’s reciprocated.’
‘It is, he’s just shy. I need a coffee, come on, have a break. Brascan will take over for you.’ She called over the trained acolyte.
‘Coffee. I miss real and even unreal coffee.’
‘It’s getting better, those roasted lica berries are not a poor substitute. You could improve their genetics, and one day it’ll be as good as the original.’
‘I’ve more important things to do.’
‘Building a house, next door to mine.’
‘I’m happy in my rooms.’
‘You are stubborn. Back to business, any personnel we can upgrade?’
‘Close, but most are acolytes, not soldiers.’
Lavena made a face, she’d prefer more military. ‘I don’t have confidence in some acolytes. They are sometimes unsure what they want to do, and what they should be doing. Prantana is crafty, they may be on our side now, but she’ll twist them to reject or question our ideas.’
‘If I could read minds as you do, I’d know who to trust.’
‘That would be useful.’
‘If you ask Luvoc here, we’d get on faster, and his wife is a nice, sensible girl.’
‘She is, and he loves his baby. He’s not happy stuck on this planet. Can I risk it? He’s terrified of me, but that won’t stop him plotting.’
‘We’ll restrict his access, up to you Lavena.’

The cafeteria was low tech with stoves made from lab burners. There was proper food now, the “goo” re-stored - just in case. They accepted a lica berry coffee and sat to drink it.
‘I’ve never seen you as happy as you’ve been these past years, Lavena.’
‘Yes, I am. I love Claus. Glad I came here.’
‘It’s a pleasant life.’
‘I worry though, there’ll be no serious gene therapy for a long time, and I wonder what Claus’s genes carry. So far, none of our children has his weak eyes, but there might be worse lurking. She looked at her stomach.’
‘I’ll do a scan.’
‘But if we find something, we can’t always fix it.’
‘Lavena, this isn’t you.’
‘I want to free you up from watching the systems and do medical research. There’s so much in the data you can use.’

Suelyn rested in her quarters. Lavena continued her probing of the bunker computer, it was becoming an obsession. She hated wasting time in Talanos when she should be here. Clausuel was always patient, but even he had limits, and several hours later, he came to remind her she had children.
‘It’s late and the young ones are asking for you.’
‘I’ll patch the controls to Jahrad.’

They walked back to their quarters. ‘The children won’t go to sleep unless you read them a story. They say you tell stories better than I do.’
‘That’s just an excuse to bring me home because they see you more often.’ She felt such love from him. This world was her genuine one. The past was the dream. Only the memories of her father and Zaff stayed strong. Since her marriage to Clausuel and the birth of their offspring, the pain of those separations was less.

They both read the story taking different characters, and as soon as the youngsters were asleep, they walked to their new house. It was a warm night, so they sat on a balcony and enjoyed a casual meal brought in a basket. They watched the bright skies and the larger moon.
‘Glad to be back?’ Lavena broke the silence.
‘Yes, I love it here and how we don’t stand on ceremony. But, you are tense, you’re the opposite when you are pregnant.’ She was a far better adept than Prantana now and able to shield her thoughts from anyone. ‘What’s amiss?’
‘You are thirteen years older than I am and I couldn’t cope if anything happened to you, not when Suelyn could prevent it.’ It wasn’t the first time she’d mentioned it.
‘There are a few with weak eyes, but many of us are long-lived. If I let Suelyn scan my genes and you find something wrong, you may not cure me, but if that makes you happy my Valce, then I will.’
‘I’ve done nothing “Valce” for a while.’
‘No, but she is lurking not too far below the surface, ready for action, should we need her. Hush and enjoy the night sky.’

Suelyn found inert substances in what was once a lab and was busy trying to work out their structures, cataloguing and finding uses for them.
Lavena went to see her, ‘You’ve finished the Anagoran gene sequence. I read your first report, and the results were no surprise, we are very similar.’
‘Yes, and you have more similarities than I do, that’s interesting too, I wish we knew why? They might not be the bunker builders as we assumed, I’ve conflicting information. A change on the planet reduced this population, around two thousand years ago.’
‘What happened?’
‘Best guess most left, and they kept a few here to guard the bunker, and they became theological and abandoned it. The Misami doesn’t fit in, did he contribute to their revolution from tech to spiritual. He goes mad, and forgets how to re-sequence his Extensor and starts feeding off his descendants. What a horrible end for a man who must’ve been brilliant in his early days. Maybe he used the Egg for a long time before he got confused. With no-one to help him, he might’ve been going crazy awhile, and he couldn’t remember what to do and we ended up with a monster. The oldest of the remains we found in the caves were nine hundred years old, we may find older if we have the time. It’s still conjecture.’
‘No wonder Extensor Eggs are banned. I’ve heard weird tales, but until I saw the Misami, I thought they were just exaggerated horror stories. You work very hard, Suelyn.’
‘Look who’s talking, ready to give birth and never stops, and you tell me off for working hard. You should’ve another scan while you are here.’
‘No. He’s fine.’
‘You are restless again.’
‘It’s as if there’s a storm brewing,’ she massaged her swollen stomach and smiled. ‘I’m happy one moment and the next insecure, it’s not usual.’ Suelyn agreed it wasn’t. ‘Good news. I reconfigured the planetary defence screen. Nothing can get through unless they have the code. I’ve put your DNA in as a leader, Clausuel’s too, but I always worry he’ll revert and not use it, I’ll add Blaun too if he agrees.’
‘He will, he listens to us and knows what’s happening. So we are ready for The Trust?’
‘Weapons are up and running, but we haven’t finished checking on the ships.’
‘Lavena, we need Luvoc to help, he can work on the vessels.’
‘I can’t count on him. I thought Plucoe for advancement, the acolyte with the reddish hair, he’s doing well, and you agree with me.’
‘You’re still worried the kid will do a runner, and a priest might commit sabotage.’
‘Yes.’
‘Do you read my mind too?’ Suelyn laughed.
‘No, I don’t need to, but Plucoe fancies me in that very noble Talanos way of theirs.’ Lavena looked mischievous. ‘I can trust him because the best thing that ever happened to him was the discovery of this place, and he loves knowledge. I suppose I could bring Luvoc back and let Plucoe spy on him. He’d work out if the kid was up to no good.’
‘Fine, if you think so. I have a junior soldier that Sarge reckons will make a technician.’
‘He said something to me too, and that’s why I’m here, to ask you both to dinner tonight. Clausuel wants to give Blaun a promotion and if you are there, he may cope better. You’ll help persuade him that just because he isn’t a rich man, nor a noble, he can become an officer.’
‘Liar, you never give up do you?’
‘No, I love both of you.’

They were eating dessert when the alarm sounded. The women were out the door before the men reacted. Despite her bulk, Lavena kept pace with her friend. Plucoe looked shocked. He was white.
‘We have a bleep, Captain,’ he said, relieved to see Lavena.
She checked the console and then started working on different screens. ‘It’s a ship and a big one, but from the looks of it, not Trust.’
‘What do we do?’
‘What else, find out if these beauties are ready to take-off, we’ve never tested them.’
‘I’ll get readied…’
‘Suelyn for a medic you are a brilliant engineer but you can’t use these, you can’t take care of a shuttle and you only press a few buttons. These babies are fast and need the best pilot - me.’
‘Lavena you can’t fly, look at the size of you.’
Clausuel added to Suelyn’s plea, ‘No, Lavena.’
‘If I don’t go, I’ll blow up that ship from here, but I want to check it out first.’
‘And then you will destroy them?’ Clausuel knew she had to lead the assault.
‘That’s a decision I must make when I’m in space. Sorry, Claus, I’ve lots of useful information coming in, but until I get a visual, this could be anything.’
‘I understand Lavena,’ her husband was doing his best to stay calm.
Suelyn stuck up for her, ‘I agree, a visual is always procedure before destroying any ship, and as she says we must risk it.’

Plucoe was ready, he had the systems prepped, and waited on board with the rest of the nervous crew.
‘Clausuel, I won’t see our children harmed. I’ll be back. Jahrad, you’re in charge.’

Lavena sat at the helm and Suelyn strapped her in as she checked the sensors. Soon the vessel headed along the large tunnel, the engines automatically readied for take-off. A terrified Clausuel watched on the console as his pregnant wife took to the skies in a vessel she’d started up but never tested.

Lavena was in her element. The ship was quick to respond, it needed little input from the crew. The planetary defence registered her as a friend, it let the ship through, and they were soon beyond the planet. Considering her team had never been off their world before, they worked efficiently. They headed for deep space.
Suelyn scanned the vessel that had just crossed into their Solar System. ‘Only fifty-six hominids, human, as far as I can tell,’ she shouted to Lavena.
‘Too few for such an enormous ship, is it The Trust?’
‘No. Wait, holds full of mechanical men - must be soldiers, an army of them.’
‘Someone found this place before we did, and it took this long to get the raid organised. Lucky for us. Plucoe, inform them if they don’t leave we’ll open fire.’

The other vessel fired first, it hit, and they lurched as the missile exploded but nothing more.
‘Didn’t I say this baby was incredible. I love you, ship.’
‘What now, Lavena?’
‘One more chance for Clausuel’s conscience. I’ll alert them this time, Plucoe. ‘Alien vessel your last warning, leave now or be destroyed. We control this space and you cannot enter without permission.’ In reply were two more shots, which again bounced off the fuselage. ‘Well, we gave them a chance. Suelyn, let’s get one of the humanoids into storage. It’s our first try, and it sounds unbelievable, but the best way is to use it on an enemy than a friend, and their data?’
‘Done,’ answered Suelyn. She found it hard to understand why everything worked so easily. It was as if the ship anticipated their needs.
Exhilarated, Lavena sent out the disrupter particle stream, a problematic technology untried by The Trust, and it hit the immense vessel. It vibrated for a few seconds and then it fell apart, particle by particle until only space existed.

There was silence. Observing technology working for the first time negatively, many on-board concluded their religion was right. Then, they realised if they wanted to keep things how they were, this might be the only way. The irony of it, a bittersweet pill most couldn’t swallow.

Lavena understood their feelings. In a perfect space, you shouldn’t need to kill, but to survive you did.
‘Any escape-pods launched?’ she asked.
‘We were too quick, but they sent a message.’ Suelyn answered, as awe-struck as the newest recruit. ‘The prisoner is aboard and secure. I assume so, as we’ve never tried that transport system, it’s so clever. The ship says we can leave him there until we get back.’
‘On the way back do a surface scan too.’
‘Already prepped.’
‘Pluc, fly home, no need to hurry.’ He didn’t move. ‘Plucoe! I know it’s a shock, same for the rest of us, but we did what we must. They headed for the planet, you realise what that meant.’
Plucoe woke up, ‘Yes, Captain.’

The other trainees recovered and looked for instructions. Lavena left Suelyn and Plucoe to tell them what to do. She was busy trying to work out what to say to Clausuel, and worse his mother.






Chapter 10


Kaylen, a junior officer from the destroyed Zun ship, licked his lips. Even though she was pregnant, the woman sat opposite terrified him. This was to be an easy target, a quick fight. She didn’t say much, but he could sense her in his mind.
‘Stop it!’ he screamed in his language and held his head in his hands. She was not a member of his race but understood and entered his brain and sought for his memories and emotions.
She smiled her practised smile to instil fear.

‘My mother and father are coming,’ Clausuel told her, neither had visited the facility.
‘Great, just what we need. I’m sorry Claus, we’ve been asking them to come for years, and this happened, and I don’t have the time be a gracious host.’
‘We have much to consider, did you finish with the alien?’
‘Yes, the data Suelyn got is more useful, and it doesn’t make for a bedtime story for the children, she’ll call a meeting soon. He looks strange with his colourless skin and hair, and those black eyes, but he is human, long separated from any alternatives. We often appear distinct from our ancestors, Suelyn and I were not born here, and if you look at us, we are strange in comparison to you.’
‘Yes, and you are different to Suelyn and those others from your ship.’
‘Humans vary, you are the same pale colour, and where I come from your people wouldn’t be seen as aliens, we differ so much from each other, our skin colour, eyes, hair and features.’
‘What do we do with the prisoner?’
‘You can decide.’

Suelyn prepared a précis of the information she received from the alien ship’s data their system had translated. Clausuel and Lavena joined her, and Officer Blaun, to discuss what she’d found. They read it through before anyone spoke.
Blaun broke the silence, ‘Nasty of the Zun cowards to send these machines to destroy us.’
‘You wouldn’t stand a chance,’ Suelyn admitted.
‘We can’t be sure they’ve changed their mind about using Anagora as a stop-off point.’ Lavena thought it was too easy to think they’d give up easily.
‘They didn’t expect advanced spacecraft to challenge them,’ but Suelyn believes they’ll investigate.
‘Are we safe?’ Clausuel looked worried.
‘Doubtful, and we’re not the main target, The Trust is,’ Lavena considered the options. ‘It mustn’t happen, they’ll kill trillions of citizens, we have to warn them.’
‘I thought you hated The Trust?’ It confused Clausuel.
‘Yes, but the Zun are worse. I may loathe The Trust, but I don’t hate the people they control.’
‘Even if it means giving away our position,’ Blaun was far from stupid and not out of his depth with the new technology.
‘No, we send a buoy to another system so they won’t realise where it originated. Then destroy it, so they can’t trace it here, it’s easy to set up.’ Lavena insisted, and Suelyn nodded her agreement.
‘I’m fine with that, but this will need my parent’s approval.’
‘We can’t wait, we have to take the beacon now and stay ahead of that Zun fleet or it’ll be too late, every day counts. Have your parents left yet?’ Lavena understood it was a long, slow journey for the elderly couple.
‘No tomorrow,’ Claus admitted.
‘I’m taking a surface craft and going for them,’ Lavena knew she must get them here sooner than planned. 
‘Lavena, my mother won’t enter one of those things.’
‘Oh yes, she will - I’ll make her.’
‘You could do that, couldn’t you.’ Clausuel was serious, and the others embarrassed by their argument. ‘You could compel her?’
‘Coerce Prantana.’ It shocked Suelyn, ‘No Lavena, you don’t know where it could end.’
‘Pandora’s box is open.’ Lavena admitted.
‘Who’s Pandora?’ asked Clausuel.
‘I’ve no idea, it’s a familiar phrase amongst many humans, something to do with a Pandemic is the most frequent assumption. What I am saying is I can’t stop my brain from evolving. I work hard not to hear thoughts, instead of struggling to listen,’ Lavena sounded upset.
Clausuel knew it worried her, and tried to make light of it, ‘I can’t keep secrets, no more surprise gifts for you.’

Prantana’s daughter-in-law both impressed and repelled her. Not for the obvious things, such as her youth and beauty, but that her favourite son loved her more than his mother. Worse, the woman had mind powers surpassing hers, and she was constantly improving. Mant often took Lavena’s side. He believed to rescue their world from aggressors they must accept the help the gods sent them. Lavena fulfilled the secret prophecies.
That she’d appear in a metal box, a cruel Valce, and she’d save them from fire and death.  He was right in that regard. She fell from the skies as the forecasts foretold.
Their views were explicit, no use of technology. Her husband argued they were not using it and Clausuel was an observer, nothing more. Prantana felt a myriad of conflicting emotions.
Mant sensed them and understood her reluctance to enter Lavena’s strange craft. ‘It must be important, she respects our ideas.’
‘Mant, she does what she wants.’
But the Valce stopped her protest. ‘Prantana, you are ready to leave and there’s no time to argue. I am asking your permission for Clausuel’s sake, not mine. If you believe life is sacred, this is the moment to prove it.’
Mant moved forward, ‘Come Prantana, we must go.’
‘With you both harassing me, I’ve little choice.’

The journey terrified her, as it did Mant and their attendants, but they refused to admit it. The usual five to seven-day trip took less than an hour. Lavena used a subway from the outside and parked the small surface vehicle with several others. They used an open craft to get them to the home. Prantana may hate it, but Mant was proud his people had once made this.

Clausuel waited for them at the entrance of the shaft to the residence. He saw his mother’s emotions were raw. She believed that she was in a new power struggle, and Lavena wanted her position. That was ridiculous, Lavena had no wish to get involved in politics.
While they showed Prantana to her room, Mant took his son aside. ‘Your mother believes in The Laws, Clausuel.’
‘Yet, you are not so intransigent father, nor do you hate my wife.’
‘I admire your Valce. Lavena’s no interest in being a queen, and as we hope, Sero and Palasta will replace us. You’ve much to do here, and Lavena won’t leave to live in simple Talanos.’
‘I doubt it, father.’
‘She’s a talented person, but ruthless, are the reports correct?’
‘Yes, and I’d do the same. Mother prefers my sister-in-law, who does as she wants. Life is unexpected with Lavena.’
‘It’s jealousy. If Lavena were a good Talanos, your mother would still dislike her, you are her favourite. She has lost you to a woman, who, although she won’t admit it, frightens her. Try to understand Clausuel.’
‘I do, but sometimes it’s difficult. Lavena is my wife, and it must be to her that my first loyalties lay. It doesn’t mean that I love the other members of my family any less.’
‘I realise and play peacemaker.’
‘We have the Zun imprisoned. He’s over his original terror and becoming cunning. I’m not sure what to do with him.’
‘You indicate he may be safer in Talanos away from the technology.’
‘I believe so, after you meet him, you and mother must help us decide what we do.’

After a rest and dinner, an anxious Lavena told them what had happened. This was hard work, as many of her words didn’t exist in their language.
‘It was an enormous ship and those are dangerous. I had to investigate. It was far worse than expected, a huge warship, with mechanical soldiers ready for conflict, and to wipe out any sentient beings. Our ship’s mind read the Zun ship’s mind. It came here to set up a base, so they could wage war on the worlds The Trust controls. They must’ve been here before because they knew we are rich in raw materials.  Their earliest survey was over fifty years ago, so not a short-term plan. Although we scared them enough for them to consider their next move. What’s more pressing is we warn The Trust they are on their way. There were other ships on the same course, but they took a different route after we destroyed the first one, and they will attack the outer Trust worlds. I want to prepare them.’
Prantana butted in, ‘You don’t like them, why alert an enemy?’
‘I’ll make sure they never trace the source of the transmission. Why prepare them, because most people who live under The Trust are innocent, trying their best to survive - that’s why. The Zun will try to find out what destroyed their ship. They got a message off, said they were to give battle with a small vessel. This race must expand because they are in an isolated part of the Galaxy with few liveable planets. It is more cost-effective to wage war for more useable territory than form an inhospitable world suitable for life.’

Prantana went white-faced, she saw the pictures in Lavena’s mind and understood. Although she didn’t want to, she agreed with Lavena. Suelyn was sure there was more going on with Prantana than just the news of invaders. She appeared unwell. She stood up, moved behind the old lady’s chair and scanned her.
Mant was as concerned over his wife’s appearance as he was the Zun. When Suelyn saw to her, he looked relieved and got back to the discussion. ‘Do we know where they originate?’
‘Not yet, we downloaded a sizeable amount of data. Suelyn has Plucoe and other promising recruits working on it. We’ve worked out their technology is like The Trust. They differ in that The Trust favours live soldiers, even if they enhance them. The Trust uses the cheaper version,’ she added. ‘No doubt when they run out of living men they will take the automated choice too.’

Prantana groaned, and Lavena asked for an urgent trolley from sickbay. They followed it into the bunker to Suelyn’s little needed ward.
‘Lavena what’s wrong,’ Clausuel was as pale as his mother.
‘I’m no doctor, perhaps a heart attack, we’ve better facilities here than in Talanos. Don’t worry, Suelyn will look after her.’

They waited in Lavena’s office in silence. Mant looked distressed, and Clausuel kept pacing until Suelyn came to report.
‘She’s stable and recovering from a mild heart attack. Right now what she needs is sleep, and I’d recommend that she does less and takes time off from her duties. I can synthesise drugs to keep her well, but she’ll need constant check-ups. I’ll watch her in sickbay for a few days,’ she spoke to Mant. ‘Sir, you may sit with her a while, but Claus you just say hello and then let her rest.’
‘It worried me,’ admitted Mant looking relieved, ‘I can’t imagine life without her.’

Because of Prantana’s condition, it delayed the sending of the communications buoy, as Lavena had to configure it alone. Suelyn went to check on her other patient. Lavena was due at any moment.
‘I am fine,’ Lavena insisted, ‘is Prantana her normal self yet?’
‘Getting there, you need to visit. She keeps asking questions. The Zun problem has worried both the oldies. Mant is an adorable old man, no wonder you are so fond of him.’
‘If not for him, my life would be unbearable.’
‘She wants to see the prisoner for a mind probe.’
‘If she’s up to it, but we should let Mant try first. He loves this world, and I bet he’s not such a sweet darling when it’s threatened.’
‘What are you going to do with Kaylen?’
‘Mant suggested prison in Talanos and I agree, safer than keeping him here.’
‘You are getting soft, once you’d have killed him and Luvoc too because they are untrustworthy.’
‘I’m still me, but if I acted as I had to on-board my ship, I can’t imagine Clausuel, never mind his family, putting up with me.’
‘I doubt it’d impress them. Launch that buoy fast, you could give birth soon, and you get little warning.’
‘Suelyn we’ve agreed, you have many talents, but I will always be the better pilot, stay here and watch the old folks, my team are experienced now. At least they’ve had one flight in space, we’ll be fine. I’m about to leave.’
‘And I’ll make sure we don’t have a Prantana acolyte war.’
‘We won’t. An amazing place isn’t it,’ she looked around her, ‘and I bet we haven’t unlocked half its secrets. Finding this bunker has put the cherry on our cake. I refuse to lose it to the Zun or The Trust, and with what I’ve here we’ll destroy them. These few vessels could take on thousands of large ships and win Suelyn…’
‘What’s wrong?’
‘This is so familiar, I get spooked sometimes. I’d better speak to the in-laws.’

It was only hours before they’d travelled a distance far enough to keep their planet safe from scrutiny. Too fast, even Lavena felt awe. The tiny transmitter buoy sent the message and then headed into the nearest sun, appearing to malfunction.






Chapter 11


A few days later, they had another warning.
‘Seven unknown vessels approaching,’ said the acolyte watching the console, the panic obvious in his voice.
‘Crews to your ships,’ Lavena announced, getting to the central instrument panel at a run.
‘You can’t go,’ urged Clausuel.
‘I’ve six inexperienced squads, and you expect me to stay here - no way. I birth easily, it will be fine, Suelyn says it’s healthy, don’t fret.’
Everyone was busy in his or her allotted task. As Prantana’s son, he had to keep away from what was happening. ‘Come help me get on board, people here need encouragement.’

They left for space. The hanger was empty, it looked bigger without the ships. Lavena took the other vessels out by remote, and their crews had their first live flight once they passed through the atmosphere. As the simulations went well, she wasn’t concerned. Clausuel had to wait for her return. Leaving Blaun in charge, he walked to the house to read to his children, to keep calm.

There were six Zun spacecraft in obvious battle formation. Lavena didn’t bother with a warning, she understood their intentions from the information her ship translated and from their Zun prisoner, their orders were to attack. To prevent them returning there must be another show of force. She didn’t have empathy with these strange people, they’d been isolated too long to be human. They were prepared to die. Lavena focused on the vessels systems. She should’ve looked earlier. That déjà vu feeling came again. She accepted her ships advice and their craft phased out. That was the only way to describe it, not only didn’t the Zun sense them, now they couldn’t see them either. She told the other ships and they obeyed without question. The new control choice unnerved Lavena.
‘They won’t see us coming Pluc, are you ready?’
‘Yes.’
‘Agh,’ Lavena had a contraction and her waters broke.
‘What’s wrong?’ Plucoe was out of his seat.
‘I’m fine, remain where you are, fire when I tell you.’
Maist, a female acolyte came over, ‘Is it the baby, Lavena?’
‘Yes, he should’ve waited. Help me.  Everyone else focus on your work. Hurry, Maist, I forget how much it hurts.’ As Maist struggled with keeping Lavena’s modesty, she tried to ignore the pain and co-ordinate the other craft. ‘Have you delivered a child Maist?’
‘No, I am not a medic, but I understand how it works.’
‘Koffen, check our ships are ready to fire.’
‘Ready Captain, and in range.’
‘Remember to get out of here fast. Fire!’ She screamed as the baby came.
Their ships moved away as the Zun vessels disintegrated. A blast hit the ship, it didn’t breach the shields.

‘He’s beautiful, Lavena,’ said Maist, holding onto the baby.
‘Thank you for your help. Plucoe, check for other craft, if none are in a reasonable range, head home, my husband will want to see his new son.’

Clausuel was on board before anyone disembarked.
‘I’m fine Claus and so is our son. I’ve got an appropriate name for him.’
‘You look tired.’
‘I’ll admit to that, and no Suelyn, I don’t want that floating chair you found when I can walk.’
‘Humour me,’ her friend said. ‘I require to check you first. So what are you going to call my new grandson?’
‘Clausuel, it means Starman in old Losant.’ She looked at her husband, she’d never told him.
He appeared shocked and then amused, ‘Please, don’t tell my mother.’
‘I found your name strange when we met.’

‘Will we run out of power?’ Clausuel watched Lavena work in the base as she looked for more technology.
‘Not in our lifetimes, nor our children, nor theirs, not for many years, and by then we’ll have worked out how to replenish. It works by making energy, similar to our technology but far more efficient with no harmful ingredients. Don’t worry. I’m sure there are other bunkers, off-line and waiting. I’m trying to reactivate them here. The other way is on the actual base. It’d be wise to explore the planet and see what lies below the surface. I believe they are independent and can work together too, and if this one survived the ages, I imagine the rest have too.’
Suelyn close by heard her and looked surprised, and wondered what else her friend theorised.
‘Then we need Luvoc to help,’ Suelyn insisted.
‘Ok, I’ll reassess him.’

Lavena showed Clausuel there was no trouble with the energy running out. And did further tests using new tools she’d found in various caches around the bunker. She was shocked at the results, they’d power for at least the next thousand years, probably longer. This technology was beyond any other civilisation she knew, and yet she understood it. She looked at the larger crystal that powered the facility and wondered how it connected with the spin engines supplying power. The crystals powered the ignition of the generators, whereas their Trust ships used other systems, usually fuel-driven, to ignite their primitive spin turbines. They concluded it was the crystals themselves, but saw no energy change beneath their surface as you’d expect.
Then searching in the many storage rooms she found a simple tool resembling an old spyglass with a large long handle. Lavena had an odd idea and placed it on the crystal. Not only did the force come from fusion, but the particles interacted with each other in continuous reaction. Never shutting down. No decay. When a particle failed and dropped, it spiralled into an energy whirl and shot upwards to feed the crystal again. Two elements kept each other constantly reacting against the other. No energy lost. Was this power infinite? The spinner engines may be re-made and constructed of materials so strong they’d last more than a thousand years as her first findings suggested. Next, teach the method to her best engineers. Then find out how to make the material for the spin turbines.
That could wait.

Lavena decided it was time to look for other bunkers, both from space and ground surveys. Little Clausuel was eight days old and a happy contented baby. She handed him over to the wet nurse with regret. Of all her dear children, he was her favourite, and she knew why. It was as if his unformed mind was struggling to reach for her. She understood why Prantana was jealous. She had the same special bond with baby Clausuel.
‘I must leave you sometimes tiny one,’ she cooed. ‘I wonder if you’ve your father’s eyes and his patient nature, little Starman.’

That night she woke, unable to stop thinking where to find the other bunkers, and if their power sources were corrupted or still viable. Why, if this was a Post-Tech world, was there no sign of contamination. There were remains of metropolises, the early scans before the crash showed several. What if the bases were here before the towns and cities. They needed more than six spacecraft and the planetary defence system. The Zun will try again, and if not them, The Trust. What if they sent enough ships to defeat them next time. It’d be worth an immense loss of craft and men for this unknown technology alone. Had she made a mistake showing off their might instead of being more cautious? The thoughts came faster and faster until she couldn’t bear it. She left Clausuel to his dreams, dressed and walked to the base, to use the console in her office.
It surprised Blaun to see her, ‘Captain, you require rest.’
‘I’ve had enough rest, I have an itch, and must scratch it.’
‘Your husband will blame me, please go home.’
‘Rubbish, what a weak excuse Blaun, my husband’s over-protectiveness is my problem, not yours.’

How had she missed it? She’d been looking in the wrong places and made it complicated when it was simple. I knew the locations of the other bunkers from day one. Now she needed Luvoc to help, and Prantana’s co-operation to train more personnel. She sensed Clausuel at the door.
‘I had to come, my mind wouldn’t rest until I tried something. I’ve found the other terminals, I don’t know why it took me so long. I looked for energy traces when I should’ve done the opposite, searching the no signatures near old ruins. When they shunned technology, they built cities and towns so they could keep people away from the bases. Eventually, they forgot they were there, or the information was destroyed. Why was there nothing in the libraries? That’s why I assumed there were only ancient towns in the first scans from my ship.’
‘Lavena, we can’t do this, it’s against The Laws.’
‘Not mine. Besides, we need more ships, and I know where. I won’t let your mother stop me.’
‘Don’t start a fight with her, she isn’t well,’ Clausuel looked worried. True, Prantana wasn’t recovering as Suelyn expected.
‘Then I’ll speak to your father, he’s more open to what I say.’ Lavena burst into unexpected tears. ‘I’m sorry, but I have to finish this.’
‘Yes, but not today. Come to bed and relax.’
He took her hand and led her. She felt peace, as if the hard work were over, and not starting.






Chapter 12


Mant gave his permission. He kept it from his spouse so as not to upset her. She was content to rest, so unlike her.

‘Prantana needs surgery Lavena,’ Suelyn explained. ‘The drugs work to help her pain, but she’ll never be back to her old self unless we replace her worn-out parts. If they allowed the use of dead people, instead of making organs as we do. But it’s not my field,’ she admitted.
‘And?’
‘It will end in her death, it calls for an operation, more than one.’
‘I’ll tell Claus.’

‘The drugs are helping but she requires more treatment, and it’s beyond Suelyn’s skills here. In time, she believes she’ll find a way, but she can’t work without being thorough. And cloning tissue needs much research. I can help.’
‘Give up concentrating on your project?’
‘Yes.’

Mant prepared for the worst, ‘She won’t agree. She knows she’s very ill. I’ll try to persuade her.’
Prantana died holding Mant’s hand a few days later. Lavena felt no triumph that the main stumbling block to her ideas was dead, and realised she’d miss her adversary.

Luvoc agreed to cooperate and not allow his hatred of Lavena to affect him. He came with his bride, love altered him, and now he needed this world to survive for the other children he expected.
Lavena hadn’t changed. She still intimidated him and was just as beautiful after five children. He swallowed so loud he became more nervous.
‘Why are you frightened of me, Luvoc? We should clear the air between us if we are to work together.’
‘They told me you’d employ me because I was pretty, use me sexually and you did terrible things to your sex slaves.’ It felt good to admit his fears.
Lavena had an odd half-amused look on her face, ‘Who suggested this?’
‘All of them, especially Bailey and Maskel, but not Zaftan.’
‘So that is why every time I came near you, you shook. That was in your imagination, Luvoc, the others were teasing you. I didn’t have sex with any of those idiots, and pretty boys never interest me. You worried for nothing. I’m married and faithful to Clausuel.’ She read his thoughts. ‘Let’s get to business, I need your professional help and to know I can trust you.’
‘They made me go with them.’
‘Rubbish, you couldn’t wait to escape, and even now if you had the chance you’d leave your wife, child and future children. You dream of going back home a rich man.’
‘No!’
‘I demand the truth, Luvoc,’ she leaned forward.
‘Yes, but not without my family.’
‘Well, I suppose that’s something.  You must make your mind up this is our home now, and thanks to my husband, you want for nothing. Until I’m satisfied you care more for your household than the riches The Trust may offer you, then I’ll keep a tight rein on you. Until I’m sure you won’t betray us, for a Penthouse on Srytha, for your wife and children, far from their families, and what will happen to those here when The Trust ships arrive?’
He’d heard rumours that she was a witch like Prantana. ‘Please Captain, that’s an old fantasy. I wouldn’t leave Cilenge. You can trust me.’
‘No Luvoc I can’t, no matter what you try to tell yourself, but I need you. Suelyn and I have a lot to do and although the Talanosans are eager, they’ve much to learn and it’s slow. Your wife is amenable to help with my children.’ It sounded a threat.
He shook with terror again and longed for Cilenge’s gentle caress. He’d always fantasied over Lavena. She picked up his thoughts and gave him a knowing smile, and he ran out of the door.

Clausuel walked in soon afterwards, ‘How did it go, he looked terrified.’
‘He wants in, says he’ll not leave without his family, but I’m not sure, and he isn’t either. We’ll lock him out of sensitive areas, but he’s clever, once he gets the hang of the systems, he’ll find a way. I’ll assign a talented acolyte engineer to watch him.’
‘I’ve been speaking to father, he appreciates the threats we may face one day and says we can recruit as many as want to come here. Sero’s happy with that too, and he thinks we should recall a few acolytes back to Talanos.’
‘The ones spying for your mother. How are you?’
‘It’s difficult, reaching for my mother’s mind and she’s not there.’
‘I know, it took ages to get over my father, he was still young. And my actual mother… I often wonder what happened to her. Dad never mentioned. Grandma told me she died, and once she claimed, she came from a troubled family, whatever that meant. Without Suelyn I may have turned out far worse.’
‘Suelyn has no ruthless streak.’
‘I have.’
‘It helps you decide. Father, Sero and I always agree with you.’
‘I wish your mother were here Claus,’ she looked serious, and he knew that she meant it.
‘When are you going to find what you call the Main Bunker?’
‘As soon as Suelyn says she’s ready to leave Luvoc and trained an acolyte to watch him.’
‘I hate the thought of you leaving.’
‘Then come with me, instead of Suelyn.’
‘I can’t.’
‘Why not, the children are well-cared-for, and then Suelyn can manage Luvoc. She has Blaun to help her.’
‘I am tempted.’
‘So you will join us?’ It surprised Lavena.
‘Why not?’ What he meant was his mother was no longer here.






Chapter 13


Luvoc was daydreaming again, at ease with Suelyn, but Lavena frightened him. She had to be in her thirties, five children too. He wished his wife didn’t wear those awful undergarments.
Lavena heard his musings and looked over, he blushed.
‘Luvoc still has a crush on you.’ Suelyn commented.
‘Not a passion, a sadomasochistic fantasy.’
‘He’s turned out well, our pretty boy is now a handsome man.’
‘We need to discuss the upcoming trip over our evening meal.’
‘Matchmaking again?’

It was as much a business meeting as a casual supper. Suelyn and Blaun were to share the responsibilities for the base, while Lavena and Clausuel were away.
‘I don’t understand how you found the other locations,’ Suelyn admitted, ‘I couldn’t find them in the data.’
‘I’d an idea. Our first space scans were not thorough, so I sent up a controlled satellite with technology to search. I know there has to be a central facility, and there we’ll have everything we need.’
‘You think our ancestors had a larger city,’ Blaun followed as best he could.
‘Yes.’
‘Why did we forsake this, were we foolish?’
‘Not foolish, you can’t be if you made this. Your ancestors were ingenious Claus, and this isn’t a Post-Tech world, in the usual sense. No sign of war or pestilence. Perhaps most of the people moved elsewhere. They left a few to mind the shop. No jokes Claus.’ Lavena laughed, as she knew what he’d ask. What mind the shop meant.
‘It’s a tedious trip in a small cramped craft,’ Suelyn changed the subject.
‘The sea frightens me, and not being able to get out and stretch our legs,’ admitted Clausuel. ‘How many days, Lavena?’
‘A week in the larger planet vessels. We’ll cross the sea fast but need to slow over land and search.’
More discussion followed as to what they should survey on the way. Lavena smiled as Blaun escorted Suelyn back to her quarters.

They took three of the surface craft, each filled with ten personnel. It was cramped and difficult to sleep. The ocean was the worst hurdle and once crossed; they could leave the vehicles and stretch their legs. Lavena scanned for any signs of higher life.
They stopped by the seashore to enjoy the view and walk along the beach. There was no sign of large predators. The Talanos’ childlike amazement at the surf and the new continent amused Lavena. She’d bring her children here.
‘Your planet is beautiful Claus,’ she said as they walked by the sea. ‘There may be carnivores as we go inland, so we must stay alert. I find it odd, none of you tried to cross the sea and explore further.’
‘We didn’t need more land. There was enough,’ he explained. ‘As for now, our Laws are exact, there must be a moral reason to travel. Mother was strict, but from what I hear of her predecessors, she was mild in comparison.’
‘Your father is so different; he seeks the past to understand the future. If they left it to Prantana, she’d kill us before we spread our heresy.’
‘No, but her priests might.’
‘I wish the youngsters were here.’
‘For a Valce, you’re a wonderful mother.’
‘It’s easy when I’ve staff to cover my shortcomings. I haven’t thought about my step-mum in a long time, I used to dream of her.’
‘Your grief is healing.’
‘Yes, having you and the children helps.’

They passed several ruined metropolises, now fallen stones covered in the local fauna. No wonder they had been difficult to find from orbit. Clausuel and the other Talanosans longed to explore, but Lavena wanted to press on to the bunker, saying they’d come back later and survey.

They reached the arid area for which Lavena searched. She scanned for residual weapons and found none. This was just a natural desert, deep within a large landmass. Nothing unusual, no bomb had been dropped here as she’d dreaded. It looked strange after the green forests and grasslands they crossed to get here. In the distance was a mountain range.
‘It’s secure.’ Lavena sounded relieved.
‘Why wouldn’t it be?’ asked Clausuel.
‘The aftermath of war, was that why you became so anti-technology?’
‘You’re nervous.’
‘Excited, wondering what we’ll find here.’
‘I worry my mother might have been right.’
‘I could understand your Laws if you’d had a conflict, but where are the signs. There must be worlds where war hasn’t touched, but this is the first I’ve known.’ Lavena felt an odd sense of déjà vu again.
‘There are many stars, maybe a perfect race evolved without conflicts, if so they’d be godlike.’
She searched her soul after that remark. ‘Yes.’
‘A dream, even if you believe it’s impossible.’
‘Do I?’
It puzzled Claus, ‘You’ve changed, and that scares you.’
‘No, it gives me hope.’

Lavena was used to entering dangerous places. Most of her “salvage” operations involved the same risks. These environ-suits were much easier to wear than the ones she’d had before. The soldiers and acolytes hated them.
The bunker wasn’t in the desert but constructed under a higher mountain than the one at Pelagora. Lavena set up camp near what she assumed was the entrance. They’d brought tents of Talanos design that looked incongruous beside the surface craft.

She went over her plans. ‘This is a way in, and as the ridge is large enough to park on we’ll fly instead of climbing. I doubt there’s an atmosphere. The reason there was in Pelagora was that the Misami used it.’
‘What if there are other Misami?’ Asked Adsa, a sensible man whom Lavena could rely on to ask the right questions.
‘If there’s air, we need to be careful. That’s why I want your soldiers deployed to protect the acolytes. The first task is to find the on switch. You’re familiar with the workings of Pelagora, this place should be similar.’
Again, Adsa focused on the challenges, ‘You’ve mentioned traps.’
‘Yes, we move with care. We start as soon as it’s light.’

Their tent gave the couple welcome privacy. Lavena woke early and tried not to disturb Clausuel.
‘I’m not asleep,’ he said, looking at her. ‘You’re anxious again.’
‘Not nervous, excited - back to doing what I am used to, but more important than robbing graves.’
‘Will we send people here?’
‘I can’t say until we explore. I’m getting impatient. If we don’t find any “goo” to eat we’ll only be able to leave a few here and come back with supplies.’
‘I worry mother may be right, if we set up different settlements, one day our peoples might separate, and in that lies the danger.’
‘That won’t be our problem, Claus, let the future take care of itself.’ Lavena felt odd again. She had taken lives, killed, and here she was talking of peace for her children. Did she regret what she had done, what she had to do?
‘The past is over,’ Clausuel tried to calm her.
‘I wonder if my birth mother would’ve been proud of me and my step-mum too. Dad had to do the same, sacrifice his morals to survive. Yet before he died, he knew he’d become what he hated. Plantana was right, I’m doing the same, riding roughshod over the beliefs that gave you peace for millennia. I should’ve tried to meet her halfway.’
‘Now you have.’

She stood alien-like in her environ-suit in the shallow cave that led to the entrance. Her scanner registered nothing past the thick Plasteele door. She searched for the same entry system as Pelagora and found it full of sand. After brushing and blowing the powder out, she used the code from her bunker to open it, expecting it not to work. She jumped with surprise when it moved. The hatchway shuddered, held fast with dirt, and then opened to show blackness.
Lavena stared inside and was about to move forward when a soldier stepped in front.
‘Captain, I am expendable but you are not.’ His face looked contorted in the light from his mask.
‘Thank you Adsa.’
Lavena followed him into the tunnel.

It was very like Pelagora from her scans, but the first mummified body was a shock. Tech revealed it was shot in the back with a simple weapon, a metal projectile far too primitive for these bunker people. It appeared human but presented with different DNA too. Most others were modern human, as were Suelyn and the crew. She too had differing genes, she’d avoided that fact for a long while and now wondered again, were they from her birth mother. She was wrong, there had been a war. Prantana was right; they’d left it to Lavena to open Pandora’s box again.

She found the on switch. There was no Misami, no Egg, just a burial place. A tomb she recognised as home as she did Pelagora. This bunker was bigger, it had many more space capable ships and faster atmospheric vehicles too, everything dreamed of and more. And the crystal still throbbed, untraceable, waiting.

She left the acolytes and soldiers to continue the search and taking off her mask retraced her steps to outside where Clausuel waited. He saw from her smile she’d found what she desired.






Epilogue


The huge underground bunker impressed Carnos and Sark, it was larger than any Varos Base. The enthusiastic young Astrans working on the project were right to be excited. This was the product of a highly developed culture.
Sark’s grandson Canast was the group leader and summed up what they’d found.
‘Liveable planets in these sectors are interesting, but this is the only advanced civilisation. And is older than the others by a long way. They spread many smaller bunker cities over this world. We have so far explored twenty-four. And above ground, ruins of what appear to be primitive metropolises. But, we’d never have worked it out without the data of this matriarch Lavena. She never found out who she was, but she left enough evidence for us to work out, she was part Litza.’
Carnos and Sark looked at each other, and Carnos asked, ‘Have you discovered any other Litza genes?’
‘Yes, but not as strong as Lavena. These people lived longer than humans. This planet was a long way from The Trust sector from where she originated, we found no Litza there. The Trust controlled many liveable spheres in four solar systems and many mining operations elsewhere. Lavena, and later her family, chronicled their history. These bunkers are the same age, fifty thousand years. Lavena didn’t realise how old they were at first. She discovered equipment in the first bunker dating back two thousand years, but far more advanced than she was familiar with. It wasn’t until she located ones that hadn’t been re-used that she understood what happened. There had been several reuses and they told unique histories. We’ll search all and compare our results with hers. She did thorough science and documented it well, coming to that conclusion, after finding this larger city showing signs of war between races. We will use her work to find the most remarkable ones first. She mentions they differ. I’ll show you the logs later, interesting reading, some of the Anagorans were telepaths as she was, those with Litza genes we assume. They had a serious threat from a people called the Zun, a failing race, not long after she found the first base. Among the advanced technology they found, included a planet web defence, which helped keep them secure from threats. We’ve found the Zun planet and will soon excavate, but early scans show them to be similar in ability to The Trust people. Why I wanted you to come is we can’t leave this equipment here to fall into the hands of any aggressors. I wondered if we should move everything to Astras?’
‘What about The Trust people?’ asked Carnos.
‘One world is still workable, mainly farmers, little technology. Like here on Anagora when Lavena arrived, they preferred a simpler life.’
‘What happened to Lavena’s people?’
‘Moved off-world a thousand years after her time. We worried at first, but they added data to the logs Lavena started, that they needed to find a fresh planet. There were several reasons, mainly failing climate. It went through an Ice Age for a few thousand years, recovered now. Flourishing, with wildlife, and beautiful landscapes. Ready for resettlement.’
‘Which adds another question.’ suggested Sark.
‘It’s a long way from Astras, but a good idea for later,’ Carnos had made his mind up, and he looked at Sark for his opinion.
‘Yes, I agree, we move everything we can, and leave the bunkers locked for potential future settlement. In the meantime, we use the most convenient as a Varos Base.’
It relieved Canast. ‘We’ll set up a permanent centre when we decide which best suits the purpose. We’d like to find where these people settled, hopefully, they progressed well.’
‘How much needs to be taken to Astras?’ Sark wasn’t fazed by the enormity of the task, the Black Ship’s holds were endless.
‘We are unsure until we finish, but there still is a great deal of equipment in this one. They took several of the larger ships and smaller shuttles when they moved off-world. The indications from the data are everyone left. That was around four thousand years ago. We’ve done a tally of what we found, but there may be many more. We need more scientists, when we started here we didn’t understand what an interesting part of the Galaxy this was, and maybe still is.’
‘I agree,’ said Carnos, ‘we might find more Litza too, they used to be far-ranging.’
‘I think Doella will be interested,’ Sark smiled. ‘An excellent assessment. Are you happy to continue in your role? You’ve been away from home awhile, and we miss you.’
‘Yes, I’ll stay until we sort out extra staff and check every bunker. I have a friend. I’ll introduce you, grandad, we intend to marry once we settle back on Astras.’


cc. copyright 2020
