Time Jumpers
Episode 3: A Small Navigation Error
Published by Philip Bosshardt at Smashwords
Copyright 2019 Philip Bosshardt
Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

A few words about this series….

1.Time Jumpers is a series of 20,000-30,000-word episodes detailing the adventures of Ultrarch-Jump Captain Monthan Dringoth and his crew and their experiences as time jumpers with the Time Guard.
2.Each episode will be about 40-60 pages, approximately 25,000 words in length.
3.A new episode will be available and uploaded every 4 weeks.
4.There will be 12 episodes.  The story will be completely serialized in about 12 months.
5.Each episode is a stand-alone story but will advance the greater theme and plot of the story arc.  
6.The main plotline: Time Guard must defeat the enemy Coethi and stop their efforts to disrupt or eliminate Uman settlements in the Galactic Inner Spiral and Lower Halo sectors of Uman space.  
7.Uploads will be made to www.smashwords.com on approximately the schedule below:

Episode #	Title						Approximate Upload Date
1.            ‘Marooned in Voidtime’ 			February 1, 2019	
2.            ‘Keaton’s World’				March 1, 2019
3.            ‘A Small Navigation Error’ 			April 15, 2019
4.            ‘Cygnus Rift’ 					May 3, 2019
5.            ‘The Time Guard’				May 31, 2019
6.            ‘First Light Corridor				June 28, 2019
7.            ‘Hapsh’m and the First Coethi Encounter’	August 2, 2019
8.            ‘Operation Galactic Hammer’		August 30, 2019
9.            ‘Byrd’s Draconis’				September 27, 2019		
10.            ‘First Jump Squadron’			November 1, 2019
11.            ‘Planck Time’					November 29, 2019
12.            ‘The Time Twister’				January 3, 2020

Chapter 1: “The River of No Man Passes”

“We behold what we are and we are what we behold.”
							The Bhagavad Gita

Time Stream Unknown
T-date: Unknown

Monthan Dringoth was alone.  Alone in a way no human ever had been before.
Trying to escape the collapse of the Hollows when the Time Twister was turned on the labyrinth, Dringoth, Surat, Yang and Chagos dove through the time fissure buried inside Gibbons’ Grotto and soon found themselves riding a dragon’s tail, a chaotic and convulsive seam of time called The Flux.  In their jolt days back at the Academy, both Surat and Dringoth had spent part of one summer ducking into and out of time streams, just to get a taste of what time jumping was all about.
For Dringoth, it always led to a day of bad headaches. It was known officially as TST—Temporal Survival Training.  Second-year jolts called it the Flux Tube.
The purpose of the Flux Tube was to teach jolts how to survive alone in a time stream outside of a jumpship, clad only in a hypersuit.  The Flux Tube itself was like an extended airlock, attached to the side of a jumpship and fitted to the lockout chamber on the ship’s F deck.  
Two scared jolts were ensconced inside the Tube.
After making several jumps across time streams, said jolts were discharged into the time stream and left on their own for several days to a week.  All they possessed were the normal complement of equipment that came with a hypersuit…and each other.   The ship soon disappeared.
Training said that the proper procedure for a jolt marooned in a time stream without a ship was to survive and return to the original time stream by using temporal navigation, by analyzing the convergence rates of worldlines around them, and by judicious use of their own suit boost to effect what the instructors like to call ‘chronometric maneuvering.’
Yeah, right.
Flux was the term given by temporal physics to the turbulent boundary region between known time streams.
The conditions of the TST exercise required jolts to: 1.  Provide all needed sustenance for themselves and their buddies; 2. Correctly analyze and take sightings of the time stream and maneuver successfully through several flux boundaries and time streams using only their hypersuits; and 3. Return to the original temporal coordinates in a set time period, hopefully in one piece.
For TST, jolts were grouped into squads of four.  Buddy-jumping was the rule of the day.  Mutual support and cooperation were required to survive and was expected.  TST never involved voidtime or anything like an Evans-Klein fissure…they were too dangerous.
Now, Dringoth floated silently alone, somewhere and somewhen.  Four of them had gone through the fissure inside the Hollows on Gibbons’ Grotto.
So where were the other three?
As a young child, Monthan Dringoth had always loved taking a bath.  Lots of words could describe the feeling: security, serenity, safety, warmth, cocoon.  Not words a three-year old would use, but you get the idea.
Thoughts like these and others came to Dringoth.  He was a little disoriented. 
Where am I?  What is this?
He remembered stepping through the fissure inside the Hollows…Surat, Yang, Chagos, they had all been there…the cave…the brilliant light….
He decided to try a coupler link to Yang.  All he got was static.
For sure, this was no TST exercise but the words of Jump Commander Sims, his instructor, kept coming back to him.  Maybe taking a warm bath as a three-year old wasn’t the best way to describe being adrift in some unknown time stream.  Try this: buried under the covers on a cold winter morning.  No?  How about stumbling about in a darkened bedroom trying to find your slippers?  Or: getting separated from your Mom and Dad on the boardwalk at Loch Lithgow for three hours, with all the panic and frantic worry.  Or: locked in a closet by your big sister, fumbling around with jackets and coat hangers.
Monthan Dringoth decided to try a more logical approach to figuring this out.
I think, therefore I am.  At least, he thought he was thinking.  I have a mind.  I have thoughts.  But there was more.  Something more than his thoughts.  Was somebody else in here?  That was ridiculous.
I have sensations.  Hot, cold, hard, soft.  Try to analyze this.
A snatch of memory came to him: The rhythms at which time flows are determined by the gravitational field, a real entity with its own dynamic that is described by the equations of Einstein.  If we overlook quantum effects, time and space are aspects of a great jelly in which we are immersed.  But the world is a quantum one and gelatinous spacetime is also an approximation.  There is neither space nor time—only processes that transform physical quantities from one to another… 
Gelatinous spacetime?  Where the hell did that come from?  I must have read that.
Now, he was sure of it.  There was someone else out there here.  Just a snatch of voice, a snippet whispering in the ether—
“Does anybody hear me… out there—"
It was Alicia Yang.
“Yang!  I hear you…tune your coupler…you’re very faint.”
Dringoth kicked himself around to look everywhere, then stopped the rotation with a pulse of his suit boost.  Something shadowy crept across his field of vision, across the starfield.
“How’s this, Captain?  Am I coming in better?”
“Much better.  Where are you?”
Some mumbling and fumbling.  “I think…I don’t know, maybe a couple hundred meters behind you.  Make a gesture or something, so I can see you.”
Dringoth waved his arms and kicked his legs for a moment.  He didn’t want to do too much of that.  Suit boost wouldn’t last forever.
“Ah—”
A few minutes later, his legs were brushed by something and he looked down.  It was Yang, in her hypersuit.  As they had been trained, the two of them grabbed one another and counter-maneuvered to stop their mutual spin.
“I’m just glad to see you…glad to see anyone.”
Yang’s face was pale and drawn inside her helmet, but the smile was unmistakable.  “Me too, sir.  Where are we?”
Dringoth shrugged, a useless gesture in a hypersuit.  “Beats me.  Some time stream, I suppose…that looks like flux over there—” He pointed to a faint ribbon that looked like a cloud of bubbles boiling in a thunderstorm.  “We must be near a boundary of some type.  Hopefully, not voidtime.  I was trying to remember whatever I learned at the Academy about Evans-Klein fissures.”
“Aren’t they supposed to be theoretical?”
“I’d say we just proved the theory.”
With all the voice traffic chirping on the coupler, one after the other, Surat and Chagos finally made contact and made their way to the small group.  
Surat was thoughtful.  “Reminds me of TST…buddy-jumping and all that.”
“I thought the same thing,” Dringoth said.  “We need to find out where we are…and when we are.”
Surat said, “I put Chagos to work on that a few moments ago, while we were still approaching your position.  Sergeant--?”
The jumpmaster drifted scant meters away, using his wristpad and helmet scope to sight along a worldline converging ahead of them, measuring their angle to the line. “Sir, best estimate puts us in timestream T-4487…or something higher.  The angles along my rhumb line converge to that point, pretty closely.”
Dringoth felt an involuntary shudder.  Something pricked his memory, something about that particular time stream.  
Surat studied their surroundings.  All of them seemed to be floating motionless in a black void, but they knew that was an illusion, for they were in fact hurtling down the rapids of some time stream toward a fate not yet known.  “There’s an ancient Hindu saying about all this…they called a place like this ‘The River of No Man Passes.’ 
Alicia Yang shivered and turned up the heater inside her suit.  “Gives me the creeps, if you ask me.  I never liked that Flux Tube anyway.”  She fought back the rising tide of panic by following an old time jumper’s trick: quietly reciting the Code of Conduct….
“Time jumpers don’t leave any troopers behind…time jumpers fight only the enemy…time jumpers don’t harm those who surrender….”
She found that by repeating well-known phrases and verses—the Time Jumper’s Code, favorite songs and nursery rhymes, pieces of well-known speeches—she could occupy her mind enough to keep from dwelling on the fact that they were completely lost in some time stream, seemingly lost in space, with no way out.
After she grew tired with that, she started describing what she was seeing, sort of a Captain’s Log of sights and sounds.  
“Well, there’s a lot of stars, to begin with.   Stars and galaxies and things I have no idea what they are.  Spirals and pinwheels and barred spirals and blobs and globs of stars.  I keep wondering about that black hole or singularity or whatever the hell it is over there to my right…what is a black hole doing in the middle of a time stream?  It has to mean something….”
Dringoth recognized the signs in her voice right away.  Flux phobia.
“Alicia…stop.  Jumpmaster Yang, get a hold of yourself…that’s an order.”
Then something beeped in her ears.  Suit sensors had picked up something.  The beeping snatched her away from the panic that had been growing inside.
“Got a sensor hit, Captain.  Just now.”  She torqued her body to probe the signal strength.  “Bearing…jeez, I have no idea.  Out there, directly along this vector—” She raised an arm and held it out straight as the hypersuit would permit.  “That way, sir…something solid.  And big.”
Surat had seen the indications on his own suit sensors.  “We should maneuver off this trajectory…if we should—”
Chagos shouted.  “There…right there!  See that shadow, just crossing that nebula thing.”
Now all eyes were watching as the four of them drifted toward an object that grew alarmingly in size with every eyeblink. 
For a brief moment, Dringoth felt his heart stop.  Cold panic sat in the pit of his stomach like a lump of ice.  There was something familiar about the shape of the object. 
It was a ship.  
Surat put a voice to what they were all thinking.  “It looks like a jumpship.  Older model, too…see those flowvaters on the side?  Time Guard did away with those pieces of junk three generations ago.”
Chagos observed, “We are closing awfully fast, Lieutenant.”
Dringoth had seen that too.  “We can’t pass up this opportunity.  Everybody link up.  Link arms.  Keep our combined center of mass aligned…when I give the count, we’ll all fire our suit boost together and try to decelerate.”
“We’ll only get one shot at this,” Surat said.  “If the timing’s off at all…”
“Don’t even think it,” Dringoth warned.  “Hold on…five…four…three…two…one…Fire!”
As one, the four time jumpers fired their hypersuit boost together.  The thrust set them to spinning slightly, a slow roll about an axis that went through Chagos…the jumpmaster hadn’t pulled his center of mass in close enough.  
“Tighter!” Dringoth yelled, gesturing at the jumpmaster, who finally complied, realizing that if they didn’t align themselves properly, they would pass above the ship and miss it entirely.  The ship and the time jumpers were speeding along on completely different trajectories and who knew if they’d have enough boost to make any corrections.
“Here it comes!” Surat cried.
The ship loomed up out of the starfield like a fat seed, her planes and vanes sticking out like a surprised porcupine.  
“Grab that—” Dringoth spied the rudder coming up fast.  “The rudder--!”
“Hold on!”
“I can’t quite--!”
Somehow, one after another, the time jumpers managed to snag protrusions along the ship’s hull as she streaked by.  Yang winced as the transfer of momentum twisted a shoulder muscle violently but she managed to hang on, clinging to a handle on what would later turn out to the ship’s lockout.
Dringoth found himself ensnared between the rudder and an aft flow vane, caroming back and forth like a wayward billiard ball until he could damp out the oscillations, which he did with more suit boost and a lot of grunting and swearing.
Surat and Chagos both clung precariously to flow vanes amidships.
That’s when Surat spied some numbers on the ship’s hull, streaked, barely legible, scorched in places, but for all that still decipherable. 
TG 088.
Whoever she was, Surat told himself, as he and Chagos clambered around the girth of the hull and hooked up with Dringoth and Yang, she had been through a lot.
Yang announced her position.  “Hey, I think I’m at the lockout here.”
“All hands, close on Yang’s position,” Dringoth said.  “Alicia, can you operate the handle?”
“I’m trying…this blasted suit’s so stiff….”
“Here,” said Surat, “we’ll give you a hand.”
It took all four of them, but in time and with a mighty heave, they managed to operate the handle, opening the outer hatch of the lockout and slipping inside the lockout chamber.  One after another, the jumpers closed the outer hatch, cycled the lockout air—fortunately it still seemed to work, and fell through the inner hatch to the gridwork floor inside F deck.
The place smelled like burnt gunpowder.
Dringoth wrinkled his nose and sat up, fingering the quick-disconnect on his helmet and tossing the hat aside.  
Why do I have such a bad feeling about this place?
Surat sat next to him.  “Captain, I saw part of a hull number just before we came in…TG 088, I think.”
0-88?  Dringoth took a deep breath.  It did look awfully familiar.  “I believe I know this ship.  It’s Majoris.”
Surat looked perplexed.  “The Majoris?  Battle of the Gauntlet and all that?”
Dringoth picked himself up, making sure that Yang and Chagos were all right.  They lay prone just inside the lockout hatch, groaning and struggling to get themselves up.
“I’m pretty sure,” he said.  “That fissure must have taken us right into T-4487.”
Surat shook his head, began unzipping his way out of his own hypersuit, which clumped to the floor when he was out.  “But the Bugs must have been using that fissure for a long time, centuries the eggheads said.”
Dringoth was already cycling open the inner hatch, peering out onto F deck, running his hands along the bulkhead, the pipes and ship’s fittings.  “Probably so.  But remember your history.  In T-4487—what was that…about 2802 CE, roughly, this time stream was thick with Bugs and we were fighting them all along half a dozen worldlines.  If the Bugs were using the fissure to maneuver across time streams without being detected, it makes sense some of them would be coming from T-4487, from encounters back then.  They were infiltrating the Sturdivant system across time streams to confront us on every front, push us back from this sector.  It makes sense tactically, sort of.”
Surat followed Dringoth cautiously out onto F deck.  Gear was strewn about the floor.  Consoles were smashed.  Wiring drooped from slashed ceiling tiles.  There were scorch marks along the far bulkhead.  The hypersuit lockers were open…and empty.
“Look at the lockers,” Dringoth said.  “No hypersuits.  It’s just like I remember.  We had to abandon ship.  The whole crew—the ones who had survived—left Majoris in hypersuits.  We were adrift for a long time…”  Dringoth closed his eyes, feeling with his hands along the edges of the lockers.  “A very long time.”
Alicia Yang was inspecting the plasma power plant casing in the next compartment.  “No juice here, Captain.  Dead as dirt.”
“You’ll find the whole ship’s dead, Alicia,” he replied.  “Singularity core, main power, maneuvering, propulsors, collapsers.  At least we seem to have life support.”
“For the moment,” said Chagos, examining an oxygen bank.  “I’m not sure how long we’ll have that.”
Surat peered up the gangway tunnel.  “You’re sure this is Majoris, Captain?”
“Pretty sure.  We got swarmed bad back then.  Got caught right in the middle of a main axis of attack.  Time Guard had other ships, but they were engaged too.”  Dringoth closed his eyes, steadied himself on the bulkhead.  The memory came back clear, all too clear.  The smells, the screams, the bulkheads collapsing and the high-pressure squeal of emergency air flasks flooding all compartments.  “Bugs just swamped us before we could respond.  Came out of nowhere. Disrupters came first.  They smashed our propulsors, knocked out maneuvering.  I gave the order to abandon ship and the air was getting thin…Bugs had cracked our hull, eaten right through it in sections.  We cycled outside.”  Dringoth swallowed hard, tugging at his moustache. “I was the last one out, but we left some behind.  Couldn’t do anything for them.”
Surat frowned.  “If this is Majoris and if this is T-4487, does that mean that somewhere around here, we might find another Captain Dringoth and his crew, drifting around the time stream?”
Dringoth shrugged.  “We don’t know where we are in the time stream, which worldline we’re on.  This worldline may be after Time Guard rescued us…God, what a sight.  Andromeda and Libra, pulling up to our bedraggled crew, hauling us aboard.  I never saw a prettier pair of jumpships in my life.”
Yang had come back from the power plant compartment shaking her head.  “No dice in there, Skipper.  She’d have to be drydocked for months to fix all the damage.”
Chagos seemed resigned.  “So what do we do now, Captain?  Are we marooned here?”
Dringoth shook his head.  “One thing I remember from that time: stay busy.  Crews that keep busy don’t have time for panic or any of those other bad things.  Let’s reconnoiter the ship, see what we have, what’s working and can be repaired.  Chagos, you start with life support.  Majoris’ hull was compromised so I want to know why we even have air aboard now.  Check that out.  Yang, you and Lieutenant Surat, come with me.  We’ll inspect this rust bucket from bow to stern.”
The crew set to work.  Chagos did extensive troubleshooting of her life support system, and found that somehow, when Dringoth and Majoris’ original crew had abandoned her, the self-repair features of the ship’s AI… ISAAC… had been initiated.  Though her crew had abandoned her, ISAAC had used the ship’s own maintenance bots and nano to patch her hull and re-pressurize the ship.  Chagos checked the hull patches and found them still secure.  
“ISAAC, you did a bang-up job,” the jumpmaster muttered.  To his surprise, the AI answered; the system was still functioning and active.
***All systems off-nominal…effecting repairs per MRO protocol M-9922…voice command ‘REPORTS’ for all archived records…***
This was welcome news and Chagos promptly reported it to Dringoth.
 One deck after another, Dringoth, Surat and Yang inspected the ship, every system, every console, all the bulkheads and hull fittings.  A through F decks were closely examined and logs made of all needed repairs.  The logs would turn out to be extensive and depressing.
Dringoth gathered the three others in the crews’ mess on B deck and, along with ISAAC, ran down the list.
“We’re just barely functional,” Yang said to all of them.  “Even ISAAC can’t work miracles.  Flow vanes out, propulsors mostly shot, power plant dead, singularity core banked…we won’t be able to re-start that without major overhaul…and a new core.”
Surat’s shoulders slumped.  “That means no time jumps.”
Dringoth listened to the whole litany of ISAAC’s report.  It was all too depressing.  “At least, we do have some attitude control.  Replicators and fabs seem to be functional, so we have food, medicine and other essentials.”
Chagos added, “Wet stores are gone but we have some dry stories.  Plus the ANAD containment chambers appear to be intact.  We’ve got basic nano and that’s good news.”
Surat said, “I can see why you abandoned Majoris, Captain.”
Dringoth stiffened.  “Hey, she was a good ship.  She just took a hit she couldn’t deal with.”
“Something else, Captain,” Chagos reported.  “I just came from E deck.  Checking out the machine shop, all the engineering stores.  It looks like we have some collapser capacity.  I don’t know what good that will do but there it is.”
Dringoth verified that with ISAAC.
***System is off-nominal…estimating capacity at forty-five percent.  Coils are degraded and will require repair or replacement…chronotron pods offline at this time, will need careful re-alignment and re-energizing…deflector controls not tracking within specified parameters…***
“Okay, okay, ISAAC…I get the picture.  But they might can be repaired.”
“What good does that do us?” Alicia asked.
Dringoth had a face that Yang, in her four years of serving with the 0-6 from K-World, had seen before, a face that usually meant something truly crackpot was coming.  You could tell it from his eyes, from the little wrinkles around his eyes and how they converged right at the edge of his eyebrows, little clefts of skin that almost seemed to quiver. 
“Captain, I’ve seen that face of yours before.”
Surat noticed it too.  “An idea?”
Dringoth went to a nearby fab and dialed up a mug of hot tea.  He sipped it tentatively, inhaling the aroma through a cloud of steam.  “A hunch.  Call it a hunch.  Maybe a daydream even…or gut logic.”  He patted his little midriff paunch with a chuckle.
“Something about the collapsers,” decided Chagos.  The jumpmaster was picking at a small piece of fruit on his plate.
Dringoth said, “Just this.  Think with me.  What happens if you’re floating down a river and someone puts up a dam downstream?”
Yang said, “The water has to go somewhere else.  It flows out of its banks.  It spreads out.”
“True enough.  Now what happens to the water when you add enough locks, canals and dams?  Which way does the water flow?”
Surat had the first inkling of what Dringoth was driving at.  “If it’s done right, all those canals and locks and dams can cause the water to reverse course.”
“Precisely.  If we can repair the collapsers, I believe we can do the same thing to this time stream.”
Chagos shook his head in disbelief.  “Pardon me, sir, but that’s insane.  Reverse the flow of time?  We can use jumpships to jump back and forth in time, but to actually reverse the flow of time itself…I mean, time streams aren’t like rivers.  In Temporal Physics class, we learned that time is more like a big ball of jelly.”
“True enough,” said Dringoth, “but when you’re in a big jam like we are, you have to try things.”
Surat stabbed the air with a finger.  “Didn’t we have some theoretical exercises like that at the Academy?”
Dringoth smiled mischievously.  “We did indeed.  Temp Tactics.  Major Beregevoi.”
“That grizzled old Russian bear.  But those were just lab exercises.  What ifs.”
“Precisely.  But remember the premise: use your collapsers to pinch off a time stream at the right point, with enough backup and force, to knock your ship backward in time.  No jumping.  No need for a singularity engine.  Just reverse the time stream by squeezing all the worldlines at the same time, at the same place, and ride the rapids back upstream, earlier in time.”
Chagos was skeptical.  He blinked hard.  “I still say that’s insane.  Even if we could do that, what would we gain by it?”
“Just this:  I think we came through that fissure to a point in this time stream after we had already abandoned Majoris.  The Battle of the Gauntlet was already over.  Before, we were rescued by two jumpships homing on our emergency beacons, and the faint residual effects Majoris’ damage had done to the time stream and the flux boundaries.  I can’t explain how that happened; it was a million to one shot.  It was not possible, but it happened.  Before.”
Chagos said, “But Captain, if it happened before, it should happen again.”
Dringoth shook his head.  “I don’t want to take that chance.  If this worldline’s off by just a fraction from the one before, we may never be discovered.  We may drift around for eternity.  No way to jump.  No way to signal anybody.  I don’t want to chance that.”
Surat said, “Captain, even if we could reverse the time stream, reverse the worldline, wouldn’t that mean fighting the Battle of the Gauntlet all over again?  That doesn’t seem like such a great idea.”
“Maybe not.  But I have a better understanding of Bug tactics now.  I won’t be caught by surprise again, not like before.  And Time Guard will have ships all around us.  Other ships…that gives us a better chance of being rescued.”
Surat squinted up at Dringoth through the steam of his tea cup.  “This wouldn’t be about clearing your reputation, would it, Captain?  Re-fighting the Battle again, with how many years of knowledge and forethought, to effect a different outcome?  I read those reports.  I saw what Time Guard did to you after the Battle.”
Dringoth’s lips tightened.  “I have no idea what you’re talking about.  All I’m saying is let’s try it…it may be our only chance for rescue.  Call if a modified ‘flytrap’ maneuver.  Repair our collapsers if we can and use them to pinch off this time stream and force Majoris back up this worldline to a point in time where we have some support.”  He finished his tea and set the cup down on the counter with a thump.  “And kick those bastard Bugs in the teeth the way we should have before.”

Repairing the collapsers took several days and a lot of finagling, coaxing, jerry-rigging and swearing.  One afternoon, buried deep inside the collapser housing on E deck, draped in wire bundles and dust, Vijay Surat saw through an opening that Dringoth’s knees were shaking as the Captain swore and mumbled and grumbled while worrying a balky converger coil into position.  
“Say, Dringoth, tell me something.”
Dringoth’s voice came back muted, with strain as he wrestled the gear into place.  “What’s that?”
“I always wondered how an almost-legend like you wound up in Time Guard in the first place.  You’re a K-Worlder, aren’t you?”
“Born and bred.”
Surat sat back against a bulkhead, wiped his face with sweaty, greasy hands.  “Wasn’t your father Pyotr Dringoth?”
“The one.  Knew Oscar Keaton personally.  The two of them did a lot of the initial exploring trips into the Hollows on the Grotto.”
“Your mother was famous too, I seem to recall.”
Now Dringoth stepped back from the coil, turned around and rested himself against the housing.  Dozens of contact leads dangled from patch box.  He fiddled with some of them, wiped his face with a rag.
“If you want to call the creator of scope famous.  Infamous might be better.”
Surat sniffed.  “Well, scope was originally used to help the mind uploaders, condition their brains and neural circuits for the Big Switch.  I’d call that pretty important.”
“Until everybody figured out it was so freakin’ addictive, they didn’t want to stop.”
“So what got you off K-World and into Time Guard?  You must have done something pretty bad.”
Dringoth smiled faintly, continued wiping his face and eyes.  “It was more what I didn’t do.  When you have two famous parents and some overachieving siblings, you have to get out and make a name for yourself.  Shipped out for Frontier Corps soon as I could, signed on to a freighter crew making the rounds of the Sturdivant system.  I started out a robotics’ mate but after awhile, I was able to work myself up to a kind of command position.”
“And the rest is history, huh?”
Dringoth winced at the memory.  “I don’t know why I’m telling you this.   I did eventually wind up in command of a small corvette, the Lalande, which I skippered for about five terr.  Until—”
Surat snapped a finger.  “The Lalande, of course.  She crashed, didn’t she?  Right into some rockpile asteroid in the Boru system?”
“Hey, it was just a small navigation error.  Nobody proved anything.  But I got cashiered out of the Corps from that, the ingrates.  It was just an accident.”
“Accidents seem to have a way of following you around.”
Dringoth didn’t take too kindly to that and bent to his contact leads, sorting then out methodically.  “Coincidence, that’s all.  Just statistics.”
“And a few lives lost too.  You went from there to Time Guard?”
Dringoth didn’t answer for a few moments, busily fussing over some balky leads.  Finally: “I left the Corps and wound up trapped in a dead-end job on Sturdivant Eleven, mining camp cook, bot repairmen, I wore a lot of hats.  This was maybe, oh I don’t know…maybe ten terr after the Incident at Hapsh’m, the first real encounter with the Bugs.  Before the Gauntlet.  Yeah, I left Sturdivant Eleven and signed on with the Guard.”  He turned around and looked fiercely at Surat.  “Best move I ever made.”
“Well, you wanted to become famous in your own right.  I’d say you succeeded.  Tell me, Dringoth, what really happened at the Gauntlet?  Was it as bad as the vids say?”
Dringoth shrugged.  “It was worse, Vijay.  A lot worse.  The Bugs must have popped out of voidtime.  I was exec on the Majoris at the time.  Mondez was captain, but he got himself killed early on and I had to take over.  Bugs literally came out of nowhere.  We were enveloped in a main swarm, completely surrounded.  They were chewing away on the hull before anybody could react.”
“You weren’t the only ship there.”
“No Pollux and Andromeda were there too.”  Dringoth closed his eyes, hearing and feeling the battle, as if it were yesterday.  “They both got off some HERF rounds.  Magpulse too, but all it did was make the Bugs mad.  The bastards went after the other ships too so they had to withdraw, but it was too late for us.  Our hull was compromised.  Our weapons were gone.  The core was offline so we couldn’t jump.  Oh, they squeezed us good, Vijay.  Real good.  I gave the order to abandon ship and we got the hell out of there.”
“Then you were marooned in that time stream…this time stream.”
Dringoth nodded.  “T-4487.  I’ll never forget it.  Just drifting around in our suits for days on end, just like we did out there.  We had to stay together.  We had to keep our sanity.  It wasn’t pretty, what we had to do.  And we lost a few.”  Dringoth watched his fist clench around some contact leads, almost as if it were a thing with its own mind.  “Most of the crew was eventually saved.  The Guard eventually came looking for us, after the fleet had swept that sector clean of Bugs.”
“They gave you a Legion of Merit for keeping your crew alive through all that.  That should count for something.”
Dringoth snorted.  “I’d give that back and my right arm for another shot at the Bugs.  We never really had a chance.”
Surat was uneasy with Dringoth’s tone of voice.  “That’s what this is about, isn’t it?  Another chance.  We found ourselves back in the same time stream, maybe down the worldline a bit, but fate or statistics or dumb luck has given you a second chance.  Now you want to re-fight the Battle of the Gauntlet, see if you can’t make it turn out differently.”
“Don’t be ridiculous.  I want to get us back up the worldline to where there are ships and people who can rescue us.  Remember, I left my own crew back on Gibbon’s Grotto and I want to get back to them.”
Surat stood up.  “You know this whole idea of using the collapser is lunacy.  It was just a thought experiment, to think you could pinch off a time stream, roll up the worldlines tight enough to move backward in the stream to something earlier.  You’re going to wind up getting us all killed.”
Dringoth glared at the Lieutenant with scarcely concealed contempt.  “You got a better idea?”
Surat did not.

A day later, the jerry-rigged collapsers were pronounced satisfactory.  ISAAC did a post-mortem on the connections and announced that the work Surat and Dringoth had done was within operating specs.
***Converger output is off-nominal but within specifications…however, the emitters are not aligned properly and twist field output cannot be predicted with accuracy greater than sixty-four micro-arcseconds***
The entire crew had assembled on the command deck.  Dringoth buckled himself into the command chair, surveyed his console.  Surat sat across at the TT1 console, Chagos and Yang behind.  
“Sixty-four, huh?” Dringoth muttered.  “That’s good enough for the Time Guard inspectors.”
“Sir,” said Chagos, “if the twist fields are off too much, the worldlines won’t bend.  We’ll wind up being—”
Dringoth cut him off.  “I get the picture, Jumpmaster Chagos.  Just keep your eyes on those instruments.  We’ve got a finicky converger, emitters out of whack and barely enough juice from the power plant to heat a cup of tea.  I’m aware of all the problems.  Just stow the comments and pay attention, especially to the converger.  We get too far out of alignment and we’ll probably wind up in voidtime.”
“Or worse,” muttered Surat.
“Here goes—” Dringoth said.  “On my mark: five…four…three…two…one…cowabunga!”
Majoris’ collapser discharged at that moment.
“This is a really bad idea,” Surat muttered to himself.  If there were any hiccups--  
“Collapser on line, Captain,” Yang called up.  “Green across the board, however I must point out that power is fluctuating outside of operational limits.  There may be oscillator anomalies in the circuit…we should take time to check this out.”
“Not now,” came Dringoth back.  “Give me what you’ve got.”
Yang pressed SYSTEM ENABLE. 
Now Dringoth fell back on his training.  Using a temporal collapser was not for the faint of heart.  As Nathan Golich himself once said, “There are about a million things that can go wrong with this stunt.”
Majoris fired her collapser.  At once, time stream T-4487 shuddered like a coiled snake, jerking spasmodically, thrashing about enough to set Majoris into a slow roll.  Surat counteracted the force immediately.  Spacetime really didn’t like being snapped like a wet towel.  
Yang saw the results immediately on her sensor panel.  “Direct hit, Captain!  You did it!  You pinched the time stream approximately two years earlier along the worldline.”
Dringoth sucked in his breath and pursed his lips.  “Now we’ve got to really tug hard, before the worldlines fly apart or rebound.  Give me every joule that power plant has.”
Yang was right in the middle of wringing computations out of ISAAC when something slammed Majoris…hard.  Lights flashed on and off and the command deck went dark, with a faint hiss and burning smell thickening in the cabin, before backup power kicked in.
They were in a spin, increasing in rate and already the crew could feel centrifugal force building up.
“What the hell--!” Dringoth’s hands swept across his board, re-setting systems, checking busses and breakers, following diagnostic prompts.  ISAAC’s silky voice was barely audible over the warning klaxons of the Master Alarm.
“Displacer impact…I am assuming command per emergency protocol E-1…ship systems at degraded level…time stream interface approaching…contact in twelve seconds…eleven…ten….”
Surat was out cold.  Chagos was nursing a slight head injury; the impact of whatever had slammed them had sent him careening into a hull stanchion.  
Up front, Dringoth was conscious, barely, gritting his teeth against the centrifugal force.
Got to get Majoris under control…got to swing her back into the stream…before we hit the barrier wall….
Dringoth knew a bad situation when he saw it.  The ship had been hit by something—maybe  a Coethi displacer—had they ridden the worldline all the way back to the time of the Gauntlet?--and was now adrift and heading toward the outer barrier of the time stream.  If they hit, if they didn’t have good control…
He didn’t want to think about it.   
If it had been a displacer round that had hit them—time jumpers called it a twist loop—Majoris had likely been thrown a long way in space and time from her last position, to another time and place in the time stream and all his calculations would have been for zip.  They could easily be God knew where inside T-4487.  They could easily have been thrown completely out of T-4487 to another time stream.  Worse, if Majoris was near the edge of the time stream…oriented just the wrong way….
Monthan Dringoth heard Alicia Yang stirring behind him but he didn’t have time to help her.  He had to get Majoris under control…NOW…before she made contact with the outer wall of the time stream.
But contact came before he could bring the ship around.
In an instant, they were yanked out of the time stream, spinning, rolling and yawing liked a top. For Dringoth, the first impulse was like a giant fist had grabbed him and started squeezing.   He was whirling and spinning, dizzy, round and round, he could feel the force of the spin against his head, pressing, crushing him—
He had a fleeting glimpse of one of the crew—maybe it was Yang, maybe Chagos—and he nearly vomited at the sight.  It was all wrong…the image was wrong and his mind refused to accept it—there was Alicia, with two heads, now three, now four, now eight heads, popping out of her shoulders like geraniums in a fast motion video, Alicia Yang with her head missing, distorted in a cracked mirror, and he closed his eyes, couldn’t look at it anymore—
…and then it came.  An image of geometric forms—icosahedrons, polygons, trapezoids—all compressed into a tunnel, a long curving corridor and he found himself hurtling at breakneck speed down this corridor, until—
With a hard bump, his whole body jarred from the impact and when he opened his eyes, caught his breath and came to his senses, he was…where?
His last surviving thought came unbidden, like bad news from a doctor.
Voidtime.

When he came to, Monthan Dringoth felt the difference.  It wasn’t the instruments.  The panel was dark, the ship’s sensors detecting nothing, for there was literally nothing to detect outside.  But he could still feel something.  
From somewhere deep in his memory, Dringoth heard a voice…was it old man Jellicoe again?  Lecturing on time in that gruff, hoarse voice that reminded Dringoth of the grunts of cave bears on Gibbons Grotto:
“Listen up, jolts…it’s all thermal…it’s all entropy.  In relativistic physics, no variable plays the role of time.  We can actually reverse the relation between any macroscopic state and time; it’s not the evolution of time that determines a state, it’s the state itself—all that blurring caused by increasing entropy—that determines time….”
Dringoth shook himself awake and smiled ruefully.  You had to love old man Jellicoe.  He felt more than heard the stirrings of others behind him.
Surat sat up in his seat groggily.  He stared bleary-eyed at his console and said what no one wanted to hear.
“We’re in voidtime.”
Now Alicia Yang came to behind them and both heard her suck in some air in surprise.  There were mumbled curses, then, “Captain…I don’t think this is voidtime…I’m checking…looks like we have some damage.”  Yang had both engineer and maintenance ratings.  “I’ve got multiple system outages…main bus A and B undervolt…flow vanes offline, rudder gone, power plant at twenty-two percent…and the core…something’s happened to the core—”
Chagos stared at her.  “If we’re not in voidtime, where are we?”
Yang shook her head.  “I think we’re still in 4487…I’m getting sensor indications on my board.  Ripples, some kind of disturbance nearby…voidtime doesn’t have ripples.”
Dringoth had a sinking feeling and began to wonder.  “Check ISAAC, Alicia.  See if he sees any increased thermals, increases in electromagnetics, that sort of thing.”
ISAAC came back immediately.  ***Long-range scan indicates that the nearest formation is a diffuse cluster of discrete elements of mean size approximately twenty-five nanometers main dimension…smaller than normal dust particles.  Detecting increased energy levels in certain electromagnetic bands, consistent with assembler activity as we understand it.  Probability that this formation is a swarm of nanobotic elements now approaching seventy four percent.”
	“Swell,” Dringoth muttered.  “Vijay, I think we’re about to be swarmed.  My flytrap maneuver must have worked.  It looks like Majoris will have the dubious distinction of having a second shot at the Bugs.  One for the history books.  Let’s make it a good one—enable what’s left of our HERF and magpulse weapons.”
Fearing the worst, Dringoth wasn’t surprised when a large Coethi force popped out of voidtime and began closing on their position.
But before Majoris could open fire, the Bug formation had already loosed a volley of starballs and displacer rounds.
Surat had seen it.  “The bastards are trying to mess up the local time stream.”
“Not while I’m around,” Dringoth seethed.  He knew from his own history that Majoris had no choice but to engage. If memory served, she would be the only ship in this sector and they had to do whatever they could to stop the Bugs from destroying local time streams.  If they failed, Uman settlements in this sector, Uman ships, indeed all Umans, would wind up tossed off into voidtime.  Or they would cease to exist altogether, victims of the enhanced entropy weapons the Bugs possessed.  
Majoris, with a rookie and untested crew, unsure of their Captain’s real intentions, prepared to engage.

Chapter 2: “The Gauntlet”

“Tempus Regit.”
			Official Motto of the Time Guard

Time Stream T-4487
T-date: Estimated T-4-47-2802?

Monthan Dringoth felt alive in a way he hadn’t felt in years.  His console up on Majoris’ command deck was lit up like a festival tree, lights flashing patterns that could only indicate the Bugs had finally emerged from hiding in voidtime and swarmed into this sector in a massive, unstoppable formation, a cloud of bots fully a tenth of a lightyear in breadth, so said the ship’s sensors.
An historic battle was coming and Dringoth thanked the rejuvenated collapser on Majoris’ E deck for giving an old warhorse a chance to fight again and make things right this time.
The wounded jumpship, still unable to use her singularity core to make jumps, closed for battle one last time.
He had replayed these scenes countless times in the back of his mind, wargaming every possible scenario, reliving every second of the original encounter.  What had gone wrong?  Where had he messed up?  What indications had he missed?
Not this time, he swore to himself.
Surat said, “I’m sorry, Captain, did you say something?  ISAAC says HERF is not operable at this time. Magpulsers barely ticking over.  We should withdraw, fall back…wait for help from the fleet.”
“No,” Dringoth said, “I—we—did that before.  I didn’t react fast enough.  No, we may not have full weapons but we’ve got collapsers.  If I can pinch off the stream before the swarm fully emerges, maybe we can still trap the Bugs.”
Surat was dubious.  “May I remind the Captain that the enemy could simply pull back into voidtime-where our collapsers can’t reach—and re-emerge from another point.”
But Dringoth paid no attention, engrossed in the tactics of the moment.  “Not if I react fast enough…decapitate the stream fast enough.  ISAAC—?  What are we dealing with here?”
The ship’s AI said back, “Long-range scan indicates that the formation is a diffuse cluster of discrete elements of mean size approximately twenty-five nanometers main dimension…smaller than normal dust particles.  Formation is massive, adjusting for distortions along the voidtime boundary…I am estimating main axis is a swarm formation of approximately five to six hundred billion kilometers in extent.  The formation is still emerging from voidtime.  Centroid of emerging formation is four hundred twenty-two billion kilometers from the ship, bearing one eight eight relative.”
Dringoth considered that.  “Just like the Battle of the Gauntlet.  We got swarmed by something so big we couldn’t respond…we were enveloped in no time.”
Surat implored Dringoth.  “For the love of God, Captain, we have to withdraw.  We’re outmanned here.  We can’t re-fight a battle that’s already been decided.”
“Yes, we can,” Dringoth gritted out, studying his console.  “I’m sure we can do it right this time.  If this time stream is the same as before, T-4487, we’re the only ship in this sector.  Don’t you see that, Vijay?  We’re all that stands between the Bugs and all the Uman settlements in this sector…all the way from Sigma Albeth to 40 Omicron 2.  We don’t have a choice.  Alicia, status of collapsers?”
Yang manned the Defense and Protective Systems console several decks below, on E deck.  She studied her board.  She knew the collapsers weren’t operating at a hundred percent.  But the situation was critical and the Skipper needed them.  “Collapsers on line,” Captain,” she called up to the command deck.  “Green across the board, however, I must point out, sir, that power is still fluctuating outside of operational limits.  We should really check this out.”
“Not now,” came Dringoth back.  “Give me whatever you’ve got.  Enable the system.”
Yang did as ordered.
Now Dringoth fell back on all of his training, all his memory of what had happened. The tactic was similar to two Navy destroyers blocking a strait at either end, trapping an enemy ship in the middle, except for the fact that the enemy could pop off into voidtime at any moment.  You had to act fast.  
Surat couldn’t believe his eyes, couldn’t believe Dringoth would actually try this--
Majoris fired her collapsers.  At once, time stream T-4487 shuddered like a coiled snake, jerking spasmodically, thrashing about enough to set Majoris into a slow roll.  
Yang saw the results immediately on her sensor panel.  “Captain!  You did it!  You slammed the time stream almost three years earlier along this worldline.”
Dringoth sucked in his breath and pursed his lips.  “Now to get upstream…maybe three years out.  Give me a hack to that end of the worldline, Vijay.”
Surat shot a glance at Chagos, manning the Search and Surveillance station behind Dringoth, then went to work wringing computations out of ISAAC.  At that moment, something slammed Majoris…hard.  Lights flashed on and off and the command deck went dark, before backup power kicked in.
Dringoth clenched his teeth, a faint smile crossing his lips.  “Bug bastards…just like before!”
The Coethi swarm had countered Majoris’ collapser shot with their own disrupters and deflectors and the ship was rocking and rolling in the temporal turbulence, flitting into and out of ancillary time streams, where worldlines could shift rapidly and suddenly.
They were in a spin, increasing in rate and already the crew could feel centrifugal force building up.
“What the hell--!”  Surat’s hands swept across his board, re-setting systems, checking busses and breakers, following diagnostic prompts.  ISAAC’s smooth voice was barely audible over all the warning klaxons of the Master Alarm.
“Disrupter impact…I am assuming command per emergency protocol E-1…”
“Captain, break off!  Break off now!” Surat struggled with his controls.  “We’ve got to fallback…we’re outgunned here!”
“Not just yet,” Dringoth seethed.  An idea had just come to him.  It was crazy.  It was insane.  As jolts at the Academy years before, the cadets had tossed the idea around late at night in their barracks.  Majoris’ had a dead singularity core, so jumps across time streams were impossible.  Yet every temporal tactic Dringoth had ever learned and trained for said head for voidtime when you were outgunned.  The ship would be safe in voidtime because nothing could detect you or track you there, at least nothing known to Umans.  But they couldn’t…not without the core.  There was no way.,
But there was a way.  Fresh-faced jolts had once called it a crashjump.
A maneuver truly senseless and foolish, stupid beyond belief and ridiculous enough to incite bad jokes.
But it might be their only hope.  
Dringoth knew he couldn’t wait to see if the time stream would play out as before.  He had to act now.
“Come about to this heading,” he ordered Surat, who was steering from his console.  “Zero eight five and do it smartly.”
Surat couldn’t believe his ears.  “Captain, that’s not the way to fall back.”
“We’re not falling back.  Change your heading, Lieutenant!  Now!”
“Captain, that puts us on a collision course with the boundary.  With the flux.”
“I know that.  And increase spend to flank.”
Now Surat was truly sure Dringoth had flipped a lid.  With his eyes, Surat motioned Chagos to leave his station and make his way forward.  They had already discussed this. They had consulted the regs. Sure, it was drastic.  It was borderline irregular; already, the words from the Time Guard Manual of Order, the regulations about relieving a commanding officer of his command, swirled dizzily before his eyes….

In order that a subordinate officer, acting upon his, or her own initiative, may be vindicated for relieving a commanding officer from duty, the situation must be obvious and clear, and must admit of the single conclusion that the retention of command by such commanding officer would seriously and irretrievably prejudice the mission. The subordinate officer so acting:
a. Must be next in succession to command.
b. Must be unable to refer the matter to a common superior for the reasons set forth in the preceding paragraph.
c. Must be certain that the prejudicial actions of the commanding officer are not caused by instructions unknown to him or her.
d. Must have given the matter much consideration, and have made such exhaustive investigation of all the circumstances as maybe practicable.
e. Must be thoroughly convinced that the conclusion to relieve the commanding officer is one which a reasonable, prudent and experienced officer would regard as a necessary consequence from the facts thus determined to exist.

“Don’t you remember this, Vijay?” Dringoth asked.  They both clung to their seats as Majoris heeled about and began her death dive toward the flux boundary of the time stream.  Arrowing at high speed for the barrier, she took a few more rounds from the Bugs, and rocked violently from side to side from the impacts.  “When we were jolts.  We dreamed this up.  Remember the late-night skull sessions.  It was an answer to one of old man Jellicoe’s impossible tactical scenarios.  A crashjump.  We can’t jump like normal, with no core.  But if we hit the barrier at a high enough speed, the eggheads said we should be able to punch right out of the time stream, punch right into voidtime.  It’s the only way to save the ship.  I’m not losing Majoris again, Vijay.  I swear on my father’s grave, it’s going to be different this time.”
Surat couldn’t believe what he was hearing.  Monthan Dringoth.  Son of Pyotr and Natalya.  The man had played on Oscar Keaton’s knees when he was a little boy.  Monthan Dringoth…now a suicidal maniac.  Maybe that’s what flitting in and out of voidtime did to a man.
“Captain, a crashjump was just a thought experiment.  It was a joke.  A lark to put over on old man Jellicoe.  It was never a real tactic.”
“It’s about to become very real, Lieutenant.  Stay steady on zero eight five.  And increase speed to the red line.”
“It can’t be controlled, it can’t possibly work, don’t you see that?”
Dringoth’s eyes were glued to his instruments.  Just a little further.  “Don’t tell me what works and what doesn’t.  I’ve seen what people can do when they put their minds to it.  Nobody expected us to survive weeks adrift in a time stream before either, but we did.”
Now Surat knew it was time.  With his eyes, he got Chagos’ attention.  The jumpmaster from 1st Jump Platoon had already crept up to mid-deck, crouching right behind the gangway entrance, a scant two meters from Dringoth’s station.  A slight nod was all the signal needed.
As one, both Surat and Chagos sprang forward.
In a flash, they were on Dringoth, Chagos at his feet, Surat wrestling with the Captain, tugging him down onto the deck.  The three of them feel heavily in a heap onto the gridded floor, rolling against the gangway tube.
Just then, Majoris lurched one last time in flux turbulence and punched straight through the barrier of the time stream, straight into voidtime.
In an instant, they were yanked out of the time stream, spinning, yawing, and rolling like a top.  For Dringoth, the first impulse was like a giant fist had grabbed him and started squeezing…or maybe that was the crazy bastard Surat on top of him.  It was hard to tell.  Now they were all whirling and spinning, dizzy, round and round, he could feel the force of the spin against his head, pressing, crushing him….
  He had a fleeting glimpse of the crew—maybe it was Surat, maybe it was Chagos, he couldn’t really tell and he nearly vomited at the sight.  It was all wrong…the image was wrong and his mind refused to accept it—there was Surat, but with Chagos’ head, then no head, then two heads, then four heads, Surat splitting right down the middle of his head and torso like he was a piece of paper being ripped apart, Surat dividing and replicating like a swarm of nanobots, fractal images exploding in multiples, a hundred Surats, and he couldn’t look anymore and closed his eyes—
… and then it came.  An image of geometric forms—icosahedrons, polygons, trapezoids—all compressed into a tunnel, a long curving corridor and he found himself hurtling at breakneck speed down this corridor, until—
With a hard bump, his whole body jarred from the impact and when he opened his eyes, caught his breath and came to his senses, he was…where?
His last surviving thought came unbidden, like bad news from a doctor.
Voidtime.

The first order of business for Monthan Dringoth, once he came to, was to secure Surat and Chagos in their quarters.  The job was made easier by the fact that both were still unconscious from the crashjump…or whatever the hell they had gone through—and by the fact that he had help from Alicia Yang who had groped her way up to the command deck when the ship was stable enough to take a chance crawling up the gangway.
“Both of them, Skipper?”
Dringoth massaged a bump and a nasty bruise on his forehead.  Chagos had already been sedated, with help from a medbot run by ISAAC and confined to a small closet-sized cabin on B  deck.  Now, the two of them were wrestling Surat’s limp body toward another cabin.  
“Both.  They tried to jump me up there.  Full-blown mutiny, that’s what it was.  Surat’s was opposed to my idea of a crashjump.  The regs are pretty straightforward on what we have to do.”
They got Surat into a bunk in one of the cabins, then closed and locked the door.
“ISAAC?”
“Operating normally, Captain.  I was just completing an extensive self-diagnostic check.  Functionally, this AI is operating at ninety-six-point three percent capacity.”
“Swell.  ISAAC, erect a MOBnet around cabins B-3 and B-4, full suite.”
“As you wish, Captain.  Shall I key the config control to your command code?”
“Yes, do that.”
Dringoth and Yang both watched as a small mist drifted into position around the cabin doors, thickening over several minutes into a flickering cloud that popped and flashed as the embedded bots slammed atoms and built out the Mobility Obstruction Barrier.  When the barriers were in place, the doors were nearly opaque behind the mist, which would prevent anything or anyone from passing through.  
Yang took a close, motherly look at the purplish swelling on the side of Dringoth’s face.
“Sir, we’d better get you to sick bay.  That bump looks nasty.”
In the tiny corner of the galley on B deck that served as sick bay, Yang hummed softly as she went about bandaging Dringoth’s forehead, repeatedly trying to shoo away a fussy medbot that was just trying to help.  
Finally, Yang sat down on a stool at the station, while Dringoth let the bot finish the job.  “I guess we weren’t dreaming back at the Academy.  Crashjumps were supposed to be a myth.  Like a lot of the folklore around that place.”
“You think we punched into voidtime, Skipper?”
Dringoth winced and shoved the bot away for good.  It beeped in annoyance, then parked itself in its berth beneath the bed.  “That was the plan.”
Yang whistled and shook her head.  “And with no singularity core.  One for the history books.”
“Except all the history books say the Battle of the Gauntlet didn’t quite follow what I just did.”
The two of them left sickbay and checked Majoris out, deck by deck, to ascertain the extent of the damage.
Yang whistled in amazement when they stopped by Engineering on E deck.  “Well, singularity core’s beyond hope.  Captain, it appears we were hit by displacer rounds…twist loops.  Multiple hits.  Must have hit us just as we went through the flux.”  She winced at the thought.  “I sort of remember T2 having intel on something like this…but they had no proof.”
Dringoth snorted.  “Well, I guess we’re the proof.  We punched our way right through the time stream barrier, straight into voidtime.  And part of the crew’s still back on Gibbons’ Grotto.  I won’t bother asking where we are.”
Yang looked at her hands, hands heavy with rings and amulets, and studied them as if they didn’t belong to her.  “We’re nowhere.  And everywhere.  You can’t take a hack in voidtime.  Now what, sir?”
Dringoth got up and paced around E deck, checking every station.  Blank screens.  Gibberish.  Flashing red lights.  Nothing. “Adrift in voidtime, with extensive damage.  Not much we can do, for the moment.  I went through this before…Battle of the Gauntlet.  When Majoris got hit and we had to abandon her.”  He sort of half-chuckled, kicked at some debris cluttering the entrance to the gangway.  “Now I’m back aboard the same ship, maybe coming from the same time stream.  With two mutinous crew members…and you.”
“What did you do then, stuck like that, adrift in the time stream?” Yang asked.
Dringoth sniffed, recalling something he had long wanted to forget.  “We sang songs.  Told stories.  Dirty jokes.  Anything to stay sane.”
Now ISAAC interrupted with an idea.  “Excuse me, sir, perhaps we could start with a survey of the damage to Majoris.  I have just completed my initial checks of all ship systems.”
“Go ahead, ISAAC,” Dringoth said wearily.  “Let’s head up to command while he prattles on.”
They made their way to A deck.  By the time they reached the command center, ISAAC had given them the depressing rundown.  
Main propulsors were offline, but fixable in time, with the right parts fabbed, if they had enough feedstock, if they were lucky.   There were also multiple system outages…main bus A and B undervolt conditions…flow vanes offline and probably damaged…rudder gone, power plant down below twenty percent and the core….
Dringoth told ISAAC to be quiet.  “I’ve heard enough for the moment.  I get the picture.”
On the command deck, Yang dropped into the second seat alongside Dringoth.  “I wouldn’t even know where to begin, sir.  We got away from the Bugs by somehow crashing into voidtime.  Now what?”
Dringoth just stared at his console.  “We have to find a way to get back into the fight.  When we stepped through that fissure, we wound up here.  T-4487, the Battle of the Gauntlet.  But things are different; we must have branched off to a slightly different worldline.  But the fight is upon us, whether we like it or not.  And there’s still Gibbons’ Grotto and whatever’s going on there.  Maybe we got caught up in some kind of big push by the Bugs, across many sectors, many time streams.  But we have to get back into the fight.”
“What can we fight with?  No HERF or magpulse weapons.  No core to jump with.  A barely functional collapser bank.”
Dringoth snapped his fingers.  A sly smile spread across his face.  “Maybe something old, Alicia.  A tactic we haven’t used for centuries.”
Yang studied Dringoth.  “Sir, I’ve seen that look before.  What could possibly be bubbling up in that feverish mind of yours?”
That caused an even broader smile.  “Something from the very first day of Temporal Tactics class, Alicia.  That old Chinese general, strategist and time jumper Sun Tzu said it first: ‘All war is based on deception.’”
“I’m not sure I understand, Skipper.”
Dringoth said, “Just this.  From the very earliest days of Time Guard, feints and diversions have been part of any time jumper’s toolkit.  With weapons like collapsers and tactics like the flytrap maneuver, we don’t use them that much anymore.  But we did once.”
“How does that work for us?”
“Like this: we go down to D deck and see what Majoris has in her containment chambers.  If my memory’s right, we once had a full stock of combat-capable ANAD nanobotic masters onboard.  As long as they’re not damaged, we take those masters, use your excellent configuration control skills and hack out a design for a jumpship, a fake ship.  With that config loaded in the master bot, we do another crashjump back into truetime and launch our fleet of fakes.  You can soup of the replication engine so the thing’ll churn out half a dozen copies in no time.  That should get the Bugs’ attention.  Then while they’re off chasing our fakes, we bottle them up with some collapser work and finish them off.”
Yang gave that some thought.  The idea was wacky but she could see the possibilities.  “Finish them off with what, sir?”
Dringoth said, “We’ll need some help getting our weapons, especially HERF, back working.  Maybe I’d better take a little trip down to the crew quarters.  We do have two time jumpers onboard with us.”
“Yeah, and they just tried to take over the ship.  I don’t know, Captain—”
“No more talk.  This will work, I’m sure of it.  Alicia, think of it: we’ve got a chance to re-engage the Bugs in the Battle of the Gauntlet and make it turn out differently this time.”
“I’m not so sure about that, sir, but I’ll head to the containment vault and see what kind of shape the ship’s ANAD systems are in.”
 “And I’ve got a little interrogating to do.”  Dringoth went down the gangway first, peeling off to B deck.  Inside, he found both Surat and Chagos lying on their bunks, hands behind their heads, deep in thought.  He decided to leave the security MOBnet in place for the time being.  It shimmered and flickered and popped in front of him. 
Yang went further aft to D deck.
Dringoth tried Surat first.  “Lieutenant, I trust the accommodations are to your liking?”
“The chow sucks and it’s too warm in here and I burned my fingers on that stupid barrier of yours.”  He held up a lacerated right hand.
Dringoth clucked.  “You should know better than to fight a MOBnet.  We can take care of that in sick bay.  But I really didn’t come down here to check on your creature comforts.”
Surat flashed a mirthless smile.  The Bengali officer had bright, picture-perfect teeth and Dringoth briefly wondered where the jumper was originally from.  “I’m sure of that.  What is it, Captain?  Your conscience bothering you now?”
Dringoth smiled faintly.  “I have no conscience.  You should understand that now.  You and your jumpmaster are guilty of mutiny aboard a Time Guard jumpship, in combat no less.  I could have shoved you out the airlock and been perfectly within my rights.”
“Why didn’t you?”
Dringoth sucked in a breath, found himself a seat outside the compartment.  “I’ll let the Guard take care of discipline.  It’s all in my report anyway.”
“You didn’t come down here to debate Time Guard regulations, Captain.”
“No,” Dringoth admitted. “I didn’t.  I came down here because I need your help.  And because you’re a Time Guard officer who’s taken the same oath I have.  There are only four of us on this ship and I need every able-bodied crewman I can get.  And we have a mission staring us in the face that will take all of us and some luck to execute.”
Surat sat up and bumped his forehead on a stanchion over the bunk.  He swore and rubbed his head.  “Another one of your crazy stunts again?  I hope you put that in your report.  No time jumper in his right mind would deliberately crash a ship into the flux and expect to live, let alone make it into voidtime.”
“Hey, we’re here, aren’t we?  We’re alive.  And for your information, I have been here before.  The only way we’re going to beat the Bugs this time is to do the unexpected.”
Surat sat on the edge of his bunk, massaging his eyes and his bruised forehead, sucking on his burned fingertips.  “I’m all ears…since that’s the only thing I haven’t hurt yet.”  
Dringoth explained his idea to use the ship’s ANAD system to config and replicate a small ‘fleet’ of fake jumpships.  “We’re going to have to cannibalize some of our ship’s stores to get enough feedstock. And I won’t launch them until we can get back to truetime.”
“If we can get back—”
“Admittedly.  That’s where you and Chagos come in.  Once we’re back in the fight, I need weapons.  You and Chagos should be able to repair our HERF and magpulse banks, with ISAAC’s help.  With the Bugs chasing down a fake fleet of ships, that gives us an opportunity to pop up anywhere and let fly with a few well-placed volleys.  It’ll be like dropping a few rocks in a stewpot.  We can scatter the Bugs to hell and back and make the swarms withdraw, make them think they’re dealing with numbers they can’t beat.”
Surat looked curiously at Dringoth.  “With one real ship?  This one tops even your new crashjump maneuver, Dringoth.  You’re out of your mind.  Old man Jellicoe would turn over in his grave if he could hear this.”
“Old Man Jellicoe always gave high marks for originality, if you remember.  I’m telling you, Vijay, it’s actually an advantage to have fought the Battle of the Gauntlet before.  I know what happened.  I know what the Bugs did.  I know what I did wrong.  And I’m trying to fix that now, re-fight the Battle the right way.  Change the parameters and the outcome.”
Surat spat.  “Fah!  Can’t be done.  Time streams don’t work that way.  Temporal Physics 101. You’re not trying to change the Battle and the outcome.  You’re trying to change your reputation.  This is all about glory and medals and beating the reputation of your illustrious parents, isn’t it?”
Dringoth bit off his reply.  That was a little too close for comfort.  “Bullshit and you know it.  Are you going to help me or not?  Or would you rather stay in there and rot, probably die in a Bug swarm, just to prove me wrong and make a point that no one will ever know?”
Surat and Dringoth glared at each other like predators stalking prey, circling and growling at each other.  
“Drop the barrier, Captain.  Chagos too.  I’ll make you this promise: we’ll help you out in this clown stunt of yours, at least as long as it’s working.  If I see that your antics are needlessly endangering the ship and her crew, then I’m invoking Time Guard Regulation 7-55, just like before.  We may live and we may die, but at least my reputation will be clean.  The honors will be mine and your name will be dragged through the mud for generations.  The Dringoth maneuver…I can see it now at the Academy.  It’ll be required reading on tactics not to try when fighting the Bugs.  Exhibit A in hubris on a grand scale.”
With an angry swipe of his hand, Dringoth dropped the barrier.  Surat and Chagos headed aft to E deck to work with ISAAC on weapons repairs.  Nobody said a word. 
Dringoth followed them both down the gangway, at a distance and a little warily he would later admit, and decided to see how Yang was doing with the ANAD systems.

Majoris’ D deck held three containment vaults, A, B and C, a test bench with imagers and tools for close work and an interface control station for communicating with the nanoscale bots she was working with.
ISAAC had thrown up a display floating in mid-air that carried the title Regenerating ANAD Systems.  
As the Defense and Protective Systems jumper pored over schematics and an imager screen on the bench, Dringoth scanned the instruction steps ISAAC was displaying.  Three flashing red dots indicated her progress down the list:

Reconstruction
The Core
	Main memory
	Working memory
	Algorithm architecture
	Buffers
	Config translator
	Instruction sets
	Quantum processor
Main Platform and Actuator Mast
Power Cells (picowatt)-by quantum tweezers
Propulsors
	Normal (flagellar screws)
	Quantum wave 
Sensors and Actuators 
	Pyridine probes
	Carbene grabbers
	Enzymatic knife
	Hydrogen abstractors
	Bond disrupters
	Fullerene grapples
	Ribosomal systems
	Photon lens
Connection and Bonding – all elements

Animation
Lay-in triggers
Seed growth medium
Base replication
	Transmission
	Reception
	Execution
	Examine memory 
Learn-in comm centers
	Acoustic
	EM
	ELF
	Quantum coupler
	Voice synthesis and response 
Activate sensor algorithms and substrates
Basic operations	
	Launch and recovery in containment
	Disassembly of simple structures
	Assembly of simple structures
	3-axis (non-swarm) config changes
	Elementary swarm operations
	Controlled replication
	Combat replication

Alicia Yang lifted her mag glasses and wiped a drop of sweat from her nose.  “I’m getting there, Captain, but it’s tedious work.  I was just about to start attaching and activating the little devil’s sensors.  Here...take a look.”  She indicated with her elbow an imager screen nearby.
He watched as Yang played with the imager, zeroing in on the ANAD master, securely confined inside the tank.  She tweaked the sensitivity controls of the quantum imager.  In focus in the center of the screen was a rectangular grid, wavering in the aqueous solution in which the grid was submerged.  In the exact center of the grid, a mass of dark spherical shapes pulsated with some inner rhythm.  The mass looked like a bunch of grapes, hanging on a trellis. 
“That’s our boy?”
Yang nodded.  “Just a kid, right now.  He’s still got some growing to do.  Stick around and I’ll give you a tour, let you drive him for kicks…kind of a first test.  Remember your Molecular Ops classes at the Academy?” 
“Barely.”  Dringoth wandered around the containment chamber, studying its features.  Poised around the periphery of the insulated sphere in which the grid was suspended, were three rows of six electron beam injectors each.  At the slightest hint of trouble during replication, an operator could quickly toggle the firing switch on the control panel. Several million electron volts of energy would flood the tank, stripping atoms from molecules, electrons from atoms.  Only nucleus fragments would remain.
Dringoth finally sat down where Yang indicated, flexing his fingers.  He was practically licking his lips at the prospect.  My fingers are just itching to grab a few atoms with this joker.  "You said you've improved a few things…taken ANAD a little further.  What do you mean?"
Yang pointed to some fuzzy projections on the screen.  "Oh, ISAAC helped me with that.  Along with a new processor, ANAD has stiffer diamondoid effectors.  More reactive or 'stickier' covalent bond ends too, basically carbenes and hydrogen radicals.  That lets him grab atoms and move molecules more securely."
"How'd you soup up the speed?  Your processor only controls and directs."
Yang smiled proudly.  "A little technique ISAAC told me about.  You're right, as far as it goes.  But ANAD's got new carbon group fold lines.  Basically a new type of architecture more easily cleaved and collapsed.  He could run circles around any Bugs he encounters…I'm sure of it.  He can slam atoms like a gazelle and he’ll assemble your fake fleet in no time, Skipper.”
Dringoth tried out the control sticks on the panel.  If we can just get back to truetime.
Yang continued.  "Makes for faster folding and unfolding.  A very ingenious design…based on ribosomal proteins…nature's own assemblers of proteins from DNA instruction.  ANAD can break bonds much more rapidly, under quantum-scale control.  Orders of magnitude faster than before, I'm certain.  And he's got new fullerene 'hooks' for more secure grasping and attaching, which makes for better accuracy."
Dringoth was anxious to get started, get a feel for this wonder bread assembler Yang was so proud of.
"Am I powered up?"
"Fully.  Just select a mode--here--" Yang fingered a side panel.
Dringoth settled into his seat, let his reflexes take over.  It had only been what?  A million years since he had done this at the Academy.  But Yang was anxious to show off her work.  It was a basic axiom in nanoscale work that you didn't so much 'fly' the buggers as 'feel' them.  To a rookie, dodging molecules and groping van der Waals forces was like playing dodge ball with a sleet of sticky balls.  It took timing and finesse, something that could only come with time.
"Layout's not so different from your basic early ANAD," Yang said.  Like any good jumpship captain, Dringoth couldn't wait to drive the thing.  "Operation controls you have your hands on are for the propulsors.  ANAD's beefed up to sixty picowatts power.  Six degrees of freedom in attitude…that's your left hand plus translation control in your right."
"Feels jumpier," Dringoth reported.  He twisted both sticks and the imager scene careened crazily.  "The slightest touch and he's out of trim."
"I'm sure you'll get the hang of it, Captain.  I've got the gain boosted up high.  Imager is acoustic feedback, just like before.  You can overlay heading, attitude and state data on the image."  Even as he spoke, Dringoth had the imager screen tiled with shifting mosaics of information.
"Let's try to dock with something," he suggested, spying a few molecules drifting by.  He tickled the imager for better resolution and clucked at the view.  "Why that looks like an old friend of ours, Alicia.  Maybe an acetylcholine molecule?  What say we scope him out for a parking place?"
"Suit yourself, Captain."  Since you're already practically there anyway. Every jumpship skipper always wanted to fly before he could walk.  "That's a covalent bond, by the way--"
"Oh--!"  Dringoth grunted sheepishly.  The acetylcholine's carbon 'fingers' flicked ANAD away.  He'd approached on a poor vector and gotten bounced by the stiff bond forces.  "I'll just--" Dringoth grimaced, trying to regain control of the device.  "That's weird--molecule just up and spun me around…what gives?  Usually, you can just barrel on in and squat between electrons."
Yang sniffed.  "That's something I'm sure you're not familiar with."  She pressed a few buttons on the keyboard.  "AUTO-RESET.  This ANAD's different.  With something like acetylcholine…dopamine--complicated structures like that--it's best to let ANAD do the piloting now.  With ANAD, at least early ANAD, you could just fly right in close and probe bonds for a soft spot.  Not anymore.  This one's fly-by-stick, electronically controlled.  It seeks equilibrium and calculates resistance instantaneously.  Let the computer and auto-maneuver system do the work now.  ANAD knows what to look for."
Dringoth frowned.  "Hell…that takes all the fun out of it."
"Maybe so, but it also saves molecules from being smashed to bits by hotshot pilots.  In any case, ANAD's more sophisticated now.  Forget your smash and grab techniques.  Now, with this version, docking with a molecule is essentially automated."
"What other wonders are you going to show me?"
Yang pressed a few more buttons to inject additional molecules into the solution.  "You're in an alien medium.  Parameters unknown.  Try a basic replication cycle."
Dringoth scoped out the medium with ANAD's sensors: pH, concentration gradient, pressure.  He toggled the 'rep' pickle on the left stick, one cycle.  In the blink of an eye, the imager screen jostled slightly.
"I'm waiting."
Yang smiled.  "You missed it, Captain"
"What?"
"ANAD's already replicated.  Check your state vector…here--" she pointed to a screen of dials and columns on the left.  "See what I mean?"
Dringoth was dumb-founded.  "I'll be damned--this baby's a real hot rod.  It feels a hell of a lot like early ANAD."
"I'll take that as a compliment.  We—ISAAC and me, based our original design on ANAD.  Only we improved it…tinkered under the hood, as you would say."
“I have only one question, Alicia.  When we slam our way back into truetime, can this whiz kid replicate a fleet of fake ships, enough to draw off the Bugs and give us a shot?”
Yang took a deep breath.  “I’m sure he can, Captain.  As long as I do my job right here, regenerating the master.  Me and ISAAC.”
Dringoth hung around for an hour, to offer whatever help he could.  He wanted in the worst way to go one deck further aft and see what Surat and Chagos were up to, but he told himself no…not now.  Give them a chance.  The mission would need all of them, and everything they had to give, if it were to succeed.  You didn’t breathe heavily in your troopers’ ears every second if you wanted them to do their best.  Treat them like trained time jumpers first.  Give them your orders, make sure they understood the orders and had the right skills and equipment, then get the hell out of the way.
Elements of Command and Control. Fourth-year jolt class. Jump Major Richter, the old wag.
Dringoth watched Alicia Yang humming softly as she worked with ISAAC, hacking out the right configs for ANAD.  She was the best and brightest DPS tech Cygnus had ever had; cool under fire, efficient, highly skilled, quick to pick up new ways and dedicated always to the mission.  A jumpship captain’s dream.
“Alicia,” he asked after awhile.  “how’d you wind up in Time Guard anyway?”
She backed out of the imager hood she’d been in and regarded Dringoth’s question curiously.  “Time Guard?  Well, that’s a pretty long story, sir.”
“Your service record says you’re an old Urth girl.”
Yang nodded, took off her gloves and wiped a shiny forehead.  “Actually the Moon, sir.  Copernicus City.”
Dringoth said, “Don’t tell me: you ran away to the Guard to get away from a family of overachievers.”
Yang saw some humor in that.  “Not exactly, Skipper.  I guess it was more to get away from the truth.  Ever heard of the Trident mission?”
“Ah, yes.  Pluto, wasn’t it?  Sputnik Planitia…that submerged ocean.”  Dringoth’s eyebrows wrinkled, as he tried to remember.  He fiddled with his moustache thoughtfully.  “First documented encounter with the Coethi, as I recall.  You were decorated.  You helped get everybody out to safety.”
Yang scoffed at that.  “Damn Bugs were everywhere…inside the ship, inside our heads.  They made us see things that weren’t there.  Joe Skellen was our skipper.  He went nuts.  Cycled outside without a suit.”  Yang realized she had been holding her breath and let it out in a measured blow.  “We were lucky to get away.”
“Then you disappeared.  Your record says you stayed on with Frontier Corps for awhile.”
Now Yang put her mag glasses back on and buried her face inside the imager hood.  “Oh, yes, sir, I knocked around the Corps for awhile longer.  Every godforsaken post they could find, that’s where they sent me.  For awhile, I was even in demand as a speaker about my role as a Trident survivor.  But I was broken inside; the psychs knew it, everybody knew it.  So I was disabled out of Frontier Corps after Trident and resumed working as a geologist at Mariner City, Mars.  I did some original work prepping Mars for the Big Smack to come, the asteroid impact that would begin the generations-long effort to transform Mars.  But the Trident mission and its aftermath and what people said about the crew plagued and dogged me for years.”
She pulled her head out of the hood again and indicated the imager screen.  “ANAD master ready for test, sir.”
Dringoth said, “You came to Time Guard to get away from yourself.  That’s what it sounds like to me.”
Yang admitted, “There may be a little truth to that, sir.  I learned of Time Guard’s need for recruits at the age of twenty-two, sometime about T-date 2811.  I was intrigued, so I applied and was accepted.  Maybe I needed to prove to myself that Trident no longer consumed me.  Maybe I did this to prove to myself and my father that I could make something of myself beyond just being a scientist or a failed explorer.  I needed the adrenalin rush of something new.  So I was accepted and went to Landfall for recruit training.  I even knew Evelyn M’Bela at the time but I didn’t know Queenie that well and our paths didn’t really cross.”
Dringoth said, “It wasn’t long afterward that you popped up on my list of candidates for 1st Time Displacement.”
“Exactly, sir.  After completing boot camp at Landfall, I became Jump Master 1st Class Alicia Yang.  The Guard assigned me to garrison duty at some trash heap outpost orbiting Gavrilon, you know that’s star-sun 40 Omicron 2, protecting the approaches to Newton’s Jaw.  It was not my idea of exciting duty.  So I became bored.  To keep my sanity, I qualified for a rating as DPS, studying all kinds of Time Guard weapons and tactics.  After two years of this duty, when Time Guard announced the formation of a new unit, 1st Time Displacement Battery, and the need for crewmen to serve a new weapon called a Time Twister, I jumped at the chance.  I applied and was accepted and told to report for duty to Keaton’s World.”
“And now here you are, adrift in a crippled ship in voidtime, with a lunatic for a Captain.  Let’s get ANAD into the test cell.”
“Yes, sir…I think he’s ready.  I think we’re all ready.”

The ANAD master bot passed all of its tests without incident or anomaly.  Dringoth then went aft to the Engineering deck and got more good news.
Vijay Surat stood with Winston Chagos alongside a bench next to the Weapons console, assorted parts and wire bundles and connectors strewn across its surface.  A panel behind them was open, with more wiring and parts hanging out.
“HERF is mostly operating now,” Surat explained.  “We’re just trying to track down something in an oscillator circuit.  Chagos here thinks he’s found it.”
“Will it work?” asked Dringoth.  “That’s all I need to know.  Will it work when we need it?”
Chagos shrugged.  “For at least a few discharges, Captain.  That’s all I can promise.”
“And the magpulsers?”
Surat’s face brightened.  “Fully operational.  We replaced a few pulsetrons, had ISAAC fab us a new deflector coil and we were in business.  Full magpulser capability.”
“Good.  When HERF’s ready, come to the crew’s mess.  I want to lay out what’s going to happen.”
Two hours later, Surat and Chagos showed up on B deck, still dirty and sweaty from their bench work.
Dringoth had the servbot lay out a light meal.  It hummed and whirred about the galley as the four of them slammed down the stew and some medicinal whiskey they had found in a small locked cabinet below the replicator.
“We don’t have a core,” Dringoth explained.  “You all know that.  But we’ve got to get back to T-4487, get back into the fight.  Time jumpers are fighting and dying back there and we’ve got to go back and help them.  Another crashjump is the only way.  I don’t have to explain the risk to you.  We might not make it.  Majoris is hurt.  She’s been through a lot.”
Surat thought to make a smart comment but thought better of it.  Instead: “How can we navigate to the same worldline coordinates?  How can we be sure we’re headed back to the right time, or even the right time stream?”
Chagos agreed.  “We’ve got no way to navigate in voidtime, sir.  It’s impossible.”
Dringoth had a slight smile on his face.  “It was impossible, gentlemen.  Never underestimate a Dringoth.  ISAAC here has found a way to detect the very faint disturbance Majoris makes in voidtime, an infinitesimal disturbance in the vacuum field, and backtrack our path since we crashed into voidtime.  It’s like following a trail of bread crumbs, once you know what to look for.  ISAAC assures me he can put the ship right back to our original entry coordinates.  If we punch through there, that should put us back in T-4487 where we left.”
Surat conceded the possibility.  “Suppose we somehow survive your crazy crashjump maneuver.  Doesn’t that put us right back inside that big swarm?  How does that help us?”
“Ah, now comes the good part.”  Dringoth had ISAAC display a 3-D rendering of local space and time in the air over the galley table.   The Coethi swarm formation looked like a big fog bank.  “Once we ‘punch’ through, as you call it, we should indeed be inside the Coethi swarm.  Trapped like flies in amber, you might say.”
Surat finished off his tumbler of whiskey.  “I don’t exactly fancy becoming a fossil, Captain.”
“And you won’t.  Because at that exact moment, Majoris releases her newly configged ANAD masters.  Right out the chute.  They rep like mad, armed with configurations of dozens of Time Guard jumpships and the Bug swarm suffers a major hiccup.  Whoops, we just swallowed a nest of bees.”
“Except they’re fake bees,” Chagos pointed out.
“They won’t know that initially.  The Bugs’ll just react.  Instinct.  I’m counting on one thing: confusion.  Chaos, gentlemen.  It’s our best weapon.  And while the swarm is churning and burning trying to figure out what’s happened, we let fly with everything we’ve got.  High-energy radio frequency, mag, the works.  If I’m right, we’ll wind up with a shredded Bug cloud and that gives any nearby jumpships a chance to zap the remainder with full bore weapons.  Something we couldn’t do before, in the original Battle of the Gauntlet.”
Surat just shook his head, then saw Chagos staring into his drink.  “Better polish that off, Winnie.  Where we’re going, you’re going to need it.”
After a few final details, Dringoth ordered the crew to stations.  Dringoth and Surat would man the command consoles on A deck.  Chagos would sit behind them, at Search and Surveillance.  Four decks aft, at her weapons station, Alicia Yang would monitor ANAD status during the bot master deploy and rep cycle, and also handle HERF and magpulser duty.
When all stations reported ready, Dringoth took a deep breath, flexing his fingers like a pianist.  Surat saw the gesture out of the corner of his eyes and just shook his head.  This is insane.  But what the hell.  Tempus Regit!
Dringoth strapped in and checked his board.  All green, all copacetic and no flags. Majoris had been powered up several hours before, her MHD power plant ticking over, humming, now sending a slight shudder through her hull.
“Ready all systems…stand by for final check and all-call.”
One by one, the crew came back.
“Ready, TT1.”
“Search is go!”
 “DPS…yo and go!”
 “Propulsors on line…ease her around, ISAAC.”
Majoris lurched as her MHD jets opened up to one-quarter throttle and she came about, to sniff along the path ISAAC had already laid in, a path defined only by the faintest ripples in voidtime, a remnant trail left by the ship’s passage.
“Answering one-quarter, handling nicely, ISAAC.  Feels like we’re fighting cross-currents.”
The ship’s AI answered back.  “I have all sensors tuned to the exact frequency of vacuum field fluctuations, Captain.  On course now.  We are centered in the cylinder of displacement to within twelve point five zepto-arcseconds of nominal course.  Adjusting now….”
Chagos just shook his head.  “This is like driving a car off a dock, right into the ocean.”
The voidtime boundary came up much faster than anyone expected.
“I’m opening up the throttle now,” Dringoth told them.  “Increasing to redline.  Hang on and buckle up!”
Majoris shuddered slightly, as her power plant stroked higher and she nosed into the outer edge effects of the voidtime channel.  
Just then, Majoris lurched one last time in the growing turbulence and punched straight through the barrier, straight out of voidtime into…where?
In an instant, they were yanked out of voidtime, spinning, yawing, and rolling like a top.  For Dringoth, the first impulse was insane, like being shaken to death in some dog’s mouth…or maybe it was the ship itself that seemed to be coming apart.  It was hard to tell.  Now they were all whirling and spinning, dizzy, round and round, he could feel the force of the spin against his head, pressing, crushing him….
  He had a fleeting glimpse of the crew—maybe it was Surat, maybe it was Chagos, he couldn’t really tell and he nearly vomited at the sight.  It was all wrong…the image was wrong and his mind refused to accept it, even though he had seen it before.
… and then it came.  An image of geometric forms—icosahedrons, polygons, trapezoids—all compressed into that same tunnel, a long curving corridor and he found himself hurtling at breakneck speed down this corridor, until—
They were in.  Somewhere in time stream T-4487.  
And Majoris seemed caught in the backwash of an infinite fog bank.

The hardest effect to deal with was the flicker, like a vast strobe light were flashing on and off a million times a second.  Jumpship Majoris had punched right through the voidtime barrier and found themselves smack in the middle of a massive swarm of Bugs.  The maneuver had worked, although ISAAC’s computations may have been a little off.  The maneuver had gone off just as planned, except that no one in his right mind would ever plan such a thing as a crashjump.
In time, Monthan Dringoth came to realize they were inside a great swarm, a vast nomadic collection of nanobotic structures and mechanisms, drifting through space.  They were enveloped in the swarm which was only slightly denser than the starfield itself.  He saw nothing he could recognize…no Big Dipper, no Orion, the constellations were all wrong.
As a child, Dringoth had once fallen out of a tiny skiff sailing across K-World’s Loch Lithgow, fallen right into the middle of a bank of stinging fogflies.
You could float forever on the Loch; it was that salty, so once Dringoth had gotten his panic under control, he found himself wondering how the horde of fogflies had come up so suddenly.  It was like being stuffed inside a hornet’s nest, though K-World didn’t have hornets.  The buzzing was insane and you couldn’t even feel your hands and feet.  You could still hear the waves lapping—barely—and you could feel the flies tickling and trying to sting your face.  You could try submerging in the water but that was only possible for a few seconds.  It was really better not to think too hard about where you were, for that would only bring the panic back.
But the thoughts came anyway.  Dringoth knew they couldn’t stay where they were.  He had to do something.  They had to get out of the swarm, get away.  There had to be something they could do to irritate the Bug swarm enough to allow them to escape.
ISAAC’s next words didn’t make him feel any better.
“Hull integrity compromised…aft tailpod and fuselage, losing hull integrity around flow vanes and rudder…estimating hull breach in less than four minutes, present rate….”
“They’re eating into Majoris’ skin!” Surat said.  
Dringoth shook himself awake and got on the 1MC to Yang back on E deck, “Of all the luck--DPS, fire HERF!  Fire magpulsers!  Full spread!”
Alicia Yang stabbed buttons on her console at the Weapons station.  Instantly, the ship discharged a thunderclap of high-energy radio frequency waves out into the swarm.  At the same time, her magpulser emitters laid down a spread of magnetic loops.  Both weapons were standard defenses against nanobotic targets.  Under the right conditions, the cocktail of HERF and magpulse would shatter any swarm they were likely to encounter.
But the Bug swarm was so massive it was like sticking a toothpick in a K-World giraffe.  
“ISAAC, any effects?”
The ship’s AI came back, “Effects negligible.  I am detecting some localized re-orientation of the swarm…centroid is moving off and density of the swarm is dropping inside an elliptical volume approximately seventy-thousand kilometers in major axis.  Scalloping and edge effects detected, but the swarm is adjusting…swarm is reconstituting.”
Surat peered out the forward porthole on his side.  The stars were still visible but there was a definite haze to the view.  Uncountable gazillions of lights flickered all about them as the swarm slammed atoms and rebuilt itself after the discharges.
“Fire again!” Dringoth commanded.  “Fire all azimuth!  Light ‘em up, Alicia!”
Yang did so and Majoris shuddered under repeated discharges of her weapons.  Caution lights blinked on her console.  “Magazine is close to empty, Skipper.  I’ve got enough for several more discharges, then we’ll have to re-charge.  Withdraw and re-charge.”
“Withdraw where?” Chagos said, to no one in particular.  
“Launch countermeasures,” Dringoth commanded.  “Away all ANAD masters…max rate on reps.  Slam ‘em down their throats!”
Yang pressed buttons to open the containment pods along Majoris’ aft fuselage and sent the commands to release ANAD.  Unseen, the master bots drifted out of containment into open space and began replicating structure in exponential overdrive, following the configs she had built, assembling simulated versions of the jumpship.  Though the process was invisible at the start, Yang studied her viewer and was soon heartened to see the ghostly, flickering outlines of several ‘ships’ forming a few kilometers away.  She pumped a fist.  “Yes!  That’ll make the Bugs think twice.”
She watched the replica ships come together, as if an invisible hand were painting an image across the sky and her viewer was soon filled with half a dozen skeletal ships gradually materializing out of the ether.  How long the Bugs would be fooled by this stratagem, she couldn’t say.  
Back on the command deck, Dringoth was heartened when ISAAC reported swarm density dropping rapidly in their sector.
“They’re adjusting,” he told Surat.  “Re-orienting to see what this new fleet that just popped out of nowhere is about.”
“How long do you figure they’ll be fooled?” Surat asked.  
“Long enough, I hope.  DPS,” Dringoth called back to Yang, “what’s the status of our HERF batteries?”
Yang’s voice came back sober.  “HERF is drained, Skipper.  We’ve still got a few pulses left on mag.”
“Okay, hold off…I want to see who else is around here.  If we’re in T-4487, there should be half a dozen ships within hailing range.  Sensors, see anything out there?”
Chagos checked his board.  “Impossible to see anything in this fog, Captain.  I’m getting all kind of reflections and signal distortions.”
“Keep trying.  And start hailing all frequencies.  Use Time Guard Red if you have to.  Command won’t like it but this is an emergency.”
“Copy that.  Hailing now…any station, any station, this is jumpship Majoris, do you copy?”
Dringoth studied the tactical situation.  “Vijay, we’ve got to maneuver out of this crap.  If ANAD can keep the Bugs preoccupied, the swarm may thin out enough around us to give us a way out.  How are your controls?”
Surat tried the flow vanes and rudders.  “Mushy, Captain.  Two flow vanes are offline.  Rudder is sluggish.  We’ve got propulsors, for now, but we’re losing trim.  ISAAC, boost control gain….”
“Compensating control gain,” the ship’s AI came back.  Surat felt the results immediately.  “That’s more like it.  The time stream’s turbulent around here and we’re only getting intermediate traction.  Worldlines are going crazy.”
Dringoth knew they had a narrow window to escape the swarm.  “ISAAC, plot us a course along this worldline, minimum swarm density.”
“Course plotted and displayed,” ISAAC replied.  “Recommending half-propulsor to avoid overstressing tail pod and aft fuselage thrust structures.  Hull integrity down to sixty-four percent.”
Dringoth swung the ship around to ISAAC’s course and just then, a master alarm went off, the klaxon blaring on all decks.
ISAAC said, “Hull breach imminent.  Off-nominal strains detected in aft tail pod.  Fractures spreading.  Elastic modulus decreasing rapidly. Stress-strain curves converging to critical.  I am shutting down propulsor banks to preserve hull integrity—”
“Captain,” Surat said, “we’ve got to get out of here now!  The Bugs are eating us alive!”
Dringoth had to think quickly.  “DPS, fire everything you’ve got!  Drain HERF!  Empty the mags!”
Yang complied and the ship shuddered as the last of the magnetic loops was discharged.  Outside the forward portholes, jagged flashes showed where the loops had impacted the Bug swarm.  But it seemed to have little effect.
“Swarm is absorbing mag loops,” ISAAC reported.  “Adjusting frequencies to counter but pulser magazine is nearly empty.  Swarm is reconstituting along firing vector, density increasing all around us.”
Surat glared at Dringoth.  “Captain, for the love of God, fallback!  Give up this insane effort!  We’ve got to withdraw now to save the ship!”
“Tail pod breach,” ISAAC stated coolly.  “F deck breach in twenty seconds, present rate of hull decomp.”
“Activate emergency air flasks!” Dringoth said, as he tried to consider all their options.  There weren’t many.  From down the gangway, the squeal of high-pressure air could be heard, EAB air flasks overpressurizing the compartments to compensate for the loss of pressure.  They had only a few minutes left.
Time seemed to slow down.
Dringoth made up his mind.  This worldline isn’t the same as before.  The Second Battle of the Gauntlet won’t be like the last one.
“Vijay,” he said to Surat, “bring the ship around.  ISAAC, lay in a reverse course, back to where we punched out of voidtime.”
Surat was incredulous.  “Captain, no…you’re not thinking to do another—”
“It’s all we’ve got!  You’re right…we’ve got to save the ship.  We’ll have to come back to the fight another day.  I’m not losing Majoris again!”
“We can’t survive another crashjump!”
“We’ll have to.  Run up the propulsors!  Run ‘em up to the redline!”
“Course laid in,” said ISAAC in his even tone.  “I have compensated for drift and off-axis loss of hull structure…this course is a best-fit estimate—”
Dringoth gritted his teeth.  “It’ll have to do.  Everybody, buckle up.  This ain’t going to be pretty—”
After coming about, her hull still being steadily disassembled by Bugs, Majoris sped toward the voidtime barrier, rocking and rolling, out of trim, barely under control, with ISAAC working overtime to help them stay on course.  
The ship drifted into a flat spin, her aft flow vanes no longer able to grab enough of the time stream to keep her in trim.
Jumpship Majoris slammed into the voidtime barrier just as her propulsors gave out completely.  Weakened along fracture lines in her aft end, the tail pod separated and the ship spun out of control, slamming and plowing broadsides through the temporal surf that defined the voidtime barrier.
Majoris lurched one last time in the flux turbulence and punched straight through the barrier of the time stream, straight into voidtime.
In an instant, they were yanked out of time.  For Dringoth, the first impulse was like the first time he had taken a diving plunge into Loch Lithgow from Bears’ Head Leap, smacking the dense, salty water face first, every molecule in his body stinging from the impact…
  He didn’t bother checking out the rest of the crew—he knew from experience what voidtime did to your senses so he jammed his eyes shut and refused to look.
His last surviving thought came unbidden, like a bad fitness rep from a superior officer.
They were back in voidtime.

Upon waking, his first impressions were the squeal of the emergency air flasks flooding all compartments.  That and the fog building in the reduced pressure and the hurricane of debris flying through the thinning air: pads, fasteners, bits of clothing, a cup, a scanner head, all of it hurtling toward the gangway opening and he knew, with decades of training to reinforce it, that Majoris was hurt, mortally wounded and she had suffered some kind of catastrophic hull breach.
He heard the dulcet tones of ISAAC repeating his warnings: “Hull collapse imminent, hull breach forward of E deck, lateral fractures expanding at three point five centimeters per second…recommend all hands enter hypersuits…recommend all hands take emergency measures…Class I Red Level Emergency procedures now in effect….”
It had happened again.  Just as it had happened years before in the first Battle of the Gauntlet.  Dringoth swore as he struggled to breathe in the failing air and dragged himself up off the deck.  
He would lose Majoris again, just as he had before.  It wasn’t right.  It wasn’t fair.  The worldlines were conspiring against him.  Time itself was sticking a thumb right in his eye.
The hypersuits.  That was the only option now.  Dringoth’s hard-won training took over and he moved on auto, clambering down the gangway.  Into the hypersuits.  Into the lockout.  Cycle the pressure.  Out into…what, exactly?  It had never been done before.  Leaving a jumpship in voidtime.  Nobody did that. There were no procedures for that.
Dringoth scooted down the gangway, spying the feet of someone just ahead of him.  It was Chagos, scrambling as fast as he could.  
“All hands, abandon ship!” Dringoth yelled as loud as he could in the failing air.  “Get to the lockout!  Get into your suits!  All hands, abandon ship!”
One by one, with the dying voice of ISAAC wailing in the background, trailing off into gibberish—"Class I Red Level Emergency procedures now in effect…attempting to compens—” the crew of Majoris… Yang, Chagos, Surat and Dringoth…cycled out of the airlock and stepped off into the void.
Moments later, the ship came apart with a bright flash as her singularity core was exposed to the vacuum and her innards flew off in every direction, soundlessly, like an old vid unwinding in mute testimony to the forces that had destroyed her.

Chapter 3: “Time’s Peak”

“Time flies over us but leaves its shadow behind.”
							Nathaniel Hawthorne

Time Stream: Unknown
T-date: Undefined

Monthan Dringoth just wanted to sleep forever.  You couldn’t see anything.  You couldn’t hear anything except for your own breathing.  You couldn’t feel anything but the whir of your own suit fans.  It would be so easy just to close your eyes, ignore the chest pack panel and your wristpad with their blinking lights and instruments documenting just how dire the situation really was.  Just shut your eyes and dream and drift off to…nothing.
Voidtime.
Dringoth figured it was as apt a name as any for a place that was literally made of nothing.  Temporal physicists called voidtime a place where time didn’t flow, where nothing aged or deteriorated, a sort of featureless ether.  Some physicists theorized that voidtime was like a black hole turned inside out, a place and time where normal laws didn’t apply.  In historical terms, voidtime could be considered to be like an ancient sailing ship becalmed in the doldrums, unable to go anywhere, but able only to drift with the prevailing currents.  
Except there was no ship.  And no real currents.
That’s because I lost Majoris again, just like before.  I guess I won’t be getting any medals for this.
Alone, cut off from all time, adrift in what was politely called voidtime because nobody had a better name, the crew of the wrecked jumpship Majoris now found themselves in a hopeless situation.  Their suit life support wouldn’t last forever.  Hypersuits didn’t have the ability to leap out of voidtime either.
They were trapped and Dringoth knew it was up to him to keep them alive, as long as he could.
Fifteen years before, during the First Battle of the Gauntlet, Dringoth had to devise strategies to keep the crew occupied and their hopes up while he figured a way out of their predicament.  Now, he wasn’t sure there were any options left, for in the First Battle they had been marooned in time stream T-4487, theoretically detectable by normal Time Guard sensors and ships.  Now, alone and adrift in voidtime, it was as if they had fallen out of the Universe altogether.  
A chime sounded in his ears and he glanced at his wristpad.  Comm 2 was blinking red.  A separate, seldom used channel for commanders.  He toggled a switch.
“Go.”
It was Surat.  “It’s hopeless, isn’t it?”
Dringoth swallowed hard.  “Don’t talk like that, Vijay.  Let’s just cut that crap right now. Nothing’s hopeless.”
Surat seemed to be drifting sideways, about ten meters away, his suit reflecting Dringoth’s own helmet lamps.  Other shapes slid in and out of the narrow cone of light…Chagos and Yang, he hoped.
“Yeah, I know that’s what all the books and vids say.  But let’s face it, Dringoth, you screwed up taking us back across the barrier, with your wacky crashjumps.  Too bad I won’t be around to see you court-martialed by the Guard.”
“Nobody’s getting court-martialed.  And stay off this channel.  If the others realize we’re using a back-channel, they’ll think we’re hiding something.  We’ve got to stick together or we’ll never survive this.”
“Nobody’s getting out of this alive.  We’re just delaying the inevitable—that’s all we’re doing.”
Dringoth cut off Comm 2 and was about to ping around to check on Yang and Chagos when a strangled cry erupted on Comm 1.  
He torqued his body around just in time to see one of them—it looked like Chagos—enveloped in a freezing, expanding mist.  
The cries came again, gurgles and huffs, then—nothing.
“Chagos!”  Dringoth used a thruster to shoot himself over to Chagos; already his suit had picked up a slow roll, fed by the loss of suit pressure, its internal atmosphere acting like a small thruster.  A sudden leak?  “Chagos…trigger your emergency air!  Chagos—”  Dringoth reached for the jumpmaster’s wristpad and tried to hit the switch, then he saw what had happened.
There was no leak.  Chagos had deliberately opened his suit up, deliberately exposed himself to the hard vacuum and was already dead of explosive decompression.  His face, caught in the light of Dringoth’s helmet lamp, was frozen in mid-scream, mouth open, covered with frost and air continued to vent, sending the crewman careening off into the black abyss.
Dringoth extricated himself from Chagos’ frozen arms and let the body drift away.  He gave it a little shove—it would drift across voidtime for eternity now—and puffed his own jets to rejoin the others.
“I couldn’t save him…his vent valve was stuck in the open position.  Everybody else okay? Let’s buddy-check all our valves, seals and ports right now.  In fact, let’s tether ourselves together…come on, let’s do it.”
Nobody had any objections.  
We’re all shaken by what happened, Dringoth thought.  Each time jumper extended a tether, Dringoth to Yang to Surat.  Tethers were unreeled and then made secure to eyelets on web belts.
“There.  Okay, now the buddy check.”  It was important to go simple when jumpers were in shock, important to get back to basics.  “I’ll check Alicia.  Alicia checks Vijay.  Vijay, you check me.  Got it?”
There were faint murmurs of assent.  The darkness of voidtime made everything seem like a  surreal dream.  “And turn on your helmet lamps.  I want everybody to be able to see everybody else.”
That should scare away the worst fears, he said to himself.  For now.  
“Okay, Alicia, you know the drill.  Just like we always did…start from the top.”
“Got it, sir.  I’m ready.”  Falling back on their training, with a litany every jolt knew from jolt school, that was the trick.  The less time to think, the better.  Dringoth knew that from the First Battle of the Gauntlet.  If he hadn’t focused them all on specific actions, it would have been worse.
“Okay, Alicia.  Helmet and headgear.  Visor, drink tube, displays and comms?”
Her voice seemed steady enough.  “All check, sir.  Visor clear—one scratch lower left my field of vision.  Drink tube operating…quantity at eighty-two percent.  Displays good.  Comms good.”
“Coupler?”
Yang cycled her quantum coupler.  “Coupler checks out on self-test.  Not currently pinging anything.”
“Good.  Now suit enclosure: protective outer layer, power-centric layer, life-critical layer, ballistic layer.”
“All good, sir.  Sustaining atmosphere within tolerances.  Main condenser at one hundred five watts.”
He could tell by the sound of her voice that the litany of a suit check was itself comforting, focusing her attention on the mundane and the routine, albeit items they needed to survive.
A time jumper’s hypersuit was a boosted exoskeleton and a fully enclosed structure that enveloped the jumper in a protected environment and augmented his human capabilities and senses so that he could fight and survive in almost any environment, from other planets to the floor of an ocean and anywhere in between, even voidtime.  Part spaceship, part submarine, part semi-autonomous robotic oversuit, the hypersuit was capable of doing a lot of the thinking, maneuvering and fighting for the jumper.  
Training on the uses and systems of the hypersuit typically took many months.
The Mk 1 hypersuit operated many subsystems, including the helmet/headgear subsystem, combat enclosure, body status and monitoring subsystem, environmental control and climate conditioning, power, sensors, and propulsion. 
“Okay, Alicia, very good.  Let’s check power now.”
Her voice was getting firmer.  “Power cells at seventy percent capacity.”
“Sensors.”
Yang ran down her sensor suite from memory and by individually checking each system.  “Radar, sound, broadband EM, decoherence wake, olfactory suite, chemical, radiological…all green and copacetic, sir.”
“Active camouflage?”  This system gave the jumper the ability to blend into a variety of natural and man-made environments, including a form of ‘cloaking’ that made them nearly optically invisible.  The signature control techniques involved in cloaking and camouflaging were closely held classified secrets inside Time Guard.
“Active camou armed but not engaged, sir.”
“Now for suit-boost.”
Yang responded automatically.  “Thrusters powered up and clear.  No flags or inhibits.”
“Super.”  Dringoth figured that went well.  “Now, you check Vijay.  Follow procedure.  Don’t skip anything.”
The rest of the buddy checks proceeded in the same fashion.  As Dringoth had hoped, the laborious process seemed to have a calming effect.  That and having some light to be able to see each other.
Then Surat ruined the mood completely.  “We’re not getting out of this, are we, Captain?”
Dringoth rolled his eyes, but no one could see that.  “Vijay, stop talking like that, okay?  You don’t know that.”
“You went through something like this before, didn’t you?  The First Battle and all that.”
Dringoth admitted it.  “We had to abandon Majoris, yes.  We were in a time stream but separated from the rest of the fleet.  It took awhile for them to find us.  But we were located and rescued.  So, stifle that kind of talk for now.  It doesn’t help us.”
Surat was quiet and Dringoth was content to let comms stay silent for awhile.  Unnerved but determined to hold everything together, Dringoth had his crew check and verify status of all systems, personal weapons, everything they had.  It was something to do.  It kept their minds off their predicament.  More importantly, it gave Dringoth time to think.  Of something.  Anything.
He could still hear Surat muttering quietly, more or less under his breath.  
“The River of No Man Passes…that’s what voidtime is…like Varanasi, like the Ganga…”
Dringoth decided on a different tactic.  He wouldn’t rebuke Surat directly.  He’d just overwhelm comms with specific orders.
“Alicia, you aced Temporal Physics, didn’t you?”
Yang was momentarily startled by the question.  “Uh, yes, sir.  Back at jolt school, they called me Bitch Goddess of Time…sir.”
“I see.  I want to try to find out where we are, and when we are.”
Surat stopped his moaning and humming.  “How’s that possible?  This is voidtime.  We’re completely out of time.”
Dringoth smiled quietly; his little stratagem had worked.  Surat was engaged in the conversation.  
“True enough, but aren’t there theories about being able to dead reckon, even in voidtime?”
Yang said, “There are, sir.  But they’re just theories.   Nothing proven.”
“Explain.” 
Yang launched into the same lecture she had heard so many times before, in TempPhys class at jolt school.  
“Well, sir, all time streams have worldlines, as you know.  A worldline is the path of an object in four-dimensional spacetime.  They’re like the construction scaffolding of time streams.”
“But we’re not in a time stream,” Surat complained.  “Voidtime is beyond time, by definition.”
Yang was warming to the task of explaining.  “True enough, Lieutenant, but at the quantum level, so the theory goes, worldlines should leave a kind of shadow, even in voidtime.  Imprints of the worldlines.  It’s like light.  Light is just EM energy.  It can be separated by wavelength into spectrum lines.  Time streams can be separated into worldlines.  Lines of cause and effect.  That’s how our ships navigate time streams.”
“What good does that do us here?” Surat said sourly.
“Maybe nothing.  But some theories suggest these shadows can be detected.  Or their effects, even in voidtime.  You have to have a chronograph, which I do have, and it has to be properly tuned and adjusted, which I really don’t know how to do.  But it may be theoretically possible.”
Dringoth was willing to grasp at anything, anything that would keep them occupied for as long as possible.  “Alicia, we’ve got time here.  I want you to work on your chronograph.  Use that theory.  Try to adjust it to detect these worldline shadows.”
“Yes, sir.”
“A complete waste of time,” Surat decided.
“Just do it.”  Dringoth knew he to find some way of pulling the Bengali lieutenant ‘away’ from Yang and engaging him in something else. “Lieutenant, I heard you humming a few minutes ago.  You mentioned Varanasi.  And the Ganga.  Explain.”
Surat seemed willing to do that.  “Varanasi is a sacred site to all Hindus.  Back on Old Urth, it was the most sacred site on the Ganges River, where Hindus, Buddhists too, go to seek salvation.  It’s one of the seven sacred cities along the river.”
“You’ve been there?”
“Not in person.  Virtual pilgrimage, about eleven years ago, when I was stationed at Hapsh’m.  That was jumpship Libra…we were drydocked for repairs.  Bugs zapped us this side of Eridani and shot out our core.  So I had a few days’ liberty and found this VR parlor down on Hapsh’m, real dive of a place.  I did the pilgrimage, then went and got laid and won some of the money back in a jack game.”
“The pilgrimage…what was it like?”
Surat launched into a fairly detailed description of the virtual Varanasi.  All the while, Dringoth kept an eye on Yang too.  She was engrossed in making adjustments to her suit chronograph, trying to tune it to detect what were probably undetectable worldline shadows in voidtime.  It was something to do.
When he was done, Surat seemed to be in a better mood.  “How about you, Captain?  You’ve got those two famous parents to outdo.”
Dringoth smiled ruefully and Surat tugged closer on the tether.  Soon, they were only a meter apart.
“I can’t surpass those guys,” he admitted.  “I don’t even try.”
Surat laughed.  “Bullshit…, sir.  I don’t believe that for a minute.”
Dringoth tried a shrug, a useless gesture in a hypersuit.  “You’re probably right. You mentioned Hapsh’m.  You know, I was there myself, I think before you came in with Libra.”
Surat smiled again.  Even in the glare of the helmet lamp, Dringoth could see the Lieutenant’s broad toothy grin.  “Oh, I heard about that little escapade.  Quite a stunt you did, sir.  It’s a legend around those parts.,”
Dringoth snorted.  “Yeah, right.  I managed to distinguish myself in one detachment mission…it was Operation Galactic Hammer, I believe. We weren’t even riding around in full jumpships back then, just those little scooters called chronopods. That’s when a small detachment of us returned to base and the base came under immediate attack from Coethi scouts who had hidden in the pods.  Somehow, they had morphed into human-like creatures and returned with the Detachment.  The Time Guard base at Hapsh’m was in one hell of a fight, but me and another crewman were able to rally a small force of mechanics, cooks, armorers, and office staff, including some bots, to counter-attack and destroy the Coethi, though some of them did escape back into another time stream.  For this effort, the Guard gave me a Distinguished Valor medal--DVM 3rd class with star clusters--and promoted me to Top Sergeant.  Not too long after that, I applied for Time Guard OCS and was admitted on probation, due to some piddling academic deficits.  At that time, the school was at the Time Guard base on Byrd’s Draconis.”
“And the rest is history.”  Without permission, Surat suddenly switched off his helmet lamp.  His face vanished into darkness.  “That reminds me of a time when—”
Dringoth’s comm chimed.  “Alicia…you got something--?”
“Maybe, sir.  I finished adjusting the chronograph a little while ago.  Now, I’m picking up something.  Something kind of weird.”
“How weird?”
“Well, you remember those worldline shadows I mentioned?”
“I remember.”
“I may have one, sir.”
“Explain.”
“I’m checking my chronograph now, running diagnostics to make sure this is real.  If it is, I’ve located a converging angle of worldlines.  At least, I think that’s what I’ve found.”
“And this means—”
“Sir, according to TempPhys, this can only happen around a convergence of worldlines, a confluence or a nexus of worldlines.  The shadows all seem to converge to a single point.”
“That’s impossible,” Surat told them.  “Not possible in voidtime.”
“That’s what I thought, too, Lieutenant.  But the chrono checks out.  Whatever it is, it’s real.”
Dringoth thought.  “What would explain that, Alicia?”
“The most logical explanation—the Occam’s Razor explanation—would be that my chrono is detecting some kind of inflection or merge point of worldlines, or shadows of worldlines.  If that’s true, it could only happen in a few known places.  For instance, if we were somehow ‘temporally’ near Time’s Peak, or something similar.”
“The Peak?”  Surat turned his helmet lamp back on abruptly.  His face was a sort of half-sneer.  “That’s preposterous.”
“Now hold on, Vijay, hold on.  Let’s science this all out.  Times’s Peak is a known confluence of major time lines, thousands of them.  It’s like a whirlpool or a vortex in time.  It’s what…maybe eight or ten light years in spacetime from the Sturdivant system?  Maybe it is possible.”
“More likely she read the chrono wrong.  Or it’s mis-calibrated.”
Yang was offended.  “Sir, I do know how to calibrate my chrono—”
Dringoth held up a hand.  “Okay, okay, Alicia, don’t get your Kevlar panties in a wad.  If this is even remotely true, we may have something we can work with.”
“Yeah?  How’s that?” Surat challenged him.  
Alicia’s news seemed like exciting news and her announcement momentarily buoyed everyone’s hopes, until they realized they had no real way of maneuvering toward the Peak or anywhere else, for that matter.  Or any way to control what happened even if they could.
“Thrusters and suit boost…what good does that do us?” Surat said.
But then Yang had an idea.  “Sir, what if we could gather all of us together, physically link everyone together to create a combined center of mass.  Then use our combined suit boost to thrust in the direction of the source?  Our combined momentum would take us in that direction.”
Dringoth considered that.  “How far are we?  Can you be sure it’s Time’s Peak?  And what happens when we get there?”
Yang knew she couldn’t answer any of those questions.  “My chronograph doesn’t give any distance measurements and since it’s measuring worldline convergence angles, it’s a temporal measurement anyway.  It would be more accurate ask how far are we in time…how long to reach the source?”  She shook her head, realized no one could see the gesture.  “It could take days.  Weeks.  Maybe years.”
“That’s just swell,” Surat said.  “That really does us a lot of good.”
“It gives us something to work for,” Dringoth told them.  “It gives us a reason for hope.  Maybe not much, but we don’t know.  But it’s something.  Alicia, I’m assuming our navigation would have to be incredibly precise to do this.  Maybe we save some suit boost for course corrections later.”
“That’s true, sir.  One small navigation error could be disastrous.  But once we got caught in the Peak’s gravitational field, it’s theoretically possible we could be slingshot out of voidtime, into some time stream.”
“And maybe rescued there.  Or at least, we could be tracked.  We’d have comms.”
They debated the idea for a few minutes but it was their only real shot.  The alternative was a slow death adrift in voidtime.  Once all the debating and criticism was over, Dringoth and Yang coordinated the operation.  
Then the moment came: as one, the three time jumpers synchronized their suit boost and fired.  Yang had done some calculations and the three of them had agreed on firing for several minutes, draining the boost until there was only about twenty percent left. 
“That gives us a margin for course corrections, if we need it,” Dringoth explained.
Surat muttered something incomprehensible, probably in Bengali.
The unspoken hope was that the acceleration would move them further and faster toward the convergence of worldlines that was Time’s Peak.  Nobody had any better idea.
“The only question,” Dringoth said, when the boost was over and all was quiet, “is how long our life support will hold out.”
Surat demurred.  “Who cares?  I don’t know about the two of you, but I don’t plan on dying of oxygen starvation.  If it comes to that, when the time comes—”
“When the time comes, we make whatever decision seems best,” Dringoth decided.  And that was that.  “As a precaution, everybody should go to the lowest O2 level they can tolerate, the lowest settings on your life support packs.  After that….”
“We wait…and hope and pray,” added Yang quietly.  Deep inside, her rational mind told her that they had zero chance of winding up anywhere useful in voidtime, for the very concept of time and location was meaningless in the abyss.  She liked to think of herself as a rational, even scientific person, focused on the facts, but images of her father, Ken Liu Yang, kept coming to mind, with his crooked grin and deep forehead scar, a result of an accident at the atmosphere plant Copernicus Corporation had just erected on a mountain peak inside Copernicus Crater, back when the Terran Moon was still airless.  Along with images of her father were words, even whole sentences, from a paper she had collaborated on at an impossibly young age.  Straight out of Net Tutor, she had joined Frontier Corps – UNISPACE as a science officer on several expeditions, one to the southern hemisphere Hellas Basin region of Mars.  She had developed an interest in glaciology while on Mars and did important research work identifying subsurface ice flows and modeling ice formations and glacial history in Mars’ southern hemisphere.  Her most influential contribution had been a paper in which she was co-author: “Creep, Flow and Ablation Historical Models of the Subsurface Hellas Basin Moraine Provinces.”  During these expeditions from Mariner City to Hellas and surrounding regions, Alicia had even become an accomplished rover driver as well as a scientist.  
Her thoughts were interrupted by Dringoth.
“Alicia, what was that you were saying?”
“Huh…oh, I don’t know.  And old research paper I once worked on.  I guess I was reading the words out loud…sorry, sir.”
After that, each jumper retreated into his own world.

Days passed.  Stories were told.  Bad jokes were knocked around.  Songs were tried and discarded, in fits of uncontrollable laughter.  A day came when Dringoth was lightly dozing—he had just sucked up the last of the fruit juice from his drink tube and his lips were drying out—when he saw Yang gesturing.  After the suit boost, the jumpers had agreed to pay out their tethers to a greater distance, some ten meters.
“Privacy,” Surat had explained.  “I just need a little space.”
That provoked ten more minutes of hysterical laughing.
Dringoth studied Yang’s gesture.  It was being directed at him.  She’s pointing to the comm selector, he decided.  Holding up two fingers.  She wants me to go to Comm 2.
Dringoth switched over.  Yang’s voice was hoarse, strained.  She coughed and wheezed a lot.  It was the low oxygen.  It dried out your throat, burned like hell.
“It’s the Lieutenant, sir.  I don’t know if you can hear it—on Comm 1—but I think he’s hallucinating.  I’m not sure what’s going on.  He hasn’t moved in twenty minutes.”
Dringoth switched back to Comm 1.  He listened carefully.  Yes, he could hear something, a whisper, a few words, but they made no sense….
“The Ghats…so steep…the river…you can make it…just a little further…I see the temple…Kashi Vishwanath…only a little further….”
Dringoth’s blood ran cold.  “Alicia, get over to him…he’s going to—”
“…Karunasiri…the Ganga, she rises…my blood….”
But before Yang or Dringoth could reach the Lieutenant, Vijay Surat had hallucinated himself into opening his pressure valves, exposing himself to the full vacuum.  The last remaining puffs of air put him in a slow roll.  
He was dead before they could reach him.  His face, still illuminated by an interior helmet lamp, was a frozen rictus of a smile, embedded in ghastly purple and splotchy red bruises, where the epidermal tissues had erupted.  
Yang took a deep breath, swallowed hard and closed the visor on his helmet.
After some memorial words, Dringoth unhitched Surat’s tether.  The last remaining wisps of suit air caused the Lieutenant’s body to drift off, until it was out of sight.
For nearly an hour, neither Dringoth nor Yang said anything.  Each was lost in his own thoughts.  Then….
“Captain, I’m not feeling so well.  My…I can’t breathe—errgghh”
She vomited harshly, right into her helmet.  “Alicia, drink…drink from your tube.  You’ve got a wipe stand in there, use it.  Wipe and drink.”
He hauled himself closer along the tether, not caring what kind of crazy motion the gesture would impart and when he came up to her, Yang had passed out.  Her body was turning blue.  She was still convulsing. Pulmonary oxygen toxicity.  He recognized the symptoms.
He checked her wristpad and found she had turned up the O2 flow, either accidentally or on purpose, there was no way of knowing.  Maybe colliding with Surat.  Maybe she thought she was turning up Surat’s O2.  Whatever.  With a grimace, he turned the flow down, then peered directly into her helmet, their helmet faceplates touching and bumping.
“Come on, Alicia…come on, stay with me.  Jumpmaster Yang, don’t pass out on me.  That’s an order.  Yang, do you hear me?”
Finally, he gave up and allowed his own centrifugal force to spin him out to the limit of the tether.  They were both spinning now, not rapidly, but he didn’t care.
Alicia, it’s not time.  Not yet.  It wasn’t like this before.  We didn’t follow this worldline before. Alicia….
In a snit, he turned off all comm channels and closed his eyes.  After a few minutes to settle his mind, to center himself, he spoke again, this time level-headed, more determined than ever.
“Peter, you there?”
The suit AI came back, loud and clear.  “Operating normally, Captain.  Do you have a request?”
“No, Peter, not really.  It’s just you and me now.  I’m not sure if Alicia’s alive or not.  She seems to be breathing.  But I can’t really tell if she’ll make it.”
“Jumpmaster Yang has exhibited no lifelike gestures or movements for four minutes and twenty seconds.  Micro vibration analysis of her suit outer garment indicates that life support is functioning normally, although at reduced levels.  Suit radiator panels have sublimated approximately twelve point seven five milliliters of water in the last hour.”
“Okay, Peter, I get it…I get it.  You can’t really tell.  I guess…we’ll just have to wait and see.”  Dringoth felt a lump in his throat.  He didn’t remember anything like this happening with Majoris’ crew before, after the First Battle of the Gauntlet.  What was different here?
“Peter, you and I have to talk.  That’s the only way I can stay sane.  Chagos and Surat both went nuts.  Alicia must have accidentally turned up her O2.  I don’t know how much she has left.  Peter, I’m not sure we’re going to make it.  That Peak’s a long way off.  It might help if I could see it.  See anything, really.”
“Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence.”
Dringoth laughed.  “Carl Sagan, right?  You’re just trying to cheer me up.  Maybe it’s time for my annual psych-eval…my psych fitness report.”
“Your next scheduled psychological fitness report doesn’t occur for another two hundred and two days, K-World time, Captain.”
 “Okay, so humor me, Peter.  Am I sane?  Have I lost my mind?  I just keep thinking about my family, my father and mother.  And the rest of my crew, Golich, Queenie, Acth:On’e, even URME.  I wonder how they’re all doing.”
“Recurring thoughts of family and friends can be evidence of memory recall problems…severe dislocations of memory are normally given as a diagnostic prompt in evaluations of memory loss.  Short term memory loss is an early indicator for a number of diseases such as—”
“Okay, Peter, that’s enough.  You sound just like my father.”
The AI was programmed to riff on little conversational tidbits like that.
“Captain, you’ve talked often of your father, Pyotr Dringoth.  In fact, I have a record of some one hundred and fifteen references to your father in the last month alone.  Perhaps there is something about the subject that bothers you?”
“Not really, Peter.  I was just thinking…even as a child, I guess I always imagined myself as a military expert.  I had all kinds of bots that I could program to be soldiers, sailors, quantum troopers.  I liked to re-create famous battles in my room, you know, with my bot kits, my angels and my own bugs, the nano you could get as a kid.  I’d do Telmark and Captain Skellen—that Trident expedition—and of course, all the Halo Alpha battles, with the Coethi…the real Bugs.  My father encouraged me to do this, but I didn’t like it when he tried to butt in and just take over the battle.”
Peter’s voice was always uninflected, almost flat.  “Captain, your previous psych-evals show a pronounced tendency to compete against your father, to seek out experiences where there is a high probability of achieving great levels of recognition, fame and glory.  Hazardous experiences.”
“So you’re saying I’m an adrenalin junkie, is that it?”
“Not at all, Captain, only that such efforts can be self-defeating as you are in fact competing against an idealized memory of this person.  You are setting yourself up to be always disappointed when you fall short of these unrealizable expectations.”
Dringoth gave that some thought.  “Maybe you’re right, Dr. Freud.  You know, I came from a family where my parents were both famous in their fields of expertise.  Pyotr was a great explorer of backwater worlds and satellites in the outer system of Sturdivant 2180. The only more famous person on Keaton’s World was General Keaton himself.  He’s the one who led the colony-founding expedition--First Fall--to Sturdivant’s fifth planet several hundred terr before I was born.  Pyotr Dringoth was the discoverer of the Hollows.”
“These facts are well known and recorded in many places, Captain.  Analysis of acoustic anomalies in your voice patterns indicate certain elevated levels of stress hormones such as adrenalin and cortisol when this subject comes up in conversation.”
“Yeah, well, maybe how I feel about them isn’t recorded as much.”
“These too are recorded in twenty-four complete psych-eval reports since you were commissioned into Time Guard, Captain.”
“I should have known.  Peter, is it recorded that with two famous parents and some overachiever siblings, I had to get out and left home for Frontier Corps at an early age, signing onto a freighter crew making the rounds of Sturdivant’s worlds?  Is it recorded that I was initially a robotics’ mate, then worked my way up over a number of years into positions of command?  How about that some ten terr after joining the Corps, I went through officer candidate school on Telitor, a nearby world of the star-sun Delta Recursa III?  Or that about five years after that, I was given command of small corvette called Lalande, which I skippered for another five terr, until a navigation error under my command caused the corvette to crash into a small asteroid in the Boru system?  Extensive damage to the ship led to an investigation and I was found to be negligent and at fault.  I was cashiered from Frontier Corps.  Is all that recorded too, Peter?”
“You know that your service record contains all this information, Captain.  But your cortisol levels continue to be elevated.  Perhaps, I should inject two-point two cc’s of Lexatonin, the prescribed serotonin reuptake inhibitor used for most Time Guard crewmembers?”
Dringoth chuckled.  “No, thanks, Dr. Peter.  But I am getting a little sleepy.  You wouldn’t have injected something to cause that, now would you, Peter?”
“Time Guard medical protocol prohibits any hypersuit ai from administering medicines unless certain conditions are met.  You have not yet met any of these conditions, Captain.”
“Even though I may be borderline psychotic, is that it?  Don’t answer that.  I’ll just sip from my tube a bit…and take a nap.”
Several minutes passed.  Peter, the hypersuit ai, detected an increase in rhythmic respiratory output, relaxed muscle tone and slowing eye saccades consistent with reduced cerebral EM activity…consistent with the onset of Stage 1 non-REM sleep activity. 
Dringoth’s snoring verified this analysis.
“Captain, would you prefer me to lower the suit temperature to a level consistent with regular four-stage sleep activity?”
There was no response.  Monthan Dringoth was sound asleep.

It was the chimes of Comm 1 that prodded Dringoth awake.  Momentarily confused, disoriented, he floundered a bit, then recognized the voice in his ears.
It was Alicia Yang.
“Captain, are you awake now?  Can you feel it?”
“Huh?  Feel…what?”
“I think we’re accelerating.”
Dringoth now came fully awake.  “Alicia, turn on your lamp.  I just need to see you…see anything.”
She switched on her helmet lamp.  Her hypersuit shone dully in the light.  “Captain, I was trying to use my chronograph, measure some angles.  They’re converging, getting smaller.  You know what that means?”
“You’re sure about that?”
“Pretty sure.  It means we’re nearing a confluence.  Time’s Peak, Captain.  The shadows or ripples of the worldlines are converging.”
They thought about that for a moment.  Then Dringoth came up with this:
“Alicia, you know no one’s ever gone by or through Time’s Peak before.  We’d be the first.”
“You always wanted to make a name for yourself, didn’t you, sir?”
Dringoth had to admit the truth of that.  And for the next day, Yang took measurements every hour, by their watches, a moment they both looked for, as each measurement confirmed her suspicions.
They were picking up speed, now caught in the pull of the great vortex of converging worldlines called Time’s Peak.  For better or worse, their approach to the Peak was pre-ordained.  It was a simple matter of temporal physics.
There were just two questions. Would they survive the trip?  And if they did survive, would they have enough momentum in the right direction to punch out of voidtime?  No one had ever done that before either.
Dringoth was finishing up the last fruit bar inside his helmet.  His drink tube was running dry too.  He had to suck hard to get even a drop.  Yang had a few bars left.  The petite jumpmaster was at best a nibbler.  Alicia never seemed to eat anything.  She had always been very small and her appetite “wouldn’t fill a squirrel”, according to fellow crewmember Evelyn M’Bela.  She liked fruits and had taken a variety of synthetic fruits with her as a personal allowance on the Cygnus missions.  Her favorite: kiyuva, an Indonesian fruit that had been genetically altered for low-grav environments. It was a guava-lime-mango blend.  She loved it.
“Well,” he said out loud, “that does it for me.  I’m out of eats.  Drinks too.  I’d even eat your kiyuva crap if I could get one.”
“Sorry, sir.  Fresh out.  Captain, not to be too morbid but I just want to say something.”
“Hey, don’t get all sentimental on me, Yang.”
“No, sir, it’s just that—well, whatever happens—I wanted you to know that it has been a pleasure and an honor to serve with you.”
Dringoth swallowed hard.  “And the same goes for me, Alicia.”
He watched her slowly spinning frame for a time and then saw her arms and legs twitching and jerking, seemingly spasmodically.  Convulsion?  Seizure?  Oxygen toxicity? 
“Alicia, are you all right?  Is your O2 set right?  You look like you’re convulsing.”
“What’s that?  Oh, no, sir.  I was practicing my dance moves.  I do that when I get bored.”
“Dance moves?”
“Oh, yes, sir.  When I was at Copernicus, I had a boyfriend…Emile Sambola, this Spanish chemist who I met in tai chi class.  I liked Emile because he was a natural dancer, graceful and athletic.  The two of us entered several dance competitions at Copernicus City and won Best Couple in one, a contest called the Terminator Rhythmics.   But when I shipped out to Mars, the relationship cooled.  But Captain, you wouldn’t believe the things you can do in one-sixth g…and not just on the dance floor.”
Dringoth could feel something around him.  He couldn’t quite put words to it.  It was like voidtime was a big sleeping bag and something was squeezing him.
“You feel that squeeze, Alicia?  Take another measurement.”
Yang did so.  The chronograph made the angle measurement and displayed the results on her head-up.  “Less than one degree, sir.  The angles have nearby converged to a point.  We’ve got to be close now.”
And then, there was no mistaking it.  Something was definitely squeezing them.

When he recorded his perceptions later, Monthan Dringoth described the trip around Time’s Peak as something like this: imagine being completely enveloped in a sleeping bag.  No sight, no sound.  But you could still feel everything outside that was happening to the bag.  Then imagine the bag was tossed into a raging whitewater river.  You still couldn’t see a thing.  But you could feel every rock and every hydraulic, every cataract and fall, and you were turned this way and that, bouncing and jouncing and bumping and rolling like a log until you were disoriented and dizzy and it was glorious and scary and every nerve in your body was alive and on fire.
That’s what it was like to ride down the throat of the great vortex called Time’s Peak.
By the laws of temporal physics, Monthan Dringoth and Alicia Yang were squeezed and smashed and battered and slammed until they had become numb to physical sensations and the ride became a more intellectual, even spiritual experience.  Yang prayed loud enough for Dringoth to hear her, prayed to her esteemed ancestors that she would honor them, that she would not disappoint them, that her great uncle Ho would find her actions worthy and be proud of her.
Dringoth just prayed they would survive.
How long they were thrashed, flogged, flayed and spanked by the Peak, neither of them could say.  Time seemed to stand still, which was accurate in a larger sense for the converging of worldlines had indeed brought the flow of time to a sort of bottleneck and inside the Peak, even the tiniest currents and disturbances in those worldlines would have immeasurable consequences on the other side of the Peak.
It was like the two time jumpers had been sucked down the throat of a vast and infinite bottle and once through the constriction, they had plunged out of control into the burbling foam of truetime itself and found themselves floating on an unbounded, limitless ocean of possibility.
Just as a butterfly in China was said to foster a hurricane a world away, so minute movements inside the throat of Time’s Peak could send unwary travelers along worldlines lightyears in extent, down eons of time, possibly to the other side of the Galaxy, even beyond.
How long they had spent passing by the Peak, neither Yang now Dringoth could really say.  It could have been minutes.  It could have been millennia.  
When Dringoth first opened his eyes, he knew they had left voidtime because for the first time in days, maybe weeks, he could finally see something, even though it made no sense and he blinked hard to make it go away.
They were hurtling down some kind of tunnel and the tunnel walls were thick with colliding, zooming images…wars and supernovae and people’s faces and buildings falling and waves crashing and skyships flying and stars erupting and tornados spinning…a speeding train ride down the tracks of time, all of it expanding and bursting around them like fireworks and it was just too dizzy and disorienting to keep watching, though he sometimes cracked open an eye, just to take a peek.
And when it was all over, Dringoth saw the most welcome sight of all for there was another hypersuited figure—it had to be Alicia—spinning slowly like a limp doll, some distance away, but at least she appeared normal and he waved at her and she waved back and they tried Comm 1 to see if they could talk.
“Captain, is that you over there?”
“It’s me, Alicia.  Looks like we made it…somewhere.  It’s not like any jump I ever made.”
Yang thought to try out the chronograph.  “The worldlines are diverging.  The angles are getting greater.  We’re in some kind of time stream.  I just don’t know which one.”
But the kaleidoscopic strobe effect was diminishing around them, the images fracturing like glass into billions of pieces and the normal starfield was emerging into view.   The sights were reassuring to Dringoth: stars, nebulae, galaxies of every shape imaginable, a deep field of light and gas clouds.  
“What a ride,” he muttered to himself.  “Think about it: we’re the first to do that, the first to pass through or near Time’s Peak.  Nobody ever did that before.”
“It was like the Dragon’s Tail at Copernicus City…the roller coaster they fashioned after the big one in Macau.  That thing really whips and jerks you around.”
“Any way to determine where and when we are?  We could have been thrown millions of years into the future.”
“Or the past, sir. I may be able to use the chronograph—if I can adjust it—to do some dead reckoning, make an approximation of the local worldlines.  Sum up all the angles and do some quick and dirty math.  I’ve got my suit ai to help me with that.”
“What name did you give your ai?  I call mine Peter.”
“What?  Oh, I named her Heike.  After Heike Sjalmersson.  She was the Norwegian girl who was supposed to be on the Trident mission.  I was her replacement, when she injured herself in a skiing accident, right before the mission.  It should have been her on that ship.  But it was me.  So I call my ai Heike, so we can talk.”
“You see what measurements you can make.  I’m trying Comms.  I’ll start with Comm 4, the emergency coupler band.  See if anybody’s listening.”  
While Yang adjusted her chronograph, Dringoth began transmitting in the clear.
“Any station…any station…Mayday, mayday, mayday…this is the survivors of Majoris, transmitting in the clear.  Any station…any station….”
For many minutes, Dringoth kept up his transmitting, and was just about to take a break when a staticky burst sounded in his ears.
“Majoris survivors…this is eerrgghhh…--umpship Scorpio, TGS-44, responding.  Come back.  Did you say --joris?  That ship was destroyed in the Battle of the Gauntlet.   Majoris survivors, unknown transmitter, come back.”
Dringoth’s heart leapt into his mouth.  Yang heard it too and punched a fist.
“Scorpio, this is Majoris surviving.  Jump Captain Monthan Dringoth with Jumpmaster Alicia Yang.  We’re the only survivors.  Where are we?  When are we?”
Now the return signal was coming in stronger.  “Majoris, Scorpio is on routine sector patrol…picket duty outside Time’s Peak…we are triangulating your coupler signal.  Expect to arrive in about one hour, your position.  Keep transmitting.  Turn on your rescue beacon…code 1, please.  We’ll home on that and know you’re real targets.”
“Copy that, Scorpio.  It’s great to hear a voice again.”
Now there was obvious puzzlement in the reply.  “You said you’re Jump Captain Dringoth…the Monthan Dringoth?”
“Affirmative.  Alive and mostly well.”
“Uh, that shouldn’t be possible, sir.  Dringoth and the whole crew of Majoris was lost in the Battle of the Gauntlet.  Who actually is this?  State proper identity, please.”
Yang interrupted the chatter.  “That’s what I was trying to tell you, sir.  Chronograph says we’re back in T-4487.  But it has to be a different worldline from before.”
Dringoth sucked in his breath.  There was no denying it, even to himself, even to a hardheaded time jumper.  As he pondered how to reply to Scorpio, a lot of hoary old sayings went through his head: you can’t go home again, no man steps in the same river twice, the moving fingers writes and having writ, moves on; lost time is never found again.
Finally, Dringoth decided on this.  “Scorpio, I am actually Monthan Dringoth, believe it or not.  It’s hard to explain what has happened.  We stepped into an Evans-Klein fissure on Gibbons’ Grotto, the Hollows, to get away from a Coethi attack.  Just check your records.”
There was a pause in the comm for a moment, then, “Majoris, the Battle at Gibbons’ Grotto was a hundred and forty terr ago.  Ancient history.  The Bugs were driven off.  The Grotto had to be abandoned because someone used a Time Twister on the Hollows.  How can you be from Gibbons’ Grotto?  Nobody’s been to that rubble pile in over a century.  How can Monthan Dringoth be both here and from that time too?”
“I told you.  We went through an Evans-Klein fissure.  It put us in this time stream.  I fought the Battle of the Gauntlet again.  I’m very much alive, you turdwipe.”
“But how does Monthan Dringoth, if that’s really who you are, wind up here, in this sector?  This worldline?  This is prohibited spacetime here.”
“We came through the Peak.  We came out of voidtime through Time’s Peak.”
Something like a chuckle was quickly stifled on the comm.  “That’s impossible.”
Dringoth was rapidly losing patience.  Rescue was supposed to be a happy time.
“Scorpio, just come pick us up, okay?  It looks like we’ve got some explaining to do.”
And in spite of the confusion and the inevitable bureaucratic bullshit that Time Guard smothered everything with, Dringoth and Yang were heartened almost beyond words when the dull black hull and flow vanes of jumpship Scorpio came slowly materializing out of the starfield and began heaving to a few hundred meters away.

TO BE CONTINUED
Appendix:
Jumpships: Design and Layout

Jumpships are key elements of temporal power and Time Guard’s flagship vessels for executing excursions into and out of various time streams and projecting power in these time streams.  Jumpships are effectively time machines, with a full complement of weapons and sensors.
Jumpships carry a nominal crew of six:  Jump Captain (CC1), Temporal Operations (TT1), Temporal Engineering and Maintenance (TM1), Time Stream Search and Surveillance (TS1), Defense and Protective Systems (DPS1) and Temporal Fire Director (TFD1).  Some ships carry slightly different crew complements, depending on the mission but six is standard practice for most ops.
What does a jumpship look like? Think of a big watermelon, a bulbous rounded structure, tapering at both ends, streamlined for flight through time streams and also in many types of fluid environments.  Protruding from the exterior hull are numerous control surfaces and propulsors, including planes, flow vanes, rudders, stabilitors, and propulsor cones, port and starboard.
Each Time Guard jumpship (from Mark III versions onward) supports six interior decks and a tailpod. In plan view, each deck can be thought of as a circle. Bow to stern, they are:
A Deck:  This deck is sometimes referred to the Command and Control (CC) deck.  Interior arrangement includes primary and secondary consoles for ship control and maneuvering (CC1 station), as well as consoles for Search and Surveillance and Fire Direction (including flight stations for TS1 and TFD1).  In the center of the deck circle is an access hatch to the gangway, a central tunnel traversing all decks which allows crewpersons to move from one deck to another.
B Deck: This deck is for crew berthing, habitat spaces and the galley.  The crew’s mess compartment is here, complete with tables, lockers, kitchen equipment, sinks and fabs (replicators). There is also a wardroom or common room, the Captain’s stateroom and berth spaces for all crew members.  These compartments are wedge-shaped (think pie slices) and are accessible from a circular ring around the gangway tube.
C Deck: This deck is for Stores and Supplies.  It’s the cabinet and attic of the ship.  There are several compartments for wet stores, one larger compartment for dry stores.  There is a third compartment for hazardous stores.  Each stores compartment is shielded from the rest by a nanobotic barrier.  Entry into hazardous stores is controlled and limited access.  The person entering better have the key needed to de-materialize the botscreens…or they’ll wind up so much atom fluff in a hurry.
D Deck: This deck is for Nanobotic Containment, especially for bot masters.  There are three shielded containment vaults as well as several work benches and a test bench.  There are also controls for electron beam injectors, in case of a containment breach and an interface control console for configuration management and remote ops with the bots and associated swarms.
E Deck: This deck is for Engineering, Machine Shop, Utilities and an Armory.  The engineering compartment contains flight stations and work spaces for the TM1 and DPS1.  There is also a machine shop compartment with tools and 3-d fabs to make many parts and gear needed for normal jumpship missions.  The shielded and secured armory compartment contains weapons lockers with security barriers, as well as the engine, generators, emitters, power source and controls for the collapser and deflectors.  The main hatch is also located in a separate compartment on this deck. 
F Deck: This deck contains the lockout for ingress and egress from the ship as well as the power plant and additional storage space related to these functions.  The lockout chamber allows crew members to enter and exit the ship in hazardous environments while not putting the rest of the ship at risk. There are supplies such as gas flasks for supporting this operation. Also, the crew’s hypersuit stowage lockers and support gear are located in another compartment on this deck.  There is a generator compartment for vital power supply to all systems and the main power plant, in a heavily shielded and secured compartment of its own. 
Tailpod: A jumpship’s tailpod is the engine of the ship.  The crew has some (limited) access to the tailpod space but not while the ship is ‘in jump mode.’   The collapser generator is located on this deck, as well as port and starboard propulsor ports and controls for in-stream maneuvering.  Flowvater and rudder controls are located here.  But the main item of business here is the singularity core itself, the thing that allows jumpships to jump, to travel into and out of time streams and to navigate safely across time streams. The singularity core is the heart of any jumpship.  Without it, a jumpship is little more than a big garbage scow.   Fully functional, a modern jumpship can go just about anywhere and anywhen.  There is also a neutralized, inert and unactivated singularity core in shielded storage on this deck.
Additional appendix entries will cover normal operation of Time Guard jumpships, including fundamentals of time jumping. 
About the Author
Philip Bosshardt is a native of Atlanta, Georgia.  He recently retired but worked for nearly 25 years for a large company that makes products everyone uses…just check out the drinks aisle at your grocery store. He’s been happily married for over 27 years.   He’s also a Georgia Tech graduate in Industrial Engineering.  He loves water sports in any form and swims 3 miles a week in anything resembling water.  He and his wife have no children.  They do, however, have one terribly spoiled Pekingese dog named Chance. 
     For technical and background details on his series Tales of the Quantum Corps, visit his blog Quantum Corps Times at http://qcorpstimes.blogspot.com.  For details on other books in this series, visit his website at http://philbosshardt.wix.com/philip-bosshardt or learn about other books by Philip Bosshardt by visiting www.smashwords.com. 
     To get a peek at Philip Bosshardt’s notes and the backstory on how the Time Jumpers series was created, recent reviews, excerpts from upcoming books and general updates on the writing life, visit his blog The Word Shed at: http://thewdshed.blogspot.com.
      Download the next exciting episode of Time Jumpers from Smashwords.com and other fine ebook retailers.  It’s called ‘Cygnus Rift’.  Available on May 3, 2019.












