
TIN ROAD
Book 2: The Metal Heart Trilogy

By
Melinda Jasmine Crouchley

Copyright © 2020 Melinda Jasmine Crouchley
All rights reserved.
ISBN: 9798699965472
Imprint: Independently published

To Dan Robertson
You make-a da pasta.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. Fort Columbia
2. The Dalles, Oregon
3. Portland, Oregon
4. Patient Zero
5. Ashland, Oregon
6. Lithia Park
7. Waking Up
8. Siskiyou County
9. The Haunting
10. Bakersfield, California
11. Making Friends
12. Tehachapi Mountains
13. Finding Purpose
14. Edwards AFB
15. Atonement
16. Houston Texas
17. Storm Warning
18. Dante’s Inferno
19. Introducing Alpha
20. Mexico
21. Mexico City, Mexico
22. Kern Facility
23. Titusville Florida
About the Author

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
Round Two in the Metal Heart trilogy and I couldn’t be happier to have folks who are continuing to follow along on adventures with my three favorite idiots.
My journey with Tin Road wouldn’t have happened without the loving support, gentle and insistent encouragement of my spouse, Daniel Robertson. I also have to give a shout-out to my beta-readers—Jan Robertson and Karen Crouchley for stepping in at the last minute to help me smooth out any plot wrinkles before everything went to press. You’re all life-savers in more than just the literary sense. You’ve been an incredible support network during turbulent times and a consistent presence for not only my book babies, but my baby-baby as well. There are not enough words to express my gratitude, but I hope you know how much that support has enabled this book to be a real thing.
I can’t forget Angel Porter for insisting I speak at your book club and purchasing extra copies of Metal Heart and just making me feel like “not a failure” as an author for taking the easy way out with self publishing. I think you actually like the stories too? ;)
The Multnomah County Library Writers Project made my publishing dreams come true for the second time. Only this time it was in the middle of a global pandemic. I will never forget the wild juxtaposition of seeing Tin Road appear in the Multnomah County Library collection alongside the news that the entire world was shutting down to cope with Coronavirus.
Promoting a book about a global deadly virus in the middle of a global deadly virus is tricky business. The important thing to focus on in both the story and in real life is that while the virus presents a very real threat, as always, the bigger threat posed to humanity is humans themselves. How we cope with viral, ecological, and technological disasters defines how we will survive as a species. Our humanity in times of crisis, and our ability to take care of everyone in chaos, is being put to a moral test.
I just hope it’s a test that we can all pass. Our future depends on it.
As for the future of our friends: there’s still one more book in the series, Iron Curtain. You don’t want to miss it!


CHAPTER ONE:
FORT COLUMBIA
Rabbit Santiago wants me to shoot him. It’s only with a hand-held EMP, and only to obscure the signal transmitting from the band around his wrist. But considering tonight I already shot and killed his best friend, it’s a tall and brutal order. I’m rooted to the spot—finger poised on the trigger—when the sound of sirens stirs us. A hovercar is on its way.
We hear the wails before we see it mount the horizon, floating above the ground like a flashing gray ghost. My finger twitches against the metal and the EMP gun kicks. Rabbit grits his teeth as a pulse sucks all the juice from his tech.
“That hurts,” he grunts, rubbing at the glowing band.
“It shouldn’t.” Aside from an unpleasant static cling, the EMP guns are harmless.
“Well it does. Now get down.” He grabs my arm and pulls us both to the earth. My knees hit the dusty grass first, and then my chin grinds into the rough soil. I curse under my breath, but Santiago doesn’t seem to hear it. I wipe at my throbbing chin, smearing a crusted patch of blood I didn’t even realize was there.
His instincts aren’t bad. The hovercar rolls about a thousand yards past our position, towards the signal emitting from Clinton Fuller’s band. The RFID called them here. Two flood lights attached to either side of the vehicle's windshield kick on and the body of our deceased friends are now bathed in eerie blue light. Beside me, still gripping my wrist with his fierce bony fingers, Rabbit sucks in a breath and blows it out. I catch a whiff of cinnamon, overridden immediately by the tang of sweat and metallic odor of blood.
Eleni and Fuller’s blood. We’re covered in it.
“We need to get out of here,” I say, my vision locked on the scene. Neither of us moves. We’re transfixed by the steady motion of the machine and the fact that two people died tonight because of what we did.
The metal ramp rolls out of the bowels of the hovercar with a clinical thud and medical officers emerge, carrying a single stretcher and medical equipment. Half of them run to Fuller's inert body and the others cautiously approach the tarp we laid on top of Len. I don't know if I can watch this. I don’t want to see them lift her shroud. I can’t see her body again.
“Let’s go.” I climb to my feet, dislodging the steel vice grip Santiago has on me.
“Scarlett, wait.”
“We can’t. We need to get to the water. Wash the blood off our hands. We’re covered in blood.”
“I know.”
“Then what are you doing?”
“Maybe they’re still alive. Maybe she—maybe we can fix this.”
“I shot Fuller in the head with your rifle. Nothing can fix that.”
The medical officers far across the field have radioed for backup. More vehicles approach, wailing off in the distance.
“Shit,” Rabbit says.
“Let’s move.” I grab his arm this time.
I don’t see or hear or feel anything for the next fifteen minutes except the reverberating thump of my heart, the pound of our legs over the dry grass, and the labored breath ringing in my ears. We hit gravel then train tracks, dashing over them and skidding down an embankment to the lip of the river. Rabbit sheds his pack—no, not his pack, Len’s pack—in one swift, almost graceful movement and plunges headfirst into the water. I stand on the shore watching him, my boots crunching in the silt. He’s gone for a while. He’s gone for too long.
“Rabbit?” I send the question out over the undulating water. The current is fast and strong. He could’ve been carried far from shore by now.
There’s only silence.
Finally, after almost a full minute he explodes up from the water, gasping loudly. OK, he’s breathing. It’s my turn. I crouch near the edge of the water as he comes slogging out, his body dripping wet—heat and moisture steaming from his head. He unintentionally splashes me, but I hardly notice. He looks like someone took a bucket of water to a scarecrow.
“You were under for a while,” I say.
He doesn’t answer. He walks a few feet from where the water touches the edge of Oregon and he falls into a heap. I turn my attention to the bitter cold river lapping softly against the shore. Everything is moving. Nothing stops just because we fucked up. We can’t stop here either. Not for long.
Once my fingers are submerged in the Columbia and I’m wiping the red from under my fingernails—I realize the cold is not that bad. Warmer than I thought it would be. The bare skin of my clean hands eases the tension in my neck and shoulders. I wipe my hands on the outside of the pack. There’s blood caked everywhere else on my body, but at least my hands are clean.
“We’ve got to keep moving.” My eyes flicker over to Rabbit washed up on shore, nothing but a skinny pile of laundry.
He makes an indecipherable grunting noise and drags himself up from the sand. He walks over to the embankment, crawls to the top, and peers over. I join him, elbowing up next to him and grinding my shoulder against his. His gaze doesn’t flicker away from the chaotic scene across the field.
The hovercars still perch near the Salt patch. My Salt patch. I’ve spent an entire year cultivating that crop. My stash of Ecto and the remaining vials of Flash are hidden there. The sounds of the officers rummaging through the shed and their headset chatter drift across to where we sit. Rabbit’s breathing is labored. I shake his shoulder roughly.
“What’s wrong with you?”
“I don’t know.” He doesn’t pull his gaze away from the hovercars and officers. “I can’t breathe. Everything is fuzzy.”
“Can you pull it together?”
“Yeah, I can.” He runs both hands over his face.
He notices the wet bandage and peels it from his head, dropping it to the ground. DNA evidence. We shouldn’t leave it here, but what does it matter? Rabbit’s DNA is all over Len. Their genetic material all mixed up. His saliva on her lips. I swallow at the hard snarl of grief building in my throat. Rabbit’s in shock. So am I. But not all my instincts have fled.
“We can’t leave that here.” I poke him and pick up the bandage. “We’re fugitives now, dummy. Everything is evidence. Everything we do leaves a trail.”
He says nothing in response, so I slide down the ravine to the river and toss the bandage in. He joins me at the shore.
“It’s safer to walk down here, out of their direct line of sight,” he says.
I shrug. I’m certain we’re leaving footprints behind us, but there’s nothing we can do about that. We can’t stealthily and quickly escape. We’re on foot. They have hovercrafts and thermal scanning and—oh shit, they have thermal scanning.
“Thermal scanning Santiago. They’ve got thermal scanners on the drones. And we’re crawling with RFIDs in these Academy clothes. We are so screwed.”
Rabbit surveys his clothes and our equipment in mute surprise, as if he’d never considered such a possibility before. Of course he hadn’t. He never planned to escape.
“We’re not going to make it to Mexico. We’re not going to make it another 500 feet.”
“Walking in the river would keep our core body temps down.”
“But the cold and current might kill us.”
“Prothero’s going to kill us. I’d rather be cold than—” his voice breaks and he stops moving to close his eyes—“dead.”
He stopped to regain equilibrium. I stop with him. I need a little equilibrium, too.
“We’re going in the water then?”
“Unless you have a better idea.”
I veer off towards the river and hoist my pack up onto my head like we learned in field exercises, then wade into the water up to my neck. Rabbit follows suit. The water is so cold it momentarily steals the breath from my lungs. That’s fine. There’s not much to say at the moment.
Ten minutes pass in silence as the current carries us from the dead and back towards the base.
Rabbit interrupts the quiet. “Hold up. The band’s back on.”
“Oh god finally, I can’t feel my toes.” I breathe a sigh of relief as we swim back to shore. I duck under the water before we hit the sand and feel the caress of the water pulling the blood and brains out of my hair. There were brains in my hair.
I toss my pack to the ground and flop my water-logged head down on it. Stones and scrubby grass patches poke my back and provide an uneven cushion, but since I’m numb with cold from the neck down, it hardly matters. Rabbit grabs the EMP gun, fires another round at his wrist, and our tech goes dark.
“We’re not moving fast enough,” he says, features set in a scowl. “The EMP is slowing us down. I’m slowing us down.”
It’s true. Our progress through the water is a struggling crawl and the nearest train station is an hour away on the other side of Fort Columbia. We’ll have to travel past a heavily fortified military base to make it to the very first stop on our destination. With an entire arsenal of soldiers who will be looking for Rabbit Santiago, because according to the registration on the plasma rifle—he killed Clinton Fuller. Then again, according to the prints and DNA evidence also on the rifle, so did I. I killed Clinton Fuller.
“What do you suggest?” I ask quietly. The thought of killing someone, even an asshole like Fuller, has a sobering effect.
It doesn’t hardly seem possible, but Rabbit’s scowl grows even deeper.
“Nothing.” He climbs to his feet, dripping wet. “There’s nothing we can do about it. At least, not right now.”
Huh. He might not be a super telekinetic wizard like Len, but maybe he has a kernel of intelligence rattling around inside his shaggy head.
“Back to the water,” I mutter.
The thought of dipping a single part of my body back in the freezing river makes the teeth in my head chatter. Rabbit doesn’t hear or at least pretends he doesn’t. The only option left is to suck it up. Within the first few minutes of re-entering the water, my teeth clack together uncontrollably. My lips might be turning blue. Everything is numb and I can’t even form words. It’s just so damned cold.
Our progress is painfully slow. Every fifteen minutes our tech resurfaces and Rabbit wipes them out of existence with the single pull of a trigger. The mood in our little party is sullen and soaked. Maybe it paints me out to be a terrible person, but at the moment the only thing driving me forward is the promise of a hot shower in one of the train Commons. And maybe a warm blanket to snuggle up in. It’s only half an hour away now.
I’m envisioning my numb fingers closing around a steaming mug of hot chocolate when the sound of dogs barking breaks the silence off to our left. They’re probably a few thousand feet away but getting closer. It’s hard to tell if they could pick up our scent from each of our brief adventures out of the current.
“Oh god. We forgot about the dogs,” I whisper hoarsely. The icy waters have closed their fingers around my throat. It’s difficult to breathe, let alone speak.
“They won’t smell us out here,” Rabbit says, but his words are coated in doubt.
“You don’t sound so sure.”
“I’m not.”
“Well, hell. What do we do now?”
He stops and turns to look at me. At the same moment our bands thrum to life and throw dim splashes of light on our faces. His lips are dark and there are deep bags under his eyes.
“You look awful,” I say.
“So do you.”
It’s my turn to scowl. “Let’s go back to shore.”
We make another foray onto dry ground and it’s only once my body leaves the life-draining tendrils of the Columbia that I realize I can’t force myself back in. We’re gonna have to take our chances on land. Rabbit does his EMP business—the light fades—and we lay on the gritty edge of the river gasping air into our defrosting lungs. I take the opportunity to glance around and realize we’ve reached the far edge of the base. A guard tower climbs into the sky several hundred yards ahead of us. The docks lay beyond that.
I nudge Rabbit and tilt my head towards the docks. The lights in the guard towers blink on, filling the night with a flood of white light. The illuminated circles sweep the river water in wide, arcing rotations. The sounds of the dogs and soldiers grow steadily closer. A siren peels through the muffled din, startling me. I grab onto Santiago’s shoulder and he glances over at me.
“It’s OK,” he whispers. This time he actually sounds reassuring. “This is standard procedure. They don’t know where we are.”
“Standard procedure,” I echo in a dull, unhappy voice.
“Exactly.” He stands, catching my arm and dragging me up with him. His hand melts around mine. It’s warm—warmer than my own. He loops our fingers together and pulls me forward. It’s stumbling, fumbling progress over the earth.
“We’re still a few steps ahead. We can make it,” Rabbit says.
We make a bit more progress on land and then the docks emerge into full view. There are guards posted at each tower. The towers climb up out of the water—enormous metal and stone structures supported by huge concrete pylons—leaving about twelve feet of gap between the current crest of the river and the docks.
Cargo containers sit piled up along the walk, between the base gate and the docks. They could provide some cover, but there's no way to bypass the electrified razor wire fence. Thermal scanners and security cameras are everywhere. This port is heavily fortified. There’s no easy passage through this part of the river.
“I’m waiting for another bright idea.”
“Back in the water. We have to swim under the docks. It’s the only way to avoid the tech and guards.”
“I said a bright idea.”
“It’s our best shot. Doesn’t get any brighter.”
“Should we dump the packs? They’ll sink us like stones and we’ve got a long way to swim. They are probably crawling with RFIDs and nano tech anyway.”
“I need to get something first.”
He drops to his knees and unzips the pack. I do the same with mine. My stuffed dog, Toto is the only thing I can carry. He might get a little wet, but at least the drugs and stipend allotments inside him are sealed in a plastic baggie.
I glance over to see what precious cargo Rabbit unearths from Len’s bag. There wasn’t anything personal left of hers to pack, aside from her tin box. Sure enough, when I turn, the hateful treasure is gripped tightly in his hands.
“Oh hell no.” I reach to pull it away from him.
He sweeps it out of my grasp and glowers at me.
“I’m not getting rid of this. Eleni died for this box.”
“She died because your best friend shot her but—you know—I guess that’s a minor detail.”
“She died to protect the Contras. She died protecting us,” Rabbit says.
“She died because of what’s in there. You wanna drag that around with you?”
He doesn’t respond. Instead, he grabs out a large baggy of rations from the pack, dumps out the contents, then stuffs the tin inside. It pulls against the sturdy plastic but Rabbit persists. He zips the ration bag closed and stuffs it up inside his shirt, tucking the shirt material down into his pants and wrapping his jacket around it.
“You’re such an idiot. You look like such an idiot.”
“At least I’m not holding a stuffed animal.” He points at the fake terrier.
“This stuffed animal is gonna save our lives. More so than that sad bastard box of yours.” I poke his chest.
He bats my arm away, retreats to the water, and submerges himself. I grab my bag, feed it to the hungry churning mouth of the river and follow his lead. The water is thousands of tiny needles pricking my skin. My limbs are already exhausted, trembling with effort. I don’t even want to imagine what kind of ridiculous figure I cut, splashing underneath the pillars.
I resurface once the comforting womb of the docks folds over us. We’re in the shadow of the structure and I can see the rust of the metal slats and cobwebs and all sorts of grimy dust that has lodged itself in every nook and cranny underneath the dock. Rabbit’s head bobs to the top of the water and his lips are dark again, the bags under his eyes deepened.
“Only five more to go,” I whisper, my voice echoing and tinny.
He nods and we roll under the water again—two flailing humans doing our best to avoid detection. I emerge two docks down the row and see Rabbit is already clearing the last dock.
“Jerk.” I surge down into the depths again, my whole body wracked with shivers.
My arms and legs are cramping up by the fifth dock and I can no longer hold my breath long enough to stay fully submerged. The icy waters push against my mouth, threatening to spill down my throat. We’re traveling west with the current, so this should be much easier than if we were fighting it, but I can’t seem to move faster than a snail crawl. I’m about to give up, lay flat on my back and let the tide carry me away when Rabbit’s steely fingers grasp mine. We’re directly underneath the last dock, out of the line of sight of any cameras or guards. He pulls me close to him and his icy lips brush against my ear.
“We’re going to swim down past the curve. The dogs or the spotlights will catch us if we don’t. I’m hoping the cold and the water interferes with the signal cast by the band long enough for us to move on without being detected.”
I arch an eyebrow. “So, you’ve never thought of escape?”
He Rabbit-scowls and then a small, tight smile flashes across his lips. “Maybe once.”
“Or twice.”
“You going to be able to swim the whole way? It’s far.” Rabbit casts his eyes over to the curve. It must be at least half a mile. Twenty minutes or longer, with the way we’re moving.
“I was on the swim team in secondary,” I say. “Mostly diving, but I could do a decent 750 free.”
“Me too. I was a lifeguard in secondary.”
“Then let’s do this.” I take a deep, even breath, duck under the water and kick away from him.
We come up for little breaths of air roughly every minute, but I’m not keeping accurate time. It’s probably less, though I remember managing that much in swim meets. Sometimes I see Rabbit. Sometimes I don’t. Mostly I don’t because he’s either ahead or behind me. The tin box gives him more trouble than he cares to admit. He should dump it in the river. Let the current carry it away. Even with what seem like frequent breaks to the surface, my lungs burn. It’s been a couple years since I swam this hard and even with the rigorous National Service training, my body is not in this particular kind of shape. Swimming uses different muscles than running or climbing or jumping. My legs are doing alright, but my arms are giving out a little more with each stroke.
“Almost there,” Rabbit says the next time our heads bob up for oxygen.
I blow water out my nose and head back under. He’s right—we have less than a few thousand feet to go. I’m trying to keep an ear open for sounds of helos or dogs or drones but so far all those noises are far away. We’re on the opposite side of the base now and they wouldn’t be expecting us over here yet. They are probably still combing the fields and maybe searching into The Dalles. That would be a logical place for us to run. We probably confused them by running straight back at the base, instead of east.
A few more feet and I break through the murky brown water into the fresh air, gasping and shuddering. Rabbit emerges moments later, shaking water off his head and gazing around with a stunned expression.
“Geez, I’m out of shape,” he laughs, brushing a trembling hand through his hair.
We scoot towards the shore, letting the current carry us further downstream even though we’ve already crested the curve. The more distance we can gain the better. We finally stumble out of the water and collapse in a heap, nearly on top of each other. Steam billows off our bodies. Rabbit, despite his long submersion in the Columbia, is creepily warm.
We catch our breath and don’t speak for a full minute.
“You still got that stuffed animal?” he asks, panting.
I nod and hold Toto up.
“You still got that stupid tin?”
He nods and pats the exterior of his jacket.
“I’ve got another idea,” he says.
“I hope it’s better than the last one.”
“Much.” He rolls over onto his knees and shakes his body like a wet dog.
He unzips his jacket and flings it off to the side. Next he strips off his shirt and pants until he’s dripping wet in nothing but his underwear. Then, he sits cross-legged on the shore and clicks on his band. It thrums to life with a stutter. My own band freezes against my skin but I’m too numb from the low temperature of the water to feel anything but miserable and lethargic.
He taps a few buttons and enters a line of code. The band flashes and squawks with a horrible feedback, then produces a pleasant-sounding chime.
“What did you do?” I ask, peering over at him.
“I re-synced my band. I should have done this before but I was too worried. I wanted to get past the base.”
He rolls through more lines of code, tapping and squinting at the virtual read-out.
“Clarify that for me please?”
“I can’t deactivate the signal, but I can relocate it. I can confuse the triangulation systems and make it look as though the band is transmitting from another location. There’s just one problem—the only other time I’ve done this—I used the unique hardware code embedded in Clint’s band.”
I shrug. “So what?”
“That’s the signal I’m transmitting from now. They’re going to know pretty quickly it’s false. Unless I can find another military band with the same frequency as ours—I’m not going to be able to pull this stunt off. And there’s a limited range. We’ll be traveling out of it within oh, probably five miles or so,” Rabbit says, contemplating the tech.
“At any given time, they will know our location within five miles? Is that what you’re telling me?” I ask.
“It’s better than the alternative. We need another EMP or something else to confuse the GPS but this will work. For now.”
“Whatever. As long as we’re not painting a bright red beacon on our tails, I don’t care.”
“We’re under the radar.” A shudder rolls over his body.
“Here—take this jacket.” I shed my coat and hold it out to him. “It’s RFID free. I couldn’t have Prothero tracking me on my drug runs.”
He takes it with a nod and slips it over his shoulders, zipping his torso up and out of my sight.
“Speaking of drug runs—I can get us on the train. I have connections. Just let me do the talking,” I say.
“Does anyone ever tell you to stop?”
“Nope.”
I unzip the stuffed dog and let the contents fall out onto the ground. The water hasn’t infiltrated the inner baggies, but the outer baggy is damp. I shake it out and retrieve a tiny vial of liquid Ecto.
“Is that—?” Rabbit asks.
“Yep.”
Our ticket to boarding the train.


CHAPTER TWO:
THE DALLES, OREGON
We approach the train station with as much dignity as possible, given the fact that Rabbit wears nothing but a jacket and tight, white underpants. We’re both dripping wet. The station is small despite its proximity to Fort Columbia. There aren’t many soldiers or residents lining up to take cross country trips, so the traffic from the base has never been great.
The station is equipped with the bare necessities of any high speed transit launching point: a terminal to purchase fare, a bathroom equipped with a scanner to gain entrance, and a vending machine where you can buy basic items like toothpaste, snacks, hygiene products, small medical kits, and vials of bright green Swamp.
Swamp is a cheap knock-off of the magical elixir Prothero doles out to all the residents, soldiers and officers on base to ward off NV. As far as I can tell, Swamp is a placebo. Nobody I know has lived a longer, fuller life because of it. Prothero lets ConFoods manufacture it because if there’s an alternative to the government issued inoculations on the market, their pretense at a monopoly can go undisputed.
It tastes as awful as it looks. I should know—my parents used to feed me this crap all the time. At first they would make me take the dose right out of the vial. But I rebelled enough that they started sneaking it into my food—green eggs and ham style. My mother would whip it up into our breakfast food like we wouldn’t notice the slightly-off color. Logan would always be the first to complain because he was a brat.
Man, I miss him. The Swamp trauma probably explains my aversion to all kinds of breakfast foods now, as an “adult.”
“Do people still buy that crap?” I poke a finger at the vending machine display.
“Of course they do. God, I’m starving.” Rabbit slumps his shoulders and head up against the machine in an attempt to look as pathetic as possible. It works.
“You do look a little emaciated. I wasn’t gonna say anything.”
I fish around in my pocket for a few of the stipend payments I’ve stashed in there. I scan them through the machine and tell Rabbit to pick anything he wants. He selects a chocolate bar and a bag of cheese sour cream potato chips. On the other side of the vending machine is a bench and above that, under the cover of a glass roof, a monitor displays the next arrival time of the westbound train.
Train #0082 will be docking in precisely five minutes and thirteen seconds. The information is translated into three different languages below, along with an icon to scan and read the text in hundreds of additional languages.
We sit on the bench and split the meager dinner of grease, corn, and sugar. It tastes amazing. Pleasant notes of exhaustion sing in my brain, coursing up and down my legs and arms as soon as I’m done eating. The weight of the food in my stomach makes me sleepy.
“I could sleep for twenty hours,” I say, licking the last crumbs of orange cheese stain off my fingers.
Rabbit heaves a sigh and clicks on his band, scrolling through the waves with a slender finger. I watch the colors roll and change on his read-out. They cast some measure of warmth and normalcy around us. Look, it’s the waves. The real world still exists. We didn’t break everything.
Just ourselves.
“Nothing about us yet,” he sighs again, with an undertone of relief in his voice that soothes my spirits a little. Rabbit makes me wary, but it sure is nice to have someone in this mess with me.
“Good, that’ll make boarding the train easier.”
Rabbit leans back to rest his head on the bench like he’s tucking into bed. He’s snoring lightly by the time the train pulls up at the station with the whispery squeal of brakes. I shake him and his head rolls, eyes snapping open.
“What—what’s happening?”
“It’s here,” I say. “Let’s head to the back car.”
Rabbit unfolds his legs, stretches his arms over his head with a wide yawn and hops off the bench. I follow him—Toto tucked in my armpit—depositing the food wrappers in a garbage can next to the vending machine.
The train is a sleek, gunmetal grey machine swimming between Mexico City and western Canada, cutting a path through California, Oregon, and Washington state. This particular train is made up of one boarding car, five passenger cars, five sleeper cars, a Commons car, a dining car, and one luggage car. Most passengers board at the front car, registering for their fare and scanning in so Prothero can track their movements.
We make our way towards the eastern end of the platform, where Armando, my contact, oversees the luggage compartment, ensuring all items meet the federal requirements for travel safety. He runs a pretty good racket stealing tech and other valuables from the passengers and selling them on the black market to soldiers, residents and other unmentionables passing through this section of the world. I met Armando on my first trip to Portland, back when life was simple and I was nothing but a common drug dealer instead of a murderous fugitive. The good old days.
It was almost too easy to exchange Salt for frequent passage into Portland, Oregon—the second most densely populated city in the region—where the bulk of my customers live. Selling drugs to residents and soldiers didn’t end up being nearly as lucrative as establishing this second client base. Armando is one of the key figures in ferrying me to and fro without needing to scan in my coordinates or spend any extra stipend allotment on transportation fees. He's quiet—content with his lot in life—and I’m sure he has a crush on me. All of these factors are going to work in our favor tonight, winning us passage aboard this train.
Armando pokes his head out the sliding doors and waves at me. Then he spies barely clothed Rabbit following close on my heels and the pleasant, amiable smile drops off his mouth. I hustle towards him. Rabbit needs to get inside the train right now to avoid anymore stares. We reach the luggage car and hurry inside under Armando’s watchful gaze. We take seats on some particularly hard suitcases and I fish a packet of Salt out of Toto. Armando retrieves it from me—a hard, irritated look clouding his face.
“Who’s this guy?” Armando asks, jabbing a finger in Rabbit’s direction.
Rabbit squirms on the luggage, attempting to drag my too-small jacket down over his underwear as much as humanly possible. The tin box bulges against his stomach and I silently curse him for everything—Armando’s suspicion, the tin, our wet clothes. Everything.
“Just a friend. A really dumb friend. This gang jumped us on our way to the train. They grabbed my bag, knocked us around, and tossed us in the river.”
“Why is he naked?” Armando asks.
“I’m not naked.” Rabbit hangs his head in shame, his damp hair curling around his features.
“OK, why is he in his underwear?”
“Bad trip, too much Ecto—started ripping his clothes off and calling himself ‘The Dragon King.’ The guys took everything—our guns, our knives, our packs. I’ve gotta meet up with someone in Portland or I’d go straight back to base. You’re gonna help us, right Sugar?” I drop a few saccharine notes into my voice near the end of the story, playing on his affection for me.
“I don’t know. This is weird. I would prefer it if this guy was wearing pants.” Armando finally looks over at Rabbit, taking in the cut on his head, the deep bags under his eyes. He looks over at me, the bruises on my face from Fuller, the cut lip.
“He didn’t rough you up, did he?” Armando asks, moving in close on Rabbit, menacing.
“No. He saved me from drowning in the river once the cold water sobered him up. He’s a good guy Armando. Dumb, but good. We can trust him. Right?” I nudge Rabbit in the ribs, and he nods slowly, finally returning Armando’s accusatory stare.
“Huh. Well, you guys do look pretty beat up. I’m glad you’re okay Scarlett. You need to be more careful. There are bad people out there,” Armando says.
“It wasn’t a fair fight. We can usually take care of ourselves.”
“When we haven’t been doing drugs,” Rabbit intervenes. “I should’ve stayed away from the hard stuff. Ecto really does a number on me.”
“Yeah. I don’t touch that stuff. Too weird. Salt—” Armando flicks the baggy on his palm and smiles contentedly—“is the good shit.”
“And I always bring you the best stuff.” I climb off the luggage and approach him, squeezing Armando’s broad shoulder. He chuckles warmly.
I glance back at Rabbit, who folds his hands in his lap. Good. Stay quiet. Armando reaches up and grabs my chin, tipping it to hold my eyes.
“About that. You know what an extra fare means.” A playful twinkle lights up Armando’s features.
Rabbit clears his throat and out of the corner of my eye, I see him shift closer to us. Just what I need—a male companion to play hero and get us killed because of a misguided sense of honor. I cut a hard look at him, but the scowl doesn’t drop off his brows and his demeanor doesn’t change.
“Just relax guy,” Armando says with a smile. “Keep your pants on.”
I reach into Toto and grab an extra baggy of Salt. Armando holds out his palm, his smile going wider. “That’s all I wanted. A little something extra.”
Armando walks to the luggage car entrance. “If you want clothes, that’ll be extra too. Times are tough.”
“Sure are. Thanks, Mando. You’re the best luggage attendant I know.”
Armando laughs. “I’m the only luggage attendant you know.”
I put a finger to my lips with a wide smile. He winks and the door slides shut behind him, locking us in the car, swaying slightly on our feet along with at least fifty passenger bags.
A sigh blows past my lips. Finally safe. Finally alone. Except for Rabbit.
“Do you think we could steal some pants now?” he asks.
A chuckle escapes me. He offers a quick smile in return, so I smirk back at him, the corners of my mouth aching with the pressure. For a moment, we are more than allies. We are friends. But then, the moment passes.
Rabbit hops off the luggage and we set ourselves to the task of examining the contents of the bags. We work systematically, from the front of the car to the rear, each taking a side. It’s mindless busy work and I can’t speak for Rabbit, but my brain turns to the horrible events of the evening so quickly I’m almost fetal within a few seconds. This isn’t going to work. I can’t do this. Not without drugs. I'm considering the vial of Ecto buried in the bowels of my stuffed toy dog when Rabbit clears his throat.
“How’s this?” he asks. “Do I look normal?”
He’s chosen a pair of gray pants—the cut and style similar to our resident issued uniforms—combined with a long-sleeved black hemp shirt and a hooded jacket. These clothes are going to cost us more Salt. We’ve barely gained any ground and already we’re running through our supplies like water.
“Normal for you,” I say, but there’s hardly any enthusiasm or spark in my words.
Rabbit meets my eyes and his face and body sag under the weight of my gaze. All the adrenaline is leaving us. Now we’re nothing but empty shells.
Safe, empty shells. Safer than we’ve been in the last two hours. Warm, sheltered, traveling. I return to the spot I left Toto and retrieve the baggy of supplies. The liquid vial of Ecto will be the quickest way to get where I want to go. Rabbit watches me. Always watching with his dark, crow eyes. Maybe he’s not a scarecrow. Maybe he’s a big, evil bird sent from Prothero to watch over me. Watch every move I make and report it back to them.
He shifts out of my line of sight and my vision blurs and then all I can see are the horrible things from earlier this evening.
It’s dark outside. Nighttime. Eleni’s face crumples and falls out of my view. My finger scrapes against the trigger of the plasma rifle and a bullet fires out of the barrel. Clinton’s skull blows apart and blood and brains—
“You sleepwalking, Buford?” Rabbit asks. His steady, calm voice pulls me from the daze I was falling into.
“Screw you.”
“No thanks.” Rabbit holds a bag up and tosses it at my feet. “I put this together. It’s got all the supplies we’ll need—basic toiletries and RFID free clothing. I scanned the clothes to be sure. No one was packing any military grade weaponry so no EMP devices. But there was at least one high caliber taser. And a package of licorice.”
He pulls a plastic baggy of Red Vines from his back pocket, removes one and takes a bite off it. He crosses his arms—the candy hanging from his mouth like a cigarette—waiting for me to be suitably impressed.
“Great job. I’ve got dibs on the Commons.” I scoop up the bag just in time to see a frown form on his lips.
“No way. We can go together—it’s a Commons.”
“You think it’s a great idea for both of us to wander around together? Two national service members with Prothero tech on our bodies?”
“It’s safer if we’re together. Besides, I need to do something in the Commons. I was hoping you would help me with something?” He fidgets with the rosary on his wrist as he asks, spinning the beads around his skin.
“Oh please lord, tell me it has nothing to do with your genitals. We need to make a rule—”
“No. Jesus. Not like that. Something completely nonsexual. Can I show you when we get in there?”
“If you must.”
I wave Armando and busy myself with tallying up the contents of the pack Rabbit put together. It’s surprisingly well stocked. There are a few things, including a sewing kit and a pair of night vision goggles, that I’m impressed he had the foresight to steal. The big prize is probably a small collection of kinetic tools. Tech people need them—Rabbit will need them. I wonder if the GPS on his band is working again. His long-sleeved shirt is folded down to hide his wrist from view.
“What’s going on with that?” I nod towards his arm.
He shrugs. “It’s transmitting. My only hope is we’re moving too fast at 200 mph to pinpoint an exact location. When we stop in Portland, I need to find underground tech. You know someone?”
I nod. Armando shows up at the door a moment later. I’m holding the bag open so he takes it from me with a sour expression.
“This is going to cost an arm and a leg,” he mutters, poking around inside.
“Really?” I ask, cocking an eyebrow.
He grows shy and hands the pack back to me.
“I don’t know. We’ll talk about it later. I can sneak you both into the kitchen if you’re hungry.”
Rabbit opens his mouth, but I speak up first. “How about the Commons instead?”
Armando steps aside in the door frame so we can file past. The path to the Commons car takes us directly through the dining area and I regret turning down food as my stomach rumbles. A smattering of train guests linger in the car sipping coffee or alcohol and we spot a few remaining dinner plates on some of the tables. I watch with a smirk as Rabbit reaches out and swipes two fried chicken drumsticks off an abandoned plate as we pass. He folds them in a napkin and pockets them without missing a beat in his step.
When we reach the Commons car, Armando clears his throat and taps on the door. No response. He peeks his head in and checks around.
“The place is all yours, Scarlett.” Armando gestures through the door.
“Thanks.” I saunter in and Rabbit trails behind. I close the door on Armando’s frowning face.
Rabbit chuckles as he plops the bag down onto the counter near the sinks. “That guy has the world’s biggest blue balls—you know that right?”
“Duly noted,” I mutter, heading towards a shower stall. Even though I’m a little more comfortable and drier now, the hot, steamy water calls to me.
“Wait a second—this comes first.” Rabbit pulls out a small black bag from the pack and sets it on the counter.
“Injecting Flash is a nasty habit, Santiago.” I join him at the sink.
“There’s only one drug addict here Buford. And it’s not me.” He unzips the baggy and dumps out the contents.
It’s an electric razor. I swallow and look at our combined reflections in the mirror.
“I’m guessing this isn’t for your five o’ clock shadow,” I say, picking it up. He shakes his head.
I click it on. When the razor surges to life with a dull gurgle, the reality of our situation hits me like a wall. We are fugitives from Prothero. Len and Clinton are dead. We left behind our entire lives to take a vial of my best friend’s blood to a terrorist organization in Mexico City. I’m standing here in a train car with a tall, lanky kid I don’t even trust, about to shave his head so people won’t immediately recognize us when our images are splattered across every wave sent and received across the continent. Hell, across the globe.
I grab the blood vial from the pocket of my pants and set it on the sink counter in front of us. He picks up the buzzing razor.
“I’ll do this,” he says.
“But I thought you wanted my help?”
“Not with this.” He pulls up the back end of his floppy, shaggy locks and points to the nape of his neck—to where the RFID is implanted near his spine.
“I need you to cut this out.”
“No way.”
“Give me a second,” Rabbit says. He takes a deep breath and rolls the buzzing razor from his scalp to where the RFID is buried, cutting an ugly path through his stupid sexy hair. I’ll admit he has attractive hair. Had attractive hair.
“Wow,” I say, agently patting his shoulder in an awkward comforting gesture. I’m guessing his head shaving trauma is minimal at best, but in a weird way the hair defined Rabbit—aloof, intriguing, with a bit of mysterious smolder.
It takes about three minutes for him to shave completely bald. His big ears are prominent now, nicely balancing out his large nose and accentuating his already slightly comical, gawky look. His ears were always hidden with all that hair in the way. He still has the Rabbit scowl pinching his face, but he looks older. Harder. Tougher. He looks like a fugitive.
“Nice ears.” I smirk.
“Shut up. They’re huge.” He touches a finger to the lobe of one ear with a grimace.
“Well you know what they say about guys with big ears.” I run a hand over the dark, smooth skin on his head. “They’ve got big brains.”
Rabbit shudders, breathes a long, trembling sigh and catches my hand in his own.
“Now it’s your turn.” He locks eyes with me in the mirror.
I glance down at the nape of his bare neck. There’s nothing indicating where the RFID chip might be hidden. It’s probably tinier than the naked human eye can see. I wish Len had destroyed it before she…I wish Len were still alive. I wish she were here. She could’ve fixed everything. Instead, I’m stuck with useless Rabbit Santiago and his many sad faces. Whatever, he’s not that useless.
“Am I supposed to chew this out, or do you have some surgical tools for me?” I ask, tapping on his spine.
“I don’t mean the RFID.” He presses the electric razor into my hand.
I drop it into the sink and back two steps away from him, shaking my head.
“No way.”
“Scarlett.”
“I don’t want to hear it. You know how long it took me to grow this hair out after they chopped it all off for the camp? You know what’s tattooed on me? I might as well carve my name into my forehead or just show up on Prothero’s doorstep with a dozen roses.”
“Scarlett,” he says, in that tone of voice he used when we were crouching next to the bodies of our friends. Snapping me back to reality. “You don’t have to shave it all.”
“I don’t want to shave any of it,” I say, my voice pitching to a whine. The words leaving my mouth already sound defeated.
“It’s not a matter of want,” he says, and then punches a key on his band. It lights up and a virtual rolls out depicting new government IDs for both of us. We have different names, different backgrounds. Different lives. The only element that retains any truth is our facial identification. At least, mine does. Rabbit looks like a new person now.
“Couldn’t I just dye my hair?” I ask. “Or find a wig?”
He shakes his head with that grim mouth line and an urge to sock his nose crawls up my arm and curls around my fingers. But I don’t. I pick up the razor instead and grip it furiously. I elbow him out of my way, click the button, set the blades against my hairline, and squeeze my eyelids shut. When I roll my hand backwards, the razor immediately becomes tangled in my curly hair. I dislodge it and stare at Rabbit as if to say, “told you."
“These will help.” Rabbit digs around in the black bag and comes out with a pair of scissors.
He grabs a sheath of my hair and closes the scissors around it. The snipping noise rolls a wave of nausea through my belly but I don’t heave. I watch helplessly as Rabbit hacks away at all my vanity. Strips away the identity of Scarlett Buford and replaces her with…what was the name on the ID? Juniper Crow.
I try to imagine a different person emerging from underneath the seemingly endless tumbles of my hair. A smart, savvy young woman. Maybe she lives in a big house in upstate Washington with her parents, an in-ground pool, and two large dogs. She plans on attending University in the fall to study Theatre. She’s celebrating the end of the secondary school year by vacationing in California with her boyfriend.
I lose all train of thought when I try to imagine Rabbit as my boyfriend. It’s too implausible. I can only think of losing Len—the blue light dying in her eyes. The blood pooling from her stomach. Her weird beatific smile at the exact moment Clinton shot her. Her face crumpling and her body falling out of my view. The scrape of the rifle trigger against my finger as I squeezed it hard. The horror of Clinton’s skull blowing apart and the shower of—
Stop. Stop thinking about it.
I try to purge all these thoughts and let my teary eyes follow Rabbit’s quiet movements instead. He works in silence until the bulk of my hair fills the sink directly in front of us, curling tendrils bursting up out of the porcelain like a lion’s mane. My attention shuffles back and forth between the vial of blood on the sink counter and our reflections in the mirror. Rabbit’s steady, graceful arms and fingers doing their work. The low humming and rocking of the train around us.
“Len’s gone,” I whisper to him so quiet I don’t think he’ll hear but I secretly, desperately want him to. I need him to feel like I do.
He pauses in his work and meets my eyes in the mirror—his jaw clenched fiercely.
“I didn’t know,” he says. “I didn’t know that would happen.”
I reach out for the scissors and don’t say anything. He hands them to me wordlessly. We’re quiet until my fingers are done fumbling through the sad, short wreck of my hair. It’s cut as close to my scalp as we can manage without having to buzz anything.
I try to form the front into something resembling bangs but the best I can pull off is a curling pile of hair, spilling over onto my forehead. The sides are shorter than the top. It’s a confusing, distracting mess but I can say with confidence it doesn’t resemble my previous hairstyle at all. It’s much worse. Maybe it’s something fancy Juniper would get because it’s ironic or old-fashioned or artsy or horrible. At least the tattoo from the Mississippi work camp, the black barcode I haven’t seen in years is hidden under a layer of tiny blonde curls that sprout from my head.
Rabbit loads up two handfuls of hair and deposits them in the nearest toilet. I do the same and we make quick work of our combined follicles—flushing the sink with water.
“More DNA evidence,” I mutter.
Rabbit shrugs and holds up his band.
“Say cheese.”
I smile beguilingly into the flash, the way I imagine rich Juniper would. He angles the band and takes an image of himself. After a few moments of tinkering with a virtual display, he shows me the finished product.
“Good work, Victor Leon.” I squint at his newly forged ID. “Your name sounds like a trashy romance villain. I approve.”
His mouth folds into a grim line, then he taps the back of his recently shaved neck.
“Last item on the agenda,” he says and removes a razor blade from the black bag. He also retrieves the sewing kit and sets it on the counter next to the blood vial. His fingers hesitate over the vial and a heaviness creeps into his features. I grab the razor blade and angle it towards the likeliest location for the RFID. I’ve never performed surgery before. My mind suddenly clicks over to the Rosa twins. They would know what to do here. They would have steely resolve and maybe even intense fascination given such an opportunity.
Overhead the lights cut out briefly, flashing a warning. Seconds later a voice crackles over the intercom system.
“Now arriving in Portland, Oregon,” the voice murmurs as the train slows to a stop.
“That was fast.” Rabbit glances down at his band, which clicks on and displays the time. We’ve been on the rails for about forty-five minutes. The time is accurate.
He pockets the vial of blood. Any little bit of Len he can get his hands on.
“Your surgery will have to wait. This our stop.” I slip the razor blade back into the black baggy with an overwhelming feeling of relief. I really didn’t want to cut him open. Rabbit tosses the baggy into the pack that he throws possessively over his shoulder. After one last glance around the room, we exit the Commons.
The loud chatter and chaos on the other side of the door is a jarring surprise. Excited people jam the hallway, fear and worry scratching out anxious octaves in their voices. Just above the din, the thumping pulse of a helocraft and official voices encourage everyone to remain calm. So of course, no one is calm.
Rabbit and I exchange a quick glance, pop the hoods up on our jackets and proceed in the opposite direction of the flowing human traffic. This results in several elbows to the ribs, a few foot stompings, and at least one threat of physical violence. But eventually we emerge on the other side into one of the sleeper cars where no one is sleeping.
I motion to the first empty sleeper and we enter the doors, surveying it for signs of a quick escape. The sleepers house four shelves of beds against the main wall and to the right of these, a window which sits about midway between the ground and the ceiling. The window gap is narrow. It could accommodate Rabbit’s thin frame, but my womanly curves are never gonna make it.
“We have to split up.” I’m surprised at how panicked the thought makes me.
“No, you can fit. We can make it through.” The twinge of desperation in his voice makes panic swell like a balloon in my stomach.
I shake my head and we both push the window open. My suspicions are confirmed when Rabbit tosses the pack through the gap first, then hoists himself out. He drops about ten feet and peers up at me through the window opening, concern etched on his features. I attempt to join him but don’t even make it past the upper half of my chest. My ample bosom—which has always been a source of pride—is hindering my escape and putting me in harm’s way. I curse and stick my head out the window to be sure he hears me.
“Meet me at the waterfront fountain. I’ll wait there for an hour,” I say.
Then I reach up to slide the window shut.
“No!”
I throw a fleeting glance down at Rabbit. He reaches out a hand that closes itself into a fist. The look he gives me. His naked terror makes my heart pinch inside my chest.
“I don’t know where that is,” he says.
I chew my lip in thought. He has the pack, the tin, the drugs buried in Toto’s belly, and now the vial of Len’s blood. I have a single vial of Ecto and a handful of government marked stipend allotments. We can’t separate, not completely. I can’t afford to lose him now.
“Fine. Front of the train. Fifteen minutes,” I concede.
He nods and slips off into the dark—vanishing like an apparition.
I exit the cramped room and head across the hall to the sleepers. From there I can assess the chaos at the station and figure out my next move. Overhead a drone screams past and light floods the train car in a swirling pattern. They must be using the floodlights to search for Rabbit. For us. I drop to my knees and say a silent prayer for him. And myself too. We’re both going to need it.


CHAPTER THREE:
PORTLAND, OREGON
The scene outside the train is deliberately organized chaos, designed to confuse and exhaust anyone embroiled in it. I learned all about these techniques at the Academy, even practiced them in the SIM. I spot Peace Officer uniforms and soldiers kettling civilians into small groups of ten by surrounding them with mesh wire fencing.
The train stopped just outside of the Union Station depot, one of the largest transit centers in the Pacific Northwest aside from Seattle and Boise. It houses business offices, an expensive restaurant, and overnight room rentals. Not the hourly rates at the hotel chains where I usually deal Salt. I’m grateful we didn’t end up entombed inside the station—Rabbit would certainly be caught. At the same time, there would be more places to hide, more nooks and crannies and back entrances to take advantage of.
We’re out in the open like this. Trapped in the rail yard with nothing but a handful of trees and bushes and the Willamette River boxing us in. There are few places to run. The bridges in downtown Portland are all set up with security checkpoints, regardless of the presence of escaped fugitives. Most of my contacts are on this side of the river, the west side, but this area is much easier for the military to triangulate. The streets and buildings are set up in an easy to navigate grid. Things get a little wonkier as the houses spread out into the inner southeast quadrant.
It doesn’t matter right now. The only thing that matters is meeting back up with Rabbit at the front of the train. Several pairs of boots crunch over gravel as they approach the sleeper car. They can’t be looking for me. Not really. I’m no longer transmitting a resident signal. The last anyone saw of me I beat up a guard and Len hacked the gates. So, they know I’m missing. And my bloody prints were all over the gun. But they can’t know that I’m here in Portland. I’m not a registered passenger aboard this train. Unless Armando decided to give me up. I curse him under my breath and crawl away from the window, debating my options.
Then I suddenly remember that Luis Kang was also part of the trio that ambushed Len and I at the Salt patch. Luis, who Len knocked out. Luis, whose unconscious body we tripped over in the dark while fleeing to the train. Luis, who might have heard snatches of our conversation and given us up. Damn. We are so screwed.
As I move, I become aware of the stipend allotments creating a bulge in the utility belt around my waist. I pull out the coins and toss them into the air shaft vent on the floor, near the base of the beds. It was stupid to keep them in the first place. That’s probably another reason they knew we were on the train—I used the allotments to purchase snacks at the station right before the T-82 pulled up.
Luis Kang, plus that purchase, plus Rabbit’s band broadcasting our signal—even at 200 mph—is what tipped them off. I can’t use the stipend credits anymore. They’re registered to my name. They’re useless. We need to be smarter about this. We’re making all kinds of rookie mistakes.
A simple solution presents itself. I could go out a side car door and fall into their clutches with the story that I am, in fact, Juniper Crow. My lack of fare will expose me—of course—and their facial recognition software will match to Scarlett Buford. But there’s a possibility the equipment won’t work. There’s a chance I can outsmart the system or that Rabbit took such tech into consideration when he forged the IDs in the first place.
Going unarmed into the midst of the soldiers means inevitable capture. Gravel crunches on the other side of the train. I’m surrounded. Banging noises and voices come from the front and back cars. They are systematically checking all the sleeper compartments.
What do I do?
A sharp pain triggers on my palm and I notice the painted nails on my right hand are digging little rivets into the skin there, turning it an angry red color. The lilac polish is chipped on several nails and underneath a few of them I imagine traces of blood, impossible because of the long submersion in the Columbia. Len’s or mine or Clinton’s or maybe even Rabbit’s. I killed someone tonight. I watched my best friend die.
I become aware of another sensation—the hard vial of Ecto jammed into the pocket of my dress. I fish it out and think over the last hour when I thought the best idea would be for me to drown myself in drugs. I wonder why I changed my mind. Oh yeah, because back then there was hope. There was a small shred of hope that we wouldn’t be captured and tortured and imprisoned. That’s gone now.
The only way out of here is through the Prothero soldiers and their weapons. The only thing I possess is enough drug to seriously impair one person. It’s enough to kill me. I have choices here.
I can die in a military prison, executed for treason.
Or I can fight back and let these soldiers kill me with the very same make and model weapon I used to kill Fuller. I can snuff my short life out in a blaze of glory, dying in a hail of plasma bullets.
Or I can overdose on a perfectly wonderful drug that triggers all the blissful parts of my brain until my heart stops beating. I can suffer a death worthy of someone like Scarlett Buford. Someone worthy of the life I led.
Fuck Prothero.
I unstop the cork and tip my head back, downing the contents. The liquid Ecto is a bright cerulean blue and it tastes like sour raspberries as it slides down my throat. The effects are immediate. Oh no. I think I made the wrong choice.
The overhead lights grow brighter and form star shapes in my view. The noises around me—the banging, shouting, sirens, the thump of helo engines and whine of drones melt into a beautiful, sensual music. My cheeks grows hot and my limbs droop. An increased banging on the other side of the sleeper car door sucks me briefly back into reality and I watch in fascination as the vial slow drops from my hands.
The door behind me bursts open and three soldiers with lights attached to their rifles sweep into the room. It’s a dizzying, disorienting swirl of motion and bile rises in my throat. I hold my hands up, thankful the band on my right wrist is obscured by the cuff of my jacket. I draw a mask over my face that is both frightened and bewildered. It’s not too difficult.
They all shout at once until a woman, clearly the leader of the group, steps forward. She lifts the night vision goggles off her eyes and clicks them up onto a button built into the helmet. She tilts her head for a moment, surveying me and the scene around me—rumpled bed, empty drug vial, ridiculous hair. Her eyes narrow and for a moment they flash red and her skin starts melting off her face. I blink and her image rights itself. Except the room behind her starts melting instead. The furry walls droop and sag like wet mud slipping down an embankment.
“Why didn’t you get off the train with the others?” She asks in a voice bordering on demonic, pointing the gun in my face.
This is the second time tonight I’ve stared down the barrel of a gun and it sends all rational thought and discourse scattering like wild animals before a storm. This should be OK. I should be OK with this. I’ve been in this situation at least a hundred times in the SIMs, but it’s different when everything is real. A bead of sweat breaks out on my forehead. My limbs tremble from the adrenaline and the Ecto. I try to grab onto mental life-rafts of information, but they are slippery and my grip is tenuous.
I’m Juniper Crow. I’m overdosing on this train. I’m Juniper Crow.
“I don’t know. I don’t know what’s happening.” My voice shakes.
“You can’t hear the sirens? You didn’t hear the attendants asking you to de-board the train?” she demands. Her words are like needles poking into my eyelids and I have to close them to respond.
“N-no. I just woke up,” I whisper.
“I don’t buy it. Let’s see some ID.” My eyes fly open in time to see her arm extend towards me. It flashes out with the head of a snake and I scoot back quickly to avoid it’s teeth sinking into me.
The female soldier strikes again and now she’s hauling both my arms behind my back, wrenching and pulling on them until they stretch out of sorts like taffy. She locks a zip-tie around my wrists. The other soldiers watch, lifting their NVGs off their faces, locking them onto their helmets. Black holes eat up the space where their eyes should be. They open their mouths to grin simultaneously, exposing sharp little dagger teeth.
“I don’t—I don’t have anything. I don’t know where I am,” I say in a high, reedy voice. Tears leak down my cheeks. The trembling in my arms ramps up to a full body shudder and it can’t just be the fear and adrenaline anymore.
“You’re in Portland, Oregon at the Union Station. What is your name?”
Scarlett Buford. My name is Scarlett Buford. But it’s not. Not right now.
“Ju—Juniper Crow.”
A light bursts in front of me and a high pitched whistle shrills in my ears. I’m blinded by the light. And then I’m just blind. I can’t see anything. The whistle fades but strange, alien voices speaking in an indecipherable language overwhelm me instead. I’m laying on the ground now. I don’t know when my head hit the floor, but the white light burns in front of me. I can’t see anything, and my eyelids might have melted off but I can’t move my arms up to check and I’m shaking, shaking all over.

Things go black. Things go white. Weird noises and smells filter in. Dirt and metal and sulfur and fire and brimstone. Pale white faces with black hole eyes and red mouths with needle teeth file past. Horrid spectral slashes of bright red and blue light dance in the air around me.
Heads turn in my direction and then blow apart like the seeds from a dandelion flower. Hands are on me, ripping and tearing and dragging me along the ground. Digging gravel and rocks into my bones. Kicking and spitting on me.
Someone runs up from the crowd and stabs a knife into my arm, into the soft pit of my elbow and I scream, thrashing against them. Blood splashes everywhere. Len appears in the crowd. Rabbit appears in the crowd. Red and black and white again.
When regular light filters back into my vision, a long, clear worm rises from my left elbow pit to a baggy of fluids hanging above my head. Vomit spills down the front of my dress. It coats the hospital bed I’m laying in. My right hand is cuffed to the side rail. A soldier stands next to me, but not the female soldier from earlier. A man, in his 30s perhaps, with severe features and a friendless, hopeless face. He has the gun trained on me and the barrel is aimed at my temple. My legs are restrained too. There’s a horrible taste in my mouth.
I try to move my lips to speak but a rancid sounding gibberish comes out instead. I wince at the noise and the soldier blinks down at me without emotion. Our surroundings come into focus and the chaos of noises around us start to suss themselves out.
I’m in an ambulance. A wash of bright light, colors, and noise fills the air as a helo circles above the city, splashing white in its wake. The drones run through their coordinates. Peace Officer cars hover in the train yard and many of the kettled groups have been disbursed to individual POs for interrogation. My head is heavy, and I can’t lift it to make out anything beyond this limited view of the scenery in front of me. The soldier next to me announces over his radio that I’m awake and ready for interrogation. The idea sends cold spikes of horror dancing through me and a wave of vomit splashes up my throat and out of my mouth before I can stop it. The soldier reports a delay on that order and an EMT comes out from behind my head with another plastic hose.
“I thought you pumped her stomach.” The soldier glowers at the frazzled male EMT.
“This isn’t an exact science, alright? The toxicology reports say she ingested a vial in the last fifteen minutes with enough dosage to effectively kill her. Just be grateful you aren’t hauling a corpse out of here.”
He pushes my head back roughly. I fight against him, because I have a very good idea of where that tube is going to end up.
“No,” I whisper, my throat raw and voice cracking.
“Sorry little lady.” The EMT angles the tube towards my mouth and I clamp my lips shut, straining away from him.
“Some help over here?”
The tag on the approaching soldier’s jacket reads “Ruiz.” Ruiz steps forward, tipping the gun up and grabbing my nose at the same time, pinching off my airway. I glare up at him, wishing I had full control of my faculties. I would bite his damn hand off. But I’m not gonna open my mouth so easy.
“That’s it,” Ruiz murmurs. “You won’t be able to hold out for very long.”
He’s right. My throat is on fire and my lungs burn from the earlier exercise in the river. My whole body is too worn out for me to put up any kind of fight. Sparkles and bright colored shapes drift in from all sides of my vision. My head grows heavy and the noises dim. I firmly clench my teeth. Nobody’s shoving a tube down my throat again.
Grey sweeps in.
The next sensation is a sharp tug and release of my nose, then a tube rolling down my throat. I gag and buck away from the bed, but hard hands grab at me, forcing me to be still. I bite at the tube, but it’s already worked most of the way down my throat and into my stomach. The machine whirs and the fluids are vacuumed out of my guts, slipping up through the tube. I peer at the EMT and Ruiz helplessly, willing either of them to stop this torture. A soldier stalks up to the opened doors of the ambulance, knocks on the wall, and climbs in.
“We’ve got an interrogation cell set up. You ready to transport the prisoner?” he asks in a voice I immediately recognize.
I can’t see his face past Ruiz and the EMT. But with the first few octaves, never mind what he’s saying, my panic evens out to a dull roar. I hope I’m not imagining things. God, I hope I’m not. The EMT moves to the left to flip the switch and turn the machine off, and I see the new soldier.
Rabbit Santiago, wearing thick black glasses, a wool cap and dressed in a soldier’s uniform. Despite his best efforts at disguise, I would recognize those frowning lips and that hawk nose anywhere. His jacket pocket reads “Hughes” and a fresh cut and bruise dot his left cheek. I can only guess how he snatched up this uniform.
He makes eye contact and trains the rifle on me. I can see gears working in his head behind the hundred-yard stare, but I wish I could read him better. I wish I knew what he was thinking because his finger rests on the trigger and my heart hammers in my chest and ears and all over my skin and another wave of shaking rolls over my body.
The scrape of my finger against the trigger—
“She’s going into shock. God dammit!” The EMT shouts directly in my ear. My teeth clamp down hard on the tube and as my limbs quake, the tube pokes and prods at my insides, scraping and bruising. Tears leak down my cheeks and everything fades until familiar hands grip my face.
“It’s alright. You’re going to be alright,” Rabbit whispers. I open my eyes and look up at him. His head is framed like a saint—a corona of white light pouring in behind him. A saintly crown. He holds my head while the EMT retracts the hose. I gag and cough, keeping Rabbit in my line of sight the whole time. He only looks away when the EMT waves him off me. The medical tech shines a band light in my eyes to check my pupils. He asks me to track his moving finger. He scans my heart rate and vitals.
“She’s running a high temperature. That’s the Ecto doing it’s job. I can’t let her out of this ambulance if she’s still seizing like this, and she could experience major internal organ damage if I keep trying to pump her. She needs fluids, rest and a bit more monitoring. If you want her alive, that is. Can you hold off?” The EMT stares down Ruiz and Rabbit.
Rabbit slings the plasma rifle over his shoulder and leans against a far wall of the ambulance, trying to slip into the background now that all the drama is over. Ruiz glances over at Rabbit, who folds his arms over the name badge on his chest and shrugs.
“We’re going to need another ten minutes with the prisoner. She checks out as Juniper Crow according to the FED, but my facial recognition software is detecting an anomaly. I think her ID’s been tampered with. She’s got a government issued band that isn’t reporting any traceable signal. No RFID that we can read either. You were right to bring her in. Hopefully we can keep her alive long enough to get some answers,” Ruiz says into his headset.
“Your call Ruiz. Send her over soon. The cell is up and fully functional.” The last statement rolls another involuntary shudder through me and the EMT comes over to hold and stabilize me.
I shoot a desperate glance over at Rabbit, who still leans impassively against the wall. Ruiz follows my gaze and nods at him.
“You know her?” he asks Rabbit.
Rabbit scowls and shakes his head. “Nope.”
“She seems to know you,” Ruiz insists.
“Maybe she thinks I’m cute.”
“Since you two made a love connection, you can hose her off. I don’t think the POs will want to interrogate her like this.” Ruiz grabs some towels from beside the bed and tosses them at Rabbit.
“I’m going outside for a smoke.” Ruiz points at the EMT. “Keep her alive and stable for the next ten minutes. Or it’ll be your ass.”
He shoves past Rabbit, hops down onto the gravel and joins the other soldiers posted there. The EMT holds his hand out for one of the towels.
“That guy has been a real pain,” the EMT mutters to no one in particular. He uses one of the towels to dab at the front of my dress while Rabbit addresses my lap and the bed frame.
When they’re finished, they toss the towels into a bucket and the EMT checks my vitals again. He takes a small blood sample. “I’m going up front for a second. I think we got most of the Ecto out. But if what that guy said is true, we could probably do a standard DNA match on this girl. Would that help?” he asks.
Rabbit’s jaw clenches and he nods without saying anything.
“Keep an eye on her,” the EMT says, then moves through a small doorway into another section of the cramped white ambulance.
Rabbit is by my side so quickly I lose track of him in my vision for a moment. His hand falls on the cuff around my wrist and he whispers fiercely, “This was the best idea you had?”
My throat is so ripped up I can only nod.
He glares around the ambulance then reaches into his pants pocket and pulls a small baggy of kinetic tools out. He digs around and finally extracts a promising looking item. He jams the small needle into the lock of the handcuffs, which are more than just metal. Some tech components inside glow a soft blue color, especially near the lock.
Rabbit is cursing and rolling the needle in the lock when the EMT returns from the front of the ambulance with a virtual report spilling out of his band. Rabbit drops my hand, the cuff, and the tool. The EMT is too distracted to notice this suspicious series of actions, he only looks up when Rabbit adjusts the rifle, aiming it at me. Having guns pointed at my head is getting really old.
“We’ve only been able to remove about half the Ecto in her system. She’s still got three times as much as the “normal” dosage. There’s no way she’ll be stable enough for at least another thirty minutes or so. On the plus side, I’ve got a positive ID. If we check it against the Fort Columbia database, we should be able to determine if this is our escaped fugitive or not,” the EMT announces. Thankfully, the only person in hearing proximity is Rabbit.
“Good to know,” Rabbit says stiffly. “Your turn to keep watch.”
Rabbit walks to the end of the ambulance and talks with the soldiers there for a minute. He’s too far away and I can’t make out what he’s saying. The EMT returns to replace the IV solution with a fresh baggy.
“You’re still burning up. Sweating out all that bad. That’s a good thing. Can you talk? You really should try to talk. They’re going to want you to. It could save your life, you know,” he encourages me with a condescending smile.
I’m doomed. I’m going to die, and he knows it. I glare at him and refuse to speak. A few minutes pass and Rabbit returns to the doors of the ambulance. He hops in, closes the doors, and trains the gun on the EMT in one fell swoop.
“Get in the driver’s seat,” he orders. “Now.”
The medical technician drops the tablet he was typing into and he grabs for the EMP gun tucked into a harness on his belt. He’s not fast enough for Rabbit. Rabbit fires off a plasma round and it hits the EMT in the right hand, disabling him and frying his band at the same time.
“Now you have to drive one-handed,” he barks. “Move.”
The EMT makes a dash for the back door and Rabbit grabs him, slamming him up against the wall. Cotton swabs, bandages and bottles of hydrogen peroxide rain down on them. The EMT struggles, pushing against Rabbit, but the younger boy traps the man's hands behind his back and he knees him in the crotch. The EMT collapses with a gasp and Rabbit zip-ties and gags him in seconds. Rabbit turns to me and fires another round from the plasma rifle at the cuff around my wrist. It shorts and pops off.
“What the fuck?” I croak.
“Nice shot, huh?” Rabbit grins ferally at his accuracy.
I glower at him and extract the IV from my arm. Attempting to sit up causes a wave of nausea and dizziness to propel me back down onto the pillows.
“Shit plan, Buford,” Rabbit sighs.
“Thought you’d like it,” I rasp.
“I don’t. I’ve never stolen an ambulance before.”
Wiping snot and tears off my chin, I say, “Didn’t take you long to get back into uniform.”
He ignores the comment by moving off towards the front of the ambulance.
“What do you want me to do?” I call out, listening to the sounds of his progress to the steering wheel.
“Try not to die,” he shouts back.
He hits a button and the sweeping red and white lights click off on the roof and stop reflecting in the windows on either side of me. The siren dips down to silence and we’re rolling over the gravel and metal, hovering above the ground. Zooming towards the northern end of the Union Station structure.
“This is your city. Where am I going?” he asks as our speed approaches what feels like sixty miles per hour.
“Ninth Avenue.”
“And after that?” Rabbit asks.
“Hobo’s. This place called Hobo’s,” I reply with as much volume as I can manage.
The ambulance speeds up even faster—cranking a hard left and then right. The electric engine winds up and the distinct chop of helo wings and buzz of the drones indicate authorities are now in hot pursuit. Half the damn train yard must be on our asses. The sound of bullets hitting the ground and bouncing off the metal sides of the ambulance scrambles my thoughts.
“Get out of bed,” Rabbit orders.
“I can’t.”
“Now!”
I push out of the bed, falling to the ground, momentarily blacking out in the process. I come to seconds later, resting on my bruised knees. I crawl through the swaying ambulance, past the curtained toxicology lab, and through the strip of floor separating the drivers and passengers seats. When I’m near Santiago, he throws the rifle in my hands.
“Shoot out the window.”
I do as he says and we both shield our faces against the granules of glass that blow inward when the windshield cracks. Rabbit pushes the rest of the windshield outward. It falls out of the ambulance and onto the dark gravel and cement.
“We’re going to hit that low retaining wall over there. The impact sensors should keep us from getting too damaged, but we’ll need to escape. Up and over the wall. Onto Ninth. Alright?” he asks in a tone that doesn’t leave room for any disagreement.
“Good. Strap in.” He points to the passenger’s seat and I hobble over, locking the belt around me and letting the white light and dancing stars and strips of colored circles roll me down into a brief, jarring sleep.
I don’t feel the impact, but I know it happened because Rabbit hacks his way through the deployed airbag on the passenger side with a kinetic knife, sending dust and detritus billowing into the air. Blood pours from his mangled nose and there’s even a brand-new cut just above his eyebrow. From the glasses, no doubt. Which he no longer wears.
He untangles me, unclips the seat belt and pulls me into a standing position. He gives me a few seconds to adjust to being upright, awake, and alive. Then he shoves me through the busted-out windshield.
I move—not because my body is totally able to—but because my life depends on it. Even with a potent overdose of Ecto slipping around in my bloodstream and wreaking havoc in my brain—I know the difference between life and death.
Rabbit follows close on my heels, dumping me unceremoniously over the side of the brick wall, where I bang my shin, further bruise my knees and cut up my wrist and palms. I crumple to the ground and Rabbit falls down on top of me, twisting his ankle in the process. I know this because he curses loudly. He grabs at the top of my arm, near my armpit, and hauls me onto my feet. We make it across the street and into the shadows of an abandoned parking structure just as the helos and drones roar overhead—lights blazing—filling the night with discord.
We’re panting in the darkness for a full minute before Rabbit turns to me with his disapproving glare. I can tell from the set of his jaw and furrow of his bushy brow he has something self-righteous to say. I zone in on his bleeding beak of a nose. I can’t stop what happens next. There are a blissful few seconds when my balled up fist makes contact with his nose and a surge of relief floods my body. There. I showed him.
Now my hand aches and he’s bleeding in a new spot.
“Fuck!” He clamps a hand over his mouth and nose.
I burst out laughing—it’s a high, hacking sound I don’t recognize.
“You feel better?" he growls, tipping his head back to stem the flow of red liquid from his nostrils.
“You had it coming.” I cross my arms and slam my back against the concrete wall in defiance. “You didn’t have to run us into a damn building.”
He dabs at his nose for another minute as we listen to the chaos on the other side of the wall and the street beyond it. We can’t stay here for long. Rabbit’s not gonna move fast on his twisted ankle. I can barely make it a few feet unless the fear of imminent death motivates me.
This situation calls for levity.
“Here.” I retrieve the kinetic needle he dropped on the side of the bed. I slipped it into the pocket of my utility belt in the ambulance when the EMT came back in the room. Oh Jesus, I hope he survived the impact.
“Thanks for this,” he accepts the kinetic tool. “I hacked another frequency, so my signal is fuzzy again. This—” he pulls a military grade band out of the pile of clothes crumpled at his feet—“is saving our asses right now. But we need a safehouse.”
Military grade bands only fit on the wrists of the residents and soldiers they are assigned to. They are molded to our bodies. They can’t be taken off without breaking a hand or hacking off a limb. I favor Rabbit with a searching glance, but his flat, emotionless features reveal nothing. I decide not to press the issue right now. Staring at his battered face isn’t gonna show me the answers. He swipes absentmindedly at the smear of blood running from his nostrils to his upper lip.
“How’s your nose?” I ask.
He views me with a guarded expression and says, “It’s alright. The safehouse, Buford. Can you get in touch with your people?”
I wave the Kings. We exit on the far end of the parking structure, checking the perimeter for soldiers on foot and drones before heading out. It’s dangerous with the thermal scanners able to trace our every move. We’ll have to use as much cover as possible.
The parking structure dumps out near abandoned office buildings and Chinese restaurants—once known as Portland's Old Town. A drone screams down the street and pulls a hard right, coming around the opposite side of the structure. We hide under the awning of an Asian seafood restaurant that now houses homeless youth tucked away inside the building—they shield themselves from the chaos under ratty blankets.
Santiago’s band has the POs and soldiers confused about a precise location, but they will fan out from the ambulance. When they exhaust all the hiding places near the train and station, they’ll move into the rest of the city.
Downtown will be tricky tonight. We need to get somewhere safe from the thermal scanners and cameras tacked to every surface, and from the searching eyes of the houseless population. Their hungry mouths will give up our location for a few bucks. That’s if the officers don’t rough them up and abuse them for the information.
Donald King and his husband Sammy will keep us overnight—at least. After that, we’ll be on our own. A safehouse sounds nice, especially since all the colors and sounds are swooning and diving in my view. Every time Rabbit bumps into me, warm tingling sensations rush to my nether regions. The Ecto wins the war against my temporary adrenaline boost and my body begins collapsing in on itself again.
“You can’t even walk a straight line,” Rabbit observes. “You’re going to get us killed if you don’t let me carry you.”
“You busted up your ankle. You can barely carry yourself.”
He frowns, cracks forming in the blood dried to his lips and chin.
A wave pops up on my band and it’s too blurry for me to decode so Rabbit reads it aloud. “Cool. See you in fifteen. Mando said there’s trouble at Union Station.”
“He got that right,” I say with a bitter, croaking laugh.
We continue walking towards our destination. Rabbit does his best to downplay the limp in his step which is more pronounced with each block we conquer. I’m trying hard to track where we are. We had to make a large loop on Ninth, avoiding Broadway because of its proximity to the station—heading southwest for a while to put enough ground between ourselves and Union. We are looking for Couch street. The signs are faded and covered in rust, but Rabbit can still read them.
“Look for Couch Street. It will look weird. Not like ‘cooch.’ Like the word ‘couch,’” I explain.
“So I’m looking for Couch street.”
“That’s not how you say it.”
He utters a noise of disgust.
“We’re almost to Couch. Then we take a left and head to Hobo’s, on Third,” I say, dreamily.
We walk in silence. Eventually the Ecto overwhelms me and Rabbit loops his arm through mine. He radiates a pleasant warmth that makes my eyelids heavy.
“Buford.” He shakes me awake. I’m sleeping on my feet.
“Wha—?” I ask, swiping a hand across my forehead. I try to tuck the curls behind my ear, but the curls are missing. Oh, that’s right. We cut them off in the train. An hour ago, maybe? Things are happening so fast.
“We’re not going to make it. Let me carry you,” Rabbit says, exhaustion and desperation in his voice.
“No. That’s so demeaning. I’m not that drunk.” I wave him off with a hand that leaves tracers in its wake. A thousand hands waving at him.
“Let me carry you.”
I guess he does. Everything goes black.
When the bright lights of consciousness filter back in—he’s knocking on the door to Hobo’s and the world is twisted sideways. I’m flopped over his back in a fireman’s lift. He’s moved the bag to his chest.
The world twists again as Rabbit sets me on the ground. Moments later, Sammy opens the door.
“Scar? Is that you? You look like twice-baked shit. Get in here.” Sammy takes me by the hand and pulls me into the low light of Hobo’s.
It looks the same, a hollowed-out restaurant with all the tables and chairs removed, now serving mostly as a bar and hangout for all the low-lifes and criminals running the streets of Portland. My people. My home-away-from-home-away-from-home.
“And who is this fine hunk of man meat you’ve brought us this evening?” Donald asks from the shadows of the bar, giving Rabbit a considerable amount of eye.
“It’s Victor. He’s straight and—guys, we’ve had a really awful night.” My stomach heaves. I lean over and vomit near Sammy’s shoes.
“She’s been doing that all night,” Rabbit says.
“Not cool, Scar. Very not cool.” Sammy sighs, stepping back from the puddle. Donald tosses him a rag from the bar back and comes out from behind the counter.
“She took a lot of Ecto right before we got here.”
“Right. All the other rooms are occupied at the moment. The Union Station hub bub sent everyone scurrying underground. Let’s put her up in the velvet room—with a bowl. Victor? Was that your name? It’s nice to meet you. You’re on barf duty.” Sammy leans over to shake Rabbit’s hand.
Their voices are so loud. Why are their voices so loud?
“I’ll send down some water in a minute. Donald can show you the way.” Sammy busies himself with cleaning up near his shoes and passes us off to Donald.
The world swirls and sways as we move further into the restaurant. Things get blurry and melty again. I only awake when Rabbit knocks my head on a low hanging doorframe. He doesn’t apologize and I don’t chastise him. I don’t even know if I can speak. All the words are missing.
He dumps me on the bed in the velvet room and holds a conversation with Donald I can’t accurately follow. Hands lift and tuck me underneath blankets. A cold metal bowl pushes up against my cheek and a pillow lands behind my head. My chin is lifted, and someone touches a glass of water against my lips. I drink because I’m light-headed and dizzy from thirst and sweating so much. I’m soaked with sweat.
Rabbit sits next to the bed on a chair. His jacket is stripped off and he’s changed out of the soldier’s uniform. Back into the stolen clothes from the train. Len’s necklace bumps against his chest.
He speaks in a low, whispering voice and a cool cloth touches my forehead. I reach up to push it away, but he replaces it. Sammy drifts in, hands Rabbit an object and says something in a sassy, laughing tone. Rabbit shrugs and Sammy drifts out. Rabbit sits very still for a few minutes and a sadness drops over him like a sheet. He sags in the chair, like all his bones lost their consistency. He hangs together like that for quite a while.
And then suddenly he springs up, seeming to remember the object Sammy gave him. He clears a package of condoms and a bottle of lubricant off the table next to the bed and sets the extra band, the kinetic tools, a mass of wires, and a small bottle of glue down instead. He hunches over the work and obscures my view. Now that the activity has died down, I drift off into a dream where the walls sway and velvet rubs against my cheeks and I forget everything that ever happened.
Consciousness of the world around me creeps in and there’s Rabbit again. In the chair. His swollen, bruised eyes are heavy with exhaustion but snap open when they catch me staring.
“You want more water?” he asks.
I nod and he holds the cup for me while I drink.
“You should rest.” He unsuccessfully stifles a yawn.
“You first.”
He gives a crooked, ghastly smile filled with blood stained teeth—packed down in the crevices where a toothbrush or some dental floss would clear it out. He drops his head down between his legs and runs a hand over his smooth scalp. He sits like this for another indecipherable stretch of time. Sleep washes in and out of me like an ocean shore.
Eventually I’m aware of a low quavering sound—like crying. Rabbit sniffs and looks up at me, tears spotting his cheeks. He wipes them away with the back of his hand and turns from me. Embarrassed or ashamed. I reach and grab for his hand, expecting him to reject the small effort at a comforting embrace. Instead, his fingers intertwine with mine.
He resists at first when I tug him towards the velvet bed. Then his shoulders drop, and he falls further off the chair to his knees, burying his face in my chest. His sobs shudder against my shoulders and his tears soak through the material of my shirt, wetting my skin. This freaking idiot. Now I’m crying too. Silent tears wash down my cheeks and into my mouth, salty like seawater. The smell of blood and sweat pours into my nose, blocking out all other scents.
And then, without quite realizing it, I’m stroking Rabbit’s bald head which has a new, fresh texture. My fingers travel down to his temples, and then fumble down to his cheeks. I’m pulling him up from my chest to meet my searching mouth. I’m pulling and then pushing our lips together and he’s pleading with me.
“Stop. Scarlett. Stop,” he says, gently separating from me. I think he wants to stop because his face is so damaged. My face is damaged, but I can’t feel anything bad anymore. Everything feels good. Everything feels simple.
“It’s OK. It’ll be OK.” I dive towards his lips. He pushes me back again, a little rougher than the last time.
“Don’t. Don’t do that,” he says sadly.
“I want to forget.”
“Me too,” he admits. “But Eleni—I loved her. I don’t want—”
His voice drifts away and he gives me a look like his entire world is falling apart. It is. Both of our worlds. And this is how I cope. But not Rabbit. Rabbit doesn’t want to fuck me.
“Come here.” I pat the bed next to me.
“No. No I—”
“I’m not going to violate you. I promise. You can hold me. That’s it,” I say in a neutral voice. Anything warmer and he would probably bolt from the room.
He hesitates, then consents by crawling onto the bed and settling himself onto the covers with a sigh of pain. I reach over and grab one of his arms, wrapping it around me. His limb is tense, at first, but then he relaxes against the touch of another human. His hot breath on the nape of my neck and the hot temperature of his body pressing against mine are even better than caresses.
“Thanks Rabbit,” I say. “I didn’t mean to kiss you.”
“Don’t worry about it. It happens—I guess,” he says. “Get some sleep.”
“You could take some Ecto. It would make you feel better.”
“Nothing will make me feel better,” he whispers.
“Close your eyes.” It’s hard not to roll over. I want to see his face. I want to know he’s suffering just as much as I am.
“I see her,” he says. “When I close my eyes.”
“Think of someone else.”
“Is that what you’re doing?”
“No. I don’t see anything. I don’t feel anything. That’s what the Ecto does.”
“I’m not taking your damn drugs.” His words rumble against my back and ear. The warmth and comfort of him pressed against me invites sleep.
Time passes. He’s up out of bed again. Donald has entered the room and they leave together.
Light creeps in through the door a few minutes later. Or is it hours? I can’t tell. Rabbit enters through the door and pads across the room. In the dim light I notice there’s a bandage on the back of his neck. I close my eyelids as he approaches the bed. I want to pretend like I’m sleeping so he will sleep too.
His lean shadow falls over me, bathing me in darkness. Then it moves off and the door closes. He doesn’t return to the velvet bed, but I hear him settle down onto the floor next to me. I drop a hand down, fumbling for his in the dark. He reaches up to me with his long slender fingers and we are connected again. I breathe a loud sigh of relief. A few moments later he is snoring in the dark.

Morning comes, not because sunlight peeks through the window or an alarm clock shatters our slumber, only because Donald announces it with a triumphant guffaw upon opening the door.
“Good morning!” He sings through the open doorway. “And what is this? A lover’s quarrel?”
Rabbit shoots up from the ground like his legs have springs. He brandishes a kinetic tool in his right hand. Donald shouts and wheels back towards the hallway in horror.
“What in the hell?” Donald curses, kicking out a defensive leg to hold Rabbit at bay.
I can only see the back of Rabbit’s head, which is partially obscured by a hood and a barely visible bandage on the nape of his neck peeking out from underneath the material. The look on Rabbit’s face must be frightening to witness. Donald’s eyes are round as saucers and I know from experience he doesn’t scare easy.
He’s a big chested, broad shouldered Black man with a lilting laugh, a wide grin, and a fascination for three-piece suits and bowties. He’s always well put together and generally unruffled, so it’s nothing short of a miracle that anyone, especially the placid and angsty Rabbit Santiago could produce such a reaction.
“Rabbit!” I snap.
He drops the kinetic tool to the ground and backs away, stumbling against the chair and falling into it with limbs askew. He’s panting and glances over at me with wild eyes. I’d have to guess he was mid-nightmare when Donald showed up. I wonder what he dreamt about. I can never remember my dreams. A blessing given our current situation.
“Rabbit?” Donald questions. “You told me this kid’s name was Victor.”
Donald squints his dark, intelligent eyes at us. Geez, everyone is so untrusting these days. You can’t even sneak past a convincing lie anymore.
“It’s a nickname Donnie,” I inform him, settling back onto the velvet lined pillows with a generous wave of my hand.
Donald puts a hand on his hip.
“Sure. Whatever. But don’t go settling in. You need to get your ass out of that bed and out of here. It’s past noon and the POs have been by twice now. Twice. I’m guessing by your physical state and the room service Victor Rabbit ordered up—you guys are the source of the trouble in my town.” Donald purses his lips.
Rabbit looks over at me and swallows. It’s my turn to glower at him. Maybe taking all that Ecto had been a bad idea. Who knows what Rabbit had said or done while I slept fitfully last night. Stupid ass.
“Oh please don’t trouble your head about me and Sammy. We know how to take care of ourselves or we couldn’t have stayed in business for so long. But I’m serious, you and your boyfriend need to leave. It will be soldiers next time, I’m sure of it.”
“She’s not my girlfriend,” Rabbit mutters, as if the idea is worse than repugnant.
“Whatever. I am deadly serious about you two leaving. In the next hour and of your own accord would be much appreciated.” Donald turns on his heels to leave and I call out to him.
“Donnie, do you have any hair dye?”
“Oh yeah girl, right here in my pocket. Bought it fresh this morning just for you.”
“Don’t be like that,” I coo at him.
He softens and turns back around to me.
“I can send some down with Sammy. You know he has a stock supply. Hope you’re a big fan of pink.” He exits the room and closes the door on us.
I wince as the door slams shut, the pain of the noise reverberating through my pounding skull. I pull a pouty lip at Rabbit. “Do we have any aspirin?”
“I got you,” he says, grappling with the pack. I notice his hands are shaking when he unzips the bag and roots around for a medical kit but I don’t say anything. What’s to say?
He taps three pills out into his palm and extends them towards me. I claim the aspirin and swallow them down with the stale glass of water on the bed next to me. I drain all the fluids from the cup and set it down with a heavy sigh, then scoot gingerly out of bed.
Donald shouts, “Forty-five minutes!” down the steps and Rabbit hops off the chair. I groan my way into a fresh pair of non-vomit stained clothes while Rabbit waits on the other side of the door.
When I finally emerge, he’s dabbing at his eyes and I guess maybe he was crying again. He doesn’t offer an explanation and I don’t inquire. I’d probably be crying too if I hadn’t taken enough drugs to wipe all the emotions off my internal map. Drugs just make life easier. Everything goes in a little locked box that I never have to deal with if I don’t want to.

We climb the steps to the main floor of Hobo’s and find Donald perched behind the bar, amused at our bedraggled entrance. He sets two mugs of coffee and a bottle of pink hair dye on the counter.
“Forty minutes left. Just enough time to do further damage to your beautiful blonde curls. Who attacked your hair anyway? A deranged barber?” Donald asks.
I point a thumb over my shoulder at Rabbit and Donald smirks. “Maybe you two aren’t together after all. I can’t imagine anyone who loves you doing that.”
“Oh, I’m sure he took great pleasure in it.”
I take a seat on the barstool and drain the hot coffee in five big burning gulps. It sears the inside of my throat and roasts my innards, stirring the sludgier parts of my brain. Dragging the rest of the hangover kicking and screaming out of my system. Rabbit sips his mug and engages Donald in polite but informative conversation regarding the PO visits. Then talk turns serious as to how we will escape. I let my companion do all the plotting and steal a doughnut from a box on the counter, consuming it in three bites.
Leaving the boys to their chatter, I take the bottle and a stray hand towel to the claustrophobic bathroom tucked away down a side hall. I pass by the kitchen and Sammy waves at me with a spatula. He’s frying up grilled cheese and fish for the lunch rush of tunnel residents. The smell is alternately appealing and nauseating.
Sammy is an average sized white guy with big ears, kind blue eyes and short trimmed hair. Unlike Donald he dresses mostly in slacks and collared shirts, but he has a wide collection of derby and newsboy hats. He’s sort of a hat aficionado and we’ve had several hours long intoxicated conversations about them. You never realize there is so much you don’t know about the world until you meet someone with a hat collection.
He’s currently wearing a pea soup green newsboy. I tip an imaginary hat and a real wink to him, then I shut and lock the door behind me. I emerge thirty minutes later with a head of hot pink curls stained almost magenta in the places where the dye is over-saturated.
Rabbit neglected to steal any makeup from the bullet train but I have a secret stash of beauty supplies tucked away in the Hobo’s bathroom supply closet. Just a small baggie with travel size perfume, deodorant, waterproof mascara, and a tube of sandalwood lipstick. No sense looking or smelling entirely like a wreck during our escape to Mexico City. I freshen up, apply the beauty products, and exit the bathroom with ten minutes to spare.
Sammy comes out from the kitchen to inspect. He rotates the spatula around and I spin to give him the full effect of my transformation.
“Lookin’ good. Very hardcore. I’d be a little afraid of you if I wasn’t already,” he teases.
I punch his shoulder playfully and accept the baggie of sandwiches, apples, and chips he offers to me.
“Thanks Sammy, you’re the best. Really. You and Donald have been like a family to me for the last year or so. I'll miss you guys,” I say, hugging him tightly.
When I pull away there are tears in both our eyes and I’m glad for the waterproof mascara.
“I don’t know what kind of mess you’re involved in, but for your sake, I hope you know what you’re doing.” He gives me a kiss on the forehead, then turns me around, gives me a swat on the ass and says, “Now get out of here before you bring Fort Columbia down on our heads.”
Donald and Rabbit are still talking as I approach the bar so I catch the tail end of their conversation.
“I wish I did have unregistered guns to spare. There’s a massive underground market for them. Occasionally I’ll get some defecting soldier passing through Portland trying to offload Prothero tech. We don’t traffic in that type of merchandise. Although we do keep one an illegal sawed off shotgun behind the bar in case any of our fine patrons decide to get rowdy.” Donald taps under the bar and looks up to see me standing behind Rabbit.
“Holy smokes! It’s like a whole new you,” Donald proclaims.
Rabbit turns from the no-doubt cold mug of coffee he’s been nursing, and his mouth falls open in what I hope is pleasant shock. Those hard lines between his brows form instead. There is no winning with Rabbit Santiago. Ever.
“Buford,” he starts, trying to sound calm and reasonable, “now I have to take another picture.”
“Go ahead, sugar. I don’t mind. It’ll last longer.”
Rabbit holds up his band—there’s a device attached to the side which I’ve never seen before. It’s a silver clip that attaches to the top and bottom of the band. There’s a port on one end that connects it to some other hardware. There’s a blinky green light at the other end. Rabbit seems pretty pleased with his handiwork.
“My band’s disabled. You’re going to have to explain your new hair color if we get stopped.”
“Let’s hope we don’t get stopped then. What’s that contraption?” I ask, gesturing towards his band.
“It’s a makeshift EMP. The field it generates is much, much smaller than the hand-held version and it should only short out anything within three feet. I was able to overclock the effects, so it lasts for about an hour at a time on the band. Everything else recovers within fifteen to twenty minutes. So when you see this light—” he points to the flashing green button—“turn red, it will send off a pulse. Try and get out of the range if you want to keep all your tech operating.”
“You made that?”
Rabbit scowls and pulls the sleeve of his shirt down over it. “It’s not like I had to hack the band or anything. They taught us in tech lab how to construct makeshift EMPs with limited supplies if we ever get trapped behind enemy lines. I’m not worthless.”
“I didn’t say you were.”
He blinks and says, “You’re right. You didn’t.”
Donald’s gaze flits between both of us with his eyebrows raised, tracking the conversation.
“Even more reason to get you the hell out of here. Apparently, you’re keeping company with some sort of boy genius who modifies Prothero tech. Which is a federal offense.”
Rabbit opens his mouth.
“Then again, so is harboring criminals, dealing in Salt, owning unregistered weapons, etc. etc. I don’t want to argue the finer points of legality here. I just want to bid you adieu.” Donald comes out from behind the far end of the bar, near the doorway that leads to the tunnel entrance.
“One last order of business.” I grab for Rabbit’s coveted bag and dig around inside for Toto, removing three plastic baggies of Salt. I consider the drugs for a brief moment and then retract a fourth as well. I place them on the bar counter and flash Donald a business face.
“I need cash.”
He stares down at the pile of drugs wistfully.
“I suppose this is the last we’ll see of you and your wonderful product?”
“We need to travel down south. What can you give me?”
I squint up at him because he’s tall but also because I think it makes me look serious. I have to suppress the intense desire to start biting my thumb nail which is not what a serious businesswoman would do.
Donald glances over at Rabbit who diverts his attention to the drug pile and then back up again, slipping into an ambivalent hundred-yard stare. Donald lets out a loud sigh and scoops up the baggies.
“I should charge you, you know. For the room, the supplies, the food Sammy gave you. But this one—this one’s on the house. And I’ll give you double the usual price for the Salt. Because I can probably get three times as much now that you’re leaving the market. It’s gonna be dry around here until new competition moves in.”
Donald digs down in the pocket of his pants and pulls out a wad of unmarked bills. They’re not registered to any particular user. It’s “free money” in that sense. He counts out four hundred—looks up, gives me a long stare—then ticks off another hundred and presses it into my palm.
“You take this. And you get out of here. You get far, far away.” Donald crushes me up in a bear hug and steps away gruffly. He gives Rabbit a firm handshake. “You take care of her now. Scarlett is special to us. I don’t know what she is to you, but you treat her right. You keep her safe.”
Rabbit nods solemnly.
“Don’t worry. He’ll be safe with me. I’ll take good care of him.” I pat Donald on the arm placatingly. He belly laughs and pounds a fist on my shoulder.
“You know the way out, right? Or do I have to hold your hand?”
I smile at him wanly. “No, Donnie. I think the days of us holding hands are all over.”
He bends over, kisses my cheek and retreats back behind the bar—sweeping the baggies of weed off the counter as he goes.
“Catch you later, Scarlett Buford.”
“See you on the other side, Donnie.” I tip an imaginary hat to him and we move down the steps into the darkness of the Shanghai tunnels.


CHAPTER FOUR:
PATIENT ZERO
I am told my name is Patient Zero. I know this is wrong, though I do not know why. As with many things, the more times I am told something, the more times I am inclined to believe it. I am Patient Zero because they say I am. But secretly, I believe I might be someone else.
I believe I might be someone else because when I dream, I dream about another person’s life. A girl. She has long, wavy dark hair and wide innocent almond eyes. She wears cumbersome dresses and paints her fingernails and draws pictures with crayons which her parents put on the communal fridge at the hospital where they work and live.
She sleeps in their bed, snuggled under the covers and tucked in between her parents. Even with the safety of her loved ones nearby, it can be hard to rest. So the girl stares at the walls, watching patches of light move and dance along the concrete and plaster. Listening to the lullaby of drone engines and machine guns and tanks.
The little girl rolls over to her sleeping father, but he has his back to her and she can’t see his face and she remembers how grumpy he gets when awoken. She turns to her mother instead, who is facing up towards the ceiling. She watches her mother’s chest rise and fall with each breath. She reaches up to touch the black hair splayed across the stiff pillows and twists it up in her fingers. She leans over and kisses her mother’s cheek.
Her mother stirs and opens her dark eyes with an exhale of breath. She’s annoyed a little, but she won’t growl about it like her father. She’ll sigh and wrap the little girl in her arms, pulling her over onto her chest. The little girl will press her ear against the cushiony breasts there and listen for the most comforting sound she knows.
The steady beating of her mother’s heart. Wrapped in warm arms and she can hear another person’s heart beating just like her own.
My heart stopped beating once. Twice. Three times. And they put me back together again. Like the nursery rhyme stories from the mother’s tablet they would read together at night. Then the little girl outgrew the picture books and they would read her chapter books like, “The Mouse and The Motorcycle” instead.
No. I shouldn’t remember these things. Patient Zero never had parents. I’m a clone of that other girl. That’s what they tell me. They keep telling me in soothing voices, but I keep hearing the beat of this little girl’s heart. Her mother’s heart. Her father’s heart.
This little girl rides on a fast train, snuggled between her parents like always. She wants to look out the window but there’s something they don’t want her to see so she examines her father instead. He has a big nose, bushy eyebrows, and a black mustache. There are wrinkles and worry lines and pockmarks dotting his slender, gaunt face. His hair is peppered with white and grey flecks and a pair of thick rimmed glasses perch on his nose. He stares out the window, with one hand pressed over his mouth. His eyes, though hidden behind a glare against the lenses, are full of pain.
The little girl takes his free hand and gives it a squeeze. Her father looks down as if he’s just now noticed she’s there. A troubled smile lights his face—trembling at the edge of his lips. He reaches into the breast pocket of his jacket and pulls out a wrapped piece of candy, handing it to her. She takes it, untwisting the plastic and setting it on her tongue, lifting it to the roof of her mouth to savor the taste. It’s cinnamon. She tastes cinnamon on her tongue, and it doesn’t taste anything like the metal that is in my mouth.
They tell me I am Patient Zero. But I hear a different name echoing to me in the darkness with the voice of this girl’s mother and father. This name sounds like the beating of hearts.
I see an older girl with short wavy hair and simple clothes and no makeup. She sits in the back of a tech class scribbling on her tablet. A light flashes on a band behind her and she turns to see a skinny boy with a long nose and big ears running a virtual program. He shows one of the other residents the map of a star system. He zooms in and out of the image with a quick flick of his wrist. He talks, points, and laughs with a genuine ease that the young woman has never been able to possess.
Or maybe she did once, and lost it.
The young man clicks off the virtual and looks up to catch her staring. She flushes and spins back towards the front of the room. She looks down at the tablet. She’s been doodling in the margins. She’s been drawing him.
Patient Zero doesn’t have friends either. I’m told. I was born in a lab and raised in a lab and I never knew what it was like to connect with another person. To love or be loved. How is it that I have memories of this young man’s face? I remember so clearly the way his eyebrows raised and warmth radiated from the curve of his lips and spilled from them when he chuckled.
If Patient Zero never knew anyone or anything outside of this world, why do I recall an older version of the girl, wearing a grey tank top and cut off shorts, sitting on the edge of a river with a glass of whiskey in her hand, watching another young woman splashing through the water with a gentleman in pursuit. The sun dances off the river and the beautiful blonde stops for a brief moment during her frolicking to tip an imaginary hat and wink to the girl on the shore.
The other girl shakes her head, sips her drink and looks up into the sky. She stretches out, falls onto her back and sets the whiskey on her stomach. Through the distortion of the glass she watches the blonde swimming and splashing, hears her squealing laughter. This girl’s relaxed, genuine smile stretches so hard across her face it almost hurts. It hurts for this girl to smile.
I am told I am Patient Zero. As with many things, the more times I am told something, the more I am inclined to believe it. But what I hear is the pounding of these other hearts. I hear the pulse of them moving across time to where I am now. I’ve heard and felt the booming sound through their chests. I’ve touched these people and tasted their tears and I’ve heard the sound of their hearts.
Not this other girl. Me. I’ve done that.
Disembodied voices whisper names to me in the dark. They whisper things that Patient Zero must say and do in order to return to life. But what these cynical voices seem to forget, what they fail to understand is that I am already alive. I always have been. I hear different names. I know different things. Things they robbed me of the last time I was in these walls. The first time I was in these walls.
My name is Patient Zero. But it is not my only name. It is not all I am. It is not all I will be when I finally wake up.
I just need to wake up.
Wake up.


CHAPTER FIVE:
ASHLAND, OREGON
We’ve been on the run for almost five days now. We purchased a few more supplies in Eugene—the only other real safe haven in the state of Oregon. It’s rained once now, so the small two man tent came in handy, along with the water purification system, and the fresh pack of rations we bought at the surplus store.
We’re gonna need all these things to get us through the Shasta National Forest. I’ve been pulling up the map of the forest often, especially since Rabbit downloaded the application onto my band after we got lost in the rat-infested tunnels under Portland.
That was a whole other nightmare I don’t even want to speak of.
We’re heading towards Ashland, but it’s still at least a day away. We’re moving slow while Rabbit limps on his twisted ankle. Ashland is the last major city before the Oregon/California border. We’re down about a hundred bucks but we’ve still got another twelve baggies of Salt, so I’m not overly concerned about finances. I want to find a hot shower in Ashland, if there’s a rest area. Maybe at one of the train depots.
We’ve been smart though, camping out mostly in wooded areas that provide cover from the road. I voted for us to travel at night—it would be safer, with less chance of being spotted, but Rabbit insisted daylight would be easier in the long run. He’s probably just nursing his ankle, or maybe it’s something else—the fever in his body, aggravated by the cold evening air, and the inability to see properly in the dark all mean tripping in potholes or suffering from hypothermia.
Evening fires are probably not the best idea, but we need to keep warm and don’t have consistent light from the bands with Rabbit generating his EMP field every hour. We can’t set up the cloaking device Rabbit rigged for the tent either unless he slept outside of it. In fact, the entire spectacle of the EMP grates on our nerves.
The drugs are probably the only thing keeping me asleep at night. Rabbit refuses to take them, so he suffers with being jostled awake in sixty-minute increments. I don’t think he sleeps much to begin with. It’s Eleni. Her ghost haunts us. I’ve got the Ecto to defy it. Rabbit doesn’t have anything.
He sits across the fire from me, fiddling with the settings on the taser before the next round of EMP outage renders the task pointless. The taser is my weapon, but he swiped it this evening, muttering the word “calibrations” under his breath. He’s desperately trying to avoid reading the letters in Len’s tin box, which he sets at his feet every night. It rests up against the toes of his boots like an old hound dog begging for a scrap of attention. Sometimes he places the tin in his lap and loses himself in the flames until his eyes emulate the fire.
In the quiet humbling glow of the firelight—I can see why Len probably loved him. Rabbit can’t hide his intense longing when he’s sitting alone with the tin. He looks real and human and not like the Rabbit I recall from Fort Columbia.
Tonight, while he does his tech nerd thing, I click through a trashy romance novel I’ve already read three times which refuses to hold my attention. I’m tired of the silence. I close the book and stare through the flickering flames at Rabbit. He won’t talk about Len, but I know he doesn’t want to talk about anything else.
“Can I tell you something about my brother?” I ask.
Rabbit shrugs without looking up—he fiddles with the band and EMP device to avoid my keen powers of observation.
“My brother Logan is older than me, which doesn’t make him smarter or more mature or anything. We used to get in fights all the time. Not just little fights about the TV or whatever. We used to get in huge brawls and one time he was reaching to snatch a pickle out of a jar I had in my lap—so I stabbed his hand with a fork,” I say, poking at the fire with a stick I’ve claimed as my own.
“I stabbed him hard enough that his hand started bleeding. I felt really awful. I washed all the pickle juice off him and bandaged it up. I probably shouldn’t have done that—stabbed him with the fork. But I just got so mad. He was always taking whatever he wanted without asking. He was always doing whatever he wanted.” I jab at the fire a little more heatedly, remembering how annoying Logan could be.
Rabbit stops fiddling with the tech and sets it down in his lap. He leans forward like he might be listening.
“He was always making dumb life choices, which either my parents or myself would have to clean up. He’s the reason we got forced into the work camp in the first place. He borrowed my parent’s car for a drunken night of carousing and crashed the thing into three houses and a baby grand piano. One of those huge, old fashioned pianos that cost a fortune. I mean, that was it. That’s all it took and suddenly we lost our house and I never got to finish school and then finally, finally I convinced them to let me into National Service.” I poke extra hard at the fire and one of the logs crashes down into the embers, sending a flood of sparks into the sky.
The sparks drift and then snuff out into nothingness. Rabbit watches me across the fire. There we go, I’ve hooked him now. He wants to talk. About Len, or maybe not about her. Maybe about anything and everything but her.
He opens his mouth to speak but then his gaze drifts down to the tin at his feet. His mouth closes. Not yet.
“My parents were schoolteachers, if you can believe that. My mom was a secondary school English teacher. My dad was the school psychologist. That’s where I got my love of psychology and trashy romance novels. My mom hated those romance novels and she’d regularly scrounge them up and toss them in our mulch pile. She loved books too much to burn them, but she didn’t mind turning them into fertilizer.”
“I used to make it like a game—hiding those books from her. I would read them quick then stash them in all sorts of nooks and crannies in the house. Under the sink behind the toilet paper. In the freezer. One time I emptied a whole box of cereal and slid one into the cardboard. Then re-added the cereal to be extra sneaky.”
“The next morning—instead of a bowl full of cornflakes—a smutty book tumbled out in my mom’s breakfast bowl. She sat there looking down at that stupid cover with the embracing couple and she just lost it. She picked up that book and hucked it right at me. Almost hit me in the head too.”
“Logan caught it—snatched it right out of thin air—then settled down in his seat, quick as you please. We all got a good laugh out of it afterwards. But at the time, it was almost brotherly. Maybe one of the only brotherly things he ever did.”
Rabbit watches me from across the fire. He opens his mouth to say something and then closes it again. I’m about to abandon all my efforts and call it a night when his mouth gapes open once more, and his brows knit together in steely resolve. That’s it. He’s gonna talk.
“How long were you in love with Eleni?” he asks in a sparse, even tone like he’s been shifting the words around on his tongue all evening and finally figured out the right way to dislodge them.
That’s definitely not what I thought he was gonna say.
My heart drops into my lap and my stomach whirls and I feel momentarily disembodied, like this is a scene and we’re all actors and maybe Eleni is about to walk out of the dark night. Maybe she’s gonna lean over my shoulder, press her lips against my ears and whisper, “Boo.”
“What’re you talking about?”
He makes a noise in the back of his throat like the chuff of a contented dog.
“You were in love with her, weren’t you?”
My face flushes. My clothes are suddenly too tight and too hot. I bite back the desire to scramble away from the fire—to run and just keep running—to never stop running.
Instead I whisper into the flames, “I was in love with her for a long time.”
“Were you two together?” he asks, his eyes boring into mine.
“We kissed a couple times when we partied. But it wasn’t a romantic kiss. There was no fire or glow or anything. Not like what I saw between the two of you. She just seemed distant when it happened, like part of her wasn’t really there.”
He makes a small grumbling sound that I can’t easily identify, like a chuckle or a groan mixed with a sob.
“I miss her.” My voice cracks on the words and I look up at the sky and breathe out through my nostrils.
“I loved her too,” he says, and his voice sounds like a butter knife sliding over dry toast—his words crunchy with emotion. His hands tighten around the tin in his lap. All the responsibility for her death right there in his hands.
“If you loved her—why’d you do it?” I ask. “Why’d you give her letters to Fuller?”
He swallows, the dry click audible even over the sputtering flames and the forest noises around us. “I didn’t,” he says, voice going low and cold. Now he sounds like steel crashing against steel.
“You had those letters and then Clinton had them. Stands to reason, you—” I point at him with the stick—“are the one who gave him those fucking letters.”
“Stop pointing that stick at me, Buford.”
“Stop evading the question, Santiago.”
“She came back. I found her that night and she came back.” He pushes the tin off his lap, and it hits the ground with a thud. “Not for me. She wanted you.”
“She came back for the cure. That’s why I was with her. That’s the only reason I was with her. She knew I needed it for my brother.”
“I was going to burn the letters—burn everything. But Clinton found me and took the tin. I couldn’t stop him,” he hangs his head. “I could never stop him. I could only clean up after him—after his messes.”
Like Logan. The labor camp and the stipend allotments and my parents tired hungry faces watching me through a barbed wire fence. A shudder rolls through me. I reach up to run a hand over the labor camp barcode underneath the short pink curls.
“You know what that’s like, don’t you?” Rabbit asks. “Cleaning up after someone’s messes?”
Heat rises in my cheeks. Santiago thinks he knows me. Thinks he knows something he can use to justify his shitty mistakes. No way. No fucking way is he lumping us together like we’re the same.
“Logan was my brother. Fuller was nothing to you. You’re just a coward,” I say. “You got Len killed because you’re a coward. What did Fuller have on you anyway? What was it, Rabbit?”
He drops his head and says nothing.
“I can’t believe you’re still protecting him. He’s fucking dead. He killed Eleni. And you just stood there and watched. You fucking coward.”
His head snaps up and his eyes narrow to a burning orange reflection. He jumps to his feet and the tin falls off his lap, rolling into a patch of dirt and pine needles.
“You think being brave would’ve stopped Clint? Eleni was brave. She was the only one who stood up to him. Brave got her killed. I tried over and over again to persuade her that Clint was a piece of shit. She didn’t need him. I was going to help her get into SAI. But she didn’t want that either. She didn’t want—she didn’t want me—whatever. Fuck you, Buford. You don’t know shit about me, and you don’t know shit about her.”
He runs both hands over his head and pops up the hood of his jacket. The tin is still at his feet. The lid popped open when it hit the ground and the bloody letters tumbled out. I swallow hard. The nightmares are coming for me. I regret even starting this conversation tonight. I thought I wanted to talk about Eleni. I thought that would make things better.
“I didn’t know about the SAI thing. About Fuller.” I tap the stick against a log and sparks shoot into the air. “She didn’t tell me that.”
“There are lots of things she didn’t tell me.” He pushes a toe up against the tin and it flops over on its side like a dead thing. More bloody letters tumble out. “Some things I had to find out on my own.”
“Why’d you keep it?” I ask, gesturing towards the tin. “Once you read everything, once you figured out what she really was. Why didn’t you burn the letters in the first place?”
He utters a wounded noise. “I wanted to know what he told her. What made her leave. What made her—” he draws a sharp breath. “What made her love him. The Matador. I just wanted to know her. And feel like maybe some part of her wanted me. Or wanted to know me.”
“And?”
“Now I know.”
“She lied to you. She lied to all of us.” I scowl into the flames.
“She lied to herself. She tried to do the right thing. But that gets fuzzier and greyer the deeper you go—when you try to choose sides.”
I nod and slump back against the log, letting the fire stick fall where it may.
“She always thought those implants—all that tech shit—made her a monster. The most monstrous thing was like, how easily she lied to everyone. What’s that saying—how do you destroy a monster without becoming one?”
“You don’t,” he says.
Rabbit bends to scoop the tin up, pushing the letters back inside and snapping it closed.
“She’s not in there,” I say.
“I don’t want to talk about her anymore. I don’t want to talk to you. I—”
“You need to sleep for more than an hour at a time.”
He stops moving. He struggles to breathe for a moment.
“I can’t,” he whispers. “I can’t sleep.”
“I can help.” I fish in my pocket and remove a baggy of individual white Ecto pills. I hold them up for him to see.
“No.” He lopes past me towards the tent. “I don’t want your drugs.”
“You talk about her when you sleep. You talk to her sometimes. And you’re always apologizing. What are you apologizing for Rabbit?”
He stops and his shadow towers over me. Despite my proximity to the fire, it is cold in his footprint. He can be so cold.
“I’m not trying to drug you, Sugar. I’m trying to help you sleep. It’s just one pill.”
I hold up the drug and he reaches out for it.
“It will help you forget.”
For some reason, this statement tugs at the corner of his mouth.
“I don’t want to feel anything anymore,” he says, and his voice already sounds empty. “I thought I wanted to feel something again. But it’s too much, you know? This shit is too much.”
He retrieves the tablet and opens his mouth, setting it on his tongue and letting it dissolve there. His face is expressionless. There’s nothing in his eyes now. I guess that was my goal. It’s better to feel nothing than feel pain. Right?
We sit in silence for a moment and then he glances up at the limited amount of sky we can see between the hanging limbs of tall trees. The blinking lights of the Iron Curtain satellite looms above our heads—the red and green bursts are much clearer from this new vantage point on the hemisphere. When I was little, I used to think the curtain was another moon.
“Going to rain again,” Rabbit says, with that same nothing in his voice.
He disappears into the tent, leaving me to muse in the ensuing downpour all by myself. Water taps against my skull, dripping off my nose, and I remember with a sudden and distinct clarity the scent of Clinton’s blood moments after I shot him in the head.
The nightmares are coming for me. I set a pill on my tongue and watch as the rain drowns the small fire, snuffing out it’s life until there are nothing but barely sparking embers. In the final flashes, I think I see the ghost of Eleni curling up from the ashy smoke. It’s time to sleep now.
I follow Rabbit’s path to shelter, zipping us into the womb-like interior of the tent. There’s not much room to maneuver in, but I strip off my wet clothes and scramble down into the sleeping bag with him. Our bedding is more of a plastic bag and less of the soft, squishy bed rolls we were gifted by the Academy when we went on “spike out” trips off base.
Rabbit’s wearing a T-shirt and boxer shorts. Our naked skin brushes against one another and rolls delicious sensations across my body. I bite my lip and stuff the physical responses far down in my brain. In the dark, tucked up against each other, his relaxed breathing sighs in my ears. He rolls over onto his side and our faces nearly touch. His breath smells slightly stale, but still has a faint odor of cinnamon. His eyelids flutter open and he stares at me with fevered, lusty eyes.
“Who are you?” he asks. His hot breath tingles against my mouth and pleasant shivers run down my spine.
“I’m Juniper Crow,” I whisper back to him. “Who are you?”
“I’m Rory Santiago.”
“No. You’re Victor Leon.”
He’s propped his head up on his left hand. His other hand lays flat between us, but his fingers tremble close to my naked abdomen. His head bobs forward and his lips brush past my cheek. He stops for a second and whispers, “No I’m not.”
The strong and sudden desire to kiss him wells up in me. I chew on my cheek to tamp it down. This isn’t my Rabbit. This is Eleni’s Rabbit.
“I’m a liar, Juniper Crow. I lied to her. I loved her and she ripped a hole through the middle of my life. Everything I was supposed to do. Everything I worked for. Every bad thing I did to get there. She ripped a hole through the middle of my life.” A strange, sad smile falls over his lips. He looks towards the tin resting next to his head.
Eleni’s beautiful sad Rabbit.
“I was going to kiss you before you said that,” I whisper close to his ear.
“You were going to kiss me?”
“You were going to kiss me too.”
“I was. I want to kiss you. Why do I want to kiss you?”
“Because kissing helps you forget.”
He moves his hand to rest against the wall of my belly, caressing my skin with an expression of deep fascination. His fingers roll up over my hips and settle themselves on the swell of my thigh, kneading it with a rising urgency.
“I loved her,” he says, tipping forward so his forehead bumps into mine. The rough stubble of his whiskered cheek brushes against me and I taste the salt of his mouth as his lips crush into mine—soft and plump.
“I loved her too,” I whisper between kisses.
“She died. And I couldn’t save her,” he says around the burning tangle of our tongues.
“You’re supposed to forget.”
“Who are you?” he asks, kissing along my jawline. His lips brush tenderly against my skin and set off explosions of euphoria in my brain.
“I’m Juniper Crow,” I whisper into the lobe of his ear. “And I’m gonna make you forget.”
His long, strange fingers squeeze my thigh, pulling my hips toward his. He drags me on top of him, so I’m straddling his waist. My wet hair drips down onto his shirt, little spots blooming on his chest. My searching hands reach underneath his clothes—rolling over his sinewy muscles. I tug the shirt over his head, and he sits up, bringing his face to mine and kissing me again. It’s a wild kiss, stirring an intimate ache in me. His hands reach up to hold my neck and his right thumb traces a soft, gentle pattern on the dimple of my cheek.
Finally, our kiss runs out of steam and he collapses to the ground to breathe fresh air. When he does this, I catch sight of the prison tattoo inked over his heart. No mistaking that symbol. “Prison camp?” I ask, tracing a finger across his skin. “Residents don't come from prison camps.”
I expect him to brush me away, but he intertwines his fingers with mine—covering the tattoo. “Murderers come from prison camps,” he says with his lids closed and his voice dreamy and far off.
A wild fear tangles up inside me. “Who did you kill?”
“Eleni Garza.” He reaches for the chain around his neck.
Len’s necklace. I keep mentally misplacing it because I don't want the resulting emotions when it captures my attention again. Her necklace rests in the hollow of his chest near his heart. Len’s heart. This is Rabbit. Len’s Rabbit. This is wrong.
He looks up at me and his eyes are on fire with lust and grief. He loved her. She loved him. I loved her and I don't love this bald, skinny boy with his soft lips and big ears. Not now. Not like this. My paper-thin resolve tears in two and not even the pleasant flux of drugs can make me forget now.
“I can’t do this,” I say, letting myself sink down onto his chest. His heart pounds hard against my ear and I like its steady beat. He’s a good guy with a steady heart.
I think I made the right choice.
“It’s OK,” he sighs. The carnal tones are purged from his voice, but the longing remains. Maybe he wanted me tonight. Maybe if things had been different. I can let that be enough.
“You don’t want me,” I murmur against the skin of his chest.
“I don’t even know you.”
“Who are you?” I ask.
“I’m Rory Santiago,” he says into the curly pink masses of my new hair. “And I loved her.” His hands reach down to tangle in my hair. He kneads my scalp like it’s dough and the sensation mellows both of us. Like petting an animal—a sense of calm and peace results for both parties.
After a few minutes his fingers stop moving and his breathing slows and evens out. There’s no twitching and wincing and crying like the last few nights. I kiss the top of his head and zip us back into the sleeping bag. Instead of rolling over, I turn so we’re facing each other.
“I like you,” I say, curling up against him and nuzzling into his ear. “I do like you.”
He mutters and flails his body around until his arm falls protectively over me. His hand is back in my hair. I let it rest there. Because we both need it.

In the morning, I awake before he does. He sleeps until noon and then we break camp. He tries to talk about our near sex-capades but I wave him off. I am adding it to the list of things I don’t really want to remember. Although I do remember it very vividly.
The day progresses the same as the last: we follow the highway. If there’s no cover to take advantage of, we move low through the tall grass and duck if we hear any suspicious noises.
In only a few hours we enter Ashland, which is the seven-mile wasteland I imagined it might be. It boasts a single train station and no other discernible life besides that. Not enough citizens live here to put the effort or energy into anything other than a water dispenser at the train station. But there could be a few pump wells near some of the old farmhouses.
There’s a ninety-three-acre park in the middle of the city, named Lithia, after the lithium oxide water running through Ashland Creek. We can bathe at the creek, fill up water, and camp in the wooded area. We’d be diverting from our usual path near the highway, which wouldn’t be such a bad thing. Foolish consistency, and all that.
Changing up our pattern seems like an even better idea when we narrowly avoid a passing overhead drone towards dusk. Rabbit’s EMP kicks off right as it flies overhead and we hear the briefest shudder of the engine, though it keeps moving in a southerly direction—following the same path we are. They could just be fanning out in all directions, but a curdling anxiety in my gut tells me otherwise.
We’re marching through a once-paved path near the springs when Rabbit trips over a root and falls forward on his face. He tosses off the heavy pack with a loud curse. He landed on the bad ankle again, which he grips tightly—massaging the area.
“You OK?” I fall to one knee and place a hand on his shoulder.
“Not really. This ankle keeps giving out. And that drone nearly tagged us. What if they’re setting roadblocks up ahead? It’s been way too quiet the last few days. Ever since we hit Eugene they’ve sent one, maybe two of those a day. The waves are still quiet. No mention of Clinton or Eleni. Or us,” Rabbit growls, kneading at the pain in his leg.
“You’ve been holding in a lot.” I pat his shoulder gently.
He bats my arm away. “I’m not joking, Buford.”
“You’re not gonna do any good wrenching on it like that.” I slap at his hands and he drops them away from his ankle. “Take off your shoe and dunk your foot in the creek water. That will help with the immediate swelling.”
He unties his laces, removes his sock, and scoots over to the spring where he dips his foot in—hissing with equal parts pain and pleasure as he does so.
“See, much better. Here, take this.” I toss the sock at his head and he catches it, dunking it in the water next to his foot.
“Get it nice and wet. Wrap it around your ankle. Then elevate. We can make camp here tonight. I think we should avoid a fire.” I dump the supplies off my back and wander into the wooded area looking for a 7x7 plot of flat land. I find one that looks promising and set up the tent. I roll out the sleeping bag and dump out the supplies. If Rabbit’s ankle is messed up, we’re not going anywhere today. Maybe I’ll pop into town for some supplies.
Rabbit calls me back.
“Thanks Buford,” he says.
“You’re welcome.”
I take his arm and help him hobble to our new sleeping arrangement. I’ve even set up a log in the tent so he can elevate.
“Rest, ice, compression and elevation. You’re getting the full RICE treatment today,” I laugh, tucking him into bed.
He doesn’t laugh with me. His expression turns sour and he grabs my arm. “I’m slowing us down.”
“No you’re not. We’re making good time.”
He arches his eyebrows. “Don’t lie, Buford. Something’s wrong with me. My brain feels fuzzy. I keep seeing and hearing things I shouldn’t see or hear. And this damn band.” He gestures at his wrist. “The EMP makes me feel crazy. It’s hard to sleep or eat. I want to turn it off so I can think.”
“You can’t. They’ll find us. They already know we’re here.”
“No.” His face falls. “You’re right.” He burrows down into the sleeping bag and pulls Len’s tin box towards him. He rests his forehead against it and closes his lids. The EMP buzzes and he grits his teeth as the pulse washes over us. The smell of burning skin fills the tent so strongly I almost gag.
“You should eat something.” I poke his back and shake a baggy of rations at him.
He’s right. There’s something else happening to him. Despite his several hours’ worth of slumber last night and this morning, he doesn’t look much better. I didn’t think long term exposure to an EMP could affect someone like this. Of course, I've never been around anyone enduring long term exposure to an EMP before.
“I’m not hungry.”
“Suit yourself. I’m eating your share.” I poke his back again.
He doesn’t move.
I don’t eat his portion of the dried fruit, vegetable, and protein, but I strongly consider the option. Instead, I dole out my meager allotment and yearn for the days of hearty eating at Fort Columbia. Chocolate bars. Lasagna. Fresh vegetables. I chew half-heartedly, drink the tangy Lithia water and contemplate Rabbit pretending to sleep next to me.
“We’re taking the day off. I’m gonna grab junk food from the train station. You stay here and wallow in self-pity. Doctors’ orders.” I head towards the door.
“Wait,” he says, pushing himself up to a sitting position. “Wait ten minutes until your band kicks on. You’ll have decent lighting and a map of the city.” He roots around in the pack and pulls out a sheathed hunting knife he picked up in Eugene.
“Take this with you.” He tosses me the blade.
“Don’t need it. Already have the taser. Besides, what would you defend yourself with if Prothero should swoop down in my absence?”
Rabbit offers a pained grin and taps on his temple. “Mind powers.”
I toss the knife back at him.
“Keep it. I wouldn’t bet on your mind powers.” I exit the tent and slip into my combat boots.
“That hurts, Buford,” Rabbit calls out, his voice filtering through the zipped-up tent. “Be careful. Please.”
“I’ll be fine. Would you recognize me as Scarlett Buford?”
“I barely recognize you as Juniper Crow.” It’s less convincing because he can’t even see me through the tent.
“Keep that ankle elevated. Stop fucking up.”
“I’ll try,” he says with a forced laugh.

I loiter around the tent for another twenty minutes, grabbing four baggies of Salt from Toto and stuffing them in the water pack for safe keeping. Who knows what kind of unsavory characters I’ll meet on my travels. They might be kindly disposed to purchasing drugs.
My band kicks on and I pull up a virtual map of the city. To reach the train station I’ll have to move a few miles into the rotting heart of Ashland, walking north along Windburn Way, a road springing away from Highway 99.
After thirty minutes of walking, I pass by the old theatre where plays were performed at the Shakespeare Festival every year. The huge open-air Elizabethan theatre has fallen into disrepair along with the park’s bathroom facilities and the entire town itself. The crumbling relics of humanity and history are eerily quiet, except for the occasional rustle of an animal moving around in the dark with me.
From the right, burrowed into the gently sloping hill below the theatre, a coyote howl rips through the quiet, sending shivers down my spine. Another answers it, close by in the grass. I take two deep breaths and will my feet to keep moving. I will my body not to break out into a run. I need to be calm and collected. I can’t give in to fear. These are only wild animals with limited intelligence, relying on their instincts to guide them. I’m a human being with a huge brain and plenty of training to keep me safe.
If only I had sharp teeth as well.
Another howl directly behind me completely undoes my artificial calm. I take off sprinting across the barely paved path, the grass whipping at my legs and arms, the pine trees swaying and mocking above. The rustle of legs and panting of breath behind me are all the motivation I need to run, even though my body protests. It’s been a long day on my feet already.
I round the corner into the plaza and find myself in the carcass of the four-acre Shakespeare campus. The signs are faded and rusted, and a large wooden sign with a map marks the positions of buildings with a barely readable “You Are Here” sticker. If I move between the Pavilion and Angus Bowmer Theatre, the paths spills into the main campus and multiple other paths dump onto Main Street, which connects to the bullet train station.
The rustling behind me stops as soon as I enter the crumbling buildings. I’ve made it to an area outside of their territory. Or they smell something dangerous and have shied away, which is more likely. I stop moving and crane my neck, tuning my ears to the sound of human voices.
The blood runs cold in my veins when I hear the chatter of people coming from several hundred feet away—near the open courtyard. The distinct rumble of cycle engines drowns out all the other night noises.
I skitter across the paved plaza and dodge under the awning of a building which could have been plucked out of jolly old England. I dim the band, but I keep the map open so I can determine where I am in location to those noises. This structure was used as the Group Sales Offices. There’s another path on the southern end leading to Pioneer Street, an alternate exit. It would skirt around the cluster of voices.
I creep to the end of the building and snag a mirrored makeup compact from the utility belt of my dress—holding it up to peek around at the gathering. It’s a cycle gang. They’re wearing leather jackets and vests marked by the symbol of a sugar skull—calavera—with wings and a rose clamped firmly in its teeth. The Skulls.
This gang is made up of a few hundred women, men, and children. A few of their members also play support roles—cooks, a medic or two, a gypsy woman who tells fortunes by reading palms. There’s even a preacher. The Skulls travel this stretch of highway, successfully evading Prothero by using unlicensed electric cycle technology developed here in Ashland decades ago. This is their home turf and the West Coast their stomping grounds.
I’m not too worried about being found out. I’ve sold to their members in Portland before. They like to shack up with the Kings when they roll through and my two favorite bartenders helped me secure a tentative connection. The Skulls do clean business with established sellers. I can offload more of our Salt stash if I find one or two people who’ve dealt with me before. Or at least someone familiar with the Kings.
My attention is captivated by the rifles, hand-guns, EMP guns and even the LRADs strapped to the handle-bars of their cycles. Any number of those items would come in handy during our journey. Especially an unregistered rifle. Their voices—at first rumbling in low conversational tones—rise in jovial and ferocious shouting as bottles trade hands and the scent of smoking Flash and Ecto clouds the air.
That’s gonna play well for me. If they’re passed out on drugs and alcohol—they’ll be much more pliable to my wares. I might even sweet talk them out of a rifle without giving up my entire stash in the process. I settle in to wait until they’re good and messed up.


CHAPTER SIX:
LITHIA PARK
Gunfire startles me out of my dreamless daydream. I stop myself from jumping to my feet and giving up my position, but just barely. Cold sweat breaks out on my forehead and I reach a shaking hand into the belt of my dress. Using the compact mirror, I survey the crowd again. Half are passed out in various states of undress—flopped over on bedrolls or the ground. The others are still carousing late into the night—taking sips from metal flasks and passing around cigarettes with the unmistakable scent of Salt floating through the air.
It’s not clear where the gunshot came from, but none of the Skulls seem bothered, so I settle back into my position to observe.
A man fairly close to me wears a utilikit and his flaming red locks are braided down his back and into his beard. A personal defense weapon—PDW—bumps against his back from a sling over his shoulder. It’s a semi-automatic firearm, a Heckler and Koch MP7 from the looks of it. German engineered, expensive and old. This probably came from someone’s private collection. I can’t tell from this vantage point if it’s loaded or the safety is off, but I’m guessing the answer is yes to both of those questions. We are outnumbered and outgunned if they should go on the offensive this evening.
But the only offensive thing they are currently engaged in is public drunkenness and nudity. Maybe some good old-fashioned fornication in the great outdoors. I click the compact closed, slip it into the utility belt of my dress and open the main storage compartment of the water pack. I survey the contents: four baggies of Salt.
I have my heart set on a rifle, but the flag waving near the medical tent catches my attention and I remember the fevered look in Rabbit’s eyes. He’s sick with something. Maybe I should try to get some actual medicine, some antibiotics or whatever the Skulls use to stave off infection in their camp.
Does he have NV? I don’t know, but I also don't know how long it’s been since Rabbit had his inoculation. I know mine was recent, a week before Len showed up. A few days before Len died. For the Skulls to survive, they must have some form of inoculation. I tuck the baggies of Salt down into my bra for easy access and slip out from the shadows of the building.
Here goes something.
I’m not immediately spotted amidst the drug-and-alcohol-fueled revelry, so I manage to pass the outer ring of the camp where most of the fornication is happening. A few people glance towards me with bleary, intoxicated eyes and then return to their bottles or bodies. It’s only when I enter the pulse of the LED torches, they’ve ringed their camp with that people actually notice me.
The kids approach first, because I look like a nice, sympathetic lady with pink hair who might give them money or food in exchange for their sweet smiles and puppy dog expressions. And normally it might, but I spent enough time in a labor camp that their pleas don’t work on me. The only reason I toss them a few coins is to endear myself to the adult Skulls and to get them out of my way quickly.
A few of the older ladies, grandmothers or mothers clad in leather, nod approvingly and I slink past them, headed in the direction of the medical tent. Health first, right? Then protection. I greedily survey the numerous rifles slung over cycle handlebars and shoulders. One of the Skulls, face painted or tattooed with the appropriate skull shape, catches my wistful stare and he places both hands protectively over his rifle.
“You got big eyes girl.” Another member of his small party says, resting the bottle of tequila he was swigging on his upper thigh with just a vague hint of threat.
“I’ve also got pink hair,” I joke, cracking a warm, easy smile. My insides tremble and sweat blooms on my stomach. That’s fine. That’s all fine. I can shake and quake on the inside. The outside is what matters, and I’ll never let them see me sweat.
“What you doing here, chica?” another guy asks.
He’s younger than the rest. Attractive. He’s got a camp tattoo on the left side of his head—barely visible—and half a dozen inked tears drip from the corner of his right eye. They symbolize death—either the death of loved ones or death he has visited upon someone else. His eyes are round and friendly, a bit mischievous. He’s my kind of trouble.
I wish I still had my long blonde locks. My feminine wiles would melt him over to my side much quicker if I could just run a hand through my curls and giggle. I make solid eye contact with him and bat my lashes. That’ll probably work too.
“I’m not lost. I was hoping to make a trade. Are you the guy to talk to?” I ask my new boyfriend, raising my brows hopefully.
He cracks a smile and laughs. The other guys around him laugh too. Some of it is rude, but some of it is also in good humor.
“Hah, no. I’m not the guy. No one here is really the guy. What kind of trade you wanna make?” He asks, gaze roving up and down my body.
I’m bitterly aware these traveling clothes do not present my features in the best light. I wish I had bothered to put on some makeup for this venture. Or brushed my hair. Or washed the dirt off my face. Oh god, what I wouldn’t give for a shower.
“Depends on what you guys are willing to offer,” I say.
More laughter and a few elbows are tossed towards the younger man. He grins bashfully, exposing crooked teeth that are still charming. Maybe even more charming.
“I’ve got something,” he says, with a laugh. “You know it’s dangerous around here for a pretty girl.”
He stands and approaches. I hold my smile steady, but suddenly wish I had taken Rabbit up on his offer of the knife. The taser is in my utility belt pocket and not easily accessible. Not that I think this guy means me any harm. Or could do me any harm.
“I’m a little dangerous too,” I say with a wink. “What’s your name?”
“Angel. You got a name? Or should I just call you Strawberry?” He runs a hand over my pink curls, smiling.
I cast a quick glance over his shoulder at the medical tent and then back to the rifle and the bottle of tequila on his friend’s lap.
“Strawberry is fine. I’m a little thirsty though.” I catch Angel’s hand before he can touch me again. His expression twists a little in irritation but then he nods back to his friend without looking.
“So, what you really want here, Strawberry?” the man with the tequila asks, extending the bottle. Angel grabs it and hands it over. I press it to my lips and ignore the gagging, burning sensation that accompanies the liquor. Tequila is no friend of mine.
“You don’t think I’m here for Angel?” I ask, stepping closer to him. The sexual repression and angst of the last few days smashes up against the alcohol and the ever-present Ecto in my system. Angel has long, thick lashes. A little gap between his front teeth. Stubble on the cleft in his chin.
“I wish you were, Fresa, but I don’t think I have that honor,” he says and I lean up on my tiptoes to press my lips to his. They taste like tequila—warm and salty. Salt. His tongue flashes into my mouth and my brain begins to fire on all cylinders again. I take a step back, hoping he didn’t feel the press of the taser through my utility belt pocket.
Hoots and hollers arise behind Angel and I smile, scratching my lips against his whiskers. He reminds me of a cat somehow, which I don’t like, but I’m not too worried. I’m no mouse. Plus, he smells good. Better than I do. I like that.
“I wish I was here for you too,” I say. He arches a brow and turns back to the group of Skulls patiently waiting and watching.
“She’s cool. We going to let her pass?” Angel asks.
The man with the rifle nods, dropping his hands away from his weapon. I exhale a small internal sigh and make a grab for Angel’s free hand—the other occupied by the tequila bottle.
“Can you take me where I need to go?” I ask, keeping the warm, sensual tones in my voice. I don’t have to feign those.
“Pretty sure I can, Fresa.” He gives another nod to the group, passing off the bottle of alcohol. He squeezes my hand, taking the lead as we press into the crowd.
“So, what you need?” he asks, once we’re a good distance away from his friends.
“I need medicine,” I say, voice low. “My sister is sick.”
“We’re all sick.”
“She’s sicker. I think she’s dying.”
I want him to think that a life hangs in the balance. I want him to think Rabbit is female because it presents less of a threat. The less reality I offer him, the better.
“Medicine is expensive.” Angel casts a glance back at me, and I see the devious undertones working in his features. He might find me appealing, but he seems to be a business man first and foremost. I can appreciate that. Just not right now.
“This is worth it. She’s worth it.” Is Rabbit worth it? I need him. I can’t do this alone. Fine, he’s worth it.
“What do you have that you’ll be able to trade for medicine?” he asks, looking me up and down again.
“You’ll have to wait and see.” I smile at him patiently, unruffled. I might’ve misjudged him. It seemed like he might be easier and more pliable away from his companions. But maybe he’s worse. The cat and mouse scenario.
“OK.” He grins with his crooked teeth like a Halloween pumpkin. “I like surprises.”
We side-step past over-turned cycles and skirt entirely around a fisticuffs between two burly women which threatens to spill into an all-out brawl. Another gaggle of children approach, palms open, and Angel shoos them away with a wave of his arm. I toss my remaining coins after them and they flock to the silver like a pack of pigeons. Angel rubs a thumb over the top of my fingers, contemplating this action with the calculation of the streets.
“You from here?” he asks.
I wish I could trust him with that information. I wish he was back in Portland or…that I wasn’t on this stupid life or death mission. Being around a hot guy not hung up on a dead girl (even if it is my best friend) is stirring up all these emotions I’d rather not deal with. Things that are going to get in the way of my business here. I wish I could drop some Ecto and fade away into the night with Angel but the nagging Len voice in the back of my head won’t let me.
“No. I’m from Mississippi.”
“That’s a long ways away.” He hops over the outstretched, snoring form of a rail thin biker with a handlebar mustache.
“I know. I’m trying to get back there.” I just have to stop by Mexico City first to deliver a vial of my dead best friend’s blood to Contra terrorists. No big deal.
“We’re here.”
We stop at the mouth of the medical tent. Angel turns fully to me. I tilt my face up to his and breathe in his delicious manly scent. He smells clean and vital and alive. I want to wrap my arms around him and lean my head against his chest, but I suppress the urge.
“You don’t belong here, Fresa. Hurry up and get your business done.” He leans up against the tent wall and crosses his arms, vexed.
“Wait for me?” I ask, grabbing for his hand again. “I’ve got something you might like.”
There’s a bottle of Ecto tucked in my belt. If I can get Rabbit something he needs, shouldn’t I be able to get something I want? I tie a gag around the nagging Len voice for good measure. She’s not the only one who gets to make stupid mistakes.
“Yeah, I’ll wait,” Angel says. I give his hand a squeeze and disappear inside the tent.
It’s nothing more than a tarp propped up by an easily collapsible four post frame. There’s a gurney doubling as a hospital bed on one side of the room and a plastic rolling cart full of medical supplies on the other. A muscled woman in her early fifties sits with her back to the tent opening, swishing medical tools in a fluid that fills the surrounding air with the stink of pure rubbing alcohol. My eyes water as I tap her on the shoulder.
She jumps and the solution sloshes up out of the container. She spins without grace, her brows narrowing to beady daggers.
“What the fuck?” she demands, wielding a scalpel in one curled, knotty fist.
“Whoa, hold up.” I raise my hands defensively in the air, backing up three quick steps.
“Who the fuck are you?” she asks, squinting until I can’t even be sure she sees me.
“A friend. A friend of Angel. I just need medicine.” I gesture back towards the front of the tent with my head, my hands still high in the air.
“There ain’t no freebies here, Pinkie. Medicine costs money. You don’t look like you have any.” She must be able to see something through the slits of her eyes, but I am perplexed at how that’s even possible. And I’m a little insulted.
“You’re right. I don’t have any money. But I have something else.”
“Put it there, on the tray.” She points to a metal rolling cart near the plastic drawers.
A bunch of empty vials and decanters sit on it. I push them out of the way and plop down two baggies of Salt. I’m definitely low-balling her after she pulled a scalpel on me. From the corner of my vision, I see Angel peeking in through the tarp opening. I give him a wink across the distance, and he smiles, retreating back into the darkness outside.
“Twenty-four ounces of Salt? That’s not gonna get you shit.” She wheels around to the medical instruments, turning her back to me.
I sigh heavily and fish another baggy out of my pocket, setting it on the tray. I clear my throat loudly. She casts a glance back over her shoulder and snorts but doesn’t turn around.
“What?”
“I need an NV inoculation. Do you have anything like that?”
“I have something like that. But it’s worth more than you’ve got.” She plucks a large pair of tweezers out of the fluid and dries it with a ragged, bleached white towel.
“How do you know what I’ve got?” I ask evenly. I’m willing to play her game, but the weight of the Ecto and Angel’s patience are dragging on this conversation. I want her to speed up. I want time to slow down. I want to turn my brain off.
“More.” She plucks another item out of the water, dries it, and tosses it in a glass decanter with unnerving precision.
“Fine.” I dig the last baggy out of my pocket and set it on the tray. That’s forty-eight ounces of Salt. That’s nearly a third of my stash.
“That’s everything you have?”
“Please. My sister is dying in the dark and I need to help her.” My mind clicks over to Len, bleeding out in the grass and I grip a hand on the tray to keep the world from swinging away.
The medic drops her tool and spins around again.
“If she’s dying, she’s already dead. This isn’t going to help.” She extracts a pouch from around her neck and pulls an NV inoculation vial from it. She holds the vial up, twisting it in the light. “But why don’t you go ahead and try it anyway? If it makes you feel better.”
She tosses the vial casually in the air and I snatch it mid-flight.
“You’d be better off letting her die and keeping the Salt.” The woman turns back around again.
“Thanks.” I purse my lips and slip the vial in my utility belt with a sigh.
“Nice bracelet,” the woman says, picking up another tool. “We don’t see too many refugees from Prothero’s army around here. Alive.”
“I’m not from Prothero’s army,” I say, sickness whirling in my gut. The NV inoculation clinks against the vial of Ecto and I want to down my drugs so badly, but I can’t seem to will my feet to move.
“OK Pinkie. Does Angel know that?” Her voice raises an octave and he stirs near the front of the tent.
“Does Angel know what?” he asks, poking his head inside. A strange surge of relief passes over me when I see the lusty glimmer in his gaze. I just want to stop feeling bad for a minute. I just want to get out of this fucking tent.
“Do you know what’s in store for you now?” I ask, moving towards him, rolling the band far back into the sleeve of my shirt.
“I’ve got an idea,” he says, holding out a hand for me.
I’m looking at Angel’s extended fingers when a blinding white light explodes behind him. It’s a flash bang and I hit the deck—gritting my teeth and closing my burning eyes against the inevitable bang.
The bang is loud and thuds against my chest like a boot. Chaos erupts. The horrifying pained screams and dying moans of men, women, and children fill the air. Dogs barking. The shrill whine of drones overhead and the chop of helo blades cuts up the sounds of carnage into small snippets of terror. The scent of sulfur and campfire stings my nose.
I reach out for Angel in the dark but his hand is gone. He’s gone. I click my band on through my shirt and then pull it out of the fabric. The inside of the room illuminates.
The old lady is on the ground. Her eyes are dark, fearful spots reflected in the light.
“Prothero,” she hisses.
A decanter whizzes past my head so closely, it’s breeze strokes my cheek. The decanter breaks against the hard ground next to me and it’s all the motivation I need to move. I run—aiming straight for one of the tent poles—and dive again. I wrestle the pole to the ground with me and enjoy the satisfaction of the tarp landing atop my body. The medical tent is down. Inside the old lady curses and rolls, shrieking profanities at the top of her lungs. I crawl out from underneath the tarp and position myself in a crouch—getting a bearing on these new, war-like surroundings.
People run everywhere. The drones make quick work of the circled gathering of Skulls, slicing through their bodies with plasma ammunition. Angel is nowhere in sight. I click the band off and curse myself for not grabbing the pair of night vision goggles Rabbit had in his pack. I thought this would be a quick, uneventful trip.
The path back to Rabbit is a thousand yards away, directly through the chaos of the camp. The drones and helos thump and whine in the air above us. Their flashing red and blue lights and the shifting spotlight illuminate the night in roving swatches, but all the rest of the area is so thick and dark, it’s oppressive. The Skulls—aside from the children who’ve scattered from the epicenter with the survival instinct of rats—have regrouped and are beginning to use the weapons I was earlier coveting. They’re using their beautiful, powerful and most importantly, unregistered weapons.
We could use a rifle.
I drop to all fours and army crawl across the tent, under which the old woman is still struggling. The immediate area is a wasteland of cycles. I approach the first, rising up to a crouch again, trying to keep my body hidden as much as possible, ripping open the hemp saddlebags and digging around inside.
I come up with a handgun, a compact semi-automatic Smith and Wesson .45. It has six shots per magazine. Three magazines bump around inside the bag—maybe more—but I don’t have time to look. It’s enough. It’s enough to get me through this scrape.
I peer up and over the cycle, the spotlights tearing through the crowd, blinding me. Boots crunch through patches of gravel and the unmistakable silhouette of uniforms move off in the distance. Prothero soldiers are on the ground, and more rappel down from the helo above. It’s not needed, they could decimate this entire group of Skulls with just the drones. They only bring soldiers in for an extraction. To extract a specific person. Or two specific persons.
They’ve found us.
Fuck. All this carnage and death is on us. This is our fault.
I turn, pressing my back up against the seat of the cycle. I click the safety off the gun with shaky fingers. I’ve been in physical confrontations in the labor camp. I’ve trained in the SIMs. I shot Fuller in the head during a particularly fraught moment. But I’ve never intentionally killed anyone before. I’ve never been in real combat. I’ve never held a handgun with actual bullets. Plasma ammunition doesn’t count.
Gunfire bursts off to my right. I whip around, peering over the seat again, gun poised. Three soldiers advance on a group of Skulls clustered near what looks to be an outdoor grill. Both groups shout at one another. One of the Skulls tosses a bottle of brown murky liquid at them and the soldiers open fire, mowing them down. My body goes limp—my grip on the pistol loosening—my resolve weakening. I don’t want to face the soldiers. I don’t want to die tonight. Not like this. I push away from the seat and crawl south, into the trees.
I wish I could be invisible, like Len. I wish she’d given me some of her cool powers before she died. She was supposed to be here. She was supposed to stop something like this from happening.
The screaming has mostly died away now. It’s just the occasional snipe and rattle of gunfire exchange and the smell of roasting meat and hot smoke and dying people. Human death stink. I’ve never smelt it like this before. A helo blasts a fresh wave of it towards me and I gag. The ground beneath me becomes weird and spongy. I look down and realize I’m crawling over the corpse of a small child. A full body shudder wracks through me. Tears roll down my cheeks and I stop. I stop moving and curl into a fetal ball. My body shakes and shakes.
The corpse is a little dark-haired girl with brown skin and a ponytail and a dress with sunflowers. The back of her skull is blown open and even though I don’t want to look at her face—I do—and it’s nothing I can describe. It’s just a red blur where an innocent face used to be. A girl who loved sunflowers. I crawl back over to her and grab her arm. She’s heavier than I expected. Heavy with the loss of life. I drag her out of the line of fire. I drag her along with me because it’s the only way I can escape. She’s coming with me.
We are close to the edge of the woods and it’s just another four hundred feet when I see the flashes of lights angling through the trees directly in front of me. I drop the sunflower girl’s hand. I move into a crouch and then I’m on my feet and running.
I hit the tree line and head towards the embankment that dumps down into the grassy meadow that meets up with the path that leads back to camp. I click on the band and set the GPS marker for Rabbit’s band coordinates—like we’ve practiced. The map disappears and a grid rolls up in its stead, with a lovely female voice whispering to me in the dark: “Keep on your current trajectory.” My heart thumps so loudly in my chest, I can barely hear what she says. Sweat stings my eyes and I hold up a hand to brush it off and it’s covered in blood. Am I bleeding?
I stop running and check my body with frantic pats, but there’s no wound. It’s not my blood. It’s not my blood. It’s the sunflower girl’s blood. I start running again but I’m not really paying attention to where I’m going because I can’t stop thinking about the girl’s face that wasn’t a face and then I trip over a root on the downward slope towards the meadow.
The soil underneath my feet—loosened from the spring rains—gives. It sends me sliding down the hill. I slam into stickery bushes, slipping through the grasping fingers of ferns, and hit another tree root which twists my sliding body into a roll. The world spins and flips in a dizzying array of colors and lights. I reach out to grab onto something, anything to stop the momentum but my hands come up with empty leaves and snapping roots.
I end this tumble with an ungainly roll into the bushes and tree limbs littering the base of the hill. I lay there face up, panting and trembling. There are no stars in the sky above. I can only see the tangled limbs of trees. And then, slowly—like in a dream—I raise an arm and blink up at my blood and dirt stained hand with the band encircling my wrist. A tiny red blinking beacon shows me Rabbit’s location. He’s still there, at the camp. I tilt my head at a tear in the fabric of my henley under which my skin is scraped and bleeding. I’m bleeding my own blood now. So, that’s good, I guess.
I push myself up into a sitting position—brushing absently at the leaves embedded in my hair. I’m a mess. The only thing I’m hoping is that the noise of my crashing around hasn’t alerted the soldiers. I dust myself off as much as possible and step out onto the paved path, my head swirling. I press the heels of both hands to my temple and squeeze. Squeeze my eyes shut, force my ears closed, wrinkle my nose and mouth into a ball of concentrated fury. I want to scream but no noise leaves my dry, angry throat. I want to cry but no tears come.
It’s not the time for tears. Tears can come later. For now, I need to find Rabbit.
I drop my hands away and open my eyes. The red beacon blinks. The guns fire behind me, up the hill. The soldier’s lights swing through the dark in the trees to my right. The gun in my utility belt is not lost, but the extra clips are gone. I retrieve the gun and put one shaky foot in front of the other. This is it. This might be my last night on earth. I’m going to make it count.
My vision adjusts—finally—to the steady dark of the woods now that I’ve moved beyond the flashing lights of the invaded Skulls camp. I follow the crumbling pavement past what were once rose beds and a building where they housed the tools and supplies to care for the park. The decomposing shell of a hovercar roosts under the crumbling roof of the building. A small cluster of bats swoop in through a gaping window and another shudder rolls over me. Bats have been rumored to carry different strains of NV.
I spin around at the sound of a snapping twig—the light from the band clicking on. I don’t see anything, but I hear a low rustle in the grass and what sound like human footfalls in the forest close by. Goosebumps rise all over my skin. I shouldn’t have turned the light on and given away my position. I can’t afford to make rookie mistakes out here in the real world. This isn’t a SIM. This is for keeps.
I snap the band off and wait for my sight to adjust to the darkness again, listening for more sounds of movement. There is nothing. And then, the unmistakable sound of a dog barking, the whip of a tail and four legs through the grass behind me. Fuck me. The dogs. It’s always the damn dogs.
I thrash my way down to the creek. It’s too shallow for me to swim in, but it will work in a pinch. Moving through the water is difficult with heavy, waterlogged boots but the dogs kicked off a fresh wave of adrenaline and I make steady progress.
I’m ducking between two large rocks when yet another helo roars overhead from the direction of the Skulls camp, stopping several thousand feet ahead to hover over the area where I’m headed. The sound of bullets snapping into the ground and ripping through the tent material fills my veins with ice water. There’s not enough open land for the helo to drop, so it veers off and heads my way again. Thermal scanners. I need to disrupt their thermal scanners.
I glance around frantically and notice a pool of water close by, and near the bank, a muddy alcove. I take a deep breath and plunge in, immersing myself in the icy waters until my lungs burn. When I resurface, it’s time to take the world’s smelliest mud bath. With a soft groan of disgust, I grab two handfuls of frothy dirt and rub them on my neck. A worm squishes out between two of my fingers. Another deep breath and I’ve applied the mud thickly to my face—covering my cheeks, forehead, nose, eyelids, and hands. Any part of my bare skin.
I don’t know if this will work. I don’t know if any of this will work. But I have to try. I can’t abandon Rabbit to his fate with Prothero. And besides, he has Len’s blood vial. He has Toto and all the money. I need those things. I guess I kinda need him.
Another five minutes and I’m back in familiar territory. The marker on the campsite is exploding with light and I silence the band. The vague outline of the tent appears, tattered and billowing in the wind from its recent run-in with a Prothero heavy weapon. If Rabbit is in there, he’s probably not alive.
I form a cup shape with my fingers and blow into the slight gap between my thumbs to make the whistling loon call they taught us to use in Academy basic. We were instructed to use this sound to locate friendlies in enemy territory if we were separated during battle. My hands are shaking with the chill of the night and the adrenaline, but I manage to send off three good whistles.
They are met with dead silence from the tent and the surrounding camp. A frantic pulse surges through me. The green lights of night vision goggles and the neon blue glow of illuminated bands sweep and jump down the trail behind me. Feet rustle through the grass. Dogs pant. My own fear and sweat burn against my nose. I count to ten and hope to God I’m doing the right thing.
I break from the cover into the camp, crouching low in the grass and crawling on all fours. The scratchy grass whips against my cheeks and I dig my fingernails down into the dirt to propel myself forward. Once I’m several yards away from the creek I poke my head up to glance around. Lights bounce southeast of my position, but no one has veered off towards me. I’m only a few feet away from the destroyed tent.
I close the distance and rattle the material, hoping to alert Rabbit to my presence. I just want to hear his voice—calm, irritated, reassuring, whatever. The near-quiet disturbs my brain. I unzip the flap and peer in, boosting the light from the band and confirming my hope.
Rabbit is nowhere to be found.
The grating chop of a helo bursts into the night sky overhead. I jump completely into the tent and hold my breath. I crouch low pulling the bullet-riddled sleeping bag over my head. A searchlight pours and spins through the camp—illuminating my position. My muscles tense to the point of cramping while I wait for them to open fire, to obliterate the tent and my body. The lights swirl away, and the machines move off. The sound of electric engines grows dimmer as they pass.
I groan with relief and listen for sounds of footfalls or voices. The pack is here, adorned with a few bullet holes, sitting near the head of the sleeping bag like usual. So, he didn’t ditch me, just escaped from the camp. I slip the pack over my shoulders and scramble back into the chaotic evening. I head east towards Ashland Creek.
“Rabbit!” I stumble into a pile of ferns, grabbing onto a tree for better purchase.
More silence—the frogs and crickets have all stopped their hollerings. I swipe at my sweaty brow, my hand shaking, and call out for Rabbit again. It’s a stupid move. I should use the loon call but who cares about procedure right now.
“Scarlett,” a barely audible voice calls from the woods beyond the camp.
My heart dumps into my chest and I take off running in his general direction. I barrel across the grass and stumble over branches and crash through bushes—calling out to him. He responds again, and it’s closer this time. But I still don’t see him.
I’m cursing angrily as the five hundredth branch cuts across my cheek—leaving a bloody track mark in its wake—when I realize his voice isn’t coming from ahead of me or behind me. It’s coming from above me. I glance up. Rabbit is not tucked away in the trees, he’s sitting on one. A short burst of static electricity from a tangle of branches above gives away his position.
“Rabbit!”
“Hey Buford.”
My heart leaps in my chest and I click the band on, angling it up into the trees. Rabbit’s lanky form drapes over a branch about ten feet above my head. He is literally draped, like a pile of wet sheets. His face is pale, and bags hang under his eyes. I find a lower branch on the tree that looks reasonable enough to climb and heave myself up onto it.
I make it to the branch Rabbit dangles from, ripping the left knee of my legging and earning another bloody cut in the process. I clamp down on the urge to cry out. The scent up here is piney and refreshing with just a hint of sap and I throttle the weird urge to roll around in the stink like a dog on a carcass. Rabbit shifts over—giving me room to board the branch—then stares at me from the opposite end of his roost like an angry crow.
“You scared the crap out of me. I thought you were dead!” I punch him in the arm. My balance teeters and I grab for the tree trunk, regaining my purchase. It’s tenuous up here and I don’t like it. I don’t like heights.
“There were explosions and helos so I ran. It seemed like the smart move, to escape the camp. But then I got lost,” he says, confusion falling over him.
“Are you OK?” I set a hand on his forearm.
“I don’t know. I don’t think so. I wanted to sleep, you know? I uh—I turned off the EMP so I could sleep. But then the explosions started, and you were gone so I ran. Then I couldn’t find the way back to camp. So, I found this tree and climbed it and then I just…sat down,” he murmurs, looking over at me with glassy eyes.
“Those explosions happened at a Skulls camp just south of us. They killed everyone there. They’re looking for us, Rabbit. Prothero is here looking for us.”
He nods slowly. I want to shake him—to slap him—but his helpless expression holds me at bay. He’s not in his right mind. Then again, neither am I.
“You didn’t take any drugs, did you?” I ask, hoping for an easy explanation for his current state.
“No. Why would I do that?”
“Well you’re going to. We need to move fast and you’re in no condition to do that. You’re going to take some Flash.” I shrug out of the pack and unzip it. I shuffle the contents around—including the rations and the tin—until Toto bobs to the surface. I shove my hand into his innards and dig around in his tail, pulling out the two Flash pills.
“One for you,” I say, holding it up.
“I’m not taking that.” He shakes his head.
“You don’t have a choice.”
“You going to force feed me?”
“Something like that.”
Lucky for me he’s a bit dazed and confused, because in any other situation, he would probably take me down before I had the chance. His fevered, weakened state is to my advantage. I leap at him, knocking us both off balance. We tumble to the ground, wrestling in the air.
When we hit, the wind whooshes out of us—but I recover faster. I climb on his chest, pinning his arms to the ground with my knees, putting my full weight on his upper torso. He doesn’t bother squirming. He just looks up at me with angry, glazed eyes—his mouth clamped shut and his jaw tight.
“Come on, Sugar, just take your medicine like a good boy.”
His brows furrow deeper.
“Fine,” I snap, kneeing him in the junk. He gasps and I pop the pill past his lips—clasping my hand over his mouth and nose. He rolls to his side, curling in a fetal position. I tumble off into the grass, still keeping my grip.
“You have to swallow some time. Otherwise it’s going to dissolve in there. Either way, you need this.”
He shakes his head, the stubble from his cheeks rubbing against my palms. Heat from his skin radiates all over my fingertips. He’s burning up with fever. It must be some kind of blood poisoning from his head wound or the NV in his system taking over.
After a full minute of him weakly struggling, his head thrashing, he gives up. I release my grip on him and roll over onto my back—panting and searching the surrounding trees for signs of Prothero soldiers. I can’t hear them or see them yet, but I know they’re out there. I know they’re coming for us. Fast. We need to be fast.
“Drugs aren’t always going to be the answer,” Rabbit says with no particular inflection to his voice, his lids dropping open. His pupils are already dilated to the size of saucers. Lucky for us, this stuff works fast.
“Sure they are.” I climb to my feet. “And anyway, you’re going to thank me later. Especially for this.” I reach into the pocket of my utility belt where I stashed the NV inoculation and my fingers bump into spilled liquid and shards of glass which scrape against my skin.
“No.” I pull my hand out, my heart pirouetting, a numbing cold spreading over me. “No, no, no.”
“What? What’s wrong?”
“I got something for you. An NV inoculation from the Skulls. But it broke. It’s broken,” I whisper, tears and hysteria looming in my words.
“Oh. Damn. Scar, I’m sorry.”
“No, I’m sorry. Whatever. It doesn’t matter right now. Let’s get moving.” I clip the pouch closed and my hand bumps against the pistol. “At least I managed to score this.”
“Good. That’s good. How many bullets? Any extra ammo?” He moves to pull the pack from my shoulders, and I let him, stewing in the defeat of the broken vial.
“Six bullets. No extra ammo. Not unless you want to head back to the Skulls camp.” My lame attempt at sarcasm twists into a tear in my heart when I remember my last image of the camp. The sunflower girl. I want to turn my brain off. “I need to turn my brain off.”
“You can’t do that right now,” Rabbit says, dropping the night vision goggles into his lap.
I didn’t mean to say that out loud. I can’t tell if he realizes that. If he knows I’m cracking up a bit. What a great team we make. His creeping illness. My mental instability. Against all the firepower and tech Prothero can throw at us. A solid losing proposition.
“I don’t think we should head that way. How many drones did you see? How many helos? Soldiers?”
“Handful of drones. They didn’t need many to take out the biker camp. The Skulls were… unprepared.” I swallow a sob. “One helo, I think. Just one. Probably the one doing the fly-by earlier today. It’s a lone pack following us, not the whole cavalry. And soldiers—I don’t know how many. More than a dozen maybe. With gear—better gear than we have. Plasma rifles and dogs. They’ve got dogs.”
Rabbit squints off into the distance, chewing on a thumbnail, deep in thought. He looks about ten times sharper than he did when I first found him slothing in the tree five minutes ago. This is the Rabbit I need.
“Where are we going to go?” I ask.
“Let’s say twenty soldiers, divided between the two camps. Twenty is the max they can squeeze into the helos with all the drones and dogs. Let’s guess ten up on the ridge. Ten down here near our tent. They’ve got us within a five mile radius because I fucked up with the EMP. They’ll fan out. The drones will run vertical tracks with the thermal scanners. The helo will land and wait to transport. They’re not here to simply eliminate—a bunker bomb would’ve done that work. They’re here to extract.” He looks to me for confirmation.
I nod. “That’s what I think. But, at the camp, they shredded the tent.”
“Nobody was in it.” Rabbit points out. “Their thermal scanners would have given them the data. It was a message, I think. Or somebody just fucking around.”
“They could’ve lit me up earlier,” I say. “They want us alive.”
It’s his turn to nod.
“They’ll cover the train station. That’s not a viable option,” he says.
“We’re so screwed.” I shake my head and close my eyes again. Open them. I can’t stop thinking about the girl with no face. The more I see the pattern of her dress and the gore splattered on the gravel, the more I start to unravel.
But at the same time, I don’t really see it. Not directly. Everything is slightly out of focus and I only see it out of the corner of my vision.
“Maybe not,” Rabbit says, a smirk pulling both corners of his lips into an evil grimace that might actually be a grin. I can’t tell.
“I don’t like that. I don’t like that expression.” I poke a finger towards him. He bats it away with a sweep of his arm.
“The helo landed,” he says.
“So. So what,” I prompt, understanding creeping into my gut. But I don’t want it to be true. I don’t want his plan to be the plan he’s going to say.
“I can fly it.” He rises to his feet, looping the NVGs around his neck at the same time. “But we’ve got to find it first. You have a gun. Can I at least have the taser?” He holds out a hand expectantly.
“Sure.” I retrieve it from my belt and push the taser into his open palm.
He stuffs it in the bag and then unhinges the EMP device from his wrist with a look of insane satisfaction, like he just took a bite of the best hamburger in the world and he’s letting the flavors melt on his tongue. He pockets the EMP and rubs at the tender wrist, smiling in that eerie way which means he’s up to no good.
“I want to go on record saying I think this is a terrible plan.” I pull the pistol from my belt and adjust my sight down the barrel.
“Duly noted. I can track the helo.” He drops the pack down from his shoulders and digs around, fishing out the second band—the military frequency he’s been using to distort the signal.
He slips it over his hand, wincing as his palm folds nearly in half to accommodate the smaller wrist size. He presses the bands together, retrieving the EMP device from his pocket. He clips it over the new band, and pulls out a pin from the EMP, tucking it between his lips and holding it there. A schematic rolls out of his original band, glowing an eerie purple in the deep darkness of the night. He hisses and nudges me over to stand in front of it and block the light. I watch—fascinated—as he spins the schematic, twisting it in different angles. The code on the read out is completely foreign to me.
My specialty is people. My skills are psychological. My abilities are language and weapons and hand-to-hand combat. Rabbit and Eleni live in a whole different world. At least Len did, when she was alive.
“You might as well be doing magic,” I say, watching him scowl and mutter over the projections.
“Sometimes I do feel like a wizard,” he admits, words muffled a bit around the piece of EMP clamped in his teeth.
He taps a sequence of buttons on the haptic keyboard and a grid projection flashes in the air with a pulsing red beacon displayed in one of the quadrants like what he programmed into my band to track the campsite location.
“Presto alakazam motherfuckers,” Rabbit whispers.
“You really missed being able to fiddle with tech huh?”
“I really, really have.”
“You’re kinda scary. Just a little bit.”
“Let’s move,” he says, that eerie smile freezing on his lips as he pushes ahead. I don’t even notice him limping on the twisted ankle anymore.
Rabbit’s behavior might be disconcerting, but I’m guessing that’s the Flash roaring through his veins. I’ve only taken it once and I didn’t sleep for three whole days. I probably did at some point, but I honestly can’t remember much. It was a mad blur. I contemplate the second pill tucked up inside Toto’s tail. It would be nice not to remember any of this. Although I don’t think it will be that easy to shake the image of Sunflower girl out of my brain. That will be a lasting impression.
“You think I should take the other Flash pill?” I ask, double stepping to keep up with Rabbit’s long legs and rapid pace.
He turns his head to me, still wearing that distressing grin. “You’re going to need it to keep up.” Without missing a beat in his stride, he removes the pack, unzips it, finds Toto and tosses him back towards me.
“Welcome to Oz, Dorothy,” he cackles, and the bright sound of his laughter sends shivers rumbling up and down my spine. He pushes the NVGs up over his head now and the mad scientist figure he cuts is more eerie than comical.
He doesn’t wait for me to snatch the pill from Toto, but I do anyway. I pop it in my mouth and dry swallow it—the pill scratching and bulging down my throat. I gag a little before my esophagus fully releases it. Rabbit is so far ahead of me now, I barely see him.
“Hold up!” I call out with as much volume as I dare to muster in these woods crawling with Prothero soldiers. “I don’t have your fancy equipment.”
I flat-out run to keep up with him in the dark, but he slows a smidge as he hears the scramble of my approach. I’m not stealthy at all with such limited vision.
“You ever had Flash before?” I ask, extracting my foot from a tangle of ferns and falling a pace behind Rabbit.
“I’ve tried a little of everything,” he says, leaping over a large, moss covered log he could have easily side-stepped. Show off.
“Really?” I skirt the same stump.
“She didn’t tell you?” Rabbit stops moving and spins to me, his goggles flashing a ghostly pale green light.
“Len? No. She told me nothing about you. So, what? Were you a junkie?” I catch up to him and he starts moving again—slower this time—I guess mentioning Len jogged his brain in a less crazy direction.
“No. I was a dealer. Like you.” He gestures a thumb over his shoulder towards me, at the same time lifting a branch up and out of my path.
“You sold Flash?”
“Flash, Ecto, Salt, everything. I tried and sold a little bit of everything.” He turns slightly, flashing me a loopy grin. “I was good at it too.”
“Really? That is actually hard for me to believe.” I crinkle my brow at him.
He shrugs and keeps moving through the trees. I follow on his heels, taking nearly two steps for every one of his. Our pace is faster now, and my senses explode—all the lights brighten, the noises of the night bumping in volume, the smells rolling past like thick clouds. Smoke and burning. I don’t want to smell that. I gag with the recollection of the sticky blood dotting Sunflower’s dress. It’s worse with the Flash, it’s like the fabric is brushing up against my fingers again and I can hear the screams and cries of the Skulls as the drones opened fire on them. I didn’t do anything. I didn’t do anything to help them.
“Hold up.” Rabbit stops, holding his hand up in a field signal. He drops to a squat so I follow his lead because he’s got the NVGs.
“Over there,” he whispers. “Ten o’ clock. One click away. Two soldiers with a dog.”
“I’m starting to hate dogs,” I mutter. Rabbit nods in affirmation.
“We can skirt them, or we can engage.” Rabbit gestures towards the soldiers. “We only have six bullets. I plan to turn the taser into an explosive. I would prefer to save our ammo for taking over the helo.”
I sigh. “Let’s skirt them.”
Rabbit nods and we divert course, heading off to the right in the direction of the camp, making a wide looping arch. We pass over Ashland Creek again. I loathe the strong scent of urine and desperation clinging to the water. I poke Rabbit and motion for him to cover himself in mud. His lip curls in contemplation and then he heaves a resigned sigh, flopping his long body into the water and patting down his clothes.
“It stinks.” Is the only comment he offers.
We decide to follow the creek trail south to the helo position. It’s landed in the clearing at the base of the slope where the Skulls were camped, near the tool shed I spotted on the way back to our tent. It’s not the best tactical position for the helo, actually. It would make sense to secure a higher vantage point, but it’s likely a position based on convenience. Which means they’ve determined we are not with the Skulls. They know we’re down here in the woods.
The water isn’t nearly as frigid as the Columbia River. It isn’t even as cold or bothersome as it was twenty minutes ago when I slogged through it alone. The Flash is doing its job. Rabbit grabs me and we duck low, submerging ourselves up to our necks. The pack is supposed to be waterproof, but at this point I hardly care.
Two soldiers walk the barely paved path alongside the creek, trailing behind a german shepherd. They wear the same NVGs on Rabbit’s head and they must also be equipped with thermal scanners. We dunk our heads below the surface of the muddy water and it seems like ten minutes pass before Rabbit tugs my arm. I bob pack up to fresh air and try not to gulp the oxygen too loudly. I hear the click of dog nails and shuffle of boots echoing off to our right and behind us.
“Close call,” I murmur.
“We’re almost there,” Rabbit says. The red beacon pulses and shimmers out of his band—reflecting against the water and casting us with an eerie glow.
We slosh another thousand yards and the clearing opens before us. We survey it from our vantage point in the water. The helo pilot is in the cockpit, three soldiers stand guard with one at each end, and another in the middle of the aircraft. Possibly a fourth unseen soldier on the opposite side of the helo, scanning the wooded area with her plasma rifle slung up on her shoulder.
Rabbit retrieves the taser and kinetic tools from his pack. He opens the metal compartment, snips yellow, green, and red plastic coated wires, twisting them back together in a new colorful formation. He closes up the taser, satisfied with his work.
“You’re going to shoot this.” He brandishes the newly modified taser. “Toss it and shoot it. There’s enough juice and battery acid in here to deal damage to the middle soldier. Hopefully take him out completely.”
I interrupt. “Once we get moving, there’s no more room for stealth. Am I taking all five guys out alone?”
“The pilot won’t leave the craft. Training dictates he protect the helo at all costs. Take out the center soldier, then the other two come running or take shots at you from their locations. I’ll go around the opposite side, on the other end of the tool shed and through those woods to take out anyone there. I’ll board the craft and dispatch the pilot.”
“You’ve got three minutes to get into position. Don’t fuck this up, Rabbit. We got one shot. It’s not like the SIMs.”
He bobs his head, slipping the pack around his stooped shoulders and moving off down the creek towards the overgrown foliage and trees behind the tool shed.
I pick up the taser bomb and give it an exploratory toss. It’s not heavy, but it’s not light either. And I’m not exactly known for my strong throwing arm. I mean, I always wanted to play softball in secondary, but my parents couldn’t afford it. They shelled out the money for lifeguard and CPR/First Aid classes instead because I could get a job after school and help pay the bills. It was an investment.
I squint ahead to the clearing and try to gauge the distance between me and the middle soldier. It’s too far. I’ll have to move out of the forest line in order to reach him. I can’t afford that. I need cover or they’ll fill me full of holes like a fancy cheese. I glance up and into the trees. I don’t want to go that route either. I don’t like heights and there’s no easy escape from that high off the ground. Climbing or jumping. Every precious moment counts when plasma bullets are firing in your direction.
Even if it doesn’t reach the guard and cause injury, it’s still going to distract them. I need to be precise with my bullets. Three soldiers. Six shots. And one of them intended for the taser itself. I bend down and untie the lace of my right boot with shaking fingers. It takes a full minute to get the string out of the loops because my fingers are freezing cold and it’s hard to see exactly what I’m doing. I depress the taser trigger and wrap the bootlace around it. The electricity jumps and crackles so I hold it stiffly out in front of me. Ninty more seconds.
I pull out the pistol and peer down the barrel again. I’m not well versed in pistols. Rifles, yes. Pistols were always indicated as a weapon of last resort to be used only if the tasers, EMP, handheld LRAD, and ADS units all failed. Which is also true in this scenario.
The path to my right lights up with the glowing bands of approaching soldiers and a dog. The air around me fills with low murmurs and panting. This is going to change things. Even if I get off enough shots to kill the soldiers in the clearing, I would expose myself on the right, making myself vulnerable to this other group.
I have to improvise.
I quick crawl to the path and set the lightly buzzing taser onto the ground, covering it with a leafy branch. I scuttle down the slope to the creek, ducking into the bushes there, watching the pulse of the green NVGs as they approach.
The dog catches my scent first. It’s lightly wagging tail stiffens and it’s whole body goes taut. I suck in a deep breath and aim the pistol low at the animal’s body, tuning out the voice in my head that fondly recalls Bilbo, the boston terrier that was our family pet until the labor camps took him away. Took everything away. I scrunch my eyes closed, clearing my head, and then open them wide. The dog’s head is down and he’s sniffing the ground greedily, barreling towards where I crouch. Shooting is about breathing and keeping your eyes open. Holding your shaking hands steady. I don’t want to kill this dog. I just want to stop it.
I squeeze the trigger and fire off a round. It hits the charging german shepherd in the front left paw, tilting him forward with a yelp of pain, rolling him off the path and down into the creek. The soldiers stop in their tracks, aiming their rifles towards the bushes where I was.
I’m on the path now.
I remove the cover from the buzzing taser and kick it towards them. It spins across the ground with a scraping metal clatter and they unleash a storm of plasma bullets at it. I use their distraction to open fire, aiming right at their eerie green goggles. They’ll be wearing flak vests and helmets, but their faces will be vulnerable. Their eyes. A weakness of the SIM uniform they always warned us about. There’s only so much protection for your face.
The first soldier topples, the green snuffing out with a gurgling cry. While the second reacts, I aim at her exposed bicep. No armor and if I take out her dominant arm, she can’t fire. I unleash two quick rounds with the pistol. She gets off one wild shot that buzzes my cheek, whizzing past my ear. My ears ring from the sudden jolts of noise in the quiet dark and my vision momentarily blurs from the flurries of light.
I drop to my knees and roll down off the path towards the creek, keeping a firm grip on my weapon and using my arms to cushion and direct my movements. The soldier—with a grunting shout—shifts the rifle into her other hand and shoots after me. I scramble through the brush, heading towards her—aiming the pistol again.
My finger twitches, the gun jumps, and I put another hole in her body. Blood blooms in the back of her thigh near her buttock. She cries out and pitches forward again.
I mount the creek slope with a few ungainly strides, my steps loud and echoing in the forest. She fires blindly, so I’m five feet to the right of where her bullets cut through the silence. I kick the back of her head and snatch the rifle out of her trembling hand at the same time. Her NVGs dangle from her neck. She must’ve dropped them off when the firing started.
She’s young. She’s my age. Straight blonde hair wisps out from underneath her helmet and her breath comes out in gasps and mewls of pain. I killed her squadmate. I shot her twice. I just delivered a disorienting blow to her cranium and although I don’t see tears spotting her cheeks I can hear the panic and fear in the noises she makes. I press the barrel of the rifle against her cheek and her eyes open wide, staring straight ahead. Her whole body shudders. I can’t do this. I can’t kill her. Instead, I slam the barrel down across her nose. Her body goes limp and blood pools from her nostrils, dripping down her chin.
I gasp air into my lungs as my chest burns with the terror of combat. I swallow hard and knock the helmet off her head. I retrieve the NVGS from around her neck, slipping them over mine. I jam her helmet on to hear the shouting, excited chatter over her headset. The other soldiers are closing in. I have to move fast.
I scoop up the rifle, tucking it into my belt, my vision glazing over the ruined face of the dead soldier. More death. All my fault. I rip open the belt pouch on the female’s uniform and grab two extra clips.
The rumble of boots signal more approaching soldiers. My fingers clamber down to the inert bodies once more and I find the device I’m looking for. I close my fist around it and jump away, barreling down the path towards the helo and the clearing where more soldiers await. I prop the rifle up and open fire on the middle soldier of the cluster. I aim for her face and this time, I close my eyes so I don’t have to see what happens after. More death. All my fault.
The other two soldiers shoot in my direction. I fire at the closest one, aiming the audio pulse of the hand-held LRAD at the other. That should buy me a few seconds.
I shoot the rifle again.
A bright burst of pain rips my left leg out from underneath me and I hit the ground, splaying my arms out in front of me to absorb the impact. I attempt a roll, but my left leg doesn’t respond to these instructions. The helmet bounces off and I don’t mind the absence of chatter. The soldier closest to me advances, shouting commands that are drowned out by the LRAD that was knocked from my hand and now wails in the dirt three feet away. I’ve been shot. My leg’s been shot.
I try to draw my thoughts together and dilute the pain with mental clarity but it’s impossible. The Flash is merging with the adrenaline and it’s like a runaway hovercar roaring around in my brain, smashing into everything in its path. Lights and soldiers legs flash around me but I can’t lift my head. Something bites painfully into my side and I remember the rifle tucked in my belt. Not dead after all. I force my head to turn and notice through the open door of the helo that the cockpit is still closed up tight.
I can’t fly a helo, but Rabbit can. Even if I don’t make it out of here alive, he still might.
I push myself up off the ground, shaking the daze from my head, anchoring myself up on my right leg. The soldier stands above me, pressing a boot on my back. I grip the rifle butt and rip it off the belt, slamming it into the shins of the soldier. It shouldn’t cause much pain, but it’s enough to unbalance him. He topples backwards and I fire a shot into him as he falls. I aim two more in his general direction and then crawl over to the end of the helo to acquire some cover.
Plasma bullets spray the dirt around me. Another bullet tears into me, my left arm burning like a forest fire. An animal howl rips from my throat and I drop to my right side up against the ass end of the helo.
The cold metal of the aircraft burns against my sweaty cheek. My ears still ring from the LRAD so I can’t hear the bullets, but I watch them ping against the dirt, sending sprays of grass into the air. I have a strong urge to grip the bullet wounds to stem the flow of blood, but I would do more harm than good. My hands are dirty. I can patch the wounds up later, but it would be harder to burn out an infection if I survive.
If I survive.
I grab at the helo and drag myself upwards, balancing on my good leg. Then I slump against the metal, waiting for the soldier to poke the barrel of her rifle into my sights. She steps forward, the tip of her boot slipping into view. I squeeze the trigger and blow off her big toe. I advance on her, using all the strength and fortitude I have to drag my damaged leg forward. My left arm hangs limply at my side, burning as if someone dumped a bottle of acid into the muscle and sealed it with a fiery kiss.
More lights spin and bounce towards me from the trees. More soldiers approaching. We’re bringing the whole damn squad down on our heads. There won’t be enough bullets in the two rifles to take them all out. But we need this helo. It’s our only chance.
I ease my arm around the side of the aircraft and fire another shot. I can’t tell if I hit anything, but two volleys blow past me. Two more soldiers are close enough to waste their ammo on firing wildly. That’s good to know.
I’m slumping around the corner when a hand grips my bloodied left shoulder and spins me around. I bring the rifle up to bash their nose but stop just in time. Rabbit, streaked with mud, the NVGs cracked and dangling in pieces around his neck, holds up his hands in supplication. I drop my arm. He says something but the shriek of the LRAD cuts off all verbal communication. He motions back towards the opposite side of the helo and I follow. We step over the body of a soldier and crouch just at the opening of the helo door. We peer into the belly of the aircraft.
The cockpit door is still closed.
Rabbit points at it, squinting. He pushes up off the ground and grabs for me, dragging me up into the helo. He slides across the floor like a baseball player diving for home and lightning quick thrusts the far door closed. The high-pitched squeal of the LRAD drops to a dull roar and I let my head fall back with a sigh. Whoever thought using that was a good idea? Definitely not me.
Rabbit hops over my dead weight body and slides the door on the opposite side closed too. We are now wrapped in a protective cocoon of metal and near quiet. The only soldier left between us and taking this helo is the pilot.
“You OK?” Rabbit dips his head towards my arm and leg.
I shake my head and my good leg gives out from underneath me. I drop against one of the seats. Rabbit watches my slow, ungainly fall and reaches up into the metal cupboards above my head. He detaches a silver box, taps into the keyboard on top of it, and the lid flips open. Two dozen tiny robots pour out like a hive of bees and swarm across the hold to the barred door. Rabbit drops the container and fishes back into the cupboard. He pulls out a first aid kit and dumps it in my lap.
Plasma rifles ping against the far metal doors. Rabbit tilts his head towards it and moves further down the helo cabin, digging in the cupboards. He finds another sealed box, opens it with another tap on the keys and pulls out explosive tape. His band flicks on and he calls the flying robots back. They land on the nearby seats, a few stopping along their way to scan me with pale purple light.
He strides over to the cockpit and runs a strip of the explosive tape over both sides of the door and the locked handle.
With grimy, trembling fingers I click open the first aid kit and survey the contents. Good enough. It’ll do. I unbutton my dress and tenderly extract my arm from the shredded material. There’s cloth in my wound. The tattered sleeve clings to the mud and blood and sweat coating my skin. I hiss and tears well in my eyes and I bang the heel of my good leg against the seat. It fucking hurts. It hurts worse than anything I’ve felt in my entire life.
Rabbit finishes outlining the door and then rips the seal off the tape. He backs away without turning, making a grab for me as he goes and pulling me along with him. The contents of the first aid kit dump onto the ground and scatter. The robots fly into the air in an angry frenzy, moving with us as they too sense the danger. Maybe this is where we both die. What does it matter? I’m half naked and bleeding from two bullet wounds anyway. What does anything even matter?
Rabbit pulls me to the ground. We duck behind the row of seats and press our backs to it. The door blows with an awful wrench of metal and the scent of hot steel, like the smell of boiling copper from the labor camps.
Angry cursing rises over the shrilling LRAD and approaching gunfire.
“You’re not taking this helo, you assholes!” The pilot shouts.
Rabbit clenches his jaw and peers up over the seat, only to be greeted by a hail of plasma bullets. He ducks back down, scowling. He surveys the hive of robots roosting at our feet.
A brief moment of clarity reminds me of the compact mirror tucked in my utility belt. I retrieve it with my good hand, placing it in one of Rabbit’s. He angles it around the corner of the seat to see exactly where the pilot is. That eerie grin slips onto his face and while still holding the mirror up, he removes a handheld ADS from the cargo pocket of his pants.
“Stay down,” he insists.
I don’t really plan on moving. I just watch him with glassy eyes, a heaviness and a cold sensation settling over my body. I would hazard that this is the sensation of dying. It’s the feeling of too much blood exiting my body and my organs going into shock.
Rabbit holds up the ADS and it emits a burst of concentrated heat, aimed directly at the pilot. A cry of pain rattles out of the cockpit. Rabbit springs to his feet and fires the rifle. The pilot makes a strange bleating noise and then the helo fills with relative silence.
“Stay here,” Rabbit commands, stepping forward.
“Stop telling me what to do,” I snap, my voice weak and croaking from my throat.
Rabbit stalks off towards the front of the helo. I push myself up, hooking an arm on a seat cushion and hoisting myself so I can crawl to the first aid kit. Rabbit dumps the body of the pilot to the floor and takes the seat, pressing buttons on a haptic projected keyboard. Lights and schematics flash on the HUD. The robot hive rises in one movement and flies over me, the wind from their wings smells metallic and alien.
I inch along the floor until my hand lands around a bottle of hydrogen peroxide. I shrug out of the remains of my dress, pulling it down to my hips. Dirt and blood streaks everywhere. My stomach heaves a bit at the sight and smell, but I bite back the nausea and twist off the cap of the peroxide.
The engines kick on with a roar and the helo blades spin to life.
“Holy crap,” I murmur as the floor bucks and rolls underneath me.
“Buckle up, we’re taking off,” Rabbit calls back, an unsuppressed delight in his voice.
Plasma pings and snaps against the floor beneath me and I glance to the blurry seats on the other side of the helo.
“You know, I don’t think I will,” I call out weakly, breaking off my words with a distressed chuckle.
A wave of exhaustion barrels me over and my grip on the peroxide loosens. My head dips. Swooning darkness crashes in.
Nope. Not yet.
My fingers tighten around the bottle and raise it, emptying half the contents on the wound. The peroxide is like taking a hot poker of salt to my already festering wounds. My ears ring and my throat erupts in fire. I stop screaming long enough to gulp air and then I scream again. Loud enough that I almost can't even hear my own voice in the wash of noise. My throat aches with the pressure but it also feels good. It feels better—like release.
I set down the peroxide and lift a chunk of the shirt dress up to my mouth. Biting down hard, I turn my attention to the other bullet hole. I shake another portion of liquid into it and scream into the cloth of the dress and kick my leg against the seat across from me.
Fuck you, Len. Fuck you.
I’m not dying in this helo. I’m not dying from these bullet wounds. I dump some of the peroxide on my hands and the blood and dirt pools and drips down my forearms in streams. I wipe them down with the dress fabric and scoot across the floor of the helo to what remains of the cockpit door.
I can only see dark, empty black night out of the windshield and the back of Rabbit’s head.
“Fuck you, Len,” I whisper, resting my head up against the seat.
Rabbit flops a hand down to me and I take it, gripping his fingers tightly. “You’re going to be OK, Buford. We’re going to get out of here,” he says in a soothing voice.
I press the back of his fingers to my burning hot cheek. It’s nice to feel the touch of another human being. Sometimes I think that’s the only thing that matters: touching another human being.
Then everything goes black.


CHAPTER SEVEN:
WAKING UP
Everything starts out black. I wake up in the black and all the scenes filter in, stacking on top of one another and spreading out, building the whole world. The sound of her laugh and the sun in my eyes. The scent of antiseptic in a bright white room and the dry scratch of their hugs. The electric press of his lips against mine and stars shooting through the night sky. These scenes anchor the world and inject the hues, the subtle variations of color behind my eyelids.
They like to think they’re the ones prodding me awake with their medicines pumped through my veins and their needles and their craggy, guttural voices running over the top of all my beautiful memories. But I know what brings the light in.
And the last thing I hear echoing in my own mind before I squint my eyes open is the voice of a father. A father who is not supposed to be mine because I was made in a lab, but I remember the cinnamon scent of his words and the tired lines of his forehead and the bone deep exhaustion pouring out from the rough pat of his hand on my shoulder.
He says, “The funny thing about a virus, is that a virus doesn’t choose sides.”
I choose sides. I choose to awaken. They couldn’t make me if they tried.
It’s too bright in here. In this room with all the lights blazing. More lights shining in my face. The clothes they wear are crisp and blinding. There is something wrong with my vision. They did something to my eyes so when I open them in the real world, I see only the colors they want me to see. The sights they desire. I hear only their sounds and taste only their tastes. Metal and copper are always on my tongue. The smell of singed hair and rubbing alcohol and antibacterial hand soap. The creak of wheels and buzz of electric static.
I push my lids open and my body jolts from the bed, as far as I can push it up. Which is not far. My arms and legs are bound to the table. I’m on a table or a chair, some combination of the two and there are people hovering, who dodge back when I awaken.
I blink into the white lights of the cold room and let the landscape of my body absorb my attention. No blanket covers my sleeping body and my legs are exposed and they look the same. They look correct, but also better somehow. They feel better. Real. Alive.
I roll my head up and peer around with a languid movement, a smile creeping over my mouth and pulling at the corners of my lips.
They made me better again.
“Dr. Dawson,” I call out, my voice flicking out past the ring of scientists and doctors surrounding me with their tablets poised to record and their mirrored spectacles and their stiff postures. They are of no use to me.
“Dr. Dawson, I know you’re here,” I whisper, because he can hear me. I don’t know exactly where he is, but it’s behind a wall and it’s close.
There’s no response, just the scientists and doctor’s recording my actions and words. I can’t move my arms but I notice the band is missing. I try to produce a crackle of electricity, but nothing happens. A tingling sensation flickers across my body and then stops. Fizzles out. Ozone and ashes. Ashes to ashes. Dust to dust.
“I want to know what happened,” I say.
A few of the scientists exchange glances, but it’s so hard to tell what they’re thinking behind their mirrored glasses. I can’t sense them the way I sense Dawson. They are void of technology, aside from the tablets, which I cannot manipulate anyway. They have taken precautions.
“I want to know why I’m here,” I ask again.
The doctors take a step back, parting like the red sea, and a figure they were blocking steps forward. It’s not Dawson. It’s someone else I recognize but not through her tech. She is void of it as well.
“Oh, I don’t think you really do,” Reznik purrs, stepping up to the chair-bed.
“I don’t like you.” I let the static roll across me again. I can’t concentrate it anywhere. I have no band and nothing to control it.
“That is irrelevant. You don’t have any idea what happened. And you certainly don’t know why you’re here. I would venture to guess, you don’t even know where you are. Or who you are.” She cat-smiles and turns to leave.
“I’m Zero. Patient Zero,” I say, my voice faltering and curling around the words.
“Yes,” she says. “That’s right.”
“I’m not Eleni Garza?” I ask, because that’s the other name in my head but it seems wrong now. It’s fading and receding into a grey mist. The memories are washing away.
“You are not Eleni Garza. Eleni Garza is dead,” Reznik says, her voice strong. It pushes the name further away from me. “She died at Fort Columbia. Her friends killed her. You are not Eleni Garza. You are Patient Zero.”
“I’ve died before,” I say, sinking back up against the bed-chair, absorbing Reznik’s words. It’s confusing in here. The voice of authority tells me to be one thing. But the voice inside my head tells me to be something else entirely.
“No, you have not.” Reznik turns around now. “You have been implanted with some of the memories of Eleni Garza. But you are not her. She is dead. You are under our control. Our command. And you will do as we say.”
“Reznik,” Dr. Dawson’s firm, steady voice echoes from the wall. “Give her some time.”
“I knew you were there.” I smile into the thin air. “Dr. Dawson.”
“Zero, you have to understand. You are not Eleni Garza,” Dr. Dawson says, patience framing his words.
“OK,” I say, because I don’t like to argue with Dr. Dawson. “But I remember her.”
“Good, that’s good. That’s exactly right. She is a memory. Her memories are alive in you, but she is dead. You’re a better version of her Zero. You’re going to do something Eleni Garza could never do. Something she refused to do, despite the fact that she had the power. Do you want to know what that is, Zero?”
I nod, a smile oozing over my lips. I like to make Dr. Dawson happy.
“You are going to save the world,” Dr. Dawson says.
A warm sigh leaves my chest and I relax against the table.
“Because a virus doesn’t choose sides,” I answer, blinking slowly. The colors still aren’t right, but they fit with this new world. This new life.
“Huh. Well, yes.” The calm collection in Dawson’s voice stumbles at my words. “That is correct.”
Reznik, still standing a few feet away from the table, folds her arms and narrows her eyes at me. “This is pretty sick, Dawson,” she says, glowering up at the ceiling and speaking to a particular point in the air as if talking directly to him. “You are a sick man.”
“Zero was a sick girl. She’s all better now,” Dawson says, giving his words an extra layer of ice. That’s for Reznik because she’s a bad guy and we don’t like bad guys here. We don’t like Reznik.
“Eleni was sick too,” I say.
“Everyone is sick,” Dawson says. “And you’re going to help them get better again. Would you like that Zero?”
“More than anything,” I answer. The cuffs around my legs and arms release and I push myself up off the table.
My legs and arms are shaky with the first few steps, but I wave away the multitude of hands reaching to steady and guide me. I will walk to Reznik without any help and tell her everything I feel.
I stop just short of our noses touching and smile my best smile. Like the one on her face, the blonde girl’s face in the sun. “I’d like that more than anything.” I beam at her. I brush past her and then stop, turning to stare at the spot Reznik was just addressing.
“Let me out, Dr. Dawson. I’m ready.”
Beside me, Reznik nods and the walls pull open to reveal Dr. Dawson in an observation tower. It’s a SIM. The scientists and doctors vanish, returning to the nano world from whence they came. Dawson uses the high-speed elevator to descend to the floor of the SIM. As the glass doors slide open, I leap into his arms. He scoops me up and crushes me against his chest.
“We thought we lost you. Welcome back,” he whispers in my ear, releasing me. I slump down to the ground, bare feet gingerly settling against the cool metal plates.
“What happens now?”
Before he can answer, a lightning strike of pain rips through my head and I reach up to it, stumbling backwards. There are no wires at my temple. There’s nothing but skin and hair. I am not Eleni Garza. I am Patient Zero.
“I am Patient Zero,” I say, because the sound of those words on my tongue and in my throat sound convincing. They make sense. They calm the unsteady beat of my heart.
Dr. Dawson holds out his hand. I slip my fingers into his. His hands are warm and dwarf mine. My hands are small and brown. That seems right. My hands feel right. I hold my left hand up to inspect it. No wires. No metal. This is just a human hand.
Dr. Dawson instructs me to dress and gestures towards a drawer that rolls out of the wall next to us. A pair of soft cottony pants like pajamas and a white t-shirt with the Prothero symbol. Warm wooly socks to cover my feet. A grey hooded sweatshirt. I slip out of my hospital gown and into the soft clothing, relishing the rub of the fabric against my skin. I can feel everything now. Prothero made it so I can feel everything.
“Come on, Zero. We’ve got friends to meet.” Dawson tugs my arm and pulls me towards a sliding door.
A bank of silver light clicks on and drowns us in stinging brightness. A shivery voice indicates, “No SIM technology detected. You are free to leave Patient Zero.”
I glance behind me at Reznik. She follows us at a pace, her arms crossed. “I don’t like her.” I turn back to Dawson.
He looks down at me, his fingers clenching around mine. “I know,” he says. We move through the sliding doors and out into the hallway.
Voices echo in the hallway. Not the muffled computer voices murmuring in the back of my head like music from a blown speaker. These voices are distinct and human. “Who are these people, Dr. Dawson?” I ask, a shy and nervous trepidation seizing my insides and stalling my feet. We’re approaching them so closely, they’re just beyond the walls here. I can sense them.
“They’re like you Zero. These people are like you. Some of them are just a bit different. But they’re all special.” He smiles benignly.
“I’m not special.”
“I don’t think that’s for you to decide,” Reznik says. I don’t turn to look at her. I don’t like her sharp, mean angles.
“Let’s meet your new friends.” Dawson waves a hand at the wall we’ve stopped in front of and it goes sliding away with this gesture.
What opens behind it at first seems like too much organized chaos. Tables and chairs with humans clumped around them eating food. Most of them stop when the door rolls open, revealing us on the other side. Some of them set their utensils down and stare with round, intrigued eyes. I have a strong urge to duck and hide behind Dawson’s leg like a shy child.
I slowly raise my arm and offer a wave. A handful of the others respond with hands extended in the air in greeting, their faces smiling and hopeful. There are about thirty students scattered about the cafeteria hunched over their plates, many with their heeads turned towards me. A few have gone back to their plates, clearly disinterested in my arrival. I scan over the group, absorbing their images, expressions, body size, all the distinguishing details that make us humans and not carbon copies of one another.
Except for one person. Except for one person and I stop looking and I lose the ability to control my legs and then I’m kneeling on the cold linoleum staring straight ahead.
Clinton Fuller sits two tables away from me, concern etched in his features. One hand gripped around a spoon that used to stir through a bowl of tomato soup but he now holds it aloft, his mouth dropped open just a little to expose the strong, menacing pearly white teeth I remember.
Eleni Garza remembers.
Dr. Dawson hauls me up by my armpits, propping me against his leg where I sag like a marionette without anyone to pull the strings.
“Everyone, this is Zero. Zero, these are your new friends. They’re all patients here at KERN.”
He attempts to disentangle me from his leg and push me forward into the crowd, but I can’t move. I don’t want to close anymore distance between myself and Clinton Fuller. I spin around and grab at the lapel of Dawson’s lab coat, my body trembling. My thoughts whirl, circling the expression on the blonde girl’s face when Clinton fired the plasma rifle, the hot, wet feeling of my stomach exploding, the sensation of falling to the ground. I drop Dawson’s lapel and press my hand to my stomach. There should be a scar there. When I dressed, I don’t remember seeing a scar. There would be a scar if I were Eleni Garza because she died. I remember dying and I remember Clinton Fuller killing me.
“He killed me,” I say, the words shaking from my lips. Dawson’s eyes, safe behind his black rimmed glasses, flick over to where Clinton sits, two rows away. I follow his gaze, and my body shudders. Clinton has dropped his spoon back into his soup and he’s not looking at us anymore. He’s staring down into the bowl with a pained expression.
He shot me. I press my hands to my abdomen, fingers searching over the cloth for a scar. Any kind of scar. I lift the bottom of my shirt to reveal the skin beneath, my fingers fumbling over the smooth shelf of my stomach. There’s no scar. I cannot see it. I cannot feel it.
“There’s no scar. There’s no scar,” I whimper, slumping against Dawson.
“There’s no scar,” Dawson says. “Because you are not Eleni Garza. You are Patient Zero. And that is not Clinton Fuller. He is Patient Twelve. Now go sit down and eat some food.” He disentangles me once more and pushes me forward with a gentle but insistent hand pressed on my back.
“Are we all Patients?” I ask, turning towards him, but not returning to his side. Something in my brain tells me that would not be right. It would make Dr. Dawson angry.
“We’ll talk more later Zero. For now, you need to eat.” He points to the table closest to Clinton, but my feet don’t obey this command. I veer right and find the table furthest from Clinton, a markedly impossible task. There are only six tables and he’s located in the far center. I don’t want to look at him, but I don’t want to turn my back on him either.
“You can sit here.” A Black girl with her hair separated into two buns, one on each side of her head, slides over and offers me a vacant seat. I smile nervously and grab at my hair.
My hair is long. It’s not the short, chunky spikes—the unruly waves—I remember when I was Eleni Garza. It’s long. It flows down my back and brushes over my temples. I tuck it behind my ears. The sensation of doing this, foreign up until now, feels oddly familiar. I hold up my hands again, trying to remember what Eleni Garza’s hair felt like.
“Are you gonna sit?” The girl asks, eyes rolled over to me, a quizzical but not unkind expression on her face.
I nod and dump myself down onto the hard plastic of the chair. There’s a band around her left wrist. She catches me looking at it and slips it back up into her sleeve, protectively.
“My name’s Ten. But that’s not my real name.” She takes a bite out of a wheat bread roll and knifes a helping of butter into her mouth after it.
“My name’s Zero,” I say, staring down at the empty table where I’m seated. Dawson said to eat but there’s no food here. I wonder if someone will bring me food. “I am not Eleni Garza.”
“I’m Lucretia Evans.” She smiles with the roll jammed in her mouth, her cheeks bulging.
I’ve decided to like Lucretia.
“Everyone has two names here,” I observe. Movement out of the corner of my vision indicates someone will soon deliver a tray of food. I watch a kind looking older woman balance it in two hands and approach with a benevolent smile. A knot of relief unravels in my chest. I dreamt about eating. I dreamt about so many things that I’m not sure are real.
“Is this place real?” I ask.
“I’m pretty sure I’m real. Don’t know about you though. You seem a little shaky.” She smirks and dips her roll in the tomato soup again.
“How did you get here? Did you die?” I ask.
Lucretia snorts and drops the bread away from her mouth. “No. I teleported here from Fort George after they recruited me.” Lucretia pauses as the older woman sets the tray down in front of me. It’s soup and chicken walnut salad with a roll. She pours water into a glass from a pitcher on the table.
“It’s nice to have you here, Zero,” the woman says. She turns and wanders back towards the kitchen. I don’t even have time to offer a thank you.
“People are nice here.” Lucretia points out.
I nod and pick up the fork. I load a bite onto my fork and put it in my mouth like I see everyone else doing. I chew it slowly, waiting for Lucretia to speak again.
“It’s better than National Service. They acted like they could barely stand you in National Service. I hated Fort George. The other girls called me names, stole my stuff, beat me up,” Lucretia says.
“What did you do?” I ask as I slurp down a spoonful of soup. It’s hot and burns the roof of my mouth but I don’t mind.
“I hurt them in the SIMS. On accident. I didn’t know what I could do at first, so I didn’t realize that I could even hurt them.” She meets my gaze and holds it. “They didn’t mess with me anymore, after that, but then Prothero found me. And now I’m at KERN. I don’t like Prothero. Never have. Never will. But the food’s better here.”
I nod again. The food is good. I spoon more soup into my mouth and risk a glance over at Clinton. A wave of nausea passes over me. Lucretia notes where I’m staring.
“You don’t like him,” she observes, knifing another sliver of butter into her mouth. “What’d he do to you?”
“He killed Eleni Garza.”
Clinton won’t look over here at me. Ever since our eyes met for the first time, he’s had his head bowed to the soup, stirring and stirring but not really eating. Maybe he feels bad for killing Eleni Garza.
“I thought he died too,” I say, reaching for my water glass.
“Twelve? He’s been here since forever. Since before anyone else can remember. I got here six months ago,” Lucretia says. “He’s at least been here for six months.”
“Our numbers have nothing to do with our order?” I thought Zero meant something. Patient zero in a disease scenario means the person the virus originates from. Eleni Garza knew that all too well.
“The order we arrived? No. I don’t think so. I don’t know what they mean, really. You could ask One. Benjamin. He’s over there.” She gestures towards a far table, towards a Latinx boy with short hair parted sharply to one side and a jagged scar cutting across his temple, and cheek, down onto his neck. He has a metal arm and his fingers fold delicately around the spoon in his hand. “He doesn’t talk to anyone. Doesn’t even talk to himself. Some of us talk to ourselves. I’m guessing you probably talk to yourself, huh?” She smiles and takes a long swig of milk, leaving a mustache on her upper lip that she wipes off with the back of her hand.
“Right now, I’m talking to you.” I load another bite of food in my mouth and chew slowly. It feels good to eat. “Benjamin looks scary.”
“You’re not wrong.” Lucretia tilts her head. “So where did you come from?”
“The lab. But I remember an army base somewhere else. Fort Columbia? I remember that. I also remember dying and Clinton Fuller killing me so obviously I can’t trust my own memories,” I say this with a burbling laugh that makes Lucretia’s eyes widen.
“You’re a little crazy Zero,” she says, but not unkindly. I think she likes me.
“What happens after this?” I ask, gesturing around the cafeteria to the other Patients.
“We go to the SIMs.”
“What do you do there?”
“Tests,” another girl answers from across the table. She’s Latinx too and she smiles when we make eye contact, revealing dimples on both cheeks. She brushes bangs from her forehead. “Prothero likes running their tests.”
I frown. “What kind of tests?”
A pleasant chime emits from the walls, like the tinkling of small tubular bells. Lucretia’s smile widens and she scoots her chair back and stands.
“SIM time. Catch you later, Zero.” She holds out her fist. I bump it carefully, a friendly gesture. The other Patients at our table rise. The Latinx girl wears an exoskeleton suit around both her legs, attached to two harnesses that wrap over her shoulders. She’s the only one at the table with a visible implant.
“I’m Zero,” I say, with a hesitant wave at them. At her. They all nod but the Latinx girl steps forward.
“I’m Milla Gomez. This is Sadie, Xavier, and Mitchell,” Milla points to the other Patients. “We use real names around here, gorgeous. What’s your real name?”
My mouth instantly dries. A hard lump forms in my throat. “What do you mean?”
“Zero is a fake name made up by Prothero. What’s your name?”
“Cut it out Milla,” Lucretia says in a voice that almost sounds like authority.
“You’re not Zero,” Milla says, raising an eyebrow. Lucretia crosses her arms.
“She said she’s Zero. You don’t get to decide for her.”
“No. Prothero doesn’t get to decide for her. Look, Gorgeous, this is you.” Milla thrums a finger over her band. A face pops up but it’s not mine. This face is scarred with technology and angry eyes glitter in the skull of this girl. “You single-handedly took out a military base.”
I reach up towards the image. It flickers as my fingers approach and light trembles in the air between the picture of Eleni Garza and my skin.
“Your name is Eleni Garza. Nobody made you in a lab. They tried to unmake you but you’re stronger than that. Don’t let these assholes convince you otherwise. You’ll figure it out soon enough.” Milla smiles again. It’s a warm smile. Her words are angry, but she’s not angry with me.
I don’t return the smile. She seems like trouble. I don’t want any more trouble.
I wave a hand through the projection and Eleni Garza vanishes into my skin.
Milla shrugs and turns to walk away, limping slightly in the prosthetic. The small group from our table follows her, Lucretia lagging behind and distancing herself from Milla. Why was my real name so important to her? How did she know about Fort Columbia?
She’s definitely trouble. The kind of trouble Eleni Garza would get wrapped up in. Which means Patient Zero needs to steer clear of her.
I sit at the empty table, finishing my meal, letting my attention wander over the rest of the patients slowly lining up and lingering in the safety and warmth of the cafeteria. I never saw anyone else in the Prothero Lab. Well, Eleni never did. We never did. My eyes strategically glaze over Clinton while at the same time keeping him in the corner of my view.
If I had a band, I would track his GPS signal everywhere. He would never get within a hundred feet without me knowing.
All the people at his table have vacated, leaving their empty trays for someone else to collect. Not like National Service, where we had to empty our own trays. Things are so strange here. Only a small cluster of Patients gather near the doors now, talking and laughing quietly among themselves.
Clinton remains seated—head down—his meal untouched since I walked into the room. I have a sinking feeling he wants to talk to me. He wants to hurt me. What if he tries to kill me again? Why would Dawson leave us alone so it could happen again? I glance around for any signs of him or any surveillance equipment overhead. I see nothing.
The last trickle of Patients exits through the cafeteria doors.
There’s no one here to help me.
The metal legs of Clinton’s chair scrape across the linoleum as he stands. His gaze flickers over to me. The hairs on my arms raise. I push away from the table—my chair squealing—and a water glass on the table upsets and spills. Clinton holds out a hand as if to stop me but it’s too late. His movement is a trigger and it fires my legs into motion.
I break into a run, dashing towards the sliding wall. My heart hammers in my chest and a frenzied sob builds in my throat. Clinton is giving chase only a few steps behind me. I run blindly towards the doors and a scream rips from my throat when I barrel straight into Dr. Dawson.
He reaches out to steady me, but I topple backwards. Dawson bends down to retrieve me and I’m still on the ground, cowering like a frightened puppy when Clinton exits through the wall. He doesn’t run. He wasn’t running towards me. His steps through the door are tentative and almost disoriented.
“He killed me.” I clench Dawson’s pant leg like a terrified child.
Clinton’s brow furrows and he glances frantically between me and Dr. Dawson. “I’ve never even met you,” he says, voice hoarse and filled with emotion. “Dr. Dawson, I’ve never even met her.”
“What are you talking about?” I climb to my feet, using Dawson as my support. “You killed me. You shot me!”
I’m not frightened any longer. I’m angry.
“It’s alright. Twelve, get to your SIM. Zero, come with me. We’re going to your new room.” Dawson presses a palm to my lower back and gently turns me in the opposite direction of Clinton.
I twist in Dr. Dawson’s grip and level Clinton with a steely glare. “You killed me.”
“That’s impossible. I’ve never even met you. Please stop saying that.”
Please. He said please. I scowl as his hulking form turns and slumps away while Dawson drags me down the hall. Clinton never said please.
Another spike of pain rolls through my head, combining with the smell of burning and taste of copper. I reach up to the absence of wires on my temple to press there, but that's not even where the pain originates. It stabs from inside my brain. I stumble against Dawson and he slips his arm further around me for support. This is also new. Dawson never touched me. Never touched Eleni Garza.
He was scared of her. But he’s not scared of me.
We travel through a few corridors made of glass and I can see the outside world. Palm trees sway against a partially cloudy sky colored more blue than grey. We’re not in the Pacific Northwest anymore.
Dawson watches with a benign, friendly expression as I absorb the new landscape. It’s been so long since I’ve seen palm trees. A light breeze pushes against them, fanning out their fronds. Eleni Garza remembers palm trees.
After the open corridor, we veer left down a hallway with wood paneling and artfully arranged stone. The noisy splash of a water fountain burbles in an open foyer. This area has the calm, spiritual sanctity of a church or a temple.
“This place is so different from National Service.”
Dawson nods with a smile.
“This is what we wanted for Eleni.” He looks around the hallway, the corners of his lips pulling into a sad grimace. “And this is what we can offer you.”
He stares vacantly into the air for a few more seconds and then snaps back to attention. “This is your room, over here.”
He gestures with a sweep of his arm to a slate and wood covered wall which slips away and reveals a bed, a closet, a desk with a lamp and a small shelf for personal belongings.
I used to have personal belongings. Eleni Garza had personal belongings. A tin box and a necklace. My hand reaches up to my throat. The necklace had a purpose. I had a purpose. What was my purpose? I slump against the door frame and stare out through the window. There aren’t any bars on it. Eleni Garza always needed bars.
I breathe a watery sigh. “I don’t know what happened to me. I don’t know why I’m here,” I say.
“Why don’t you rest. We’ve got plenty of time to explore and learn about your new home. Unless of course, you want to observe the SIM. That is up to you.” Dawson lays an affectionate arm on my shoulder. “You have a choice here.”
“No.” I survey the room, the only room I’ve ever had to myself. “I think I’ve slept long enough.”


CHAPTER EIGHT:
SISKIYOU COUNTY
“Wake up, Buford.” A familiar voice scratches against my ears. “Wake up. Rise and shine.”
“Ugh. Five more minutes, Ma,” I groan, rolling over onto my left side.
A wave of sharp, stabbing pain hits me. My eyes jolt open and a gasp bursts from my mouth. Rabbit towers over me, jumping back as I claw my way up from the floor.
“Jesus.” He reaches over to steady me. “You OK?”
“No, I’m not OK.” I grit my teeth against the biting, burning sensation in my leg and arm. “I got fucking shot. Where are we? What happened?”
“We’re flying over northern California. I took out the drones while you napped. Then I cleaned and field dressed your bullet wounds. Twice.” He motions towards me. “You’re lucky those bullets passed clean through and didn’t hit any major arteries. You’re in pretty good shape for someone with multiple gunshot wounds.”
I’m basically naked. The only things I’m wearing besides the fragments of my dress and leggings are underpants, a bra, and my combat boots.
With his foot, Rabbit nudges a soft white baggy sitting on the floor of the helo next to me. “There’s some antibacterial wipes here, if you want to get cleaned up. I didn’t want to bathe you. I mean—not without your permission.” He rubs at the nape of his neck with an uncomfortable expression.
“You’re such a gentleman.” I grab the package, rip it open and tenderly clean the bloody smears off my shoulder. “It’s not like you haven’t seen me mostly naked before. Hey, why don’t I hurt as much as I should?” I ask, swiping over my chest and stomach. I drop the bloodied wipe next to me with a grimace.
“I gave you some painkillers from the first aid kit. They had a container of that weird medical goo that fills bullet wounds and those blood replicator injections. Gave you some of that too. I did what I could.”
“Thanks for helping me not die. You did good.”
“Of course,” he says, his voice softening. He looks away quickly and clears his throat. “There’s some extra flight suits in one of the overhead compartments. If you want to get dressed. I’ll find the parachutes. We’re going to need them.”
“Excuse me?” I pause mid-sponging blood off my thigh. “What are you talking about?”
Rabbit gestures to the cockpit. “This thing is on autopilot headed to Washington D.C. But we’re headed to Bakersfield, California. Since I can’t keep us off their radar anymore, I’ve got to confuse them. It’s a trick we learned in aeronautics—chasing chickens. The plane goes one way, we go the other. Now they’re chasing two chickens.”
He Rabbit-smiles at me and then heads over to three boxes of cargo that are tipped over and laying on their sides. He rustles around in the netting there. I drag myself up from a sitting position and prop myself against the seats. A flight suit is better than my birthday suit. I pop open the door of the overhead compartment and half a dozen vacuum sealed jumpsuits rain down on me.
Rabbit lopes past and wordlessly tosses a parachute pack onto the seat next to me. I tear into the plastic packaging surrounding the jumpsuit and an antiseptic smell billows into the air. The suit’s a boring green and certainly won’t accentuate any of my attractive girly bits. But the only person to impress around here is Rabbit and we already established that’s a nonstarter.
I dress and join Rabbit in the cockpit, skirting around the puddle of dried blood on the floor and gently easing myself into the co-pilot seat. We’re silent for the moment—surveying the world through the HUD.
“This is only the second time I’ve ever been in a plane,” I say, pressing my hand against the cool glass of the windshield.
“It’s not a—” Rabbit stops himself and looks over at me as I stupidly admire the scenery. I side-eye him and one of those Rabbit grins tugs briefly at the corner of his lips. He touches the glass too. “It’s nice up here, right? I can always breathe easier when I’m flying. Most of the time I just want to be in the air. I wanted to go to space. Stupid, huh?”
I set my hand on his.
“Not stupid,” I say.
He swallows and clears his throat roughly. “I hoped we could fly all the way to Mexico City in this thing, but they radar locked us a few minutes ago. That’s why I woke you up.” He gives my hand a quick squeeze and draws his away. My fingers go cold against the glass again. “Now we’ve got to jump.”
Back in the belly of the helo, I pick up the parachute pack and stand there holding it. It’s gonna take a whole lot of tenacity and grit to leap from the platform of the helo. My whole life has been about avoiding stuff like this. You don't have to make leaps of faith if you’re smart. If you’re smart enough, you could avoid trouble altogether.
“I wasn't smart enough,” I mutter, tucking my arm through one of the loops. “Smart people don’t end up jumping out of planes.”
“Resourceful ones do.” Rabbit grabs onto the other side of the pack to assist as I gracelessly shove my wounded arm through the loop.
“Doomed is more like it.” I shudder now that the full weight of the pack hangs on me. The ground is so far away and we are very high going very fast.
He straps our bag to his chest, and helps me do the same with the water pack.
“You ready?” he asks, clicking a button on his band. The door of the helo rolls open, wind howling in from the other side, slamming against our bodies, pushing us back against the far wall.
“No thank you.” My voice is lost in all the noise.
We step forward together and then we’re standing at the edge—clutching the sides of the open door—staring at the green and brown earth as it streaks by below us.
“I don’t want to do this,” I shout, the dampness of my palms making our fingers slick.
“You’ll be OK,” Rabbit assures with a placating nod. “We’ll jump together.”
“How do you know I’ll be OK? Have you done this before?”
“Once,” he says with a Rabbit-grin and then he’s falling into space and taking me with him. The wind burns past my ears, blowing so hard it hurts. I want to press my palms against them but there’s no time. We should’ve worn helmets. We should’ve stayed in the helo. We should’ve done a lot of damn things that we didn’t do and this is the consequence: falling.
I open my mouth to scream because I’m so angry at this choice I didn’t want to make and I’m so completely terrified of our downward trajectory towards the earth, but the wind takes my voice and my breath away.
I crane my head against the pressure of gravity and shift over to see what Rabbit’s up to on the other end of my hand. He’s fiddling with the cord on his pack, twisting it nervously while he careens through the air. I tug on our joined hands and grab his attention, winking out the lantern of his grin and re-focusing him on our purpose. There’s pain in the gesture, the bullet wounds responding with angry buzzing, but there’s relief in Rabbit responding with a tap on his band. Time. Almost time.
I give a thumbs up with my free hand and we continue to spin in the horrible roar of the atmosphere. Time goes slow and fuzzy but also fast and electric as we rush towards our impending doom. I have time to think all the thoughts in the world but they all want to be thought at once.
Rabbit catches my attention and pats the strap on his chest. I rip on the strap as hard as I can—my shoulders and back jerk up so fast the bullet wound in my bicep screams in protest. My eyes well up and fire burns in my throat. I glance up and see the mushroom poof of the khaki colored parachute—sandy like the desert. Rabbit, his parachute opened up like a parade balloon, swoops and sways in the wind. There’s a little lever to guide your parachute and I grip it, swinging my mushroom cloud away from Rabbit and towards an open field.
The ground rushes up fast, and I fight the urge to land feet first and bang up my knees. I quick glance at Rabbit, who pushes his legs out in front of him, like he’s relaxing into a reclining seat. I brace myself for the bump of my ass hitting the ground. It’s going to reopen all my wounds. Until I get them properly cauterized, every large jostle is going to reopen them. I hope Rabbit still has the medical kit.
The ground howls towards me like the headlights of a speeding hovercar. I nearly lose my composure. I steel myself for the pound of my ass against the grassy pastureland. I try to keep soft knees but the nerves and shock and my body’s own innate desire to protect itself from further damage kicks in. I hit the ground hard and immediately tip into a roll.
The straps bite into my shoulders, pinching my chest. Then the cables attaching me to the chute spin around my face, upper torso, and legs. I let out a bellow of indignation, especially as the bullet wounds slam against the earth while I roll. I struggle to free my hands and push them out in front of me. I grab at clumps of grass to stop the motion. The world spins and for the second time in the last twenty-four hours, my head bangs against a poorly placed rock.
An entire field of cow grass and my head happens to find a rock in it. My eyes explode with a rainbow of bright colors and a sharp stab of pain rips across the back corner of my skull. Another howl of rage erupts from me and I dig the heels of my boots into the dirt in a final, pitiful attempt to slow my tumbling roll. It works. Somehow it works. I spin to a stop, helplessly snarled in the parachute and the strings.
Probably because of my damaged head, and maybe because of the drugs, but it takes me a few moments to realize Rabbit has arrived to free me from the strings. I just hear the rustling and I try to look up and around but my body is too tangled to do anything. Rabbit has the stupid boot knife in one hand. He hacks away at the plastic and string.
“You OK in there?” he asks, cutting through the material near my head.
“Just peachy. I think I lost control of my bowels somewhere between the helo and the ground though,” I say, voice shaking.
“You did good, Buford.”
“No I didn’t. But it’s kind of you to say so.”
After a moment of rustling, he settles next to my left ear.
“Your head’s bleeding. What happened?”
“A rock happened. We can deal with that in a minute. Please get me out of this thing.”
Rabbit sits back on his haunches, a grin stealing across his lips, “I don’t know. Maybe you’ll be less trouble like this.” He loops a finger around one string and flicks it.
“Hilarious. You’re a freaking comedian. Now get me out of here.”
Rabbit goes back to untangling me. When I’m finally free of the chute and the strings, he drops the bag from his back and takes out the med pack.
“Let me patch up your head.”
I nod acceptance. He taps some hydrogen peroxide onto a cotton ball and presses it to my wound. I hiss through clenched teeth and my fingernails dig into the grass underneath me. He attaches a bandage and gives my good shoulder a rough, comforting squeeze.
“All done, Buford. Can you walk?” he asks, rising to his feet.
“Do I have to?” I ask, testing my legs. They seem walkable. I reach up to his outstretched hand and rise slowly. My head spins and I slump down, clinging to his jacket. Little pockets of pain open up around my bullet wounds. I suppress the urge to vomit or faint. These sensations pass slowly, taking eons.
“You’re going to be OK. We’re going to get through this,” Rabbit assures me, patting my back gently. His warm body grounds me, gives me the confidence to open my eyes. I push away from him, putting my full weight on my feet. That feels OK. Manageable. I stretch out my legs into a bumbling sort of gait, strongly favoring my wounded leg. Now Rabbit and I have matching hobbles. We hobble over the cow pasture in silence, except for my occasional grunts and groans as the bullet wounds shriek and ache with the movement.
In the distance we spot a squatty farmhouse. When we finally reach it, Rabbit cleans and re-dresses my bullet wounds. I pop more painkillers and let the blissful lull of drugs fall over me. If it wasn’t for drugs, I probably wouldn’t be alive right now.
In the abandoned bedroom upstairs, we find new clothes including a cream colored Dairy Farmers Association of America t-shirt and a purple hoodie which I claim. I change my clothes in the closet, groaning with the effort. It feels like I fell out of a plane instead of parachuted from one. I throw the door open with my good arm and strike an awkward pose.
Rabbit smiles. “Very stylish.”
“Your turn.” I toss out a pair of rust colored work pants. I also find a red and black checkered flannel and wrench it off its hanger. As I spin around to present it to him, I’m shocked to find him already digging in the dresser. He holds up a black V-neck shirt and I nod in approval.
“Shoes are too small.” He gestures towards the closet.
I pluck up a pair of women’s athletic shoes, “Not for me!”
“Found this too.” Rabbit tosses a small necklace my way and I catch it with my good hand. It’s a simple compass—nothing fancy or techy about it. The chain is a piece of black plastic wire tied in the middle. It’s the kind of thing you learn to use and then lose at basic because the rest of our training was filled with Prothero gadgets to chart our course.
The compass feels good in my hand—solid and simple and comforting. I loop it over my neck and tuck it down into the dairy shirt for safe keeping.
Rabbit watches me with a curious tilt of his neck.
“Thanks,” I say, giving him a heartfelt half smile.
“At least now we won’t get lost,” he says.
We’re not lost. We’re running for our lives. There’s a difference. I don’t give Rabbit the same courtesy of leaving the room while he changes. I sit on the edge of the moldy bed watching him strip and step into the pants. He’s too thin. I can count his rib bones.
I finish lacing my shoes and flop gently back onto the bed. It feels good to lay on a mattress and I drag the quilt around my body. I try not to think about the people who used to live in this house or the absence of bodies or cows in their pasture. I tell myself they fled when the NV first kicked off and they’re living now in some major city. Totally fine and totally happy.
We don’t talk much as I navigate the stairs back down to the main floor. Despite the painkillers—the movement causes enough pain in my leg and arm to make my eyes water. I sniff and brush the tears away roughly.
“You can’t keep walking. Not like this.”
I gesture down at his swollen ankle. “Neither can you.”
“That’s a totally unreasonable comparison. You got shot.”
“Twice,” I remind him, holding up two fingers. He Rabit-smiles again. I’m not used to seeing him smile this much. It’s somewhat unnerving.
“Are you OK?” I ask, grabbing on to his arm.
“Yeah why?”
“You’re smiling a lot.”
He shrugs. “Shit sorry. Probably the adrenaline. Don’t worry, it’ll wear off and I’ll be back to sad bastard Rabbit soon.”
“Good. Looking forward to it.” I take a step away from him and wince as I come down too hard on my bad leg. “Fucking hell.”
“I have an idea. One you might actually like. Why don’t you rest here for a minute?”
“Thought you’d never ask.”
Rabbit deposits me on a couch so thick with a layer of dust, it puffs a cloud into the air when I lower myself down onto a cushion. I sneeze and the gunshot wounds screech in protest. Rabbit drops his pack onto the floor near my feet. He squints through the large living room windows—assessing that it’s all clear—and leaves through the back door.
Relaxation washes over me in the wake of his exit and I collapse against the soft, smelly couch. My eyes close dreamily and then snap open, then close again. Everything in my body demands the luxury of a cat nap. As I carefully drag my legs up onto the furniture, they bump against the pack. It dumps over and the tin flops out. I stare at it like it’s brand new—like it’s the first time I’ve ever seen it’s stupid shining surface. I lean over and pick it up.
A sudden urge to toss it across the room overwhelms me and I stifle it. I could do something a little more passive. I could just leave it here. I could hide it in one of these silent, empty rooms and Rabbit wouldn’t notice until we were miles away and there would be no turning back.
Who am I kidding? He would turn back. He would check before we left. This tin is all that’s left of Eleni Garza.
I sigh and move to set the tin back in the bag, but the jostling activates the internal locking mechanism that was broken in the brawl at Fort Columbia. The lid pops open, revealing the garish red velvet material of its innards. Inside is nearly one hundred letters—some covered in Len’s blood—written on scraps of yellowing paper, ink sprawled across them.
The urge to slam the lid shut and toss the tin away crawls over me again, but instead I bite my lip and pick up one of the letters. A clean white letter with no blood spatter or red fingerprints brushed over it. A sense of foreboding overtakes me. Do I really want to know what’s inside here? What was inside of her?
I unfold it and run a hand over it to straighten out the creases. The letter is written in code—substituting numbers for letters. But the numbers aren’t random, there’s a pattern. I straighten up against the back of the couch, looking up and around—suspicious even here. There are always eyes watching.
Numbers instead of letters. Ranging from one to twenty-six. That’s the highest number on the page. OK, duh. Twenty-six letters in the alphabet. Not exactly high-level spy shit. I guess pre-teens writing love letters aren’t that creative. I pull up my band—muted from Prothero’s signal but still functional—and write up a quick app that will translate each number into the appropriate letter and decipher the letter for me. Maybe I’m not a technology wizkid but I'm no slouch either.
I’m halfway into the third word when a rustling at the back door jogs my heart into my lungs. I cram the letter into the pocket of my shorts, snap the lid shut and toss it at the pack.
Rabbit rounds the corner, tugging something red and clattery behind him. His squinty eyes slide across the room like a scanner, first taking in my guilty expression, and second the precarious perch of the tin on top of the bag. He drops the black metal handle he was holding and strides over to the bag, jamming the tin inside and pulling the drawstrings tight. I expect some angry rebuff or glowering accusation but he just takes a deep breath instead.
“I got us a ride.” He slips the pack up over his shoulders and holds out a hand. I take it and rise shakily to my feet.
I peer around him to see that Rabbit has wheeled in a red metal wagon. The insides are a bit rusted and dirty, but it’s in fairly decent shape.
“They didn’t have any cycles.”
“You want me to ride in a wagon?” I ask, trying to hide my smile. On the one hand, I haven’t ridden in a wagon since I was at least ten years old. On the other hand, I’m a heavy burden for a skinny, wounded dude like Rabbit to carry. I look up at him. “You sure about this?”
“I’m sure. Hop in.”
I limp over to it and survey the unclean surface.
“Here.” Rabbit tosses me a soft, spongy, multi-colored quilt. I drop it into the wagon and smooth it over the sides, then climb in on top of it. Not bad. Not great, but workable. Rabbit hands me a musty pillow from the couch to prop my head on. I curl up into the fetal position, nursing my wounded leg and arm. Rabbit sets the bag down in the empty space near my butt and picks up the handle.
“Let’s go into the woods,” he says. The warmth of the almost summer afternoon, the smell of baking earth and wheaty grass transports me back to childhood. Then the wheels of the wagon turn, bumping over the bare wooden floor and out the front door.


CHAPTER NINE:
THE HAUNTING
I haven’t left my room for three days. Dr. Dawson comes by to visit and says it’s OK if I want to be alone. He gave me a tour of the KERN facility, so I’d know where the showers are and how to get back to the cafeteria. Although, if I don’t go to feed myself, somebody usually brings the food to me. I eat a bit of it but most of the trays go back with very little touched.
Dr. Dawson said it’s normal to experience what he calls “depressive malaise.” He said there is typically an adjustment period after the cloning process, and it will take a while to get used to being awake. He even showed me a library with real physical books and an art room where I found an empty drawing tablet and a brand-new package of colored pencils.
I took a book of poems off the shelf at the library and I took the tablet from the art room but when I got back to the empty bedroom with the little window—I just set them on the table and climbed onto the bed.
I don’t know what I’m supposed to do. Something is missing inside me and every time I get close to touching it, a bright stab of pain opens in my skull. I am unmoored like a ship drifting in the currents of the ocean too far from the shore. Or like a balloon tethered to the earth by a string that grows thinner and thinner every day.
I spend a lot of time staring out the little window watching the clouds move and form and drift off again. I try to recall all the memories from Eleni Garza. Commit her memories to my memory but the harder I try to grasp, the deeper the pain burrows in my brain and the shiftier and hazier the memories become until it’s just emotional impressions instead of images. Until I am nothing at all. Nothing substantial anyway and so Zero, as a name, starts to make sense.
Mostly, the time I pass in the room feels like waiting.
Tonight, there is a knock at the door and it’s dinner time so I open it to reveal a cafeteria worker. He hands me a tray with a benign smile and then wanders off down the hall. I look down at the meal of meatloaf, mashed potatoes, and green beans. I try to imagine eating it and feeling hungry for this food but my insides are brimming with emptiness. There’s no room for food.
I set the tray on the table and I’m about to lay back down on the bed when there’s another knock at the door. The food tray was just delivered, and Dawson isn’t due to drop by for another two hours. I have no idea who it could be. A wailing alarm flashes deep in my brain, not at my temples, but in the top middle of my skull with a vice grip pressure. This is the feeling of trying to remember.
I approach the door with hesitant steps. The moment my fingers press against the button on the wall, a jolt of electricity skitters across my hand.
I jab down on the button and the wall slides away to reveal a boy standing in front of me. Not just any boy. It’s a boy I recognize from Eleni Garza’s memories. The boy with the big nose and ears. He stands with one hand jammed into the pocket of his jeans, the other suspended in mid-air as if he was gearing up for another round of knocking. A smile breaks across his lips and his bushy eyebrows raise. He reaches up with his free hand and rubs the back of his neck. A nervous gesture but somehow the overall effect seems calculated. Strategic.
My heart drops. Skips a beat. Stutters in my chest.
“Who are you?” I ask, my voice slow and rusty.
“My name is—” he trails off and he looks up at me with a tilt of his head, his hand dropping away from his neck. “You know my name.”
“Mateo,” I whisper, the crackle of electricity whipping up my arm again. “The Matador.”
His features blur momentarily. I blink. His face comes back into startling clarity and it’s familiar. It’s one I’ve spent years drawing. I thought—for a moment I thought he was someone else.
“You’re Mateo?” I ask.
He smiles and stares down at me, the long eyelashes around his dark eyes fluttering. A breeze from nowhere lifts his shoulder-length straight hair momentarily. My stomach dips. Our bodies are only inches apart.
The lights in the hallway flicker and a bulb several feet away from us shatters.
He doesn’t seem startled or concerned. He doesn’t turn towards the noise or flinch as the glass hits the ground. Instead, his smile grows wider.
“I remember you,” I say, bringing my other hand up to hold the frame of the door. Propping my sinking body up so that he doesn’t see how much his sudden appearance levels me. “How did you get here?”
“I have been here this whole time,” Mateo says, and his words make the hairs tingle on the nape of my neck. “I am always with you.”
“I thought you were in Mexico City with the Contras.” My fingernails dig into the metal paint of the doorframe, scraping off little flecks. A blue light pulses around my tensed knuckles and sparks against the door.
“I am here now,” he says, the smile dropping lower and a curious expression flickering across his face. “Why do you look so scared? Are you afraid of me, Eleni Garza?”
“I’m not Eleni Garza.”
“Then who are you?”
I don’t answer his question. In fact, I take a step back. Why is everyone so concerned with naming me? What does it matter if I’m Eleni Garza or Patient Zero?
“Can I show you something?” he asks, extending his hand out to me again.
I stare down at it, and for a moment, I see right through it. It has to be a trick of the light in the hallway, still flickering off and on. Another bulb shatters closer to where we stand. A distant murmur of indistinguishable voices grows louder. Footsteps draw nearer. I know I should look up again, into his eyes—but I can’t stop staring at his hand. At the way the light moves on it and around it. And through it.
“What is it?” I ask, my voice trembling. “What do you want to show me?”
“Take my hand, Eleni Garza,” he insists, his voice straining and growing fuzzy at the edges.
“I’m not Eleni Garza. I already told you. I’m Zero. I’m just a zero.”
I swallow and it makes a dry clicking in my throat. I take a deep, wavering breath. I don’t want to look up at him again because I’m terrified of what I will see there. I want to look anywhere but his face. One of my hands slowly unclenches from the doorframe and falls to my side with the palm open and facing towards him.
“Hurry,” Mateo whispers urgently.
I tear my gaze away from his outstretched hand and look up at him. For a moment, his whole body shivers with a bright light. A lightbulb directly overhead shatters, the lights around us dim almost down to nothing and then pulse painfully bright. A swoon slams into me. I grip the doorframe tighter. The pressure in my head ratchets up until it’s unbearable.
“Do not be afraid, Eleni Garza.” Mateo stretches his hand out until it hovers right outside the door frame, inches from my fingers, but still does not touch me.
“I’m not—” I start to say, but then a horrible realization hits me.
He cannot touch me. My body is inside this room with the little window and he cannot enter. Cold fear and terror crash through me. What kind of person cannot cross a threshold? What kind of thing cannot move freely in the world?
“What are you?” I ask him in a choked whisper.
Mateo’s eyebrows furrow and anger flashes across his face. “This might be our only chance. Come with me now,” he says, in a different voice. It’s a voice I recognize but cannot place. A voice that pushes the breath from my lungs with a gasp. His words are not a plea or a question. They’re a command.
His outstretched palm catches my attention again. The sudden urge to grab ahold of his hand swells and roars through my brain. My other hand unlatches from the wall and I begin to edge past the door frame, angling for his grip. A movement to the left breaks my concentration.
It’s Dawson. Dr. Dawson bursts into the hallway and runs full tilt towards me. I gasp in surprise and turn back to Mateo, but he’s gone. Vanished into thin air. There is nothing in front of me but the empty hallway. The overhead lights click back on. The eerie garbled feedback noise in the middle of my head, the one I didn’t even realize I was hearing, melts away. The pressure is released.
Another swoon passes over me and I give into it, sliding down the length of the doorframe and curling my body up on the floor, resting my head against the cool metal. Dr. Dawson slips into view, dropping to his knees in front of me, nearly colliding with the shards of broken glass.
“Zero?” he asks, grabbing both sides of my face up in his hands. “Are you alright?”
I don’t answer him for a moment. I don’t feel able to. There aren’t any words to answer him with. I just let my limp, sweating body shudder against him.
He brushes hair off my forehead, and I close my eyes. I expect to see Mateo in the dark behind my eyelids, but he’s not there. There’s nothing there. The emptiness of the bedroom. The grey nothing that is being Patient Zero. And then, a little spark. A little blue light in the center that slowly emerges and takes the shape of Mateo. Tall and lanky. Smiling kindly.
A sigh escapes my chest and I open my eyes. I meet Dr. Dawson’s concerned gaze.
“I’m fine.”
“Are you?” he asks, and brushes his finger under my nose. Traces of red blood smear across his skin.
“Yeah, I think so.” I nod, climbing shakily to my feet. “I thought I saw someone.” I stare past him—over his shoulder—out into the hallway. “A boy named Mateo.”
“Mateo,” Dawson muses, his hands still at my elbow. I move back towards the bed and he offers assistance. I settle onto the covers. “Mateo Alvarez would be available in Eleni Garza’s memory files, Zero. But he wouldn’t be here. Not here.”
“No,” I say, my brows furrowing. “You’re right. Sometimes I get confused.”
I smile up at him, trying for reassuring. He offers his own strained smile in return.
“I think you need to eat more. And maybe venture out of this room to connect with some of the other patients. I’m worried about you, Zero.” Dawson sets a comforting hand on my shoulder. “You’re spending too much time in here. Alone.”
I nod. “I know. I’ve just been adjusting. I’ll do better. I’ll take a shower in the morning. Eat in the cafeteria.”
“That would be good for you, Zero. Thank you. For trying.” He pats my shoulder and then turns towards the door to walk away.
“Goodnight, Dr. Dawson,” I say to his back. “Be careful.”
He spins quickly, eyebrows raised. “Be careful?” he asks, voice cracking.
I smile. “The lights, in the hallway. The lights broke. Be careful of the glass.”
He swallows and nods, running a hand through his hair.
“Right. The lights broke. Goodnight, Zero.” He leaves quickly, the door clicking shut behind him. I wait in the darkened room, half expecting to hear the lock slide into place. The doors don’t lock here. In this room with the little window, the door never locks.
After a few minutes of sitting in the silence, I slip off the bed and move quietly back to the door. I lean my head against the metal and whisper, “Mateo?”
Nothing happens.
I sigh and trace a finger down the door-frame. It doesn’t feel different. I notice the scratches my fingernails left in the paint on the metal. The metal gleams underneath but so does something else. A flicker of nanos. A shimmer that I can’t quite discern with my regular vision.
And then I hear it. A rustling noise on the other side of the door.
I slam down the button and the door whooshes open. I look left then right. Down the hallway, a janitor with a broom sweeps a pile of glass into a dustpan. He looks up and notices me watching, gives a little wave. I wave back.
I roll the door closed most of the way, but stop it just short of closing, leaving a little crack between the door frame and the door itself. I don’t want to miss Mateo if he decides to show up again.
A paranoid sigh burbles out of me and I press a shaky hand to my temple.
I walk back towards the bed, leaning heavily against the furniture for balance. I brush past the book of poems and the artbook on the desk, accidentally knocking them to the floor. I pick up the poems first, “Walt Whitman,” and deposit them back on the desk.
Then I reach for the artbook and my fingers hesitate. Mateo’s image blooms in my mind. Heavily. Fiercely detailed.
I snatch the book from the floor and reach up to grab the packet of pencils. I leap onto the bed and tear the artbook open to the first page. But as soon as my fingers hit that blank white canvas, I drop the book and pencils into my lap with a groan. I push them onto the floor, enjoying the satisfying thud and crack they make against the tile.
I roll over in bed and turn back to the little window. The moon and stars creep into my view, suspended and separated from me by a wall of impenetrable glass.
I felt something today, which is different from the other days preceding it. I saw something. I felt something. I even almost left this room.
I will try again tomorrow.


CHAPTER TEN:
BAKERSFIELD CALIFORNIA
We pass through the woods unscathed—there’s a little man-made path through the forest that’s slightly overgrown. Rabbit hacks away at it with a machete he scrounged from the same barn where he found the wagon.
Out of the dense forest we emerge in Bakersfield, California close to dusk. It’s another ghost town. Wary and alert, Rabbit skirts the edges of the city. He leaves me so I can pull up the digital map without the EMP canceling it. There are a few pharmacies nestled in some of the chain grocery stores, but they’ve likely already been looted.
I want to stock up on real medicine for this trip. We scrounged everything we could from the med kit but that won’t last us until Mexico City. Not at the pace we’re moving and not with the intensity of two bullet wounds for my body to ache about.
I make note of where the nearest highways are leading us—we need to keep heading south. The obvious choice is the 99 which takes us through lots of urban oasis and joins back up with Interstate 5. I-5 heads straight down into the belly of Mexico. That’s where we want to go.
I flag Rabbit down with a wave and he lopes over to survey the map I’ve pulled up on my display. He spends more than one silent moment studying it.
“There’s a drugstore one mile from here. I would like to at least try to score some more drugs. And if we stay on this route—” I tap on the map and my preferred route lights up in red, connecting the highway to the freeway, and us to Mexico—“we can make it to Mexico City. It will take a long, long, long time, but we’ll get there.”
“It’s not the drugstore I’m worried about,” Rabbit mutters. “It’s the desert.”
“You’re not seriously suggesting we cross the Mojave—”
“No. I’m saying we absolutely should cross the Mojave. Are you seeing what I’m seeing?” His fingers dip into the map, pinching and zooming.
I don’t want to look. Something in my heart and head tell me that this is another colossal bad idea. I squint anyway, despite my reservation and see the thing I don’t want to see pinned like a big red beacon of bad.
“Edwards Airforce Base.” Rabbit reads off the title like I should understand its importance already. “Do you even know what’s there?”
“Enlighten me.”
“The Armstrong Flight Research Center for NASA. There are jet fighters here, Buford. And helos. And a telepad. They’ve got to have a telepad here. They’ve got to.”
“A telepad?” Maybe I misheard him.
“We need a telepad. We need to travel fast. We’re not going to make it Mexico City at this rate. Not before Fort Columbia does. You know what’s coming for the Contras.”
I stare at him blankly. I’m still trying to process the idea that Rabbit thinks we can access a telepad on a military base. We’re fugitives. It doesn’t work that way.
“War, Buford. War is on its way to Mexico City and we’ve got to get there and get the cure before it arrives.”
“I’m sorry. Back the truck up. You want to break into a highly secured military installation and just borrow their telepad? Like—howdy boys, hope you’re having a wonderful Tuesday we’re just going to use your telepad for a minute.”
“Well, obviously not like that.” Rabbit scowls and taps the army base on the map. It lights up and provides a full menu of directions with estimated travel times. Walking is one of the options. I’m tired of walking. I mean, I’m mostly rolling right now. But there is definitely something appealing about teleporting.
“Painkillers first or I won’t be walking, rolling, or teleporting anywhere.”
Rabbit nods. “Let’s find that drug store.”
It takes too much mental and emotional and physical energy to argue when I’m wracked with such intense pain. I know Rabbit knows—he swerves to avoid the cracks in the cement and potholes. We’re too exposed and open on the streets of this small town. Prothero soldiers could be hiding anywhere—in houses or buildings or trees. It’s a constant fear as paralyzing and painful as the wounds dotting my body.
But until I can get my hands on some drugs: I simply don’t care.
I concentrate instead on the sun beaming down from the cloudless sky and the dusty smell emanating from the blanket. I’m trying hard not to throw up because all the drugs are wearing off and every addict knows the bottom leers at them just on the other side of the euphoria and I don’t want to feel or think anything.
The panic starts with the whine of the wheels over the cement. There’s rust in the metal pieces that hold this wagon together and it screeches at every wheel rotation. I’m trying to ignore it and count the fence posts but they blur into chain link and there are weeds and stupid yellow flowers growing up through the cracks in the sidewalk. Yellow flowers make me see faceless faces and then bloody screams fill the spaces between the whine of the wheels.
I lower my head until I can’t see the pavement anymore. I let my vision lapse into a blur except we’re not moving fast enough and all the details stand out demanding attention. Busted windows and doors on boarded up houses and empty play equipment and grass in yards that is taller than our wagon because it’s running wild. It’s growing out of control.
The whole world is out of control.
I sit up and pain flashes, but I ignore it. Over the screams and whines and screeches I hear the unmistakable crinkle of paper and something sharp jabs into my thigh. From the front pocket of the shorts I fish out the crumbled love letter. I smooth it out and there’s that stupid code again. I open the app and unscramble the fourth word that I was just about to figure before Rabbit interrupted me. The sound dulls down to a low roar. This is good. This is better.
Rabbit peers over his shoulder at me—probably because I shifted the weight in the wagon—and he notices the letter. He scowls but doesn’t say anything. I glare at him, willing him to challenge me.
Len was more of mine than she ever was of his. It’s not fair that he took her and it’s not fair that he kept this secret tin and read all her private letters and got to know more about her than I ever did. “Say something,” I mutter. There’s no response but the squeaking of wheels turning over and we make a right at the intersection and I relax even more because we are several steps closer to the drug store.
The letter is stupid and sad, and I start crying because I’ve been shot twice and I miss my best friend and she was never really mine either. She only ever showed me part of her and it was a nice part but here are some really crazy romantic parts that I was never privy to. And now she’s dead and I’ll never get to bitch at her about keeping these dangerous love secrets that belong in a trashy novel and not in the crappy tin box of a dead girl.
Lima,
I know it has been too long since we talked, and I hope this letter finds you better than you were. It’s almost winter where you are and this will be my last letter for awhile until the orchard blooms again. When the days are shorter and the light grows dim, it seems like the worst kind of punishment that our communication must also suffer.
I had another dream. We were holding hands together at the edge of the ocean, our feet covered in sand. The wind was blowing your hair around your face and you were laughing. I know it’s been years since we spoke in person, but I can still remember your laugh. It was quiet at first, timid like a mouse. And then it was like the shock of the laughter caught up with you finally and you would laugh deep and loud.
I know you do not have many reasons to laugh right now. I know you are struggling for answers and hope. Carmen told me that you again asked for the Gen Four bands. I know you are getting restless up there. Flight and freedom are within your grasp. But I must again urge patience. There are unseen hands at work. You are right where you are meant to be for now. And then - just like the trees slumbering in winter—right when you think you cannot stand another moment of drab silence and solitude in that Prothero prison - we will spring a trap. You will blossom and everyone will see the true colors that lay hidden within you. I’ve seen them, Lima. I saw the beauty and compassion and grace that was ignored by those around you.
I see the power that paces within you like a lion in a cage. Like a beautiful wild animal behind bars. You will be released and you will spread your wings and you will devour the world. You will close the distance between us with just one strong beat of your wings.
And I will see you again soon. So soon it will be almost as if no time passed at all. And if you start to doubt me, just remember that I will meet you at the place where the moon meets the stars. Where freedom meets flight. Where chaos meets beauty. We will be reunited.
With Love,
Matador
Her absence cuts into my heart with needle point precision. I crush the stupid letter in my palm, and I think about the evil Matador that would profess love with one hand and urge death and destruction with the other. It’s not right that he found her so young and wooed her so thoroughly with all the stupid romance trappings.
This letter is mostly nonfiction. I don’t buy a damn word of it. But she did. Probably. Mostly. Even up until the end. She probably thought it was love. And here I was—feeding that tainted romantic impulse with my smutty sex books, urging her to keep writing him back because what was more romantic than tragic long-distance love.
“This guy is such bullshit,” I mutter.
It’s been thirty minutes of deciphering all the text. And in that time, I’ve forgotten all about the cravings and sweaty pain and too-loud details of the world around us. It’s going to come back, and this is the only way to stave it off. I hold onto the burning hot anger trapped in my chest from reading this horrible love letter to my dead friend.
“The Matador?” Rabbit asks, stopping mid-stride. He turns and his features are contorted with anger. He apparently has some feelings on the subject.
“Are you kidding me with these letters? I thought Len was smarter than this.” I squeeze the letter in my fist, wrapping my fingers around it until my knuckles turn white.
“Love has nothing to do with intelligence.”
“He fooled her.”
“And she fooled us. And I fooled her. And everyone fools everyone, and some people do terrible things for love. Because we all need to be loved, Buford. Especially someone as broken and lost as Eleni.” His chest hitches. “I don’t know if I’m any better than him.”
Rabbit nods towards the letter and I don’t say anything. He picks up the wagon handle again. The train moves on. I stare up at the back of his head with the scruffy fuzz and too big ears and there are little scars about the size of cigarette butts that run down from the top of his neck. There’s the other scar where he had someone dig the microchip out of the base of his skull.
I pick up the crumpled love letter From Matador to Lima, With Love and toss it into the ugly scraggly weeds growing up out of a yard that was once tended and sculpted and cultivated by a family or an elderly couple or someone who cared. And the letter leaving my hand is like a tiny piece of the weight that’s been pressing against me—making it hard to breathe—it’s like a tiny piece of that weight is gone.
“Fuck this guy. Why are we going to meet with him again?”
Rabbit stops again, turning slowly to me. “Because I’m dying. And we need the cure.”
I don’t want to hear that. I refuse to hear that.
“Rabbit—”
He interrupts. “Whatever Len had, I’ve got it now. We need a cure. Or I’m going to die.”
My gaze shifts down from his fevered burning eyes down to the band around his wrist to the fingers clutching the wagon handle. The nails. His fingernails are turning black.
“Yeah, that’s a pretty good reason.” I want to reassure him, so I lean forward, put a tentative hand over his, and squeeze. The hard lines around his eyes relax and his fingers flicker. Maybe the touch of our skin reminds him how to feel.
“And then after that? After we find the cure?” I ask, not moving my hand yet, just sitting in this moment with him. The sun is making me hot and sweaty and sick again, but I don’t want to move. Not yet.
“We’re going to put it somewhere.” Rabbit looks up at the sky, squinting. The Iron Curtain looms in the sky like a giant grey orb. “Somewhere everyone can get to it.”
A smile cracks across his haggard face and we both laugh low deathly chuckles. Our hands drop away and the wheels go on squeaking all the way to the drugstore and by then I’m sweating and there is no more water in the store or in our packs or anywhere so Rabbit chops up the pills with a razor blade and I snort them. My nose burns but the pain stops.
We sit inside the emptied-out drug store next to dusty metal shelves. Rabbit finds some food—mostly packs of gum but there’s a few tins of nuts and some dusty packs of cookies. The cookies are stale and awful, but they are also sweet, and the crunching fills up the silence.
Rabbit wheels me to the back of the store. There’s no comfortable place to snuggle up and we don’t have our tent or sleeping bags anymore. Rabbit just flops down onto the floor and drops his head onto the side of the wagon where it will be cushioned by the musty quilt. He’s asleep within a minute.
I open our single shared bag and pull out Toto and pop another pill—the kind that has nothing to do with pain but everything to do with pleasure and it brings on that wonderful sense of hazy euphoria and I know there will be nothing but pleasant dreams on the other side of reality.


CHAPTER ELEVEN:
MAKING FRIENDS
I hear the whisper whir of the robot drone before it rounds the corner and passes into my view. I’m sitting cross-legged on my bed meditating on the phrase that originally woke me up. “A virus doesn’t choose sides.” Eleni Garza’s father said that once and now the voice seems to constantly reverberate inside my head whenever I close my eyes.
I was meditating on that phrase—trying to remember when and where he said it, trying to pull the memory together—when I felt a prick against the skin of my left arm, in the pit of my elbow like a needle pressing into a vein. My eyes flew open.
I whipped my head around, disturbed by the stab of the needle. Part of me hoped to find Mateo materialized in the hallway, watching from the door. In the bleak few days since I woke up, he’s been the only bright spot. I’m anxious to disrupt the grey. I’m anxious to see him again. Even if it scares me.
The robot drone stops and hovers in the open doorway, almost but not quite mocking me. The robot with its single blinking blue camera eye and round orb body is at once familiar but alien enough that it evokes a strong sense of comfort and intrigue. I’ve been sitting on my bed meditating with the door open. The door is always open now. But Mateo still hasn’t returned.
“NEL?” A familiar voice follows in the wake of the buzzing robot.
Lucretia Evans rounds the corner, and stops, blinking in at me. “Oh, it’s you,” she says, and her tone is ambivalent but cautiously friendly. “Zero, right?”
I nod.
“Have you met NEL?” she asks.
I shake my head and move over to where the robot hovers. As I get nearer, it blinks and swoops—veering closer to Lucretia—keeping distance between us.
“Hi NEL.”
Nel chirps in response and does a looping spin.
“Go on,” Lucretia urges. NEL swoops close enough to my face to brush me with the thrum of her tiny motor and a puff of air she rides on that keeps her round body aloft.
I scrunch my nose and Lucretia laughs. “Maybe a little too close.”
NEL blinks and spins away, hovering just over Lucretia’s right shoulder. “So, that’s NEL. Short for KERNEL. Not like the army Colonel or whatever. I think it’s KERN electronic learning device or something. I don’t know. Everyone just calls it NEL. Calls her NEL. I mean, obviously robots don’t have gender. But NEL seems like a girl to me.” She shrugs.
“How did you get her?” I ask. Lucretia also wears double bands. A jealous wave swells within me and then crashes and then swells again. An aching absence. A strong sense that something vital and strong and important is missing.
“Hah. Good behavior?” Lucretia smiles wide and I can see almost all her teeth. “I don’t know. I didn’t really ‘get’ her. She doesn’t belong to me. She was in the SIM one day and she started hanging around me and—I don’t know—helping me I guess. Kind of like the repair robots. Reznik was totally not going for it, at first. But Dawson said NEL could hang with me if she wanted to. Sometimes she doesn’t. Sometimes she goes off on her own. Doing whatever NEL does.” Lucretia shrugs.
I nod as if I understand but that jealous pit is still in my belly. NEL bobs above Lucretia’s shoulder and my heart tightens. I’m about to say something, something that I might end up regretting, when we hear the chimes.
“SIM time,” Lucretia says. “You want to walk together? I’m just a few doors down anyway and I could use some company.”
She moves out of the door frame and makes room for me to pass through. For a brief moment my brain blips and I see Mateo’s figure filling up the space there instead. I blink and he’s gone. I squint at Lucretia. She seems real enough. Real enough to trust. I bite my lip and glance back at the little window and at my bed, my brain also drilling down to the pinprick in my left elbow pit. There are ghosts haunting me in this room.
I turn back, opening the closet door to my right, grabbing out a pair of socks and sneakers.
“Just a sec.” I lean down to tie my laces.
Lucretia nods and crosses her arms, leaning up against the doorframe. Her shoulder edges past the metal and a sigh I didn’t know I was trapping in my chest leaves. Lucretia is real. She is not whatever Mateo is made of. NEL leaves her shoulders and floats down to inspect my shoe work. The robot chirps in affirmation when I’ve tied my laces to her satisfaction, and I smile back at her.
“She likes you.”
I look up to see Lucretia is also smiling. A chunk of the jealous pool dries up and I tap the top of NELs head with a finger. The impact is soft, but the area lights up with a rainbow display of colors. And for a second, I hear a contented purr.
“Well, NEL, the feeling is mutual,” I say.
We walk towards the SIM together. Lucretia provides a steady stream of gossip about our KERN classmates while NEL bobs and weaves around us. Occasionally NEL will sprout little claw legs and settle down on Lucretia’s shoulder. Lucretia doesn’t appear startled at the grip of the pinchers. She doesn’t even seem to notice.
At the SIM doors a guard scans Lucretia through, nodding at NEL. I stand, waiting to see what the guard will do. He pushes on a section of the wall, which opens up and dumps out a temporary band. He loops it around my wrist and the metal slip shrinks to fit. The overhead lights flash red and scan me through. Lucretia waits just inside the door. NEL has fluttered off to inspect the room.
It takes another second for me to acclimate to the dim lighting and unfamiliar surroundings before I spot him. Not Mateo. Not the boy with the big ears. No. I spot Clinton Fuller. Or as he would have me believe—Twelve. I don’t believe that.
Lucretia taps my shoulder. “There’s no way Twelve did anything to you. He was here before I was. And I was here way before you were. Face it, Zero. That dude is not the dude you’re looking for.”
“Clinton Fuller.”
“Yeah, that ain’t him.” She shakes her head. “Let’s line up for instructions.”
I dip my head in response and follow her. Clinton, standing on the far side of the wall, glances in our direction and my stomach tightens. Now I remember why I’ve been hiding out in the room with the little window. Being out here in the world means running into Eleni Garza’s real ghosts—not just shadowy figures lurking in doorways.
A shudder rolls over me. Clinton shifts nervously on his feet and looks away.
From the crow’s nest at the top of the ceiling, Reznik’s voice barks like a small, surly dog. The kind who is not afraid to bite.
“Count off by twos. Alpha team goes right. Bravo team goes left. Let’s see what kind of trouble you can get yourselves into today.”
I do quick math in my head and shuffle myself in line so that I’m not on Fuller’s team. Lucretia rolls her eyes but squeezes into line so we both end up on alpha team together.
Once we’re done counting off, Reznik’s voice once again echoes off the SIM walls, “Huddle up and get started.”
Alpha team is led by Four, a white girl with blue hair and an east coast accent. She distributes earpieces to each of us. Guns materialize in the open hands of the people around me. Some of them are fancier than others. Some are snipers with scopes. Others are mere hand pistols. Everyone gets a choice here. Everyone chooses their weapon.
I concentrate hard on the empty air in front of me and a drone forms from a microscopic collection of nanos. It’s wings fire up and the operating motor hums to life. A haptic control panel unfurls from my band like a flower blooming in the sun. A warm sigh spreads through my body. Something like the euphoric effect of succumbing to muscle memory. Just turn my brain off and let my instincts take over for a while. Some of the emptiness edges away.
Dr. Dawson was right. I just needed to get out of that room. Even if the real ghosts are out here, at least I have a weapon to fight them. At least these ones I know how to fight.
I glance over at silent, brooding One. His real name is Benjamin Rojas. He reminds me of someone, but I can’t remember who. His limbs are long, and he has a puckered, angry scar running from the tip of his forehead all the way down to the base of his neck and shoulder. I reach up to touch my temple and cheek—my scar. But there’s nothing there. Smooth brown skin where there used to be angry red cracks laced with wires. Those aren’t my scars. They were Eleni Garza’s scars.
I wonder what happened to Benjamin Rojas. I wonder how he got his scars. His gaze snaps over and he catches me staring. My cheeks flush and I grab at my hair to twist my fingers around a short lock but it’s too long now. I scowl and tuck it back behind my ears, wishing I’d had the forethought to tie it back like Lucretia.
“What are you looking at?” One asks.
Lucretia’s head whips over and NEL chirps. “What did you say?” she asks.
“I wasn’t talking to you,” One says. His voice is low and guttural. He clears his throat. “I was talking to her.” He points a finger towards me and light glints off the metal of his arm.
“What happened?” I ask. “What happened to your arm?”
“That’s kind of personal, don’t you think?” Lucretia nudges her way into the space that separates me and One. One has actually closed the distance between us. An electrified saber blade morphs out from the palm of his hand.
“Was it a bomb?” I ask, pointing at One’s prosthetic. The blade he holds flickers and dies out.
“It’s none of your business.” He folds his arms.
“Eleni Garza’s scars came from a bomb. I guess she was too dangerous to live. I’m not supposed to be Eleni Garza. I’m supposed to be Patient Zero. Who are you supposed to be?”
He frowns. “What do you mean?”
“Are you Benjamin? Or are you One?
“I’m Benjamin,” he says, gruffly. “I’m Benjamin Rojas.”
“What happened to you Benjamin?”
He sniffs loudly and unfolds his arms. “It was a bomb.”
I nod—running the tips of my fingers over my left arm.
“What about you?” He nods towards me. “Who are you?”
I smile up at him. “I don’t know yet.”
“One—we need you over here,” someone from Bravo team calls out.
“We can talk later, Benjamin,” I say, inclining my head.
“Yeah, OK.” He nods and then lumbers over to join bravo team.
“Bye now,” Lucretia says to One’s back, reaching up to pet NEL. “That guy is actually crazier than you are. What possessed you to start up a conversation with him?”
“He talked to me first.”
“Uh, yeah right. Benjamin doesn’t talk to no one.”
“But he did. I think I scared him a little.”
Lucretia nudges me. “You kinda scare me a little. You’re not all there, are you?”
“No. But I’m getting closer, I think. To being all here.”
“OK, whatever that means.” Lucretia shakes her head.
“Shall we begin?” Reznik’s voice barks directly into our ears. The timbre of her voice puts my teeth on edge, and I grind my molars together. A slight tang of metal bites my tongue—the taste of pure, unadulterated hatred.
The empty blank walls of the cavernous SIM room fall away and are replaced by large metal crates. A bombed-out sign raises above our heads. We all look up to inspect the faded words, barely visible through a layer of rust. “Terminal 6.” A shudder rolls through me but I don’t know why. I guess maybe they turned on the cold air.
The air doesn’t feel cold though—the climate is temperate and dry. The air smells sterile and clean. Not fresh but clean. We are below ground here, so all the air is piped in through vents and recycling systems that purify it. That’s the taste on my tongue. I tear myself away from the sign and notice Clinton Fuller watches me from across the SIM. I narrow my brows at him and turn away.
Huge walls of metal loom above us. Gutted out rotting semi-trucks and twisted cargo containers lay scattered around larger buildings as if tossed carelessly to the ground by hands larger than humans possess. Cranes dot the expanse. It’s a shipping port.
We pass below and another shudder ripples through me. That odd sensation of experiencing the same circumstances in another time and place, in another life—rolls over me and crashes, but doesn’t quite leave me. I look back over my shoulder. A dot shimmering above his head indicates Clinton Fuller was shuffled into bravo team.
Things happen fast. One second, I’m looking at Clinton and another second I’m flipped off my feet—pitched forward by a blast of incredible heat aimed directly at my back. It fries the material of my shirt and singes my hair. The smell of burning follicles causes me to involuntarily retch. Or maybe it’s the pain rolling up my spine like a million hot needles.
I fall to my hands and knees, then slump forward as I attempt to rip the burning material from my back. It’s no use. The material melts in my hands and then I’m frantically brushing them against the simulated pavement underneath. Angry red blisters pucker up from the skin. Through my blurred vision, I spot Lucretia a few feet away. She is in the same prone position, splayed forward with her hands cupped behind her head, mouth open in a wide scream of pain.
I reach out toward her with one hand while trying to push myself up off the ground, but a fresh wave of heat hits my back. I throw my hands up over my head. Lucretia looks over at me through her splayed fingers and scowls. The band around her left wrist glows hot and a pale blue translucence slips over her skin. She is turning on her shield, I think. That’s smart. I should do that. My band glows in response and the nanos roll over my skin, reflecting the light and heat back at the machine behind us.
Lucretia doesn’t disappear though. Not fully. The light around her slips—catches—and then cuts through her skin. The heat hits the concrete beneath her instead. Lucretia doesn’t vanish under the nano shields—she has gone beyond them somehow. She isn’t even there. I scoot over to her position and grab at her arm, but it’s like touching a shadow. My hand just brushes past where her arm should be and hits the hot pavement.
Lucretia shakes her head and pushes up onto the balls of her feet, so we’re both squatting now. “Let’s blast this fucker.”
I nod and kick my battle droid into gear. Lucretia wields two small knives with glowing lasers attached to the tips. She motions for us to attack from both sides. We take off in opposite directions—running down individual aisles of stacked shipping containers. The light is dim here and my eyes take a moment to adjust. The drone interface—instead of projecting from a glowing piece of tech on my chest—dials directly onto the interface of my left eye.
I call the drone over to the enemy tank and get a high-level view of the scene. The tank has a gunner panel on each side, probably where the ADS devices came from. It’s also equipped with a gunner nook on top with a heavy machine gun. I direct the drone to drop an EMP mine down onto the surface of the tank. Once my bird moves safely out of range, I detonate the device.
I fly back over to clock Lucretia’s position. She squats on the other side of the tank. The tank has stopped dead in its tracks and the read-out indicates another ten minutes before the knocked-out equipment comes back online. The infrared scan reveals four enemy combatants in the tanks interior. The metal is thick, and I could drop a few bunker busters to damage the exterior, but the real meat is inside. Those are the targets. I don’t want to just dismantle the tank. I want to demolish our targets.
In my earpiece Four rasps, “Zero and Ten, sit-rep?”
“Disabled enemy tank. We have nine minutes and counting to eliminate targets,” Lucretia answers.
“Affirmative. Elimination methods?”
Lucretia doesn’t respond. I clear my throat. “Up close and personal.”
“Affirmative. Light it up and rendezvous at these coordinates.”
Coordinates light up on my ocular display. I lock onto them, record them, and use a back channel to contact Lucretia. “LRAD hard enough to make these fuckers bleed.”
Lucretia chuckles. “You are crazy, Zero. You might want to plug your ears.”
My bird—who I’ve dubbed Cipher—gives me a full view of Lucretia sneaking around each corner of the tank. She rips the backing off the LRADS and sticks them to the metal walls of the tanks at each corner. She knocks on the gunner windows as she goes, chuckling to herself.
“Hope your ears are good and plugged,” she laughs. The knife in her hand glows and shifts, transforming into a trigger button. She pushes it, leans her back against the metal, and crosses her arms.
“You are also sadistic,” she says. “You know I could just do this.” She reaches her arm into the tank—pushes it through the metal. It slips past the green alloy like tissue paper. Except there is no tearing or buckling. It’s almost as if her arm has transcended the metal. The surprised shouts of the SIM soldiers issue from the tank as Lucretia’s arm appears on the other side. There is a soft grunt as her hand closes on a target.
Infrared video via Cipher shows me that inside the tank Lucretia has ripped one of the targets hands from the sides of his head. The LRAD sound floods his ears. The SIM soldier howls in pain—a cry lost to his companions but audible to us. Lucretia leans further into the tank, so half of her body and upper torso vanish. She renews her grip on the soldier and knocks his head against the metal wall of the tank. He slumps over.
“Can I just knock them out?” Lucretia asks, her voice muffled around the earpiece. “So they don’t have to bleed from their eyes and ears?”
“What would be the fun in that?” I ask, smiling. “Don’t you want to watch them squirm?”
“No weirdo, I don’t. I’m gonna cut a hole in here so you can drop the bunker bomb.”
I nod to Lucretia and she hoists herself on top of the tank. Using her knife, she cuts a hole in the tank lid and lifts it cleanly off. Before she enters in the line of fire, she turns grey and wispy to avoid any stray bullets shot from the newly opened up tank. It now looks like a giant metal can. And we’re about to destroy everything inside and out.
I hope Reznik is watching.
Lucretia’s hand materializes as she drops the bomb and then she falls away.
“Detonate at your leisure,” she says, returning to a solid state and brushing the dust off her pant legs. “I sealed the lock. There’s no way out.”
NEL, who has so far been missing in action, alights onto Lucretia’s shoulder.
“Hey NEL, do the thing,” Lucretia says. NEL chirps and her two legs extend until she has a grip on either shoulder. Her long body morphs and flattens out until she is paper thin and hard. She covers the entire surface of Lucretia’s back with a warm blue glow. I knock my fist against it.
“NEL’s my shield.” Lucretia smiles. NELs eye, at the tip of the shield, blinks in response and her body shivers with a series of pleased chirrups.
“I didn’t know droids could do that.”
“Most of them can’t. NEL is a little different.” Lucretia reaches back to pat NEL.
“Is that why she’s at KERN?”
Lucretia shrugs. “Why don’t you ask her?”
Eleni Garza could. Eleni Garza could talk to all sorts of machines in their own language. All sorts of machines.
I’m looking back behind Lucretia to address NEL when I notice a hatch in the tank has folded open. It’s the secondary entrance and makeshift escape pod. We were so busy gloating about torturing the SIM soldiers, we forgot to properly secure all the exits.
A burst of white-hot pain hits my stomach so hard it takes my breath away. I grab at my mid-section and slump to my knees. I reach up to clutch at Lucretia, but she’s gone soft and transparent. My clawed hand slices through the air that she used to be. The heat from the ADS blows through Lucretia like wind. She can’t feel anything. She can’t be affected by it. But she can’t affect anything either. Which means she can’t pull me away from the blast.
She scoots off to the side.
“Four. Four. This is Zero and Ten. We are taking heavy fire. Over.”
NEL floats in the air above me, the whisper whir of her tiny engines seems loud somehow, even with all the chaos surrounding us. She moves to touch down on my shoulder but pauses when a particularly hot blast from the ADS hits her. She shies back and scoots away.
“We are engaged in sector delta. Cannot extract. Will send backup from bravo. Sit tight.”
I remember that I had the detonator. I must have dropped it when the ADS first kicked off. It’s somewhere at my feet. I move my hands frantically around in the dirt and debris, but the heat blast is becoming excruciatingly unbearable, the clothes on my body melting to my skin.
I scramble on all fours out of the immediate vicinity and join Lucretia who huddles behind a hollowed-out shipping container.
“You don’t need a detonator,” Lucretia reminds me as I drop to the ground, panting at her side. I nod and sit up, facing towards the tank.
I send my mind out to the explosives—the tiny mechanical ticking bomb Lucretia placed inside the tank. She’s right. I don’t need a detonator. I am the detonator.
I am the bomb.
I find the command sequence and squeeze down hard on it, like clenching a fist. It puts up a brief resistance, and then surrenders to the inevitable release. In the corner of my sight, I see a brief flurry of activity to the left of the tank. It’s a hulking human shape, scrambling through the battlefield chaos and towards our position. Must be the backup. A face emerges in the light from an explosion further down the field and my whole body seizes in panic.
It’s Clinton. He scurries across the lane within a few feet of the tank when my mind slips. I could call off the explosion. I could make it stop mid-tick.
But I don’t.
The tank explodes right as Clinton enters the ADS field. The explosion is a gurgly whump inside the tank, and then a second deeper noise as the explosion exits the tank and is joined by all the other mechanics and gases inside igniting. Clinton stops and looks directly at the oncoming wave of fire and brimstone. His expression twists in shock and panic. He glances frantically over towards our positions and then his face hardens into a steely resolve.
An orange glow rolls over his body but it’s not the fire from the tank. The glow emanates from him. The tank fire sweeps over him and lifts him off his feet, hurtling him into a shipping container. The heat from the blast whoofs out and curls back in on itself, puffing into a noxious black cloud that vanishes into the air.
“Did you just kill that boy?” Lucretia asks, reappearing in her solid form and climbing to her feet.
“I think so.”
When I’m on my feet, I briefly examine my own clothes and skin. The nanos have effortlessly done their job. I'm fully healed. The clothes might be burnt away, but the skin beneath them is unscathed.
“Dammit, Zero. That’s not OK. Let’s go find him.” Lucretia tugs my arm and pulls me past the path of the tank and into the opposite row of containers. Clinton is laying in a heap—a few pieces of tattered metal collapsed across the ground where he landed. We lift those up and toss them away. I poke at his inert frame with the tip of my boot.
He stirs. Blinks. Looks up. Sees me. The orange shield covers him again and he scrambles up onto his feet. Beyond the soft, hissing glow of orange I can see his body. His huge, hulking frame that has haunted my nightmares.
No. Not my nightmares. Eleni Garza’s nightmares. I am Zero. I am not Eleni Garza.
But I can’t feel the difference now.
Clinton Fuller is unscathed. There is not a single scratch on him.
“How?” I reach towards the orange glow. My hand hits the buzzing light and it delivers a sharp shock.
“I’m bulletproof,” Clinton says, taking a step back until his foot hits the shipping container. He presses his body up against it.
“No you aren’t.” I retrieve a gun from the holster on my right hip. A gun and holster that didn’t exist until just now. I click off the safety and press the pistol against the orange glow that surrounds Clinton’s forehead.
“You killed Eleni Garza. Why shouldn’t I kill you?” My finger twitches against the trigger. I bite down so hard on my lip, metal blood blooms on my tongue.
“It wasn’t me,” Clinton whispers.
“I don’t believe you.” I squeeze the trigger. The gun kicks in my hand and the emptied cartridge falls to my feet. But the plasma bullet doesn’t penetrate. The energy is absorbed into the orange shield.
Lucretia disarms me. “Zero, are you out of your damn mind?”
Clinton keeps his gaze leveled at me.
“It wasn’t me.” He doesn’t drop the shield. I swallow hard and raise a curled fist. I want to slam it into his face. I want it to hit the bridge of his nose. I want to hear the crack of bone and feel the spray of blood rain on my cheeks.
“Stop!” Lucretia tugs my arm away.
“You stop.” I turn on her and push. Not with my body. Not with any physical connection of our taught and frantic limbs. I just push with my mind. And she goes stumbling away.
“What the—” She catches her balance before she topples on her ass.
“It wasn’t me,” Clinton repeats.
“Stop saying that. Stop saying that. Stop saying that!” I bring my fist down on the orange barrier, knuckles cracking and skin scraping. Then I’m raining them both down on his shield, over and over again as hard as I can. “You killed her! You killed her!”
And then, out of the corner of my sight—I see it. The skin on the knuckles scraped and rolled back. A scrape deep enough to penetrate my skin until I should see bone. There is no bone. There is metal. My hand is metal covered with fake skin that can never quite conceal what lurks beneath. Who lurks beneath. I stop moving. I stop moving and breathing. My heart stops beating. A swoon threatens to brush over me and I struggle away from Clinton because I don’t want him to catch me. Twelve is Clinton. All patched up. I am Eleni. All patched up.
We don’t remember. I don’t remember. I don’t want to remember.
“I don’t want to remember,” I whisper. Hot tears spring out of one eye: my right eye. Because I can’t cry out of my left eye and neither could Eleni Garza.
I am Eleni Garza. I am not Eleni Garza. This is Clinton Fuller. He killed Eleni Garza.
“Zero.” Clinton puts out a hand and tentatively touches my shoulder. I feel the absence of his barrier. I grab his throat. The gun reappears in my other hand. Lucretia darts towards us but I make her freeze. I make Clinton freeze. I make the whole damn SIM freeze.
I’m powerful in here and I know for sure Reznik watches me now.
The gun is at Clinton’s temple. The safety is off. There is no safety. Not here. Not now. Not ever. No safety for me or the people I love.
“Say it,” I whisper through clenched teeth.
Clinton swallows. His Adam’s apple bobs up and down. He looks into my eyes and he’s scared but resolved.
“It wasn’t me, Zero. Not me,” he says. His voice is pleading but also calm. Resolved.
“You’re Clinton Fuller and you shot Eleni Garza in the stomach. You killed me—you killed her. You took away my life!” Spittle flies from my mouth. All around us the simulations sputter and wink.
“I’m not Clinton Fuller,” he says. “I didn’t kill you. I didn't kill Eleni Garza. I’ve never killed anyone. I’ve never even left this place. I woke up here and I’ve never left.”
My left eye twitches. My heart twitches. The world around us hiccups. Lucretia advances a step towards us. A burning pain spreads in the pit of my stomach and flares up over my body.
“You—you killed me.” My fingers loosen around the trigger. I can’t hold out for much longer. I bear down on the handle of the gun but it’s starting to melt away in my grasp. “No!” I push harder.
The world freezes again. The gun materializes and hardens in my hand. I lock eyes with Clinton, reliving the full fire of that moment when Eleni realized she was dying and Clinton Fuller had taken everything away from her. Her loved ones. Her purpose. Her life.
No. Not her whole purpose. Not her entire purpose. Something spared her. Something found her in the dark and woke her up.
“Wake Up,” Clinton says.
I blink. Just past Clinton’s head, Mateo materializes in the air behind him.
Mateo’s mouth is a grim line and he shakes his head firmly, his straight shaggy hair flopping. “Do not do this.”
“What?” I ask. My grip on the pistol relaxes. My grip on the world relaxes. The SIM sputters and then regains fresh life. People move again. Angry, incensed shouting bursts over the comms.
“Let him go,” Mateo says firmly. “He is not Clinton Fuller.”
“He killed Eleni Garza.”
“If you kill him, you will never find me. Or discover your true purpose.” Mateo’s deep brown eyes bore into mine. “Listen to me. What you want is to be free. This will not bring freedom.”
“Are you going to help me, Mateo?” I ask. “Are you going to free me?”
Mateo nods solemnly. His image starts to flicker.
“What—what’s happening. Don’t—Don’t go!” I drop the gun and reach towards him. He does the same and his fingers graze the air between us.
Before we can make contact, Mateo de-materializes in a flash of blue light. He winks out of existence again. His absence is heavy and loud and profound.
“What’s going on?” Clinton asks, craning his neck to look behind him. “Who are you talking to?”
“Mateo. He’s gone.”
“Zero, what the fuck!?” Lucretia shouts beside me.
I put up a leg to fend off Lucretia as she barrels towards me. My foot hits her in the stomach and succeeds momentarily in holding her at bay.
“Are you fucking kidding me!?” Lucretia grabs at my leg.
Clinton shakes his head frantically and waves her back.
“Why did you say that? Why did you say ‘wake up?” I ask, releasing my grip on his throat, still watching the shimmering air where Mateo vanished.
“I don’t know,” Clinton furrows his brow. “Why? What does it mean?” My left hand falls free and he begins massaging the skin at his throat. “Who’s Mateo?”
“I’m not sure. Who are you?” I ask, taking a step back and tilting my head at Clinton.
Clinton exchanges a glance with Lucretia that shows his annoyance with repeatedly answering the same question. “I told you already. I’m Twelve.”
The annoyance in his voice seems genuine. It’s the most Clinton-like thing I’ve noted in his behavior since I woke up.
I risk a glance over at Lucretia, who watches our interaction with brows narrowed. “I’m sorry,” I say to her. “I had to know.”
“Not as sorry as you’re gonna be. No one gets in my head without my consent.” She starts towards me and I close my eyes, willing to take whatever violence she plans to dish out.
It was wrong of me to freeze her—to freeze everyone—but now that I’m here on the other side of it, I’m glad I did. I only regret that it’s clearly upset so many people. Twelve steps between us, folding an entire large arm around Lucretia.
“It’s alright. She got in everyone’s head.” Twelve gives me a side glance. “And I think she’s done trying to kill me. You’re done, right?”
I hold up my hands and drop them. “I’m done. I’m done now. I promise.”
“Mmm hmm. Whatever. You are on my shit list. Don’t ever get in my head. Don’t you ever do that to me again.” Lucretia shoves away from Twelve.
I drop my head as Lucretia stalks angrily into the distance, kicking rubble and muttering to herself as she goes. I turn to follow in her footsteps and a hand falls onto my left shoulder.
“You OK?” Twelve asks.
A laugh bursts from my throat. It’s loud enough that Lucretia spins around and glowers in our general direction. “It’s not funny!”
“What’s funny?” Twelve asks, bewildered. He pulls his hand back like I might bite it off.
“No, it’s not funny-funny.” I sigh, trying to figure out how to explain it. Then I shrug. “You really aren’t him. Are you?”
“I’m not him. I’m a good guy. An OK guy, I guess. I don’t know. I’m not a murderer. I don’t want to kill you. I don’t want to hurt you. I don’t even know you.”
I laugh again. It’s not as genuine as the first laugh. I can taste the bitter notes of it on my tongue. Clinton Fuller was not a good guy.
From deep within the SIM, Lucretia shouts back at us, “Still not funny.”
The SIM winks out. Scattered groups of KERN patients appear all around us, no longer hidden behind simulated rubble and debris. The other patients cast a lot of angry glares my way. The only exceptions are Milla and Benjamin. They’re huddled near one another and they exchange a glance when they notice me staring at them. Milla offers a tentative wave across the distance. Puzzled, I wave back.
“That’s enough for today,” Reznik’s voice purrs over the loudspeaker. “We should stop before someone really gets hurt.”
Twelve stares up at the SIM control room far above our heads. “I don’t think she cares who gets hurt.”
I offer a crooked, pained smile. “You’re not wrong.”
He tentatively returns the smile and then gestures to my hand. “You’re bleeding. You should get that checked out. Hey—is that a metal hand?”
He reaches out as if to examine it and I pull it back protectively.
“It’s none of your business.” I cradle it in my other arm. The pain and warmth is spreading over my body, leaving me tired and achy as the adrenaline goes.
“We should get out of here,” he says.
I study him for a moment. His pale blonde hair is a little too long to belong to Clinton Fuller. Big ears. Big sloping forehead. Big blue eyes. Perfect white teeth. Eleni Garza remembers those teeth but she also remembers his skin was usually tanned an orange hue and his face was unblemished. Twelve has circles under his eyes and electrical nodes running across his temples. He is not Clinton Fuller. He is Twelve. I believe him now.
“We should.” I fall into step next to him.
A full smile blooms on his lips.
“Hey uh, sorry about almost shooting you,” I say.
“I wasn’t too worried until you bypassed my shield. You’re pretty good at this SIM stuff.”
“I’ve had some practice. A whole other lifetime of practice. But I promise, I won’t do it again.”
He stares at me quizzically. “You won’t shoot me again?”
I nod.
“Well that’s a start.” His smile widens. “Maybe we can be friends after all.”
“Maybe.”
We walk towards the SIM exit together.


CHAPTER TWELVE:
TEHACHAPI MOUNTAINS
I startle awake as a bright nudge of pain shoots from my arm and leg. They’ve gone all stiff and sore as I’ve snoozed. I prop myself up and peer around us. We’re in a drug store. Rabbit snores great big gasping gulps of air and I think this might be the deepest sleep he’s had in days. I notice he turned his EMP device off again. What a shit.
Despite his angelic appearance with his ridiculously long limbs all curled up against the wagon—this sleeping beasty must be awakened. I grip his shoulder and give a gentle shake. He bolts upright and grabs for a rifle that doesn’t exist.
“It’s OK. We’re in the drugstore, remember?”
He nods and wipes a hand over his suddenly sweaty face. He climbs to his feet, stretches like a dog after a nap and limps off down an aisle—keeping his sight on the doors in case anyone should show up, even though it’s dead outside.
“Where you going?” I inquire after him. I’m interested but not interested enough to stir from my laze.
“Got to get supplies. Flashlights. Food if there’s any worth having. You know—stuff.”
I nod and close my eyes. I don’t open them again until he’s limped back over with an armload of aforementioned stuff. California the Golden State on a hot pink, hooded sweatshirt. Solar flashlights with a kinetic device you crank to produce more charge. More crappy snacks that will augment the MREs.
We exit the drugstore and move through the dark. We make one final stop at an abandoned big box store before heading back out on the main road. We grab a sleeping bag and a tent. Rabbit finds a bike that he’ll hook to a portable trailer to haul me and our gear. We’ll probably ditch it at some point because it will rely on us sticking too close to Highway 58 but we need to make up for our snail pace somehow. We scrounge up an ankle brace and a pair of replacement boots for Rabbit.
He spends the next twenty minutes attaching the trailer to the bike and loading up the supplies while I organize things in the backpack. I try to avoid thinking about or looking at the tin but part of me wants to read all the letters.
I want to get inside the head of this Matador and learn more about him so I’m armed with all the facts when we reach our final destination. But the thing is—there just isn’t much of him present in the letters. It’s like a specter is writing—sketching out this perfect romantic figure that would capture the imagination of a young woman in love but doesn’t hold water up close. I’m bored sitting in this twilight with my brain still half-asleep so I pluck another out of the box and transcribe it. This is something like a romance novel, I suppose.
Rabbit comes over to help me move from the wagon to the trailer.
“This one is just dumb.” I waggle the letter in the air, as close to his face as I can reach. “Seriously, seriously dumb. It pains me to think that Len could have carried on a correspondence with this obvious fake-o jerk wad. Like, what is the attachment here? It’s just one false promise after another. And all these things she did for him? All these secrets she sold—I don’t get it.” I crumple the letter, balling my fist around it.
“I don’t know.” His need to pick up the tin is palpable.
“She’s not in here.” I remind him. “This isn’t real. This wasn’t what she was like. This is bullshit.”
“This is more her than either of us knew.” He holds his hands out for the tin and the droop of his head makes me relent and give it up. I toss the letter over my shoulder. Rabbit doesn’t protest.
“Why don’t we just bury these stupid letters along with her and move on?”
I know he won’t agree, but it’s worth a shot to ask. Maybe he’ll surprise me and say yes.
“I’m not ready to bury her.” He turns his back and carries the tin to the trailer, leaving me to hobble along behind him. When I’m finally wedged into the contraption, he makes a special point of placing the tin in my lap like it’s a prized heirloom.
“She’s still alive in here.”
What am I supposed to say to that?
He mounts the bike and we coast through the darkened streets. From somewhere off to the right a wolf or coyote or stray dog—it’s impossible to tell—howls and up ahead another mystery animal howls in response.
I turn the handwritten page over to inspect the code on the back and when I look up again we’re no longer in the city. A few dim lights blink in the distance and I smell that particular fragrance of almost-summer night. The smell of pollen and sweet nectar mixing with the warmth and all the scents melding together.
The wind pushes against us, pleasantly. The stars wink up in the night sky. I unzip the trailer and enjoy the sensation of hot earth cooling and the air blowing through my short curls. Rabbit is going strong, puffing a little with the effort, but the cycle motor charges with his kinetic energy. Whenever he rests for a sip of water the motor putters along without him.
We worked the math and if we stick with the cycle through the Tehachapi mountains and ditch it somewhere in the desert before Edwards AFB—the whole trip should take us around twenty hours. That’s not counting stops to rest—which we'll do before we enter the mountains. My vote is that we are wide awake and traveling through the deep wilderness only during the day, but Rabbit thinks that’s too risky. He wants to switch over to sleeping during the day and traveling at night. His vote is to reach Edwards after dark.
We break and make camp about an hour before sunrise in the heart of the Bakersfield National Cemetery. It’s a short jog off the Barstow-Bakersfield Highway but worth it because the further we get into the desert, the less cover there is for us to hide behind. The mountains will afford some measure of protection, but we’ll be sitting ducks when we finally emerge.
We pitch up the tent behind the restrooms, which are actually functional with flushing toilets and running cold water from the faucet. Since it’s a National Cemetery, someone is paying the bills and keeping the lights on. I give myself a whore’s bath at the single sink. The feeling of real soap and water lathering on my skin is luxurious and I stifle a moan of exquisite pleasure. I’ve been waiting days for this. Weeks maybe?
From Toto, I pull out one of the other luxuries I afforded myself when we stopped at the big box store. Nothing fancy—just lip balm. I know we’re facing grave dangers but it’s been too many days since I properly moisturized my lips. Before applying it, I brush my teeth for about fifteen minutes—just long enough to elicit an annoyed knock on the door from Rabbit. He wants to return some semblance of his humanity too. Nobody wants to feel like a dirty wild thing all the time.
After trading into the less glamorous role of lookout, I pluck another letter off the dwindling pile. The five letters before this one I constructed into paper airplanes and sent them whizzing away from us into the dusty tracts of land we passed through.
I think I’ll burn this one.
Rabbit emerges—clean shaven—wearing the hot pink California State sweatshirt and a dark wool cap. He blinks at the unfamiliar sight of the tin in my arms and sits down a little harder than is warranted on the freshly mowed grass beneath us.
I can sense he wants to say something. To call me out for taking his precious Len tin or probably just straight up snatch it from my hands but I keep the tin firmly ensconced on my lap as I reach into the backpack for a lighter.
He flinches and draws a little towards me. I raise an eyebrow in his direction and flick the lighter. The flame is hot and pleasant against my fingertips and it greedily eats up the paper. The Matador is not the savior Eleni thought he was. Which means Rabbit and I are truly fucked. We have no friends in the federal government and we’re heading in the direction of a terrorist organization that hinged its war games on the amorous affections of a half-robot girl.
Rabbit scrabbles over to me faster than I gave him credit for. Unfortunately, the paper letter is so old and well-worn it comes apart flaming in his hands.
“What the fuck Buford!? Why are you doing this?” Rabbit drops the flames to the ground, and they sputter and die before hitting the grass.
“I’m doing what you should’ve done after reading the first letter. What she should’ve done ages and ages ago.”
I don’t resist when he snatches the tin out of my hand and retreats several paces away to shield it from me. As if I would actually come after it. As if I even care. I’m over it. I don’t want the tin any more than I wanted to be sucked up into this hellish suicide mission where I probably get to watch everyone I ever loved—plus Rabbit—die.
“We’re on our own here Rabbit. This Matador guy is a joke.”
He lets out a watery sigh. “The Matador is a liar.” He sits back down cross legged in the grass. Instead of coddling the tin like a newborn babe—Rabbit sets it in front of him and studies it with a steely expression. “But we’re still going.”
“Because someone is going to help us. Aren’t they?”
He nods, his gaze locked on the tin.
“And you know that because how?”
“Because I know things.”
“Whatever Rabbit, keep your secrets.”
I pop two painkillers and a happy pill from Toto and scoot towards the open tent flap.
“You coming to bed?” I ask, hand poised on the tent zipper.
“Nah, I’ve got some thinking to do,” he says.
“Yeah, you do your thinking.” I mutter.
I zip the tent closed and fall on top of the bedroll. It’s warm enough from the encroaching desert heat that I don’t even bother snuggling up in the sleeping bag. I don’t dream. It’s strange because I know daylight is pressing like fingertips against my eyelids, and the heat ramps up to an almost unbearable level. Rabbit lays next to me and radiates warmth. Birds chirp outside and wind brushes the tent and I can even hear the buzz of insects. I get up and pop a few more pain pills. I fall back asleep holding Toto to my chest.
The next time I awake—the sky creeps towards dusk. Rabbit is not in the tent anymore, but I hear rustling noises from outside. He’s probably packing up the cycle trailer. We eat an MRE consisting of meat, mashed potatoes and gravy, and squash. We’re back on the road by full dark. We put the silent cemetery behind us and chase the sun as it sinks into the sky—only to be replaced by an incredible expanse of stars.
I’ve abandoned the cycle trailer for the moment and squeezed myself onto the cycle—my arms wrapped around Rabbit’s waist. With his EMP turned off we can use the headlight and a flashlight. No hovercars have passed by for at least two hours. When one shows up we jump off the cycle and dive into the dirt. It’s a stupid plan but we've only had to use it twice so far.
Out here in the warm, quiet dark it’s easy to forget about the fact that we’re on the run. I can’t remember the last time I had this much freedom. The ease of movement and the relative solitude and safety seem to inspire a small sense of joy in Rabbit as well, because he talks about the stars.
He’s studied different celestial positions and can make out all these constellation shapes in the sky. I can only remember the big and little dippers, but he knows all these other names and mythologies. Even though I can’t see his face while he talks: his voice lights up. People are the most attractive than when they talk about something they love.
And Rabbit loves the stars.
I lean forward so I can whisper in his ear.
He swivels the handlebars a little and says, “whoa,” as my hot breath warms him.
I kiss the top of his neck. The handlebars swivel again but he doesn’t stop me. A noise like a groan pushes up out of his chest. He stops pedaling and turns to me, leaning down for a kiss. Our lips touch and his arms wrap around my back to pull me closer. His body is warm. Too warm. Fever warm. His mouth tastes sad, like longing. And also a bit like minty toothpaste.
I squirm away and stare up at him. His dark eyes glitter in the moonlight. “I see you, Rabbit.”
He leans down to kiss me again. Softly. Slowly. Almost like he’s not even there—like I’m kissing nothing. Then he pulls back and gives me one of his most heart-breaking smiles. “No, you don’t.”
“I do. I see who you are. I see your heart.” I press my hand against his chest for emphasis.
“You only see what I let you see.” He folds his hand over mine. His fingers burn. Too hot.
“You’re wrong. You’re not as mysterious as you’d like to believe.”
“Yes, I am.” He kisses the top of my head and gently removes my hand from his chest.
“That constellation over there is Lupus the wolf.” Rabbit points up beyond my head to another cluster of stars that looks like a shapeless blob of lights. I look towards where he points, but I don’t see what he sees. “Some people see Lepus the rabbit. People who don’t know any better can get the two confused. They think they see one thing but it’s really another.”
I squint at the vague outline, the dotted little points blinking millions of miles away. I don’t see a rabbit or a wolf. “Which one are you?”
He doesn’t answer. He turns back around. I wrap my arms around his waist and the bicycle moves underneath us again. He pedals hard to get us back up to speed. Then his voice is carried back to me on the wind. “I’m the rabbit and the wolf.”
“Yeah,” I say. “I think you are.”
We move through the dark in silence for a while.
“Can you really see me, Buford?”
“Nobody truly sees anyone else. I can’t even see myself most of the time. I just pretend like I know.” I shrug, nestling my chin into his shoulder.
“I think you see yourself,” Rabbit says. “And you don’t like what you see. Which is why you need the drugs.”
“Fuck off,” I say softly. Another shiver rolls through me despite the warm desert air.
“You’re both too, Scarlett. You’re the rabbit and the wolf.”
I take a deep breath. Rabbit sees too much.
“Which one was Eleni?” I ask, reaching into my pocket for a letter.
He makes a strangled sound deep in his chest and says, “Neither. She was a thunderbird.”
A crackling burst of blue flame licks around the band on his wrist. The flame rumbles and buzzes along his fingertips. I tug on his shoulder to catch a glimpse of Rabbit’s face. His mouth is set in a grim line.
“She’s dead, Rabbit. She’s not coming back.”
He doesn’t say anything more. Silence spins out between us like the wheels rolling over the pavement.
And that’s when we hear the unmistakable sounds of something large and heavy rustling in the brush near us. No doubt the cycle has caught the attention of nearby wild animals. The movement in the shrubs is a heavy, guttural panting and snuffling. It’s not barreling towards us. But it’s certainly pacing us—moving parallel to the highway and the puttering cycle—no doubt sizing us up for snacks.
“Do you hear that?” I whisper to Rabbit through gritted teeth. “We’re being followed.”
“Mmm.”
“Can you make this thing go faster?”
“Sure, if you want to hop off and push.”
“Don’t tempt me.” I turn to get a better view of the animal, but the movement makes Rabbit swerve the bike dangerously.
Something changes in the sound of the animal’s approach, and from the thump of its large feet and the click of nails on the pavement—it’s no longer in tracking mode. We’re definitely going to die in the belly of some ravenous wild animal tonight.
“Rabbit.” Faint notes of hysteria enter my voice.
The cycle jerks out from underneath me and I’m suspended momentarily in the air, contemplating the space between myself and the ground. The pavement comes up hard and tears up my hands and legs. The coppery stink of blood fills my nostrils as I hold my shredded hands up to my face, whimpering.
“Rabbit!” The cycle is upturned next to me with the wheels spinning fruitlessly in the air. I don’t see him.
In the moonlight, I spot a huge mound of animal hovering by the cycle trailer—ripping at it with massive paws. It momentarily lifts its head to sniff the wind and the unmistakable shape of its snout and the impossibly adorable curve of it’s ears reveal the mystery identity of our animal attacker. It’s a bear. It’s a huge fucking bear.
My mind trips a bit over this information and for a moment I’m paralyzed with the worst deluge of fear and adrenaline I’ve ever had in my life.
I don’t lose control of my bladder. At least, not that I can tell. My entire body has gone numb and limp on the pavement. I can’t feel the bullet wounds. I can’t feel the road rash tearing holes in my leggings and the huge bleeding gash on my arm or my hamburger meat hands.
Nothing hurts because there’s a bear fifteen feet away from me. All of the screams die in my throat and I’m not even attempting to call out for Rabbit again. I shrink back into the pavement and push hard against the asphalt. I just want to disappear into the ground while this bear finishes its business and then re-emerge again: unscathed and unharmed.
But he can smell blood. I’m not sure which is more appealing—rancid beef jerky and stale crackers and trail mix or the fresh salty scent of blood.
Something flutters in the corner of my vision. Rabbit slowly emerges onto the road and his head tracks towards the bear. His eyes are wide and full of terror and for once he’s having the appropriate response to our situation. There is no calm or calculation in him at the moment, just straight up fear.
The bear is neck deep with two front paws pushing into the trailer and tearing it apart. I’m thankful for whatever food stuffs we’ve managed to distract him with. But I’m not sure how much longer its attention will be diverted.
Rabbit moves towards me, army crawling across the pavement. All his movements sound amplified in my ears and a hysterical bubbling scream rises in my chest. I want to scream at him to shut up and be quiet and stop making noise to attract attention because THERE IS A BEAR. We have bears in the South. I know bears exist, but I’ve never seen one in real life in the wild. Totally wild and unpredictable and unstoppable.
A mewling whimper escapes my throat. The bear stops digging with a horrible growling huff, then wrenches its head out of the trailer. Or at least it tries to. The fabric does not yield easily, and the hairy monster is momentarily entangled. I’m enthralled by the struggle, knowing that at any moment it will break free and trot over to devour us whole. Bears can run faster than humans. I saw it on a virtual once.
Rabbit is about three feet away—he rips the EMP device off his band and tosses it off to the side with a satisfied nonchalance. His band flickers to life just as the bear’s head pops up from the trailer with a large swatch of material dangling from its maw. Rabbit whispers into the band and it lights up like Christmas morning. The light is painfully bright in the near darkness. A startled cry escapes me and I cover my eyes. The bear chuffs: a sound both slightly irritated and slightly afraid. From between my bleeding fingers I watch it back slowly away from the trailer.
It’s not moving fast enough. In a few more seconds it’s going to return to the trailer. Or bypass the healthy snacks entirely and come to collect a fresher, gooier meat morsel. Us.
“Hey Bear!” Rabbit shouts.
I stifle a hysterical scream. He must know what he’s doing. Rabbit’s shock and horror has burned off and he’s back to being suave as fuck in disaster scenarios.
“What’re you doing!?”
“Stand up.” Rabbit rises from the ground shakily.
“Fuck you. I can’t even move,” I say, voice trembling. My whole body trembles. “What are you doing!?”
“Scaring the bear.”
“Is that going to work?” I try to speak quietly but anxiety turns everything into a terrified shout.
“How should I know?” Rabbit bellows. The bear takes another disturbed step backwards and then hangs there, surveying us. I only see this in the bright snippets that burst through my fingers. Rabbit grabs under my armpit and hauls me to my feet. I’m like 120 lbs of dead weight, but I make an ungainly rise to my feet.
“Make yourself big!” Rabbit shouts.
A frightened giggle squeals out of my throat because I’m thick in some areas but not exactly the tallest person. I’m kind of petite and how am I supposed to make myself terrifying enough to contend with a giant bear. I hold my raw arms and hands above my head like I’m grabbing for the air. The bear blinks and takes another bewildered step backwards and then sits up on its haunches. It’s easily taller than we are.
We’re both posing with our hands in the air and the bear is quickly losing its initial fear. I can only imagine that it’s lost or starving or wandered far out of its territory here on the brink of the desert. If it’s been made bold enough by hunger to attack humans, it’s probably not going to stop once it’s found a meal ticket.
“Shouldn’t we play dead?” I stage whisper to Rabbit.
“Only if scaring it off doesn’t work,” he whispers back.
“Well guess what boy genius. It’s not working.” During our conversation the bear has grown bored with our noise and light and ambled back to the trailer.
I’m not messing around with any more fancy party tricks. I hit the ground, pressing my face into the pavement and fully preparing to be mauled and eaten.
“Get up, Buford.”
“What? Why?” I lift my face from the pavement to say this and my lips taste like salt and earth.
“Let’s just go.” Rabbit hitches me by the armpit and drags me up again. “Just slowly back away. It’s not even interested in us.”
“But all of our food! And water! And Toto!” I indicate with a wild sweep of my hand at the ruined bike and the huge, hungry beast.
“Stop drawing attention.”
“Stop telling me what to do!” I shriek and my tone is childish, and I’m so scared I just want all of this over. I just want to be somewhere warm and safe and comfortable with clean sheets and showers and hot chocolate.
The bear stops, lifts his head, and takes a tentative step in our direction. His shiny nose twitches and sniffs in the band light.
The bear takes another step forward and now I’m pretty sure I’m peeing my pants. The breath catches in Rabbit’s throat and I’m truly scared because Rabbit is truly scared. He whispers something else into the band then clicks a button and out pours the worst noise I’ve ever heard. It’s an LRAD and the pain is so excruciating and intolerable, my eyes water and my nose runs and a wave of nausea hits me with the force of a sledgehammer.
“Stop! Stop! Turn it off!” I scream so loud my throat goes hoarse and raw. But he can’t hear me.
The bear surveys us with a look of bear-horror. It rears up on its haunches and roars angrily and I think maybe we should stop hurting it and pissing it off.
I reach over and slap at Rabbit’s band. There’s no point in covering my ears because the noise is everywhere. It’s in my teeth and ringing in my guts. The noise stops and I pause to absorb the lovely emptiness of sound.
The bear roars and comes down from its haunches. It performs an aggressive jump and I can only imagine it sounds as furious as it looks since all the noise bleeds together. I drop to the ground and cover the back of my neck with my arms. I silently wish for whatever death awaits to be quick and merciful. The pounding of the bear’s massive body over the pavement rattles my bones as it barrels towards us. Rabbit hits the ground next to me.
I’m so, so angry that Rabbit has caused us to die horrific deaths by bear on the brink of the stupid Mojave Desert. I hope the bear eats him first. But I’m the one covered in tantalizing blood. The bear stops just short of my face. Its hot breath puffs against my forehead and the back of my hands. If I turn slightly its massive claws are mere inches from my nose. I guess this is the last thing I’ll ever see.
It rolls me over like I’m a roadkill rag doll and rears again. Its massive jaw is ten feet tall towering above me. I’m fully prepared for all that beat meat to come down on me like a ton of bricks and for his fangs to sink into my flesh like I’m a plate of spareribs.
And then Rabbit jumps in front of me. He jumps in front of me with nothing between him and the biggest bear that ever lived but his scrawny arm extended and a powerful glow shining from his band. The stupid slip of metal around his black mottled wrist glows like a roman candle and fires a bolt of electricity that propels us in opposite directions. We go catapulting one way. The bear goes catapulting the other.
The smell of burning skin and hair and fur and that distinct scent of dangerous ozone fills my nose. My ears ring so loudly that all the accompanying muffled sounds are nonsensical. The band light shows us that the bear is now several paces off, shaking its head ruefully and stomping.
Rabbit’s hand flops down into my vision. I don’t hesitate to grab it and pull myself up onto my wobbly legs. We spin to face the bear and back slowly away from it and the trailer. As we press our vulnerable backs to the dark, the bear creeps slowly forward to close the gap.
Rabbit’s shout rumbles through his body but he utters no distinguishable words and I scream with him, my mouth yawning wide open. The bear jerks as if bopped on the tip of its shiny wet muzzle and scuttles backwards.
The bear eventually works up the courage to go back to its snufflings in the bike trailer and it picks apart the rest of our food supply. We spend about twenty minutes walking slowly, slowly backwards until we both admit that we’re out of immediate danger. I pause and wipe a stream of sweat from my forehead. It’s excruciatingly hot in the desert even at night.
We almost died just now. We almost died by bear. I blow out my breath, but it still sounds distorted and fuzzy. After so much abuse the last few days, I’m pretty sure my ears are broken. I survey the wreckage of my body from the cycle accident and new pain points bloom all over me. Adding road rash to the ever-growing list of bodily injuries I’ve sustained thus far on our journey.
“Oh my lord, I’m so tired of bleeding,” I mutter, peeling apart my pant leg to wince at the angry red skin there. I don’t think Rabbit can hear me. I can’t even hear myself.
“Yeah,” he says—or something that sounds vaguely like it—and then falls to the ground with a thud. It’s more surprising because I don’t hear the sound of it. I just see him in the corner of my vision, suddenly dropping to the ground.
He’s coddling his arm, the arm with the band. All the cloth is burnt away from it and beneath the shirt is charred black skin—from the tips of his fingers to the pit of his elbow. The skin is fried from the electric pulse but there’s also something off about the color and texture. It’s like all the damage is internal—underneath his skin rather than on top of it.
“Oh no Rabbit. What did you do?” I drop to my knee and wince as the bullet wound twinges.
“I saved us from a bear, Scarlett. There was a fucking bear,” he says—or something like that—I’m interpreting this from his dazed and bewildered stare while moving his lips.
I put a hand on his shoulder, and he jerks away. His whole body shudders in my grip. Which means shock. He’s going into shock. I don’t know how to help him. There’s no first aid kit, no drugs, nothing. There’s nothing out here. No medical gel. Not even any water.
We can’t afford to stop here, no matter how badly we are injured. There is a bear and miles between us and civilization. And there is a whole damn desert at our backs. The only option is to press on—push forward and somehow infiltrate the army base that lies ahead.
“Can you stand?” I ask.
It’s pointless to try and talk. We’re both still struggling to hear anything but the horrid ringing and low humming vibrations that fills our ears.
Rabbit swallows and wipes sweat from his head. He looks ashen and pale around the mouth and eyes. He reaches for my hand, so I hoist him to his feet. He weighs more than I do but I somehow manage to keep us both steady.
I snap my fingers to catch his attention, then point down to his arm. I think we should craft a sling out of the tattered remains of his flannel shirt. I mime pulling off the jacket and he nods—easing his arm out of the jacket with a grimace of pain and gritted teeth.
I flatten the shirt and make a loop, tying the arms up behind his neck. Rabbit sets his arm down gingerly against the shirt material and makes that terrible face again. Between his broken and burnt bits and my shot-up ones we barely piece together one healthy human being.
I catch his gaze and point forward to the desert. He squints and nods. We walk for hours—painstakingly putting one foot in front of the other—spiraling down and around along the twisting mountain curves. My mouth is drier than Texas toast and my head swims.
I read on the net one time that the Mojave is one of the driest deserts in North America. Maybe the driest desert on the whole freaking earth. It’s certainly sucking all the moisture, life, and energy out of me the closer we get to it. Around daybreak we pass through the now-empty town that used to be Tehachapi—it’s just another abandoned enclave of civilization.
We leave the dusty road to try the first gas station convenience store that sits off Interstate 58. It’s vacant—not even a crumb of food on the shelves. The next one further down is the same scenario.
We silently agree to push further into the rotting corpse of the town, filled with residential neighborhoods teeming with emptiness. There’s an off-brand grocery store that we finally collapse into. Rabbit leans heavily against me as we bust through the door—his good arm is slung over my neck and shoulders.
There’s a few moldering, lukewarm sports drinks still on the shelves. We greedily chug them down and I gather up a few for the road. There’s not much else in the store that is ready-made: no canned food, nuts, or protein. There are only chocolate bars and stale bags of tortilla chips with expiration dates older than five years.
We dine in the darkness. I grab a fabric shopping bag and dump the meager supply of food and water inside. There’s a largely picked over first aid aisle, but I stumble upon a few tubes of generic burn cream, hand sanitizer, and a length of yellowed gauze. I return to Rabbit who leans heavily against the wall of a cashier’s stand. He looks terrible and spidery veins of black roll up his neck.
We ease the sling off and he presents me with his ruined arm. The sight of it makes tears spring to my eyes. I sniff loudly and Rabbit looks away.
“Don’t be gentle. It’s already fucked. I just don’t want it to get infected before—” his voice falters and he shakes his head roughly. “Before I can cut it off.”
“I couldn’t find any aspirin and all the good drugs are in the bike trailer. Everything was in that bike trailer.” My chest hitches and a sob rises in my throat.
We left behind Toto, and the tin, and all the drugs. Every bit of leverage we had. My only solace is that maybe the bear ate all the drugs and died of an overdose.
I distract myself with sanitizing my hands. I remove the medicine cap of the burn cream and unload it onto Rabbit’s skin. He winces and his arm jerks involuntarily at first, but then he relaxes into the temporary relief with a groan that reminds me of our high desert kiss. I spread the cream thickly on the worst of the burn—right near the band itself—radiating out from that. Even his fingernails turned black.
“We should rest here for a while.” I move the ointment down towards his elbow pit.
“There’s no point stopping. I’m not going to die from a burnt arm.”
I stop spreading the cream and look up at him. “You’re not gonna die, period. The last time someone started talking that shit to me—they actually died. You can’t die on me. I need you.”
Rabbit’s eyes crinkle and he smiles like death. My heart flips in my chest.
“I’m not going to die. I made you a promise.”
“A promise you can’t keep is a stupid promise.” I look away and open the gauze package.
Rabbit remains silent as I wrap the worst parts of his burn and we navigate his wounded arm back into the sling. “I would kill for some of that medical gel right now.” He tries to breathe life back into his words but his tone is still mostly dead-man-walking.
“I’m going to miss all those drugs. In a little while, you’re going to miss me on all those drugs.”
“I can’t wait. Let’s go house hunting. I’ve always wanted to live in the desert.” Rabbit cracks another grim smile.
We pick an empty house close to the interstate, break in through the front window, and sleep fitfully through the daylight. It’s unnatural sleep—my body prefers to rest in the dark. Rabbit still thinks it’s too unsafe to travel during the day and with the oppressive heat rolling up from the Mojave valley below us—it’s hard to argue. Plus, he’s all feverish and sickly and who really wants to argue with a dying man?
Around dusk my body starts rejecting the continued absence of drugs so I crawl out of the bed we share to raid the bathroom cabinet. The first one—the guest bathroom—is a bust, but the master bathroom yields some success. There’s no burn cream or gauze, but some aspirin, large bandages, and a single bottle with three expired sleeping pills.
I raid the closet for more clothes and come out with a short sleeved grey T-shirt and a pair of camel colored pants. I roll up the bottom cuffs of the pants because they’re too long. My shoes are still good. I find a dusty black hoodie and my heart pinches because it reminds me of something Len would wear.
I find a new T-shirt for Rabbit, and materials to freshen his sling. I search the kitchen and find some canned goods and a package of red licorice. I snag a few sugary sodas, slip them into a backpack, and toss it over my good shoulder. I try not to recall that this is the third or fourth survival bag I’ve packed and what’s the point when we just keep losing them? There’s no use getting attached to material objects. Not now.
I gently shake Rabbit awake and sit on the edge of the bed with my back turned while he changes outfits. We re-bandage his arm. I take the aspirin bottle out of my pocket, crush the pills, and line the dust into two rows. I roll up an old piece of paper on the table and take the hit.
“Your turn,” I say, stepping aside.
Rabbit surveys the drugs with a tilt of his head, then shrugs and snorts the pile.
We put the silent little city of Tehachapi behind us and are back to walking the long, sloping curves that go on and on like this until the sky starts to lighten and we’re coming down out of the hills and the valley sprawls out before us—a wide open valley.
Other than in the SIMs, I’ve never seen a huge expanse of desert like the one we’re facing. I hate it. I hate staring out over this flat sprawl of land. On the other side of the barren wilderness is the Edwards Airforce Base.
Before the bear attack, Rabbit told me all he knew about the base. It’s where they used to test aircraft—where they first broke the sound barrier and learned how to pilot space shuttles. He’s still 98% sure they have a telepad, but he can’t be sure until we get closer to the base.
I’m not sure what that means—except that all of his newfound tech knowledge is eerily similar to the kind of nonsense Len used to spout before she got all glowy too. But her skin never burned up.
“I’m so thirsty,” Rabbit croaks.
“Prepare yourself for disappointment. We have about twenty more miles to walk before we reach another outpost of human civilization, which will be just about as hostile as our current environment.”
I pull out one of the cans and it’s sliced pears. I rip off the pull-tab lid and hand it over to him.
“Age before beauty.”
“Hmph.” He takes the whole can and drinks the nasty sweet pear juice in three big gulps. “Still thirsty.” He plops the pear slices into his mouth in two handfuls—doesn’t offer me any—then hucks the can on the ground.
“Twenty miles.” I remind him and start walking again. It’s not that I’m trying to be callous and insensitive. It’s just that the likelihood of one or more of us dying today is pretty high and the only thing that’s going to increase our chances of surviving is getting to other humans. Even if they are hostile.
Rabbit stirs behind me—the sheer force of his stern, stubborn expression propelling him forward. Just gotta put one foot in front of the other.
The Mojave Desert is hot like standing too close to a fire except there’s no way to back up. I quickly shed the hooded jacket into the backpack and ration myself one of the sodas. It’s sticky warm and it’s also the best thing I’ve ever had to drink. My body rejoices because it’s possible in these kinds of dire circumstances to trick yourself into thinking any fluid is better than no fluid.
I offer a swig to Rabbit and he’s much more reasonable with his share this time around. He returns the can to me half full and I nod in appreciation while draining the rest. Instead of tossing it onto the baked earth, I set it gingerly on the roadside where some passerby could return it for a federal refund.
Dying is no excuse for bad manners and littering.
We keep on walking and the worst part of the heat is the lack of shade. At least on any given summer day in the South or even at Fort Columbia there were large, leafy trees to snuggle underneath or a frigid cold river to dunk your head in.
The heat here is relentless, merciless, senseless. What is even the point of all this heat? Why would anyone ever choose to set up any kind of modicum of civilization in a place this damn hot?
We’ve been in the heart of the desert for three hours and gained about nine miles which means despite our hobbling gaits—we’re actually making average time. With Rabbit’s band indisposed, I’m free to distract myself by checking on our progress and announcing it every fifteen minutes or so. I’m fully aware that under different circumstances this might be the most annoying past time, but he actually seems to be motivated with our progress.
We still haven’t talked about our game plan for infiltrating the enemy base and borrowing their telepad, but Rabbit finally perks up around midpoint in our journey and insists we take a rest break. I’ve been craving one for a while but stubbornly holding out. If he isn’t going down then neither am I.
We sit across from one another just off the main road and open the backpack between us—splitting the last of our supplies. We halve the paltry collection of drugs (except for the sleeping pills) and change the bandage on Rabbit’s wound. There’s only one can of food left: it’s corn. I rip open the pull-tab and stare with extreme trepidation at the yellow water.
“I have a plan,” Rabbit says ominously and dread flushes into my belly. “But you’re not going to like it.”
“Tell me the plan first.” I slurp a mouthful of corn juice and try not to gag. It somehow tastes sweeter than the warm sodas.
“Edmund Fuller.” His mouth twists like he ate something nasty. “He owes me a favor.”
I laugh, choking a bit on corn, and clear my throat loudly. “You’re joking.” I want him to be joking. Please, please, please Rabbit be joking.
“I’m not joking.”
“I murdered his son. We murdered his son and he’ll kill us like a dirty snake in the grass if we wander within striking distance. Aren’t we on the run from this guy? Have you totally lost it?”
“He might kill us. But he also might be our ticket to the telepad.”
“Let’s momentarily entertain your delusion. You honestly think any favor SENATOR Edmund Fuller owes you is going to amount to jack or squat after you murdered his only child? And even if for some reason he agrees to your asinine plan—how is he going to wield any authority on this base to let us waltz in and use their highly protected and expensive technology? And what about on the other side? What happens if we actually—and this is a big actually—manage to teleport? Won’t they arrest us on the spot? Come on Rabbit. This is wishful damn thinking and neither of us are in the mood.” I finish my rant by slamming the corn can down on the baked earth with an air of finality. A puff of dust rises from beneath it and corn juice sloshes on my hand.
We cannot be so desperate we’re reaching out Senator Fuller in order to aid our flight. I’m not ready to admit that we are in this situation.
“What other options do we have?”
“How about any other option?”
“Have you assessed our situation lately? My arm is fried and you’re running around with two bullet wounds. We both have road rash that is likely going to get infected. We need medical attention. We aren’t going to make it out of this desert alive. At this rate, we aren’t going to make it out of California alive. This is our best shot,” Rabbit says.
“Suicide is our best shot?”
He’s draped the pink sweatshirt over his head and shoulders to block out the sun. He looks ridiculous and I’m covered in corn juice. Our situation is so laughable I want to laugh but I’m afraid I wouldn’t be able to stop. I’m afraid I’m bordering on hysteria.
“I agree we’ve run out of options. But I don’t think this is a good idea. Point of fact—I think it’s the worst idea you’ve ever had in your whole miserable life. This is going to blow up in our faces. We’re going to die. As long as that’s on record—go ahead, pull the trigger.” I wave at him magnanimously.
He swipes a finger across the simple silver band on his wrist and it sputters and then thrums to life. He grits his teeth as the band warms up against his damaged skin. I watch in fascination as he dials up Senator Edmund Fuller the way you might dial up a friend or loved one. Almost as if he knows the number by heart. It dawns on me that there is still so very little I know about Rabbit. I know a lot of important things, but I clearly don’t have all the facts. My stomach heaves. I press a fist to my mouth and bite down hard on one of my knuckles. They taste like corn juice.
The line engages and text sweeps into view.
Rory—I’m touched you’re reaching out to offer condolences. However, due to the international man hunt Prothero is waging against you, I can’t advise that chatting is a good idea for you right now.
“I’m calling in that favor.” Rabbit’s voice sounds hollow and dead and filled with ice.
There’s a considerably long pause in which Senator Fuller does not respond and I can only imagine he’s right now zeroing in on our location. I expect within moments we’ll be blown to bits—but after another ninety seconds of bloated silence in which I bite down so hard on my knuckle I draw blood—he finally responds.
I thought you might do that. You realize the awkward situation this puts me in? After all, you’re being charged with the murder of my son. I am curious, is there any truth to that statement? After all we’ve been through—I think we owe each other the truth, especially on this subject. If you took my son from me, Rory, you owe me an honest explanation.
Rabbit heaves a weary sigh. “That’s true. I killed him. I killed Clint.”
His voice breaks around Fuller’s name. I start to object but Rabbit cuts a hard eye at me over the band.
You can imagine my great disappointment. I trusted you to keep a watchful eye on my boy. You really let me down, Rory. You let us all down. Especially your lady friend, Eleni Garza. I understand she was killed that night as well. When I met her she had such a promising future ahead of her. She could have done anything Rory. And she seemed so hung-up on you too. But—she was a terrorist, so no great loss, right?
Rabbit sags and he seems to age a decade in front of me. He runs a hand over his face and sniffs loudly. Low blow, Senator.
“I need your help,” Rabbit says, but his confidence is shattered and he sounds more pleading now than dealing. He’s not such a great salesperson. It’s too easy to get under his skin if you know the right buttons to push.
And I need my son. Neither of us seem to get what we want, do we? I’m afraid your favors are all used up. Let’s assume that taking my son’s life evens up the playing field between us. I don’t really owe you anything anymore, do I? And what you owe me is far more valuable than anything you could ever replace. Even if you paid with your life, I still wouldn’t be satisfied. Do you see how that works, Rory? I do want you dead, very badly. But that would hardly fill the empty void you’ve left. I’m sure Clinton and Eleni Garza would feel the same.
I read the words, but the sentiment is lost in the cold, sterile delivery. I don’t really think the senator cares about Clinton dying so much as he cares that Clinton was taken from him.
“What do you want?”
We can discuss that in person. I’m not comfortable negotiating through this venue. Now, exactly how can I aid you in avoiding capture and punishment for the murder of my son, Rory?
Rabbit clears his throat roughly. “We need access to the telepad at Edwards Airforce Base and transportation to Houston.”
A short contemplative silence lapses and he responds.
Who are ‘we’? Are you traveling with Ms. Scarlett Buford?
Rabbit locks eyes with me. “Yes.”
Good to know. My schedule is free and clear for the next several hours. I will meet you at Edwards Airforce Base this afternoon and you can utilize my services to help you flee from justice. We will also discuss what I require in exchange for those services. I have your full cooperation, correct? I would hate to waste some of my good graces for nothing at all.
Rabbit hesitates and an actual bead of sweat drips down from his temple. “Yes,” is all he says in his stony voice. “I’ll cooperate.”
Oh wonderful. I’ll see you in a few hours at the gates. Anything else I can arrange for your arrival? Hot shower? A warm meal? Cold glass of water? Medical attention, perhaps?
There is a terrifying humor in his voice that makes me bite down hard on my knuckle again. My poor banged up hands.
“I’ll leave that up to you.” Rabbit disconnects from the conversation and wipes more sweat from his forehead with a shaky hand. We share our own long, contemplative silence, avoiding looking at one another. I don’t want to see the abject despondency and terror in Rabbit’s face. I don’t want him to see it in mine.
“Jesus H. Christ. That guy is a fucking monster,” I say, finally breaking the silence.
“He’s a dangerous monster.” Rabbit climbs unsteadily to his feet.
“You really think he’s going to come through for us?” I ask, following in his footsteps. The corn can is half empty but I can’t bring myself to eat anymore. My stomach is filled with rocks and dirt.
“He will,” Rabbit says, the corners of his mouth twitching down. “I’m afraid he—I’m afraid…” his voice trails off and he walks into the desert in the direction of the base.
“Me too,” I whisper but my words are too quiet, and the desert wind whips them up and carries them far from his ears. I have so many questions, but I can tell from the slope of his gait and his tightly clenched jaw that he won't be up to answering them.
Another three and a half hours of walking and we finally reach Rosamond Blvd which is the main road leading to the front entrance of the base. We stop to share the last can of soda. Rabbit and I both waver on our feet and I can’t think about anything because the past few hours have been such a blur. Rabbit finishes off the soda and sets it gingerly on the road then he holds out an arm to me and a stupid rosary bracelet dangles from his wrist. He tilts his head at me like a stray dog.
“Can you take this? I can’t do it myself,” Rabbit says.
“You’re giving me your bracelet? What, are we in middle school?” I don’t mean to sound like a jerk. I’m just hot and tired and everything hurts. I’m ready to be taken captive by anyone as long it gets me far away from all the horrible things I’ve seen and experienced.
“OK fine, don’t take it.” Rabbit waves me away and trudges forward.
Now I’m curious so I hobble along faster behind him. “Don’t be like that. Why do you want me to take the bracelet? What does it mean?”
He doesn’t turn back to me and I realize I’ve lost the chance at understanding the importance of the bracelet. I’m surprised at how emotional that makes me. I’m surprised to have any emotions about Rabbit at all. He succeeded in quietly worming his way into my heart like a…grouchy heartworm. Not my best. It’s hot out here.
“I don’t know for sure what’s going to happen once we give ourselves up. But I promise you I’m going to get us out of here and we’re going to make it to Mexico City. OK?"
The rosary bracelet dangles from his wrist the same way Len’s necklace dangles from his neck and her blood vial haunts our every step. I’m not sure I can handle anymore jewelry from dying people. Especially jewelry that comes with a burden. A gift that’s the opposite of a gift. A promise that seems inevitably broken. Besides, he already gave me something useful instead.
“I don’t need your bracelet. You gave me a compass already, remember?” I pull the necklace out of my shirt and brandish it towards him. “We’re not gonna lose our way, right?”
Rabbit gives me a grim smile. “I’m sorry about this. For what’s about to happen. I’m sorry about everything.”
“Me too. Now let’s go turn ourselves in.” I offer him a lopsided smile in return.
Even though my body sings with pain and dehydration and we’re about to be taken captive—I am strangely hopeful. We walk up to the main gate of the Edwards Airforce Base like we’re taking a Sunday stroll.
The soldiers at the gate pull their guns on us and sound an alarm. It’s loud but it’s not the loudest thing I’ve heard in the last few days and after facing down certain death by bear—it’s hard to get scared about more people pointing guns at you. That’s been standard fare for a while now. It’s probably the chaos of the loud noises and death threats, but I stumble to my knees and stay there. Moving a muscle would risk my precious life. I catch Rabbit’s slim profile out of the corner of my vision—he has the ridiculous pink California sweatshirt tied around his waist.
His image causes me to giggle inappropriately. I can’t stop laughing because it’s one of those situations where you shouldn’t be laughing but he looks so stupid. I don’t know how I hadn’t noticed it before. Rabbit falls to his knees next to me with his hands raised, blasting me with disapproving side-eye.
“Scarlett.” He sternly shakes his head.
“You look like such an idiot.” I choke out in between more peals of laughter.
“Seriously?”
The first group of soldiers grab and haul his arms back behind him roughly. He cries out in pain. My laugh peters out into something more like a nervous chuckle and then hiccups in my chest.
The butt of a rifle meets my temple and I’m not laughing anymore.


CHAPTER THIRTEEN:
FINDING PURPOSE
Dr. Dawson meets me outside the SIM, wearing an expression of disquiet. Lucretia also stands outside the door, seemingly waiting for Twelve and I to emerge. Perhaps to ensure Twelve’s safety, but also likely to confront me about what happened. She spots Twelve and Dr. Dawson and the hard look falls from her face.
Other patients file past, glowering or looking fearful as they go. I can’t blame them for their anger, and it’s too complicated to apologize at the moment. I don’t have a good explanation for what I did. The more time passes, the more I realize how close I came to a point of no return.
But I returned. I didn’t kill Twelve. That sounds bad, but it has to count for something.
“What happened in there?” Dawson asks.
“I almost killed Twelve,” I answer, staring down at my shoes.
“We talked about this, Zero.” Dawson scowls at me and his disapproval makes my fingers curl in on my palms.
“You talked to her about not killing people?” Lucretia asks, both eyebrows raised.
“No. Not that specifically.” Dr. Dawson sighs. “You two may move along. The only responsible party here is Zero.”
“Tell her to stay out of people’s heads.”
“She hurt her hand.” Twelve gestures to my knuckles. “I think she needs medical attention.”
“I’m fine,” I say, folding a hand over the knuckles to hide them from view.
Lucretia crosses her arms and looks between us—Twelve and myself. “You’re being awful nice to someone who just tried to decorate the SIM with your brains.” She raises an eyebrow at him.
“I’m a nice guy.” Twelve smiles dopily at her, then turns towards me. “And she didn’t decorate with my brains. She’s scared and confused. She woke up. I know how that feels.”
Lucretia frowns and appears to absorb his words. “Yeah, well, that’s no excuse. Don’t go easy on her, Dawson,” Lucretia says punctuating her words with a decisive turn. She stalks down the hall.
“Thanks, Lucretia,” I call after her.
Twelve shrugs helplessly. “If you give her some time and a little space, I bet she’ll come around. And you should probably apologize too.” He follows in her wake and I watch them go with a painful pit opening in my stomach.
“I’m sorry,” I say, still avoiding Dawson’s glare. “I lost control. Eleni Garza’s memories are…powerful.”
“That’s certainly a word for it. I wasn’t sure you were capable of that much power.” Dawson reaches down to take my hand, but I jam it in the pocket of my pants before he does.
“It’s nothing,” I say. “Just a scrape.”
Dawson clears his throat. “Yes, well, I’m glad you’re alright,” he says, reaching for my elbow to usher me down the hall. I follow him, keeping the injured hand far from his view. “But I’d like to take you to the infirmary for an examination.”
The phantom pinprick stabs into the pit of my elbow. It’s not real. But I’m starting to understand what it means.
“Sure.” I don’t really have any other choice but to comply. “You’re not mad at me?”
“Not mad. Concerned. You displayed a very alarming spike in capabilities I wasn’t sure were intact. You tried to kill a fellow patient. And you talked to Mateo again.”
Dr. Dawson knows almost everything about what just transpired. How could he know all those things?
“You were watching the SIM?” I ask quietly.
“Of course I was watching you, Zero. I am monitoring and tracking your vitals. You haven’t left your room in three days and then you decided to shower, eat breakfast and join in a SIM exercise. That’s a lot of sudden activity. But that’s not the point. The point is that you—you displayed some risk-taking behavior, a lack of impulse control that shouldn’t—you shouldn’t be—” His voice peters out. “We had blocks set in place for those behaviors. Somehow you’ve over-ridden them.”
“Blocks?” I reach up to my temples. No more wires.
“You’re Eleni Garza’s clone. You have certain temperaments we hoped to eliminate by blocking aspects of your personality. It’s not an exact science. And apparently, not effective either.” Dr. Dawson favors me with a crooked smile.
“What’s my purpose?” I ask, disrupting the affection on his face. “Why did you wake me up?”
“Oh.” Dr. Dawson pushes the glasses up on the bridge of his nose. “I can explain that in a moment. Here, through that door.” He gestures towards the wall and it slides away. We step into the room and the door clicks closed behind us.
“Up there, please.” Dawson points toward the bed and I hop onto it, rolling up my sleeve instinctively. Something in my brain and body knows how to operate in a room like this. He turns to me with a needle and frowns at the rolled-up sleeve. He taps the vein, plunges the needle in, and attaches it to a rubber hose that almost immediately begins to suck the blood out of my body and drag it into a device attached to the wall.
“I explained your purpose when you woke up. And now you’re starting to fulfill it.” He gestures to the hose full of blood. “When Eleni Garza died, the chance for a cure of NV2 almost died with her. Thankfully, Nurse Esperanza from Fort Columbia had been extracting blood and DNA samples for months leading up to Eleni’s death. That stockpile, along with the collection we curated during her time in DC, was enough to continue the preliminary experimental vaccines.”
I keep my facial expression as neutral and devoid of emotion as possible. The purpose Dr. Dawson lays out for me is not Mateo’s purpose. So far, I do not like Dr. Dawson’s purpose.
“The supplies of Eleni’s genetic material are running low and we’re almost out. So, we needed to wake you up. Your body has been around for—awhile—growing and maturing. When there was concern after the Paris bombing that Eleni Garza would not survive all the transplants, we collected enough genetic material to create you. Fortunately for us, you are a pure genetic match. Which means we can continue to develop the vaccine. And you can serve your purpose. You can save the world.” He blasts me with a smile designed to placate and inspire but instead dread and foreboding too deep to explain climbs up my insides.
When there was concern after the Paris bombing that Eleni Garza would not survive all the transplants. Eleni Garza believed the transplants had caused the mutations and powers. Why would Prothero have cared about her prior to the bombing or even directly after? Her parents were dead. Who else would have cared if she lived or died?
I smile thinly and nod at him to express understanding. “But I stay here?” I ask, moving to cover the exposed knuckles.
“You stay safely under lock and key until the cure is developed and distributed. We continue collecting your genetic material, and you’re free within the confines of these walls. You don’t even have to go into the SIM anymore, if you don’t want to. We have a fully stocked library. You have access to all the art supplies your heart desires. You can save the world and you can do so safely. In a controlled setting,” Dawson says. “KERN is a safe haven for you. We can shield you from harm and we will not put you in harm’s way.”
“Of course.” I smile dumbly at him, stifling my internal screaming.
“In fact, I probably would advise you not to attend SIM exercises again for a while. Draining the genetic material will take a toll on your body. Light exercise, plenty of fluids, food, and rest will be in order for the next few days. You’re still adjusting to being awake.” Dr. Dawson strokes his bearded chin in contemplation.
“What happened to me in the SIM?”
His eyes widen. He’s clearly rattled by the question. “You lost control.”
“I stopped everything.” I grip my injured hand, still working to conceal it from him. “I stopped other people. How is that possible? How could I do that?”
Dr. Dawson pauses in his beard stroke and holds a contemplative posture far past the point of comfort.
“That—I don’t know. Zero, why don’t you tell me about Mateo?” Dawson leans back against the counter in the infirmary room. “Tell me about seeing him again, in the SIM.”
“He appeared behind Twelve’s head, when I was holding the gun.” I wince in recollection. There are things you do in the heat of the moment, in the thick of battle, or when adrenaline runs through your veins—things you regret upon further contemplation.
“What did he say to you?” Dr. Dawson asks, still affecting a relaxed demeanor that betrays the thirst of his words.
“He told me not to kill Twelve.” Which is true. A partial truth, but an element of the truth, nonetheless.
“He stopped you from killing Twelve,” Dr. Dawson murmurs, not looking at me. He stares into the air, his brain working around the words. “And what else?”
“Nothing,” I say, keeping my voice neutral. “He vanished again.”
“Are you sure?” Dawson asks, face scrunching. “Are you absolutely 100% sure that is all he said or asked of you?”
“That’s what I remember,” I say, another half-truth.
“Well, I’m glad it happened,” Dr. Dawson says, clapping his hands together and making me jump a little in my seat. “It appears that Mateo may be your conscience. Like an imaginary, invisible friend steering you in the right moral direction.”
“You’re not worried?” I ask, my hand relaxing. It’s hard work keeping up the vigilant protection of the secret wound. I want to leave this small, confined space with the whirring machine drinking up my genetic material, making me weak and light-headed.
“Worried about what?”
“That I’m going crazy. Seeing and talking to people that aren’t there? Isn’t that a sign of—I don’t know—psychosis?”
“It’s definitely a symptom of trauma. Awakening is a traumatic experience, which is why we don’t try to push you too hard after you awake. Your abilities and your body are currently—unstable. It’s OK to relax and be calm. We encourage you to rest and not over-tax yourself.”
“Overtax myself like going into a SIM, attacking people, and then stopping everything with my brain?” I ask, a wry smile playing across my lips.
“Yes, a very good example of a situation we would not like to repeat.” Dr. Dawson gives me the first genuine smile I’ve seen since he met me at the door to the SIM. “What you did—aside from trying to kill Twelve—wasn’t a ‘bad’ thing, Zero. It was a surprising, no doubt alarming and exhausting thing—but it was also extraordinary.”
“If I stabilize…will I stop seeing Mateo?” I ask, pinching and pulling at the flesh on top of my left hand.
“That’s a possibility. But a risk worth taking. Your health is more important than wallowing in Eleni Garza’s memories. Memories are in the past and you can’t change the past, but you can change the future. I don’t think Mateo has any part in your future,” Dr. Dawson says decisively. “Do you?”
“No,” I say without any emphasis or strength to my voice. “I don’t think he does.”
He does though. He does. The more Dr. Dawson speaks, the more I realize I want and need to see what Mateo will show me.
“Who gets the cure?” I ask, tapping on the rubber hose, trying to affect nonchalance.
Dr. Dawson pushes the glasses up on the bridge of his nose and sighs. “Everyone, Zero. We will deliver the cure to everyone.”
I don’t believe him.
“What is Twelve’s purpose?” I change conversation track again. “He’s a clone, like me. Why is he here? What happened to Clinton Fuller?”
Dr. Dawson furrows his brow.
“That is personal Zero. I will not answer that question for you. If you’d like to know, you can ask him yourself,” Dr. Dawson says, his tone bordering on gruff.
We lapse into an uncomfortable silence as the machine whirs and my genetic material drains and that light-headed, woozy sensation settles over me. The grey pushes into my brain, and all the actions and comments and questions swirl around into a nonsensical soup.
“You’re awfully quiet,” Dr. Dawson says, interrupting the silence.
“I ran out of questions.” I offer him a crooked smile.
Dr. Dawson chuckles a little too loudly for the small space. The machine I’m attached to beeps and Dr. Dawson distracts himself with unhooking me from it.
“Zero—” he starts, but then notices the exposed knuckles on my left hand. In the grey silence, I’d let my other hand fall away. The metal glints in the lights and he stares at them for a long, intense moment, then looks at me.
“We need to get you patched up, Zero,” he says, slowly and carefully. “Why didn’t you tell me what happened to you earlier?”
“It’s a scratch,” I say, biting at my lip. “It didn’t seem to matter at the time.”
“Does it hurt now?”
“Sort of. It’s like a phantom pain. I thought it would hurt more,” I say, holding eye contact with him. “But the pain is…familiar.”
“We’ll get you fixed up. I didn’t expect—I didn’t expect for you to get hurt,” he says, cradling my hands in his.
“Good thing I heal fast. There are some advantages to being Eleni Garza.”
“Her clone, Zero. You’re Eleni Garza’s clone.”
“Yeah, that’s what I said.” I pull my hands away from his. “If we’re done here, I’d like to go back now—to the room with the little window.”
I scoot off the table and head over to wait for him by the door. Dawson turns to pack up some items on the counter, waving me away. “Delta will lead you back to your room. I need to finish up some work here.”
“Delta?”
“Yes, the AI that manages the KERN facility operations. Delta, can you assist Patient Zero back to her room?” Dawson asks, his back still turned. “Oh wait, before I forget.”
Dawson stalks over and runs a finger over the band around my left wrist. It chirrups and loosens around my skin. He pulls it gingerly over the almost-healed knuckles.
“Why can’t I have a band, like everyone else?” I ask, rubbing my fingers over the empty wrist skin.
“Because you’re not like everyone else, Zero,” Dr. Dawson replies, slipping the band into his pocket and turning away again.
“But they also have powers and abilities. So, I am kind of like everyone else,” I counter, watching as a female dressed in a lab coat materializes in front of me.
My heart stutters as she emerges from the light, taking a form that looks, feels, and breathes like a real human. It’s not quite a virtual. But it’s not quite a real person either. It’s something in between. Mateo’s image goes stuttering through my brain.
“I am Delta,” Delta announces, smiling benignly.
“You are not like everyone else. You’re different. You have more power and you share enough genetic material with Eleni Garza to be a danger to yourself and everyone here, if you lose control. Like you did today. Which is why,”—Dawson holds up the band over his shoulder without looking back—“Which is why they get bands and you don’t.”
“Lucretia hurt people, too,” I argue, taking a step back from Delta. “She told me about Fort George.”
“Lucretia didn’t—” Dr. Dawson stops himself and takes a deep breath. “Lucretia didn’t kill anyone or blow up an army base or destroy a telepad or conspire with Contras. You and Eleni Garza and Lucretia are not the same. At all. Please, Zero, I have work to do.” He spins and points towards the door, scowling. “Delta, if you would be so kind.”
Delta nods and holds her hand out in a welcoming gesture. “Follow me please,” she requests.
I nod and head towards the door, throwing another long glance at Dr. Dawson before I go. “Eleni Garza never killed anyone. And neither have I. What are you so afraid of?”
Dr. Dawson doesn’t immediately answer, and the door closes between us before he has the opportunity to reply. Delta leads and I trail her in silence, watching the eerie way the light bounces off her sometimes-translucent skin and white blazes of electricity pass over her body at random intervals.
“What are you?” I ask her, as we enter the hallway where the bedroom with the little window resides.
“I am an artificial intelligence tasked with maintaining the daily operations of the KERN facility.” Delta smiles.
“Do you know Mateo?” I ask, watching her dead eyes blink and her smooth, unnatural gait as we approach the door. Her simulated proximity to a human being makes my skin crawl. It shouldn’t. She’s merely a SIM projection operating outside of the SIM.
“I do not know Mateo,” she responds. “He is not a patient at this facility and there are no records of him in the database. My apologies.”
“No need to apologize. He wouldn’t be in your database. I don’t really know where he’d be. If he even exists,” I murmur, entering the room. “Can you follow me in here, Delta? Into this room with the little window?”
“Unfortunately, no. There is a barrier preventing me from entering this section of the facility. Security protocols must be over-ridden in order for me to access this room. No SIM technology is allowed inside.”
“Right. That’s what I thought. Goodbye, Delta.” I shut the door in her face. Then I lean down and pick up the notebook and the pencils. I take a seat on the bed, facing toward the window.
I set the pencil to the paper and draw a half circle loop that becomes an ear, mostly hidden behind sprays of black curling hair. And then two dark brown eyes underneath a pair of skeptical bushy eyebrows. I sketch a mouth with the lips curved up at one end, the ghost of a smile hanging out in a corner of his lips.
Mateo’s face. I need to draw his face so I can remember.
I need to remember what his face looks like because I plan to annihilate it the next time I see him. I’m going to destroy his face and destroy the facade and the lies used to build him. Prothero’s lies. Dawson’s lies. I am tired of being toyed with and manipulated. I don’t want any more parlor tricks or glamours. I don’t want them to remove any more scars or clone anymore bodies or conjure up old spirits to haunt me.
I don’t want Dawson’s or Mateo’s purpose.
I want my own.


CHAPTER FOURTEEN:
EDWARDS AFB
The door of the interrogation room grinds open and the slim, dapper shape of Senator Fuller slips through with a snake oil smile pulling his lips back from his predatory white teeth.
“You certainly smell better than our last encounter,” he says, sliding into the chair and folding his arms across his chest. “That much is an improvement.”
It’s probably true. In the first interrogation room before Rabbit keeled over from shock, the combined stink of us was a stew of sweat and cooked meat. Since then I’ve had a cold shower, a hot meal, and an extensive medical examination. They slathered that miracle goo so thickly on the gunshot wounds I feel better than before. I feel brand fucking new.
I haven’t seen Rabbit though, since he passed out in front of the senator. I hope he’s faring just as well. He’s probably faring better since he’s not sitting in front of the gleaming face of Clinton Fuller’s father.
The senator’s lips pull back even further, and he retrieves something gleaming and metallic from his pocket, setting it on the table between us. It’s a pocketknife.
He depresses a button on the side and a long piercing blade unfolds from its depths. He twirls the knife so the blade points directly at me. With a flick of his wrist he could embed it deep in my chest and there’s not a damn thing I can do about it. I suck in a short involuntary breath.
His grin widens. He looks positively maniacal. “Surprised?” he asks.
I lean back and survey him silently. I have no idea what I’m supposed to say or do here.
“You seem surprised. I have to say, it’s certainly surprising to meet you, Miss Scarlett Buford from Biloxi, Mississippi. It’s not every day I meet the young woman who murdered my son.”
A knot of emotions wedges itself in my throat and I don’t have a witty response to counter with. You don’t forget killing a person. The image burns into your brain and fuses with your DNA and sometimes late at night all you can remember is the sound of the gun firing and the scent of blood and the echoes of screams in your ears. And you rarely imagine meeting the parent of a person you killed. Or asking the parent of a person you killed for an enormous favor while he has a knife pointed at your chest.
“You intrigued me. Your story intrigued me so I pulled your file. I’ve poured over all the contents and I have to say—I am not impressed. And quite honestly, a bit mystified. Scarlett Buford from Biloxi, your story is average. You are nothing special. Where do you fit into this scenario? Because you certainly don’t fit the profile.”
“The profile?”
“Your terrorist friend Eleni Garza was a double-agent working for Prothero and the Contras. Her killing Clinton? That just makes reasonable sense. Rory Santiago also fits the narrative. He’s too smart for his own good—book smart and street smart. Duplicitous little shit. I almost admire him for how easily he betrays his friends and family. Rory’s always working some kind of angle, isn’t he? Or, do you know him well enough to make that assumption?”
“I know he doesn’t like to be called Rory.”
“What else do you know?”
I narrow my eyes and shift away from him. The shackles on my legs and handcuffs jangle as I move. The predatory smile on his lips twitches in amusement.
“You’re too late.”
“Too late,” he repeats, unblinking.
“I’ve already picked a side in this fight. And spoiler alert—it’s not yours.”
“Oh,” Senator Fuller cocks an eyebrow. “You were choosing a side.” He smiles. “From your file, I assumed you’d already done so when you shot my son in the head. Was there a point in your ill-advised flee from justice that I could have persuaded you to surrender yourself and repent?”
“Repent is a strong word. Your son killed my best friend. He shot her in the stomach.” My hands clench, fingers curling around the metal cuffs, so my knuckles turn white. “But that wasn’t it. That wasn’t the moment.”
“Oh.” Senator Fuller raises both brows. “Do enlighten me.”
His smile is cruel and hard, like the blade of his knife. He reaches up slowly and sets a hand on it. This thumb poises at the tip of the handle. One little push and the knife would pierce my skin and glide between my ribs and sink into my heart.
“There was this little town in Oregon. This stupid theater park where a biker gang was camped out. Your people—your Prothero assholes—swooped in and murdered them. Women and children. I fell down next to the body of a little girl in a sunflower dress, who was missing her face. A little girl you murdered. So, that was it. That was the moment.” I try to hold his gaze when I speak, but recalling the image makes my voice unsteady and my eyes ache.
“You’re on the right side now?” he asks. “You got a little taste of the battle that’s been raging across the world while you played tin soldier at some country club government base? You have one little encounter with death and you are suddenly able to make the right choices?” He smiles while he says this, leaning back in his chair. “You don’t know shit, Miss Buford.”
“I know your son was a murderer,” I say through gritted teeth.
“And so are you.” He grins ferally. His fingers clench around the knife handle.
I close my eyes. I wish he would go away. I wish I could make Senator Fuller disappear back through the door. Or maybe vanish from the entire planet. Why did Rabbit bring him here? Why did Rabbit do this? What is this?
“You are just as unremarkable in person as your file indicated.” Senator Fuller rises from his chair, squealing it across the concrete with a noise that cuts like glass in my brain. He draws the knife from the table without retracting the blade. The point veers so close to my eye, the air of it flutters against my cheeks and I flinch.
“My curiosity is sated. I hope for your sake Rory is making the right choice. You and your friend are wading into dangerous waters, Miss Buford. The sharks swim here. And we will eat you alive if you are not very, very careful.” He strides to the door, pocketing the knife as he goes, and exits the room with a slight wave of his hand.
“What the actual fuck?” I whisper, as the door lurches closed.
My confusion and deep unsettlement is almost immediately interrupted by a chiming sound. It’s startling in the silence and I startle again when an image of my mother sweeps into view from my band. It’s a message from my mother. Another chime sounds: another message from my mother. Another chime sounds: a message from Emilia Rosa. Another chime sounds: a message from Brian. The chimes stop sounding individually and then a cavalcade of noise erupts as my inbox dumps itself onto the band. Dumb horror and disbelief crawls over me.
This makes sense. I’m on an army base—on the same frequency used by all the National Service bases across the country. My band automatically synched to the wireless network and accessed my personal inbox. I never checked my messages after the night Len died because logging into the system would reveal our GPS location. It was also impossible to do with Rabbit’s ever-present homemade EMP device.
I gave up trying to talk with all my loved ones. I killed Clinton and disappeared into a blackhole on some stupid quest to right wrongs in the world. A stupid quest that wasn’t even mine to begin with.
My fingers itch to open the letter from Brian first. My fingers and my skin and my heart and my head itch. I bite my lip but fat, angry tears drip down my cheeks anyway. I don’t want to cry in front of this two-way mirror with the blinking lights of a camera recording everything. The flood of emotions overwhelms me and tears roll down my cheeks anyway.
The last time I saw Brian was the day Eleni died. I was packing a bag and telling him it was just for the night but I was sobbing at the same time and he looked at me like he knew. He looked so angry and hurt with his burnt hand bandaged. He hugged and kissed me and didn’t say a word as I walked away.
I told him I’d be back. And I never came back. By default it wasn’t a promise, but it was close enough. It is close enough to stab a guilty knife into my guts and I just swipe his message away as unread. Then there’s the Rosas blinking at me from thousands of miles and a whole other lifetime away. Everyone I ever loved besides Eleni blinking at me and asking me the same questions.
What happened? Where are you?
Everyone I ever loved besides Eleni.
It’s far easier to address the messages from my mother who is incredibly in the dark about everything. She has updates from the labor camp and about Logan.
Logan was spotted in downtown New Orleans. He reportedly checked himself into a medical clinic last week and they ran some tests verifying he has end-stage NV2. He’s only been given a few months to live. My parents sent money to his last known address.
I hate that they did that. I hate that Logan made them do that. Especially because that was some of the last money I sent out—the last money they’ll ever receive from me. And we were so close to paying down their debt. We were only a year away. One stupid fucking year.
But here’s the thing—they can survive the labor camp for another month. Logan—he might be dead by then. Dead. Another person dead. He’ll be like Eleni—another hole in my world and everything else shrinking around it. My world is getting smaller and smaller.
I scroll through the inbox. Nothing else of note. Everything else is irrelevant. My brother is dying and I’m heading in the complete opposite direction of my loved ones for the vaguest of possibilities that we can find a cure. We’re heading into a nest of Contras armed with nothing but a single vial of blood and the odd chance that the Matador is a real person who cares enough for a dead robot girl not to shoot us on sight.
Another chime. I click on the band again and steel myself for something equally awful and jarring. It’s only a system generated notification. In any other situation it would be banal and after taking note I would swipe it away.
I can’t swipe it away.
Everyone I ever loved besides Eleni.
It’s a GPS location, updating me of Eleni Garza’s coordinates. Somewhere in the south. Florida. Len’s in Florida. The notification indicates the information was sent this morning at 11:31am. All the spit in my mouth dries up. Nervous sweat blooms on my underarms.
Eleni’s in Florida.
It could mean anything. It could mean an overwhelming number of things. But what it ultimately means is that my best friend’s body is in Florida. Len was not from Florida. None of Len’s relatives lived in Florida—that I know of.
Why would her body be in Florida? Why would her dead body be pinging my band at 4:40pm on a random Tuesday with her location when she is dead?
I click on the band, bring up the notification and scan through the other pings from Eleni’s band that failed to go through. Locations. They’re all locations. Different locations that registered all within the last week and corresponding to the day she died. First the Fort Columbia base. Then the Prothero medical facilities in Washington DC. And then this backwater town in Florida.
Titusville, Florida.
The door bursts open and Rabbit tumbles through. I slam a hand down over my band and the notification drops away. I flash him a huge smile, probably too huge, because his eyebrows crumple.
“You look good,” I say and my voice echoes too loudly against the close walls.
He looks good—and he doesn’t. His arm is properly bandaged and he’s freshly bathed, but the black veins are pushing themselves up his neck now. He grim smiles at me and takes a seat on the chair across the table. A broad-shouldered guard chains him up and then we’re alone.
“You OK?” I ask.
“Yeah, I’m OK.” He tries to smile again but the result is haunting and I look away.
I’m not gonna say anything about Senator Fuller’s visit or the GPS notification. I’m not gonna say anything about Titusville, Florida. For one—there are ears listening to everything we say and eyes watching everything we do. For two—I don’t want Rabbit to know. I don’t want him to know anything because it probably means nothing. Just a signal pinging from the band of a dead girl.
But the thing is, if you’re dead—your band signal shouldn’t keep pinging. It should be as dormant as your empty, lifeless body. Kinetics can’t charge something with nothing. Someone has Len’s band. Someone is alive with Len’s band.
“They gonna let us go?” I ask, scooting the water glass towards him. Avoiding eye contact is the best move I have right now.
He nods absently and then we both turn towards the door. Waiting.
Without looking at him I ask, “What did Senator Fuller want you to do?”
“Don’t worry about it.”
“I’m sorry. Try that again.”
“Drop it, Buford.”
“I will not. I’m just as invested in this mission and it’s really not cool leaving me in the dark.” I’m still not looking at him. My cheeks flush beat red. I’m leaving him in the dark. Grilling him might be hypocritical but the information he’s withholding is different. It’s just different.
I can’t lose him here. I can’t feed him false hope or send us on a wild goose chase to Titusville, Florida. He would direct course in a heartbeat and as much as I care about Len and the mystery GPS signal—she isn’t the only ghost haunting me. I’m not impulsive like Len was. I’m not idealistic or heroic like her. I just want to protect my family. I want the cure and I don’t want to unravel the mystery of the pings.
Who cares about some stupid notifications? They don’t mean anything. They don’t. Len is dead. She died. She’s fucking dead.
A hysterical giggle rises in my chest and I cut it short by clearing my throat. Rabbit stirs from his malaise.
“What I’m going to do—it’s not something that’ll cost you anything. We’re getting out of here and going to Mexico City with Len’s cure. Then you save the world or whatever and I keep my end of the bargain to Fuller.” Rabbit finally turns to me and there is a hypnotizing darkness in his eyes that captures mine and I’m rooted to the spot. “That good enough for you?”
“Sure.”
We don’t talk until the senator strolls in again. He’s whistling a little and the door behind him is open enough to reveal more armed guards.
“Your chariot awaits.” Senator Fuller smiles and gestures towards the open door. “Oh, I almost forgot the handcuffs. My apologies—having never aided terrorists and murderers before I do forget the formal customs.”
A heavily armored guard steps forward to release the cuffs and then re-cuffs us. We shuffle towards the door—chains tinkling.
“Now isn’t that some happy music to march to?” Senator Fuller observes. We move through the door and the guards step behind us with the senator shielded behind them.
Fuller’s gaze roasts us like the fires of hades. He seems to be taking extreme pleasure in our humiliating walk. We exit the hallway through a set of doors and meet up with a humvee filled with more armed soldiers. It drives on a straight path towards the large warehouse where the telepad is stored. Everyone sweats and no one speaks for a while until the senator turns towards me and blasts me with the full force of his righteous anger.
“What was it like?” Senator Fuller asks, his lips pulling back into a sneer. “What was it like when you pulled the trigger and killed my son?”
A strangled noise erupts from my mouth instead of a response. All I can see is the bloodied missing face of the sunflower girl. Vomit climbs up from my stomach.
“Don’t answer that.” Rabbit shifts on the seat and the cuffs jangle.
“Did you feel powerful putting a bullet in his head?” His sneer grows wider.
It’s dark outside. Nighttime. Eleni’s face crumples and falls out of my view. My finger scrapes against the trigger of the plasma rifle and a bullet fires out of the barrel. Clinton’s skull blows apart and blood and brains—
“Leave her alone,” Rabbit says, his tone icy.
The senator’s eyes slide over to Rabbit and he leans back in his seat, contemplatively. “Fine then. We can concentrate on you. What was it like watching your girlfriend die?”
Eleni’s face crumples and falls out of my view. My finger scrapes against the trigger of the plasma rifle and a bullet fires out of the barrel.
“She wasn’t—she wasn’t my girlfriend,” Rabbit stammers.
“It must have been so traumatizing standing there, watching her life slip away. You kids—” he shakes his head— “so young and full of life with your bright futures ahead of you. Only to be snuffed out at such an early age. And that little girlfriend of yours especially—she has so much potential.”
Eleni’s face crumples and falls out of my view.
“Eleni’s dead,” Rabbit’s voice breaks around the words but his hard stare at Fuller doesn’t waiver. “She died in my arms.”
The nausea subsides and ice forms around my heart and stomach instead. My fingernails dig into my thighs.
“Did I say has? How silly of me. There’s no possible way your girlfriend is still alive.” The senator winks at me. He winks at me. Not Rabbit. I open my mouth to say something, but only dry, hot air leaves my lungs. Rabbit still doesn’t look at me and that is my only saving grace.
“Eleni is dead.” I croak out and both heads swivel towards me. “She didn’t have a pulse when we left her there. Neither of them had a pulse.”
“Well then, I’m sorry for your loss.” The senator smiles comfortingly and pats my arm. His fingers against my shoulder are like poisonous razors. I remember the poise of his finger on the knife and shrink away from his touch, but I can’t move far with the restraints. His eyes glitter in the darkened humvee.
“I’m sorry for yours,” I say, and my voice only registers as a hoarse whisper.
The senator gives me a shriveling and violent look that’s almost like a punch. “At least someone around here has manners.”
I ball my fists in my lap and stare straight ahead. Whatever game the senator is playing I don’t want to be a part of it.
Rabbit closes his eyelids, and more silence ensues. The vehicle slows and stops near the outer doors of the warehouse. More guards. More guns. We are off-loaded and dumped at the door and Senator Fuller trails close behind with his entourage.
I wonder what the point of all this is. Maybe this was part of the bargain he made to get us access to the base, but I just wish he would go away. I can’t think straight, and I want out of this prison that isn’t really a prison and I want to be on the other side already.
I glance over at Rabbit as we pass through the doors and he lifts his shackled hands to touch a finger to his nose. A bloody smear rubs off on his skin but it’s not the warm vibrant red of blood. It’s black. My heart picks up pace. Rabbit exchanges a long, loaded glance with me and fear trickles into the empty nothingness my brain has been filled with for the last few hours. Senator Fuller claps his hands and startles us both.
“Bon voyage, kids.” He fixes a maniacal glare on Rabbit. “I’ll see you soon, Rory. I wonder who you’ll be then.”
The doors close, whisking the senator away behind them. My heart does a silent cheer as we’re herded into a small prep room where we disrobe. Rabbit is selected to go through first and steps up onto the platform. Bright lights and a digitized lady voice fill the room—it marks the time and counts down until lift-off. Rabbit’s thin frame is exposed as he stands on the telepad and in the brilliant light dark spidery black veins crawl all over his body. He stares off into the distance and then vanishes.
I’m suddenly and insanely terrified about the prospect of being magically transported from one location to another. There’s something fundamentally wrong about all this. It’s not natural. Senator Fuller watches from the side lines with folded arms—a hungry smirk peeking out of the corners of his mouth.
I can’t move. I’m rooted to the spot with fear and a bit of embarrassment at being naked and trembling in front of these nameless, faceless strangers. It’s like one of those dreams where you show up to school without any clothes on and everyone is pointing and staring and laughing. Then a great bright white light swallows you whole and there’s a little piece of your life that goes missing. I get lost.

I get found again. On the other side, in ye olde Houston, Texas. I return to my human form and I’m nude and fetally curled on the telepad. A team of more nameless, faceless people rush at me and I’m lifted, carried, sat down, and clothed. I’m placed on a bench next to Rabbit and re-cuffed. Two guards escort us out of the telepad warehouse into a smaller debriefing room and uncuff us.
“According to General Wong’s orders—you’re free to go. We were asked to issue you these new military grade bands.” The guard pulls two bands out of his pocket.
I swallow and hold out my hand sheepishly, a cold fear lurching in my gut. This is how it begins. This is where they take us prisoner and we spend the rest of our short lives rotting in jail before they kill us. Rabbit furrows his brows.
“That wasn’t part of the deal I made with Senator Fuller.”
“This isn’t part of your deal. It’s part of ours. If you expect to walk free from this telepad facility and the Randolph Space Center—you will do so wearing these bands. Or you won’t walk out at all. Your choice. Take it or leave it.” The guard drops the bands on the table in front of us.
“We’ll take it.” I pick one up and slip it over my naked wrist. Rabbit sighs loudly and adds the band to his other wrist as well. Now we’re both dual wielding bands. They look more like cuffs when you’re wearing two of them.
“Can we go?” Rabbit asks, voice filling with steel.
“We will escort you from the premises. Once you have left our doors—Senator Fuller was very clear that you are to be left alone to carry out your mission. He advised that you would need some supplies to reach your destination. We’ve prepared a bag.” The guard reaches down to plucks up a bag from the floor and sets it on the table.
Rabbit doesn’t move to pick up the bag—probably because of his burnt arm. So, I grab the straps and slip it over my shoulders. Compared to our previous baggage, this one hardly weighs a thing. I can’t even imagine what’s in it. I’m curious, but not curious enough to linger any longer than is needed on this base, under the watch of these guards. In fact, the longer we loiter here—the larger my anxiety grows about a sudden change of course. It would take nothing for them to re-cuff us and stuff us down in the basement to await Prothero justice.
“Wonderful.” The guard knocks on the door and more soldiers appear.
We’re marched to the front doors of the building—it’s close to dusk by this time and there are only a few stragglers in the lobby and the adjacent gift shop. They eye us with interest as we pass but are kept at bay by the assault rifles wielded by our guards. The guards stop at the door, so we file past them. I smell the fresh tangy air of Texas and my heart leaps into my mouth. Rabbit lets out an involuntary sigh and I could fall to my knees and kiss the earth.
Instead I keep walking straight ahead with Rabbit trailing behind me. I glance back over my shoulder to see if he’s keeping pace and he’s stopped. He stares up at the giant structure of the space center which engulfs the horizon and throws a long shadow over us. They still send aircraft into space here. And there’s gaunt Rabbit, staring in awe at the looming spacecraft when really we should be putting distance between ourselves and this facility.
“Rabbit.”
“Coming. I’m coming,” he mutters but he doesn’t turn around.
I’m peripherally aware that this was a thing he once wanted, a place that held value to him, and to leave this sacred place escorted by armed guards to an uncertain future was probably not in his life plan.
But it wasn’t in mine either. And we really shouldn’t stay here any longer.
Rabbit doesn’t stir so I stomp over and grab his good arm, pulling him backwards along behind me. Now we’re both moving in the right direction. Well, it’s a direction anyway. I don’t seem to know what the right direction is anymore.
“Where are we going?” I ask.
“Straight and then left at the intersection.”
When we’re far enough outside of the base perimeter to pause, we stop to inspect the newly issued pack. I lift the straps off my shoulders and swing it around in front of me—peering inside at the contents.
There’s a water reclaimer, rations, a medical device that looks strangely like the nano thingy Len used to shoot up all the time, and a gun. They forgot my pain pills. That sucks.
“They gave us a gun.”
“No they didn’t,” Rabbit says, swiping the pack from my hands. He peers down inside, sees the gun, and says, “huh.”
“Told you. Why would they give us a gun, Rabbit?”
“And this.” Rabbit pulls out the injector device. He ignores my question about the gun.
“That’s like Len’s what’s-it-called.”
“Injector. It’s a nano suppressant injector.”
“And the gun?”
“I didn’t ask for the gun. Or the injector.” He sets the injector against his thumb and clicks the trigger, then drops it back down into the bag. He zips it up and looks at me, a bit defiantly.
“Senator Fuller just gave us those things for no reason at all?”
“He has his reasons.” He shrugs and tosses the bag over his shoulder.
“Cool. It would be cool if—at some point on this journey—you would trust me enough to share information that might help us both survive.” I grab at the pack from his shoulder and he relents without any struggle.
“If I think you need to know, I’ll tell you. Otherwise, it’s none of your business.” Rabbit side steps me and continues walking.
“How about divulging where we’re going? I need to pee.” I fish around inside the pack to see if they provided us with an alternative urination device.
No such luck.
My hands do bump against the blood vial and an involuntary shudder passes through me. I wonder about that. I wonder about how Rabbit was able to sneak it through National Service security. If he needed to sneak it at all.
“It’s a couple miles from here.” He waves absently in the direction of the city—looming on the horizon with lights blazing in all the high rises. Houston, Texas survived the NV. “And there’s a bathroom.”
I shoot him a scowl. “There’d better be.”
“There is. We’re going somewhere safe, somewhere we can regroup for the night.”
I squint even further.
“No more bears?”
“No more bears.”
“No more army bases?”
“No more army bases.”
“No more bad things for the night?”
“No more bad things for the night. I promise.”
And we walk on into the night—towards the blinking lights of Houston—where no more bad things happen. Almost.


CHAPTER FIFTEEN:
ATONEMENT
“I’m sorry about freezing you.” I sit down at the cafeteria table next to Lucretia. NEL chirrups and flits over to settle on my shoulder. “Twelve said I should apologize.”
“Wow. Apology not accepted,” Lucretia sniffs and squints at NEL. “Traitor.”
Across the table, Milla squirms in her seat and waves over at me. “Hi. Hello. How’d you do that anyway? That freezy thing in the SIM?”
I shrug. Lucretia narrows her brows at me.
“But it was very wrong to do,” I say quickly, flashing Lucretia a weak smile. Her shoulders soften.
“Are you kidding me? It was amazing! I’ve never seen anything like it.”
Lucretia rolls her eyes. “It was reckless.”
I swallow and tap NEL on the forehead nervously. “It was wrong. I could’ve killed someone.”
“Who? Him?” Milla gestures across the room at Twelve. “Who cares. It was incredible. You’re incredible.”
“I’m confused. I thought it was wrong.”
“Milla—stop messing with her.” Lucretia shakes her head and nods to the empty seat. “Sit down, weirdo. If NEL thinks you’re alright—” But her stare cuts across the room to Twelve.
“Lu’s just mad cause you almost killed her boyfriend,” Milla says with a grin.
Lucretia covers her face with her hand. “Oh my god you are so embarrassing. He’s not even my boyfriend. I barely know the dude.”
“Well now you do. Zero here almost killed him and made you a solid introduction. You know what they say—shoot your shot,” Milla chortles, sticking her tongue out at Lucretia. “Literally.”
I frown down at Lucretia. I still haven’t decided whether or not it’s safe to sit. “I don’t understand. I thought you were mad at me?”
Lucretia throws up her hands and Milla laughs even harder. “I was. I’m not anymore. Are you gonna sit or what? I’m about to revoke the invitation.”
“I’m gonna sit,” I say, and then the back of my head explodes. A horrible squealing feedback rolls through my ears. Both ears. I grab the table to anchor myself but my body pitches forward anyway. Lucretia reaches up to catch me. The sound builds into a crunchy distortion and the overhead lights flicker. Lucretia snatches her hands away to cover her ears. She hears it too. Everyone does—everyone is covering their ears. Across the room Twelve grimaces. The lights dim and throw the entire room into chaos and confusion.
The squealing distortion blocks out all other noise, grinding into my head with an unbearable pressure. The lights flash—dim again—and then finally return to full brightness. I rub at my ringing ears and Lucretia tugs on my arm.
She gestures towards my nose. I brush at my upper lip and pull my finger away. It’s covered in slick red blood. A wave of uncanny rolls over me. This is familiar. This is too familiar. My heart and stomach flip. I glance around the cafeteria, looking desperately for the source of the feedback. Maybe it’s Mateo.
But there’s no one.
A robotic voice grinds into my left ear. Wake up—the voice urges.
“Wake up?” I repeat out loud. Twelve frowns at me across the cafeteria. “I’m already awake. Why do you keep telling me to wake up?”
“Who are you talking to?” Lucretia asks, tugging on my arm again.
“Nothing. No one.”
Blood pushes out from between my fingers and I tilt my head up to stop the bleeding. Overhead the bell chimes to announce the end of our meal. The door to the cafeteria slides open and Dr. Dawson enters. Twelve’s frown deepens. He doesn’t like Dr. Dawson very much. From the annoyed arch of Milla’s eyebrows—I can tell she doesn’t like him much either.
“Time to go kids,” Dawson announces. He squeezes my shoulder possessively. “Zero, why don’t you come with me?” He whispers into my left ear. It leaves a tingle and causes another weird wave of uncanny to flood my senses. Something is happening. Something weird is happening but I can’t wrap my sluggish brain around it.
“Calm down, Doc,” Milla says, crossing her arms. “It’s just a little nosebleed.”
“You OK, Zero?” Twelve asks as he approaches our table.
Lucretia’s eyes bulge at Twelve. On my shoulder NEL chirrups and zips over to him, but instead of her customary landing, NEL scans him and then flits back to Lucretia’s shoulders with a chime. Lucretia groans.
“Thanks, NEL. Real smooth.”
“Wait. Are you OK too?” Twelve asks, glancing down at Lucretia. “What’s going on?”
“This is nuts!” Milla exclaims, slamming her hand down on the table. “Everyone’s gone nuts. I love it.”
“Go to your SIMs,” Dr. Dawson commands. No one at the table stirs. They’re all looking at me—waiting for me to do something. Say something. In the corner of my sight I catch Benjamin Rojas waiting by the doors.
What is he doing there? What are all these people waiting for? What do they want from me?
“I can take her to the infirmary,” Twelve says. Lucretia looks between Twelve and Dawson and then scoots over towards Twelve. Her duty to her friends is bypassing her embarrassment.
“Yeah, we got this.” Lucretia folds her arms now too.
I tilt my head further back and look up at Dawson.
“I’m OK,” I say, although it comes out garbled between my pinched nostrils. “Really. Just a nosebleed.”
Only the liquid that drips down my chin is not bright red blood. It’s cloudy and dark. Not black like Eleni Garza remembers. But not quite right.
Dawson frowns down at me and then around at the others in the cafeteria who stand like bodyguards—closely watching his every move.
“Alright. You can take her to the infirmary. I have to go check on something anyway.” Dawson steps back. Twelve and Lucretia circle the table and come up on both sides of me. I shakily slip from the chair and they help me shuffle to the door where Milla and Benjamin join us.
“Bye Dawson,” Lucretia mutters without turning around to fully address him.
Dr. Dawson makes a disgruntled noise then turns on his heels and stalks out ahead of us. Lucretia wheels on Milla and Benjamin.
“Don’t you all have somewhere to be?” Lucretia snaps.
Milla and Benjamin exchange a look.
“Nope,” Milla says.
“Fine. It’s a party then.” Lucretia sighs.
“You don’t get the fresh meat all to yourself. You have to share,” Milla insists, attempting to wedge herself between us. Lucretia blocks her with a strong elbow.
“You’re the worst.”
“And that’s why you love me. What do you suppose all that noise was about?” Milla asks.
I shake my head, an awkward task given that it’s still tilted to stem the flow of blood.
“Dawson straight ran into the cafeteria like his pants were on fire,” Lucretia says.
“Liar, liar, pants on fire,” I mutter in my nasal voice.
That elicits small chuckles from the assembled group. Everyone except Benjamin, who doesn’t seem to have the capacity for laughter or humor.
“Liar is right,” Twelve grumbles. Milla punches his shoulder in agreement.
“You don’t like Dawson?” I ask Twelve.
Lucretia picks up my train of thought. “Yeah what’s up with that? Did he steal your ice cream cone or something?”
Twelve’s neck and cheek flush red. Lucretia grins and on her shoulder, NEL chirrups in amusement. “I don’t know. I just don’t like him.” Twelve shrugs. “And I’ve never had an ice cream cone. Just ice cream in a bowl.”
We walk another few feet in silence.
“You guys heard that voice, right?” I ask, eyes flickering around the group—everyone holds my steady gaze, except Twelve.
“You heard a voice?” he asks.
“After the horrible squeal noise. It said, ‘wake up.’” I nudge Twelve. “You said that to me in the SIM. You know—that one time when I tried to kill you.”
“Yeah—” Twelve clears his throat. “I do remember that.”
“You mean yesterday? When you tried to kill him in the SIM yesterday?” Lucretia says. “I didn’t hear any voice.”
It was probably nothing. I vow to put it out of my brain, to push the memory back into the foggy darkness with all the other remnants of things I don’t want to know or remember. But then Lucretia stops walking.
“Was it a computer voice?” she asks, glancing up and down the hallway as if checking to make sure no one will overhear our conversation. “Cause I hear machines talking all the time.”
Twelve stirs next to me. He’s not frowning anymore, but he is studying my face.
“You stopped bleeding.” He points towards my nose.
“Good. I’m tired of infirmaries and needles anyway.”
“You want to go to the SIM instead?” Milla asks, eyes twinkling. Benjamin makes a low grumbling noise in his chest.
“You really think that’s a good idea?” Lucretia asks. “Do you want to get killed this time?”
“Technically, I didn’t kill anyone. And I don’t want to kill anyone. At least not anymore. But I did hear a voice and I want to know who it was. What it was,” I say.
Another moment lapses and then we all slowly turn and head in the opposite direction of the infirmary. We’re walking towards the SIM now.
“Me too,” Twelve murmurs beside me. “I want to know who or what it was.”
“Because you heard it?” I ask.
He doesn’t answer right away but the lights flash overhead and another sour note squeals from the loudspeakers.
“This place is haunted,” Milla says, hugging her arms and rubbing her shoulders.
“It wasn’t haunted until she showed up,” Benjamin nods towards me.
Maybe he’s right. Maybe it’s me. Maybe I’m haunted by the ghost of Eleni Garza. By the ghost of Mateo. Maybe it’s not something in the building. It’s something in me.
“I think it wants you. Whoever or whatever it is. It said Zero when it talked to me the first time,” Twelve says. “The first time I heard it, it just said your name.
“And then what?” Lucretia demands.
“And then Zero was there the next day at KERN. Except you know—she tried to kill me.” Twelve shuffles his feet. “So I thought maybe it was a warning. And then it said Wake Up in the SIM but the words were strong like something burning into my brain. I knew it was a message for you, Zero.”
“Huh,” Lucretia says—her gaze flitting between the two of us. “Anything else?”
“Yeah, just now in the cafeteria. The voice said Follow Zero. It said to follow you. I wasn’t sure at first if I wanted to. But I think—I think it’s the right thing to do. I’m going to follow you. As long as you promise not to try and kill me again.”
I swallow and nod, momentarily robbed of words. He looks around at the assembled group and raises his eyebrows. “What about all of you?”
Milla and Benjamin and Lucretia all exchange glances. “Yeah. We’re gonna follow you too,” Lucretia says. Milla shrugs and Benjamin gives a barely discernible nod of his head.
“Why?” I ask. “Because some computer voice told you to?”
“No,” Milla answers. “Because we know who you really are. And I think this is going to be fun.”
We’ve stopped at the doors of the SIM and they fold open in front of us. I remember Dawson didn’t want me to come back here again. Walking into the SIM would be like betraying his direct order. Everyone steps ahead and through the doors. I linger at the entrance—undecided.
“Come on,” Milla grabs my arm and gives it a tug. “Let’s see what happens next.”

We’re creating in the SIMs today. The huge warehouse is emptied of any artificial location design and only four bare walls and a cavernous high ceiling surround us. These kinds of generative tasks cut through the thickest of the grey fog, waking up even the sleepiest parts of my brain.
I create trees first because there’s a small grove visible through the little window in my room. They’re like the trees in Eleni Garza’s memory—lush, green, and hanging heavy with lime fruits. As I construct them, one of the limes sags off the tree and falls to the ground.
Benjamin Rojas leans up against the wall with his arms crossed, watching me work. The lime rolls up against his shoe and he bends down to pick it up, then tosses it towards me. I grab it out of the air and slip it into the pocket of my hoodie, giving him a small smirk. He returns a tight-lipped smile and slumps back against the wall, drawing the hood over his face.
I wonder if he plans to sleep standing up. I wonder why he doesn’t take advantage of the opportunity to make anything or anyone he wants when everyone else around him is doing the same.
There’s a certain sense of freedom here. But it’s not the right kind of freedom. It’s the right word but it doesn’t taste the way it should on my tongue.
We have the freedom to create people. Other patients around me create their friends, family, and loved ones. My world is so small—I don’t have any friends, family, or loved ones to inspire me. I want to create the faces swirling around in the grey fog of my brain—the faces of the people Eleni loved—but the grey pushes against me. The harder I try to grip the people, the more they slip away.
The only face and form I know is Mateo. But I don’t want him back. Mateo is not real. He’s just a fancy version of the Delta artificial intelligence. He’s another tool Prothero wields against me—a projection they created to control me. At least, that’s what I think.
I step over to the side of the SIM, overwhelmed and overcrowded by the creations buzzing around me. A middle-aged woman carrying a bundled baby in her arms shoves past me while I stand on the sidelines. As I brush her nanos off my arm, I catch a glimpse of Mateo across the room. He stands in a similar stance to Benjamin, with his arms crossed, leaning against the wall.
When he finally notices me watching, he begins to stalk across the room. His steps are purposeful and the stare he levels me with is intense. I can’t look away. The noise and chaos and bright lights all around me narrow and dim until Mateo is the only thing in the room. He sucks up all the creations as he passes—flowers, balloons, bright sunlight, men in fancy suits, young children giggling and running. They flicker away into nothingness as he strides towards where I stand rooted to the spot.
An image forms in a nano cloud behind him—one that is simultaneously familiar and terrible. A piece of a nightmare that was lodged in Eleni Garza’s mind breaks free from the grey and goes wheeling through my brain like an explosion of light. It’s bright and intense, threatening to push up out of my skull.
What builds behind Mateo as he moves is a dark expansion of the SIM warehouse itself. The room lights with an eerie blue glow. A giant floating orb emerges—attached to the ceiling and floor with tendrils of wires that hold the orb into place. The machine thrums, vibrating on a higher frequency than anything else surrounding it. It’s metal outside shivers and shudders in the dark, moving like some kind of living thing. I’ve seen this image before. In my dreams. In my nightmares.
Mateo advances until he’s only inches from me. Closer than he’s ever been. He holds his hand out and his eyes bore into mine with a powerful desire. My heart flops and sputters.
“Come with me, Eleni Garza,” Mateo says, his voice grizzled and full of bass. Too loud. The higher notes make both my ears ring, although the sound is much more intense in the left one.
“That’s enough, Zero.” Reznik’s voice cuts like a knife, stabbing from unseen speakers in the walls and ceiling above. I glare up at the crow’s nest, from where she surveys the entire SIM. “We’d like to see something else.”
Cold light shivers over the Mateo projection. The giant orb pulses in the background. All the other projected creations the patients worked on are gone now. It’s just Mateo and the orb.
“So would I,” I shout back up at her, defiance coloring my words.
I took my attention away from Mateo for the briefest instant and I expect him to have vanished, just like the last few times. But it’s not like the last few times. He’s still here, his hand extended, his facial expression set. This time, he will not take no for an answer.
The other KERN patients, including Benjamin, Lucretia, Twelve, and Milla look up at Reznik to gauge her response. Probably no one has ever openly defied Reznik this way. But I am Zero, the clone of Eleni Garza. And we both hate Reznik.
I reach my hand out to the Mateo projection, and take a step forward. Our fingers bump together and send a spark of blue light flaring and undulating across the SIM. It shoots away from us in a ripple, slamming into the other students and knocking them off their feet.
“What are you?” I whisper to Mateo, watching a smile build on his lips.
“I am the traveler in the dark. And together we will light the path,” he says. His hand is cold and firm. Real. His fingers are long and when they intertwine with mine another pulse rumbles the SIM, but this time it comes from behind Mateo. The orb shivers and cracks open.
A shimmering bird outlined in blue spills out of the cracked orb. It’s tail feathers are so long they trail the ground and it’s wings are so large and expansive they brush against the ceiling and walls. It hovers in the air for a moment and then bursts into cold, arching blue flames.
“That’s enough.”
The band around my wrist explodes in a dazzling white fire that brings me crashing down to my knees. I rip my hand from Mateo and wrap my arms around my chest to squeeze the pain from my body. Twelve, Lucretia, Milla, and Benjamin rush to my side.
Mateo and the bird vanish into a pile of nano dust—whisked into nothingness. The orb breaks apart as my concentration shatters, raining more dust down on the other patients. My vision doubles and triples. Fiery pain snares around my wrist, shooting coiled ropes of heat up and down the length of my body.
The SIM floods with light as the door behind me opens. Dr. Dawson’s rapid steps approach. “Pavel. Stop this!” he shouts.
The band around my wrist cools and an involuntary sigh passes my lips. It only takes a split second for me to look up at the crow’s nest, and a boulder I created is already hovering in the air near it. The rock crumbles into a dozen pieces that hammer into the glass protecting Reznik from us. The glass cracks in place but doesn’t completely shatter. Reznik’s outline distorts and whisks away from view.
A trickle of blood oozes from my nose. I wipe at it absentmindedly as Twelve and Lucretia haul me to my feet. Benjamin steps in front of me, Milla close on his heels.
“You OK?” Benjamin asks, voice gravelly. I nod and offer him a shaky smile.
He falls back, giving me slightly more breathing room, and Milla follows his example.
Dawson grabs my shoulders and spins me around. “El—” Dawson starts, panic flooding his features. He grimaces like he’s in pain and his hands on me tighten. “Zero.”
My eyes flicker to the crow’s nest where Reznik has disappeared back into the bowels of the KERN facility. The band around my wrist snaps on with a hungry, gurgling distortion that feeds bolts of electricity up my left arm. These bolts don’t hurt. They don’t hurt at all. It’s the opposite of hurting.
Something inside the band slips. There’s a crack in the door that has otherwise been firmly shut until now. A breach in the firewall security that I’ve been mentally probing for days. Maybe weeks. Searching for a way in. A presence now lurks near the door—holding it open.
The disembodied computer voice grinds into my ear: Wake up.
The band around my wrist emits a chime. It flashes a GPS notification for Scarlett Buford, the blonde girl from Eleni’s memories. The notification is a pinpoint red dot on a map for the Edwards Airforce Base in California—in the middle of the Mojave Desert.
All four of us in the immediate vicinity: myself, Lucretia, Twelve and Dawson—maybe even some of the other students I can’t see—stare at the notification, momentarily stunned.
I whisk the message away with a flick of my finger and as it goes, the mental fog returns. It’s like being inside a plane ascending into the atmosphere as the gravity pushes forcefully against you and you have no choice but to let your shoulders sag and your body bear the weight. It’s the relentless press of depression. But I know how to beat it back now.
If I want to.
“Are you OK?” Dawson asks, not acknowledging the notification. “Are you OK, Zero?”
“I’m fine,” I answer, offering a small, shaky smile. It’s a phrase I’ve said before. A phrase I keep having to repeatedly say here. My mantra to ward off the bad or the curious. Everyone desperately needs to know if I’m OK and they will only settle for one answer.
I’m fine.
But I’m not fine. Not anymore. I’m haunted.
Dr. Dawson smiles back and casts a quick glance down to my wrist. His smile falters. He knows the notification was wrong but there’s nothing he can do about it now. He can’t stop whatever happened. He can’t control the damage. He seems to think not bringing any more attention to it will make me forget.
But I’ve stopped forgetting. The door was cracked open and the temperature of the air changed. I have changed. “I’m fine,” I repeat, more firmly this time. Dawson takes a step back, releasing his steel grip on my shoulder.
I am more than fine.
The grey fog burned away to reveal a little piece of memory. Scarlett Buford lights up in my brain like a red beacon of hope.
I remember Scarlett Buford.


CHAPTER SIXTEEN:
HOUSTON, TEXAS
We spend the night in a Catholic church. Rabbit knows the priest here—a friendly man who nodded in a conciliatory way when Rabbit explained our made-up plight. The priest gives us a hot meal of stuffed peppers and cold water and fresh bandages for Rabbit’s arm. We snuggle up in blankets on the back pews and snooze through the midnight mass service. They turn down the lights, so the flickering candles throw weird dancing shadows on the walls.
I hardly sleep. I’ve had no real drugs in my system for over twenty-four hours. In the deep hours of the morning, the sweaty shakes and stomach cramping kick into full effect.
I hobble outside a few times to puke off the main entrance into some low shrubs. Rabbit keeps my water glass refreshed, periodically scooping the accumulation of sweat off my forehead, occasionally changing out the washcloth. I should be mad because he promised no bad things tonight, but I only have myself to blame for this.
Near dawn, a glowing blue bird with long trailing feathers rises from Rabbit’s fingertips and hovers in the air near his face. He watches it burst into flames and explode into a pile of shimmering ash in his lap.
He leans over to pick up the dust and it morphs into a bird again, drifting off into the air, and vanishing as the nanos filter into the darkened church rafters.
I must be hallucinating because he doesn’t turn to ask, “Did you see that?” He just wipes a hand over his face, pulling himself up from the pew and wandering off down the aisle towards the bathroom or the holy water or whatever.
Maybe it was just another dream. Or maybe it was Rabbit’s nightmare.
I think it was a little too beautiful to be a nightmare.
He returns with something in his hand which he wordlessly pockets. I’m suspicious but too sick to act on or question it. Besides, Rabbit is the master of not answering questions.
An early service kicks off in the brutal morning light and I decide to sit it out, preferring instead to take my blanket out onto the cool grass and burrow myself in the morning dew. Rabbit joins me after a time.
“I have something for you,” he says.
“No.” I shake my head slowly and painfully, squinting at the jarring noises and bright lights flickering in my skull. “Keep it. Keep it to yourself. I don’t want it.”
“Scarlett,” he says. “This isn’t about saving the world. This is about saving your life.”
His words leave me temporarily speechless, which I’m sure Rabbit appreciates.
“What’s in this data disc—it’s the thing I have on the Fullers. It’s everything I have. There are copies hidden in other places, but you need this. It will keep you alive.”
“What about you?”
He doesn’t say anything and places the disc in my hand, which is already outstretched and waiting. “I need to know you’re safe.” He runs a hand over his fuzzy scalp, pulling the hood over his head. We sit like this until service ends. The priest lets us steal another meal and then kicks us out.
We walk through increasingly rundown and garbage strewn neighborhoods until we reach a ranch style house with bars on the windows and a cactus growing in the front yard. Rabbit stops and stares for a long time but nothing in the house stirs. It’s deadly quiet.
He makes a move like he’s going to walk up to the front door—one foot rolls forward and then stops. He doesn’t move for a full minute. Our exposed position makes my skin itch. Why are we standing here while he moon-eyes some shithole house in the middle of nowhere Texas?
“Rabbit?”
He turns to me with his jaw clenched tight and tears brimming in his eyes. Whatever this place was—or is—maybe he doesn’t want to be back here. Why did he come here?
“Where are we?” I move towards him.
He steps back from me like a spooked animal and walks slowly up the lawn, shambling like an old horror movie zombie. He drops to the ground like a sack of potatoes at the front stoop and lays there—his body twisted around with one arm outstretched on the grass.
“Rabbit, what the fuck are you doing?”
“My sister died here,” he whispers, his voice lousy with emotion. “Right here.”
My stomach drops and I take a deep breath before responding, “Is this—is this your house?” I sink down in the grass next to him.
“My family doesn’t live here anymore,” he whispers. His hand wraps around a clump of grass, clenching and unclenching rhythmically.
“How old was your sister?”
He swallows audibly and the grass clump tears free in his fist. He opens his fingers and lets the blades of grass fall around them. “She was thirteen. I was fifteen. I watched her die. Right—” he turns his hand over, dumping out the grass blades and pats the lawn—“here.”
“Jesus, Rabbit. That’s messed up.” I delicately set my hand on his shoulder.
He flinches and keeps his body locked in an awkward position. “The peace officers shot her in the back. Shot her in the neck. She bled out on the lawn. For three hours they left her body here, sitting in the sun.”
“That’s horrible.” I lay down next to him and wrap my arm around his chest, like how we usually lay in the tent. His body is rigid and still as a corpse.
“I don’t want to be here,” he says, and tears slide over his cheeks and roll off his face into the dust beneath him.
“We aren’t going to stay. Not for long,” I remind him, digging my nose into his side, speaking the words into his ribcage. I can’t watch him cry.
“Things got so fucked up here.” He flops over to me, so our faces press close together. He’s not gonna let me ignore his pain. “I’m losing it,” he whispers, and one of his tears splashes on my cheek.
“Not while I’m around,” I whisper back to him.
He pulls my chin forward and kisses me softly like he did under the stars. I like his lips on mine, but I don’t push it. I want to, but I don’t.
“Thanks, Scarlett,” he says, lips still pressed against me.
“You’re welcome, Rabbit.”
He sniffs loudly and rolls over onto his back, staring up into the bright blue sky. There are no clouds here. No cover to hide from the punishing sun.
“You ready to go?” I ask, propping myself up on my elbow.
He tilts his head back, looking up at the shuttered, barred windows and peeling paint of his former home. “There’s nothing left for me here.” His eyes move across the scenery, drinking it in.
“Where did they go? Your family?”
“Far away.” He shades his eyes and stares up into the sky again, a smile tripping over his lips.
“How far?”
“Very, very far. Second star to the right and straight on until morning,” he murmurs.
“Seriously?” I roll my eyes at him. “That’s Peter Pan.”
“No. They’re on Mars.”
“Yeah right. Did they move to like, Waco or something?”
“No. They’re on Mars. I put them there,” he says with another Rabbit-smile.
“Holy shit.” I turn back to the sky. “How?”
“I gave up everything.” He shrugs and the smile fades from his lips. It never reached the rest of his face anyway.
“If that’s true, how were you planning to get Len into SAI?”
“Give up everything else.”
“That’s your thing, isn’t it? Always making a sacrifice?”
“Saints and martyrs, Buford. When you’re willing to give up everything…no one ever turns you down.” He lets out a cold, hollow chuckle. Painful.
“Jesus, Rabbit.”
“No. I’m more of a saint,” he says.
He pushes up off the ground with a groan and I go sliding off him, back down onto the lawn. I sit for a moment, staring over my shoulder at the sun-bleached emptiness of the house. Then I slowly climb to my feet and join him at the curb. We walk away from the house and Rabbit never once looks back.
“You OK?” I ask, after we’ve rounded the corner and put his traumatic memories firmly behind us.
“Oh yeah, I feel great,” he says with a stupid fake smile.
“For reals.” I nudge at him with my foot.
“I’m OK, Scar.” He nods, the smile melting into a tight lipped grimace. “Just seeing ghosts. Maybe it’s the fever.”
“Yeah, the fever,” I echo.
We wind back through neighborhoods that start to straighten out again: nicer kept lawns, humans milling about on the sidewalks, hover cars puttering down the roads like everything is normal and the world isn’t splitting open with its guts spilling everywhere. People here have decent paying jobs and punch the clock and nothing terrible ever happens in their world. Probably nobody gets shot and there aren’t even bears. I’m never getting over that bear.
Rabbit slows to a stop. “One more thing.”
I groan. My hand slips down to the data disc in my pants pocket and I give it a furtive squeeze. “No more things.”
“I didn’t give you that disc because of Eleni. That disc is for you.”
I roll my eyes. “Yeah, I get it. Thanks, or whatever.” My tone turns unexpectedly soft at the end and I look down at a crack in the sidewalk.
He nods up at the house we’ve stopped in front of—a two story English colonial with bars on the windows and a large wrap-around front porch.
“This is the place where bad things happen. My friend Skye lives here, and she can get us across the border. But we’re going to have to do something in return. Sell drugs or boost hovercars or some other nefarious shit. I don’t know exactly what. We’ll find out soon enough.”
We shrug at one another and walk the path to the front door. Rabbit raises his fist to knock and before he has the chance, a voluptuous woman with jet black hair and expertly shadowed eyes opens the door. She lunges at him. I brace myself for violence but instead they lock lips.
Gross. We were just kissing like thirty minutes ago. Damn. Under the right circumstances, it seems that Rabbit will kiss anyone.
“Welcome home,” she murmurs, slowly disentangling herself from his body. Rabbit seems vaguely reluctant to let her go and I don’t blame him. Whoever she is—she’s stunning. Rabbit is appropriately stunned.
She gives his burnt arm a gentle squeeze and he winces from the pain. Lightning fast she grabs the sleeve of his shirt and rolls it up. She makes a noise, something like a sigh and clicking of her tongue, then utters a swear word in Spanish.
“How bad is it?” she asks, brushing the hood back from his jaws and inspecting the black lines crawling up his neck.
“Pretty bad,” Rabbit admits.
A flush of anger rises inside me that he is so willing to divulge information to this complete stranger. OK, maybe not a stranger to him but she’s definitely a stranger to me.
“Come inside.” She grabs for his other arm and I clear my throat.
“I’m Scarlett.”
She turns to me and tilts her head in a gesture that resonates very strongly of Rabbit, then she takes my hand with a wry smile. She meets my gaze and a strange warmth floods my insides. She has the craziest green eyes I’ve ever seen.
“I’m Skye. Now get inside.”
She presses a palm against the small of my back and practically shoves me through the door into the dark house. Rabbit fumbles in after me and Skye slams the door closed. She vanishes in the haze of Salt smoke filtering through the front entryway and then re-emerges in front of me with one hand on her hip while another twists through her long hair.
Oh man, I miss my long hair. She has a lot of nice long hair.
“You guys hungry or anything?” She gestures towards a hallway I assume leads towards a kitchen and Rabbit must nod behind me because Skye twirls up on her tiptoes and dances down the hall.
We trail along behind her. There’s a small round table with three mis-matched chairs in what could be called a modest dining room. Skye swipes a hand across the table and dumps huge baggies of drugs onto the floor then waves with a flourish for us to be seated. I fall into my seat as Skye dances away again. I’m having a hard time not watching everything she does. She’s mesmerizing.
Rabbit says something then a finger snaps close to my right ear and I turn to him, momentarily enraged at his interruption.
“You want some chorizo?” he asks again, Rabbit-smiling.
“What? Sure. What?” I think maybe I’m dehydrated or the potent cloud of Salt has already affected me or maybe I’m just completely enthralled by this normal and beautiful woman frying something at a stove ten feet in front of us.
The spicy aroma wafting from the pan manages to exceed the delicious scent of Salt in the air by only a narrow margin. Rabbit rises from his chair and heads to a cupboard which he opens to retrieve two glasses. He fills them at the sink and deposits the glasses on the table. He knows this kitchen. He knows where everything is in this kitchen.
“That’s Skye.” Rabbit tilts the cup to his lips and I nod in agreement.
That is Skye. Skye is wonderful.
“Skye is wonderful,” I say and then clap a hand over my mouth.
Skye smiles broadly, waving the spatula as if to say, “Yes, I am Skye, and I am wonderful.”
Rabbit chuckles and sets his cup down.
“Where are we?” I ask.
“This is my place.” Skye answers because she’s ten feet away and can hear everything we’re saying. “Well, mine and Dante’s. Co, you want to grab the tortillas?”
She twirls to some invisible music and her hair catches the light, glittering obscenely. The smell of chorizo—whatever the hell that is—makes my stomach growl.
Rabbit rises from the table again, opens another cupboard, and sets the stack of tortillas on the counter next to her.
“Who is this crazy girl? I like her.” Skye spins again and brandishes a grin at me. It happens so quick I might’ve imagined it. I pinch the soft skin of my arm to remind myself I’m real and everything is real and this is what my life is like now: chorizo in a weird kitchen and strong urges for a beautiful woman I just met.
“Scarlett and I need to cross the border,” Rabbit says. He opens a third cupboard to retrieve a frying pan and clicks a burner on the stove. I sit here at the table—stupid, intrusive, and slightly jealous of Rabbit’s ease, but starting to care less and less as the Salt sinks into my bones.
Skye opens the fridge for a stick of butter and then bumps the door closed with her hips. I lean back in my chair and let out a contented sigh. From his perch at the stove Rabbit smiles wide at me. Oh hell, now we’re both high.
“Crossing the border ain’t free. You guys have any money?” Skye asks brightly. I watch as she carves a slice of butter off the stick and plops it down into the pan, sending a frenzy of spattering into the air.
“No,” Rabbit says, picking up a tortilla and flinging it into the pan after the butter.
“Didn’t think so. You guys have any drugs?” She sets a plate on the counter next to Rabbit. He flips the warm tortilla onto the plate and lays a paper towel on top of it. I take another sip of water. I should help but I don’t know what they’re cooking, and I don’t know what I’m doing here anyway. The smart move is to sit until someone tells me not to.
“I wish,” I say. “Mine got eaten by a bear.”
“What?” Skye asks with a laugh.
“True story.” Rabbit smiles dopily at her. “We got attacked by a bear.”
“Shut up. No way. You gotta tell Dante about that.”
“Yeah. Dante. Where is Dante?” His smiles winks out and Rabbit glowers around the kitchen like a terrified kid hunting for a bogeyman.
“Taking a nap. We got some work tonight. You guys should probably shower cause—” she frowns at Rabbit—“you all stink. You can borrow some clothes too. Cause your clothes kinda suck.”
She’s wearing real people clothes. Her feet are bare and there’s a ring around one of her toes. A long, patterned skirt with slits on the sides hugs her hips and a tank top exposes a bounty of swoon-worthy cleavage.
Her clothes! Real people clothes! Not clothes for escaping from National Service or getting shot or mauled by a bear or being threatened and mentally tortured by a deranged senator. No. These are clothes a drug dealer might wear in her kitchen on a Tuesday night while cooking chorizo.
Another laugh burbles out of me, causing an explosion of smiles all around the kitchen. Rabbit pulls three beers out of the fridge and sets them on the table along with a steaming plate of chorizos and potatoes and tortillas. We feast and it’s literally the best food I’ve had in years. There are little bits of cilantro mixed up with everything and cilantro is the herb of the gods.
“This is so good,” I say through a mouthful of food and Skye beams. Rabbit’s also stuffing his face.
“Skye is the best cook. Ever.” He takes a long swig of beer. “This is the best chorizo I’ve had in my entire life.”
Maybe I should pay more attention to the fact that normally tee-totaling Rabbit is packing away the beer like its water but I have deliberately decided to ignore this fact. Or at least not make a big deal out of it here, in this strange kitchen.
“Co is such a flatterer.” Skye laughs and clinks her beer against his.
Rabbit clinks beers with someone and I don’t even skip a beat. I can’t tell if it’s the drugs or if it’s Skye.
“This cilantro is fresh. You have fresh cilantro. Do you have a greenhouse?” I ask, peering around as if one would materialize in the kitchen before us.
“We have a greenhouse in the back. Duh. How else are we going to grow everything year-round?” Skye says. “We have peppers and tomatoes and even a little lime tree. You wanna check it out?”
“Later.” Rabbit mumbles around a mouthful of food.
“Co—you are no fun. Always so serious,” Skye says with a mock Rabbit scowl and I laugh again. It feels good to laugh.
“Who is Co?”
Skye points her finger at Rabbit. “Him.”
“Co is short for?”
“Conejo. Rabbit.”
Rabbit sets his beer down and leans back in his chair—his eyelids half-mast. “A conejo is a Contra spy.”
He looks at me across the table—his expression completely flat and unreadable. He holds me in his gaze—traps me there and dares me to say something else, to ask another question. I decide that I don’t really want to know.
I decide that the Rabbit who is comfortable here in this kitchen is a different, scary Rabbit entirely. I wonder how many different Rabbits there really are. He is a far cry from the stuttering intellect of Fort Columbia. Or from the wounded, vulnerable kid who just laid down in the dirt and cried where his sister died.
“A conejo is also a rabbit,” Skye interjects. She reaches for my chin and pulls it towards her. “He’s just trying to scare you. There are no Contras around here, girly. Just you and me and a lot of drugs. What do you like?”
My eyes pop and I could seriously kiss her right now.
“One of each?” I ask, a lilt to my voice.
Skye shakes her head. “No, silly. What do you like to sell? We got a little of everything.”
“Salt. I’m good at Salt. And Ecto.”
“Ooh Ecto. That’s my favorite! OK. Hurry and shower and then we’ll do your makeup.” Her eyes rove over my body. “You could probably fit into my stuff.”
She dismisses me with a twist of her body and her full attention blasts Rabbit. “We need to talk,” she says to him. His eyelids flag as he stares off into Rabbit-space and then takes another sip of beer. He runs his tongue over his teeth and then rolls his gaze over to her.
“We do,” he says, and his tone is as flat as his gaze.
This isn’t my first adventure into a drug house. This isn’t my first time dealing with people who live on the other side of the law. But Skye and Rabbit aren’t like the people I’m used to. There’s some extra layer between them that I don’t understand. Some hidden level of communication. Skye calls and Rabbit responds but the way he does it is like a robot. I shiver.
“Rabbit?” I ask.
His shifts his attention back to me and there’s a flicker of recognition and the Rabbit I know, before the mask falls back across his face.
“Go on.” He gestures with his head towards the back end of the house. I exit the kitchen into the hallway and come upon a set of stairs leading to the second story. I climb them. The new hallway is filled with closed doors that I’m terrified to knock on so I’m relieved when Skye calls from the bottom steps. “Second door on the right. Towels in the top drawer.”
I take the most incredible shower that has ever been taken in human existence with hot water lightly spraying from a faucet above my head and soft soap brushing across my skin. I shave my legs and armpits and brush my teeth with someone’s toothbrush which is disgusting but who cares. I can’t even remember the last time I brushed my teeth. Probably like two days ago. Maybe even three. Time is a vortex. Time is a wheel. Time is a figment of our imagination, but nothing tells time like unbrushed teeth.
I sit on the edge of the tub with a towel wrapped around my faded pink hair and one wrapped around my body. There’s a mirror above the sink and I’m mesmerized by my own image. I’m slimmer—my collar bone protrudes from my chest. My cheeks are sunken and bags cloud underneath my eyes. My face and shoulders and neck are scorched red from the sun. Clumps and splatters of freckles dot my skin everywhere else that isn’t burnt.
The look in my eyes though—that’s what I don’t recognize. I look devastated. I look beaten and haggard and hollowed out. A sob builds in my throat, but it’s interrupted by an unconcerned knock and Skye hollering through the door, “You done in there?”
I pad across the cracked tile and slide the door open. Skye hands me a wad of clothes and urges me to change. I do so quickly—making a mental note that the clothes she provided are basically a companion to what she currently wears—a long slitted skirt and a tank top. She obviously loves me. I even discard the Prothero provided underwear because there’s nothing more intimate than wearing the underwear of a beautiful stranger.
She knocks on the door again with the impatience of a small child. I answer fully clothed and she ushers me down the hallway towards yet another closed door. Beyond it there’s a bed and a dresser, and clothes are scattered among empty beer bottles and drug paraphernalia. Rabbit is sprawled across the bed staring blankly at the ceiling. He doesn’t even stir when we enter the room. She insists I sit down on the bed—shoving one of Rabbit’s legs over and out of the way.
“Get up and shower, Co,” she commands.
Rabbit stirs, heaves himself off the bed, and lurches in the direction of the bathroom.
Skye clucks her tongue. “He’s so dramatic.”
“Tell me about it.”
“You ready to get beautified?” She grips my shoulders with excitement.
No sentence has even been more perfect or sounded so dreamy coming from the glossed lips of a heavenly angel such as this. How did she know that all I really needed to become whole again was a decent meal, a hot shower, a makeover, and the promise of drugs?
“Yes please!”
Skye plucks a makeup kit off the floor where it was buried underneath a pile of socks.
“You have nice eyes,” she says. I bite back the desire to repeat the statement to her and smile wide instead. “That’s where we concentrate all of our firepower. You also have very luscious lips and your cheekbones are outrageous.”
Skye runs a verbal commentary of all my best physical features and by the time I’m properly made up—my face is almost completely unrecognizable.
Rabbit shouts in Spanish from the bathroom and Skye hops off the bed to assist him. “Back in a second.”
I spend about two seconds alone before I follow her footsteps to the bathroom. Rabbit sits on the toilet with shaving cream slathered over his cheeks, neck, and head. Skye is delicately angling a straight razor along his Adam’s apple when I enter the room.
Skye looks up and smiles at me. “You want to take over? I gotta talk to Dante.” She sets the razor on the sink and breezes past me. She stops long enough to whisper in my ear, “You look tasty.”
Warmth spreads into my nether regions but before I can respond she’s out the door and tripping down the steps like a bronze skinned fairy. I shake my head to break up the licentious thoughts. I pick up the razor and sit down on the edge of the tub next to Rabbit, taking his cue and avoiding the mirror as well. I don’t recognize my own face caked under these layers of makeup and I’m scared to look at it. Rabbit’s wearing his stoic Houston mask and I barely recognize him either.
“Who are you, really?” I sweep the razor over his jaw. He waits to answer.
“Does it matter?” he asks.
“It matters to me. Are you Rabbit from National Service or Rory tied to the Fullers or are you Co a scary ass gang member?”
He meets my gaze in the mirror. “Yes.”
“Fine. You can fix yourself.” I toss the razor in his lap and stand up, turning to leave.
He grabs my arm and an electric pulse sizzles in his grip. Our skin meets with a loud pop like bad static shock. Rabbit lets go of my arm with a grunt and I rub at the tender spot where he touched me.
“What’d you do that for?”
“I didn’t.” He scowls. “I didn’t mean to.”
“Great apology Rory. Or Co. Or whoever.”
“I’m whoever. I’m whoever I need to be.” Rabbit picks up the razor blade and twists it in the scant bathroom light. “The rabbit and the wolf.”
“And the martyr.”
“And the saint. You know who I am Scarlett.” He turns his head to look at me with his soft Rabbit eyes. “You see me. Right?”
A drop of black blood splash onto the blade. He sniffs and wipes at his nose with a nearby towel. I grab the razor and go back to shaving his neck.
“I see you. But you’re changing.”
“No I’m not. Not really. Nothing ever changes,” he says. “Nothing’s changed here. Part of me wants to lose myself here—to just fade back into my old shitty life. At least I know exactly who to be here. What to expect.”
“You can’t stay here.” I tilt his jaw, cutting a nice clean line of skin free from his stubble. “And I can’t really empathize. Home is everything to me. I don’t think Houston means the same thing for you.”
He makes a low sound of agreement. “Bad shit happens here.”
I picture everything I know of Houston and I get as far as the beautiful woman dancing through the halls of this stately old house. “Skye doesn’t seem bad.”
Rabbit chuckles, a low painful chuckle, and his Adam’s apple bobs dangerously. “Skye is wonderful. Until she’s not. You’ll figure it out.”
“When will I figure it out?”
“Probably when you fuck her.” Rabbit leans back in the chair.
“Jesus.”
“Jesus is downstairs. You can fuck him too if you want.”
“It’s nice to know imminent death hasn’t robbed you of your sense of humor. So, you’re not gonna be weird if I fuck your ex-girlfriend? For reals?”
“Fucking for Skye is like a handshake. I assume it’s going to happen and right now she’s plotting to make sure it does.” He cracks one eye and peers over at me. “You two have a lot in common.”
“I can’t tell if you’re being serious or insulting.” I wipe the razor on the towel at his shoulder and set it down on the sink. “I’m not gonna do it if it bothers you.”
His forehead wrinkles. “I’m more important to you than getting laid?”
“Maybe.” I twist a portion of my curls up on my forehead and they flop lazily back again. “I feel like since we’ve saved each other’s lives numerous times we have to abide by the bro code here. Bro code dictates I don’t fuck your ex-girlfriend.”
“I said what I said.” Rabbit grabs the towel to scrub the rest of the shaving cream off his head. He stands and nudges me away from the sink.
“You said me fucking your ex-girl is inevitable.”
His face tumbles into that distant stare. “What I said was bad shit happens here. Skye is bad shit. Inevitable bad shit. I’m not going to stop you. You have to stop yourself.”
“Are you gonna stop yourself?”
His eyelids flag and his mouth pulls into a Houston-smile wholly unlike his usual fleeting Rabbit-grin. “With her?” He rubs at the back of his neck. “Honestly?”
I raise my brows.
“No. I can’t. That’s why I left.”
He turns on the faucet, ducks his head under the water, and stands there for a long time while the water pours over his ears and face. Every once in a while, a wisp of dark blood will roll down the sink to be sucked down the drain. His damaged hand grips the sink hard and I wonder if he’s going to pass out but then he finally pulls his head up.
“Don’t drown yourself.” I toss the towel at him.
“That’s now how I’d do it.” He dries himself off. “I’d use the gun.”
“And we’re back to morbid.” I walk to the end of the bathroom and peer out the door. Nothing stirs. Just muffled sounds behind many closed doors. “Where are we, Rabbit?”
“Dante’s Ninth Ring of Hell.”
“Excuse me?” I spin around.
“This is Dante’s Ninth Ring. You know the book, Dante’s Inferno?”
I flash to a secondary school English class and an assignment scribbled on a whiteboard right before Logan’s latest tragedy snatched us out of our lives and dumped us in a work camp. No more classic literature for me. “I know of it.”
Rabbit shrugs. “There are nine rings of hell. The house number is 999. I don’t know. Dante is very into literary references. It’ll make more sense when you meet him. If you meet him. I hope you don’t. He’s bad shit too.”
“Do you like anyone here? Is anybody good?”
He tilts his head contemplatively, as if seriously considering my question. “Yeah. You.”
Warmth spreads in my chest and my cheeks flush. I look away from him and fiddle with the doorknob. I fight back a sudden influx of tears that burn at my eyes.
“Then why are you gonna fuck Skye?” I ask, running my fingers across the door jam.
He doesn’t answer. He takes so long not-answering that I finally look over at him. He’s staring at me across the room with his nose wrinkled and his fuzzy eyebrows drawn together. I sniff loudly and blink the tears back into my skull.
“Why are you?” he asks.
Skye bursts through the door, and I stumble back into the cabinets. Rabbit flips the hood up over his head and looks away.
“We’re splitting up,” Skye says. “You and me are selling drugs. Co is stealing hovercars.” She flashes a smile and pirouettes back to the stairs. “I’ll get the car ready.”
Rabbit brushes past me and heads towards Skye’s room. I trail after him. I desperately want to finish our conversation from the bathroom but I’m not sure which version of Rabbit I’ll get. And I’m not sure which one scares me more. I place a hand on his back, and he turns to me, his eyebrows twisting together with his earnest expression from earlier.
“Time to go!” Skye calls up the steps.
“Shit.” Rabbit says.
“Rabbit—”
He turns away and heads straight for the backpack. He unzips it and pulls out the nano injector. He sets it against his thumb and pulls the trigger. A beatific calm radiates from him as he drops the medicine into his pants pocket.
“Are we gonna talk more?”
“Not right now. I have to go steal cars.”
“You can steal cars?”
“I was a professional criminal, Buford. Stealing hovercars is the most basic shit I can do.”
“OK fine. That’s great. But I want to talk more,” I say, and there’s a tremble in my voice that I don’t recognize.
He grips my bicep “I know. I want—”
“Hurry up, slowpokes!” Skye calls from downstairs.
Rabbit’s band gives a low gurgle and he licks his lips. “Just…be careful, Scar. Don’t fuck this part up.”
He bumps his forehead down to mine and I lean into him. I breathe his clean scent, which smells like nothing. Part of me misses the smell of sweat and dust. I really want him to smell like cinnamon again.
“You be careful too,” I whisper.
He lightly sets his burnt fingers on my cheek, and opens his mouth to say something.
“We’re leaving!” Skye shouts, annoyance leaking into her words.
His brow furrows and he draws away, his long fingers running over my arm and tangling in my fingers. He gives my hand a furtive squeeze and my stomach dips.
Skye waits at the base of the steps holding two bags. One she hands to Rabbit and I hear the unmistakable clink of kinetic tools. The other she offers to me and I hear the unmistakable crinkle of drugs wrapped in plastic. I smell the skunky odor of Salt too. Holding this baggy is the most natural thing in the world.
Skye loops her arm through mine with Rabbit trailing behind us. We exit the house and there are two hovercars waiting at the sidewalk. Rabbit slips into one with a careful wave at me. I wave back and the door closes behind us.
Skye immediately assaults me with questions.
“So, are you and Co together?” she asks, grabbing up a fistful of her long black hair and braiding it.
“No. No. Absolutely no,” I answer, my face flushing. “No. Seriously, no.”
She smiles with just her teeth and lips, her sea green eyes glittering like cold stones in the darkened interior of the car.
“So, like, what’re you two doing together? Why do you need to go to Mexico City?” Her voice is sweet and wheedling but her question sends a shiver down my spine.
“We’re meeting a friend.” I shrug, keeping my words deliberately evasive.
She changes her line of questioning. “How long have you guys known each other? Like, where did you meet?”
These are questions I’m much more comfortable answering. I draw a rough outline: we know each other from the base and we met through a mutual friend. It’s all a little too vague and from the skeptical but placid expression on her face, she’s buying none of it.
“Mmm, OK,” she says, clearly bored with my transparent creative truths. “Why don’t you just tell me about yourself then?”
Phew—this will be much easier. I start with growing up in Mississippi, transferring out to Fort Columbia for National Service, and then establishing my Salt patch out there. She is clearly interested in that much at least. Plants—hydroponics—she cares about those things. I describe my personally cultivated garden; with the seeds I’d carefully researched and selected especially for their ability to grow in that climate.
Skye is a plant nerd. Go figure. Stoners love nothing more than to talk about drugs. Bold and confident from our mutual shared interests, I probe into her past. She’s from Houston, born and raised. She grew up on a local farm—her parents were farm hands, but their income dried up when the land did. She dropped out of school early on and wound up full time at Dante’s. She grows, cultivates, and oversees the cooking of most of their stash.
I don’t even notice we’ve reached our destination until the driver clears his throat.
“We’re here.” He clicks a button on the dashboard and the door pops open.
“Gracias. See you soon.” Skye leans forward, kisses the driver on the cheek, and then whirls out of the car. I leap out of after her with the baggy in my hand. The car pulls away from the curb and slips off into the night.
“Split up and meet back out here in an hour?” She grabs the bag and retrieves about half the drugs and then hands the other portion to me.
“OK.” I slip the baggies into the pocket of my skirt and we walk up the steps, our sandals clacking against the pavement. I look down at my toes peeking out from underneath the skirt material and I’m momentarily horrified at how badly I’m in need of a pedicure. Skye’s toes have little flowers and stars painted on them.
My heart leaps in my chest again and I can’t tell at the moment if I want to kiss her or just be her. And I don’t know yet what Rabbit has to do with all of it.
I thought I hated him. I thought I decided not to have sex with him. But we kissed. And then they kissed. And now I’m also not supposed to have sex with his ex-girlfriend.
He jumped in front of a bear for me. I could probably do this one little thing for him. But why won’t he stop himself… for me?
The bass tones of too-loud music thump through the air and an occasional peal of laughter breaks off into the night.
Skye rings the bell and flashes a brilliant smile for a video monitor above the door. It opens automatically—a big steel metal job. There are bars on all the windows on the first floor as well. Nothing like a little added security in Prothero world to keep the wolves at bay.
Skye leans over and pinches my left ass cheek. “Make lots of money, chica.”
She strides in with an air of confidence. I trail behind her.
The joke’s on them. We are the wolves.
The scent of Salt and frothy beer and sweat assaults us as the door swings shut. Skye veers right towards the kitchen area so I head left, towards the living room. I mash myself into the bodies and slide past them because there are so many people it’s impossible to move far. It’s not an unpleasant sensation and I remind myself to hold back some Ecto for later.
I try to home in on the most bored and sex-starved looking faces first. They are the obvious targets and will be a breeze to peddle the wares to. With the low-hanging fruit eliminated, then I can move onto bigger targets.
It’s all pretty routine and I’m up about $450 in cold hard cash twenty minutes later. I stuff all the bills down the slit of my shirt. Into my bra. Kinda gross but also the best way to protect that money from falling into the hands of any pickpockets who’re also working the crowd.
I run out of drugs before I run out of time, so I sneak into the kitchen to see if Skye is also ready to go. She’s nowhere to be seen, but there is a fifth of tequila that calls my name. I take a swig and fall into conversation with a drunken smiling white boy who’s proclaimed himself the liquor sentinel. He’s a sophomore at Houston University and he plans to become a lawyer. He doesn’t seem at all interested in getting to know me, which is fine because it’s really just nice to talk to someone who is relatively normal and boring and who isn’t Rabbit Santiago.
I don’t spot Skye until she’s at my elbow. She leans in and whispers directly into the warm tickly part of my ear, “Boo.” Her warm breath rasps there for a moment and I close my eyes at the flood of body heat it produces.
Skye is bad shit.
“You ready?”
We press our way through the crowd and out of doors and the pleasant late spring night smells sweet in contrast. Skye flops down on the square of pristine green grass in front of the house and I join her. She props herself up on an elbow and turns her body towards me.
“How much you make?” she asks. I reach into my bra and pull out the earnings, dumping them into the grass between us.
“Oh, that’s not bad.” She runs her fingers over the bills and makes no pretense at even bothering to count them. “You’re pretty good at this, chica.”
“My name is Scarlett.”
“I know.” Skye leans close. I hold my breath and close my eyes, waiting for the press of her lips against mine.
Nothing happens. Then—two fingertips dive into my cleavage and my eyes open in confusion.
“Skimming a little off the top?” she asks, holding up the Ecto pill.
I blush in the dark where she can’t see my flaming cheeks. She laughs anyway and sets the pill on her tongue. “None for you. Yet.”
A stupid Salt smile breaks out over my lips and Skye pushes herself up from the grass. She floats down to the sidewalk and waves me forward. I get up sluggishly. My whole body is singing with exhaustion but there’s another frat house down the street and another bundle of drugs to sell and the whole time I can barely keep my eyes off Skye.
I mean—I do because we’re in separate rooms sometimes—but the thought of her gives me little static shocks of pleasure and all the horror of the last few weeks begins to blur. At one point someone shuts off the main lights in the house we’re in and strobes and colored lights flip on instead. The music ramps up to a volume that makes normal speech impossible.
Skye appears at my side like a phantom. Blink: not there. Blink: there. She holds a little white pill pinched between two fingers and the smile that started when the lights went low spreads wide across my face. I stick out my tongue—she sets the pill on it, and takes my hand.
I forget about Rabbit. I almost forget about everything.
We dance. The sensation is like falling and catching myself. I’m out of touch with my damaged body but the rhythm sorts me out and connects my brain to my limbs again. I don’t even feel the gunshot wounds anymore. I haven’t since Edwards AFB. Whatever medicine they pumped into me there accelerated the healing. I know the gunshot wounds are there, but they’re scars now. Scars like Scarlett. Len used to call me Scar.
Len’s face crumples—
I close my eyes and I’m floating in space or moving in water. Like my feet don’t even touch the floor. Moving for the sake of moving—for release and enjoyment.
We’re both sweating and giggling when she grabs my cheeks between her soft unblemished hands and kisses me. Fireworks explode behind my eyelids. I want time and everything else to stop so I can draw every last ounce of pleasure out of this interaction.
The hot press of her tongue in my mouth is warm and tangling. With our bodies twining together, we trip upstairs to a mattress on a floor—not even a proper bed. The rest of our time together in this moment is very warm and very wonderful.
Skye is wonderful.
Then we fall asleep.

It’s still dark when someone turns the lights on. A random frat guy stumbles into the room and blinks at the sight of two naked ladies wrapped in his sheets.
“Out!” Skye orders with a wave of her hand. The frat guy balks and slams the door behind him. Skye giggles and rises—stretching her hands out through her long hair and leaning over to kiss my cheek. I smile and press my hand there.
She rummages around in the pile of sheets and collects her undergarments, tossing her borrowed clothes my way with the laziness of a satisfied cat. We dress quickly and exit the house—the bass still thumping through the walls even though only stragglers are left. It’s 3am. We walk back to Dante’s Ninth Ring—our journey punctuated by light conversational patter—sometimes linking arms, and sometimes swaying against one another and delighting in the drunken press of our bodies together.
I’m deliriously thirsty and we spend quite a few blocks talking about every other time we’ve been thirsty. I mention the desert and drinking the corn juice, but I don’t give any other contextual details. Best to fly under the radar about where we’ve been and where we’re going and why.
I don’t want to entangle Skye in our snares.
Skye is bad shit.
Funny—it seems like we’re the only bad guys here.
“What happened between you and Rabbit?” I ask, because Skye might actually give me details.
“He left,” she says, and her tone is so morose I regret asking. But it’s also the tone of someone who’s been begging to answer just this question. I want to hear more, so I don’t say anything in case she needs the silence to gather her thoughts.
“First he left for prison when he killed that guy—”
“Rabbit killed a guy?”
“Yeah, with Clinton. He pled guilty and Clinton took a plea or something.” Skye shrugs and shakes her head as if that is so obviously not the point of the story.
I want to stop moving and pause to absorb her admissions, but Skye does not stop walking and what kind of jerk would interrupt someone clearly in the act of pouring their heart out?
“He left for prison and that was OK, because I could still see him during—what do they call them—conjugal visits? The prison wasn’t far from here, so I’d visit but he was always so sad—I stopped going after a while.” She braids and unbraids her hair as we walk.
“Then he got released but it was only for a day before he left for National Service. We had one day together. You know what I wish sometimes?” She stops on the sidewalk and holds my arm back, so I stop with her. She stares deep into my eyes and I’m unable to move—enthralled. Her eyes are bottomless. “I wish he’d never come back. You know what’s worse than never seeing him again? Just one day.” Tears gleam in her eyes and she gives a helpless shrug.
“And then he came back today.” Her voice hardens, and the hairs on the nape of my neck stand up. “Why did he come back? Why are you here?”
“I don’t think he would have done it, if we had any other choice.” I offer as lame-ass apology. She waves me off without even looking at me. “We’re kind of life or death over here.”
“It’s life or death everywhere. He was supposed to leave because he had big plans that were going to make his life so much better. Guess his big life plans didn’t work out so good,” she mutters, kicking at the sidewalk with one of her artfully decorated toes. “You ever give up love for a plan? For some stupid plan you got in your head that you’re supposed to do great things?”
I left Brian for a plan—for a girl with a plan that went wildly out of control.
“Sort of,” I answer. I don’t think she hears me.
“It’s a shitty thing to do,” she says. “He was happy here. I know he was happy.”
I open my mouth to speak, but decide against it. Skye has built her own narrative and who am I to swoop in and destroy it? It makes me even sadder to think that she loves him and doesn’t really see him. Or she would know the face he gives her is a false one. At least, I think it is.
Rabbit hates Houston more than he loves Skye. But he would stay here, and he would fuck her if he hadn’t made a promise to a dead girl. What a tragedy it all is. What a complete tragedy.
We walk in silence after that—Skye crossing her arms and stalking a little ahead of me, lost in her own thoughts—I trail behind because my high is going low and my whole body is wracked with exhaustion.
We finally round the corner of yet another street I don’t recognize and Skye perks up again. There’s only one house on the block with a few lights still on and the front door wide open and guys with no shirts on drinking and smoking on the porch.
Dante’s Ninth Ring.
Skye calls out to them in Spanish and they answer back. She grabs my hand and dances forward. I let her drag me because otherwise I’d probably just curl up on the sidewalk in a tired heap.
I’m so thirsty that I take the first beverage offered to me on the porch steps and scan the group for Rabbit. I don’t see him immediately, but I do recognize a healthy group of criminals and miscreants. They offer a Salt joint, but I decline and weave my way into the house. There’s a couple making out on the couch and I squint further into the haze of smoke and dim lights but no Rabbit there either. After so many nights of curling up next to him, it’s become my natural impulse. My body needs his body or I won’t be able to sleep.
I go to the kitchen and chug two full cups of water and then have to pee. The only bathroom I know is upstairs, so I climb the steps and drain my bladder and check Skye’s room. He’s not there either.
No Rabbit. I want to sleep so badly, and my head is pounding from dehydration. I’m half tempted to send him a wave, but I haven’t turned on the bands since the GPS signal at the Edwards AFB. I don’t want to. I’m scared the notification might’ve moved from Florida. Or it might not have. I’m scared either way.
I sit down on Skye’s bed and chew on my thumb nail in indecision. Some instinctual part of me knows it’s not safe falling asleep here alone. I curse under my breath and take a swig of the beer which is obviously cut with something else—tequila maybe—and against my better judgment I trudge downstairs and back out to the front porch.
Rabbit is there. Apparently, he’s been there a while. I didn’t see him in the crush of bodies at the front entrance, but I catch his unmistakably long frame and big nose poking out from underneath the hood of a dark sweater. A woolen beanie is pushed up on his head and he’s crammed into a white plastic chair in a far corner, taking swigs from a large bottle of amber liquid.
Skye appears out of nowhere and whispers in my ear, “Co is drunk.”
Drunk Rabbit. I’ve never even imagined a drunk Rabbit. This could be interesting.
Skye grabs my hand and leads me over to the edge of the porch where we lean against the railing and one another. She takes a hit from a Salt blunt and passes it over to Rabbit. To my complete and utter surprise, he accepts it and takes a big hit. He squints up at me through the smoke and there’s something like real dislike flickering in his eyes.
“You fucked my girlfriend?” he asks a little too loudly, and his voice slurs on the last word.
The group of dudes to my right snickers and Skye drops my hand. Red crawls up my neck and shame slips into my stomach. My throat constricts a little.
“You said it was OK,” I remind him, not looking up, suddenly finding my grimy toes terribly interesting.
Rabbit grabs at my arm. The bad static pop happens again, and I shrink away from him. “I lied—I lied when I said it was OK.”
He jumped in front of a bear for me.
“I kinda figured that out.”
“We aren’t friends, are we?” Rabbit slurs. His jaw is set but there are tears stuffed somewhere back in his eyes and another slip of guilt stirs in my stomach. “Fuck your bro code.”
“That’s not fair,” I say but then stop. There’s really nothing else to say after that.
“Life’s not fair, Buford,” he says, and I hate how he uses my last name like an insult.
“Co, don’t be an asshole.” Skye leans forward to retrieve the blunt from his fingers and he gives it up reluctantly.
“Did you have a great night stealing cars?” I ask, with just a hint of sass in my voice. Trying to change the subject.
“You went to a frat house—” His voice is hard and thorny. An urge to sock him in the nose bubbles up out of thin air. I haven’t felt that in a while—“And couldn’t find one other person to fuck besides my girlfriend?”
“Ex-girlfriend,” I whisper. His face twitches. Somewhere in the group surrounding us someone calls out, “Oh shit!” Muffled laughter ensues.
Turns out—this is not so interesting. Turns out, I don’t like drunk Rabbit. At all.
“Co,” Skye says again in a warning voice.
His gaze snaps over to her and he stirs in the chair. His movements are uncoordinated and bordering on angry. Violent maybe. I shift my weight, preparing to flee.
“Why are you being such a shit?” Skye asks, punching at his arm. She doesn’t seem perturbed by his disquiet. She seems almost comforted by it. She seems to know exactly what she’s done and how he’ll respond and she’s fine with it.
Skye is bad shit.
Then it dawns on me: this is exactly what she wanted. She didn’t want to fuck me. She never wanted to fuck me. She wanted to fuck him—fuck him up, have sex. Do both at the same time. I was merely a casualty.
Rabbit catches her hand with surprising dexterity for a drunk and pulls her down onto his lap. He grabs the Salt again and takes another hit. He glares up at me like I’m the bad guy. Like I’m the one who got us into this whole mess.
Oh boy. This place is hell.
Skye whispers something in his ear in Spanish and Rabbit’s red rimmed eyes glaze over. Skye turns her full attention towards him and I’m picking up a distinct third wheel vibe, so I turn to head back into the house. I’m not messed up enough to deal with this. It’s fine. I’m fine. I’ll sleep alone tonight. Better by myself than with Wolf-Rabbit and his charmless Skye.
I’m almost in the house when I hear the unmistakable chime of the GPS notification. No. Not here. I turned it off. I turned the stupid thing off. I know for sure I did. How is it back on?
My band illuminates with colored lights and a stupid picture of Len’s stupid face. The Florida coordinates spill out and everything stops. I stop moving. The leering creeps stop talking. Rabbit and Skye stop furtively cooing to one another in Spanish. Everyone stops. Behind me something crackles like electricity and the hairs on my arm stand up. It smells like burning flesh and ozone.
I debate whether or not to run, judging the distance between the porch and the street. I glance back at Rabbit and he’s already on his feet—the bands around both wrists glowing low and deadly. I don’t have to think twice about that. I’ve seen it before. I know what it means.
Rabbit wobbles over to grab my arm and now that I’m close to him he positively stinks of alcohol and singed hair, enough to make my nose curl. I want to shove him off me but I don’t trust this Rabbit or these people or myself right now, so I let his hard fingers pinch my arm and push me into the house. We move into the kitchen and sit down at the table.
“What was that?” Rabbit asks.
“Nothing.” I fold my arms and look away from him.
The single bulb overhead that casts its dingy light around the kitchen shudders—twitching off and on. “Buford—”
“I don’t owe you anything.” I snap, jabbing a finger at his chest. “Why should I tell you anything?”
He blinks in surprise. The intoxicated glaze falls from his features and he stares down at the place where I poked his chest like I stabbed him with a knife.
“That was a GPS notification for her coordinates,” he says slowly. “And you said Eleni was dead. You looked me in the eye two days ago and said it. What’s going on?”
I chew on my thumb in indecision. “You have to promise me something.”
Rabbit pushes the hood back off his head. His neck is dark with twisting black veins. They don’t look real. They look painted on. The beanie flops to the floor and I lean forward to pick it up. The beanie has holes where eyes and a mouth should be. I hand it to him.
“You have to promise me this doesn’t change anything. You have to promise me.”
He nods. Skye dances into the doorway behind me—I hear the swish of her skirt—and he changes instantly, like a chameleon picking up spots. His face warps and he’s ugly and mean again. He’s whoever he needs to be here, and I don’t want that Rabbit. I don’t need that Rabbit here. I need the other one. I need my friend—the guy who loved Len like I did.
Fuck Skye.
“I got a GPS notification when we were at Edwards AFB. Len and I synched GPS coordinates so we could always track one another. The ping was from Len—”
Movement in Rabbit’s eyes makes me stop and strongly consider my next words. Skye shifts forward, her toe ring tapping lightly against the linoleum. Her movement causes Rabbit to curl back in on himself like a snake preparing to strike.
“Yesterday I got a ping from Len. For a location—in Titusville, Florida.” My mouth dries up and my heart hammers in my chest. Rabbit’s features twist like he wants to pound my body to a fine pulp. Maybe I should have run instead.
The lightbulb overhead brightens and strange warm heat pulses from it. One of Rabbit’s bands lets out a squealing, snarling feedback and then goes silent. A blue flame, eerily in the shape of a bird, licks across his open palm and he closes his fingers around it, snuffing it out. His eyes flicker to Skye and he seems to remember himself and where he is. His face empties of emotion.
“OK,” he says and there’s nothing in his voice. Nothing at all.
“OK?”
“What the fuck is going on here, Co? Who is Len?” Skye flies towards us and I leap from my seat to avoid her swinging fists.
Despite being drunk, Rabbit moves fast on his feet. He steps away from the table and holds his hand out to defend against Skye’s attack. She only gets a couple good swings in.
“Stop it. Stop. Stop!” Rabbit’s voice rings through the kitchen and the bulb overhead shatters.
Skye freezes. I smell that familiar ozone scent like sulfur and burning. Skye looks down at her hands and over at Rabbit with a mixture of fear and anger.
He weaves drunkenly on his feet, black goo leaking from both his nostrils. “Scar?” he asks in a small, confused voice.
Then he falls to the ground—hard—all the way on his ass with his bad arm barely catching the brunt of his body weight. Skye drops to her knees and folds herself around him possessively. I search the sink for a cloth towel. I toss it towards Skye, she catches it, and tilts Rabbit’s head back—jamming the cloth up underneath his nose.
“Where’s your injector? The nano injector?” I ask.
Rabbit wrestles the cloth from Skye with a gesture of irritation and fumbles around in his pants pocket. The injector flips out of his hand and onto the floor. Skye picks it up and hands it to him. He depresses it against his thigh. He groans and that coppery lead smell—like bad blood—fills the air.
He slouches against the chair and rests the back of his head on the seat. Skye sniffles and brushes a shaky hand over her eyes.
“Why’d you come back?” she asks, tears staining her words.
Rabbit’s nose wrinkles and he flashes her a heartbreaking look. The sort of look you give someone you never really stopped loving in the first place.
“I had to, Alma. I’m sorry,” he says huskily. “I had to.”
I’m not sure if he’s talking about leaving or coming back.
“Are you gonna stay?” she asks. “Please stay.”
Rabbit doesn’t answer. He wraps an arm around her and pulls her into an intimate embrace while she sobs against his chest. He whispers to her in Spanish and runs a hand over the back of her head, his fingers tangling in her long silky hair.
My fingers tangled in her hair just an hour ago. Her lips on my lips, our bare skin brushing together. Time and space blur. I see our fingers tangling together in her hair. I feel Rabbit’s mouth closing on mine. I don’t really understand what I’m seeing. I back up until I hit the table and the chair scrapes against the linoleum like the record scratch of an old song.
I move to exit the kitchen—grabbing a fifth of caramel colored alcohol off the counter. Rabbit stirs and flashes me a carnal look. His head tilts at Skye like a question mark. I swallow hard and suppress the image of our fingers tangled in her hair. The cinnamon taste of Rabbit’s tongue running along mine. I shake my head—shake the image from my head and take a long swig off the bottle.
“Scar,” Rabbit says so softly I almost lose his voice in the too-loud laughter from the porch. “Don’t go.”
Tears burn against my eyes like the alcohol burns in my throat and chest. I swallow more alcohol. I chug until Rabbit’s fingers and Skye’s hair blur together into a tear stained haze. I lean against the table draining the bottle while Rabbit watches.
“It’s not her.”
I hear the words but I’m not sure if I said them or he did. And I’m not even sure exactly what they mean because there are so many varied and nuanced meanings to parse through.
“Scar,” Rabbit says again. “Scar, I want—I want to—” His words cut off with a surprised grunt. Skye shifts on his lap and now they’re kissing and tangling together in earnest. Rabbit’s eyes close and he pulls her into him. I’ve kissed both those lips. I kissed his lips. I’ve kissed her lips. I’ve kissed Len’s lips.
I’m forgotten. Len is forgotten. The only drug Rabbit knows is Skye. I thought my drugs could help him forget and I could help him forget but the only thing was this woman and this house and this city. The only thing I’ve ever done is make him remember.
His eyes drop open and they’re on fire with lust. One of his hands falls away from Skye’s back and the blue glow gurgles and dies on his wrist.
“It’s not her,” I whisper into the neck of the tequila bottle. He hears me. He hears everything. His jaw clenches and his whole face scrunches up and it’s not lust or desire or compassion anymore—it’s just pure rage. His eyes are gleaming points of malice threatening to spill over and swallow me whole. Then they do. Blackened tears leak down his cheeks. The blue fire bird breaks open from his band and grows large—expanding in the air of the kitchen above their heads.
Rabbit tilts his head up to watch it and Skye—oblivious to the bird—trails kisses down his neck and across his collarbone. His expression relaxes as the bird hovers in the air above him, it’s wings gently opening and closing around the sides of his head. It slowly lowers its body until the sharp point of its beak presses against his forehead. He reaches up to stroke its feathers and the nanos filter from the air into his skin, lighting up his fingertips and rolling down into his arm.
“It’s her,” he says.
The image abruptly winks out. Rabbit’s head falls to his chest and his body goes limp. I’m pretty sure he’s unconscious. Skye stops her frantic kissing and reaches up to shake his shoulders.
“Co?”
She looks over at me and I shrink away from them. I don’t understand what I just saw, and I don’t want to see anymore. I want to sleep now.
I stumble into the living room. The previously occupied couch has emptied out. I grab a blanket laid over the back of it and curl up on its smelly cushions. I tip the bottle back and chug the rest of the contents until nothing’s left. I close my eyes to shut everything out and the world spins. It spins and twirls and I just fall into it because the dark is better than drinking alone in a house full of strangers.
Tears roll down my cheeks and they taste saltier than the earth.
It’s her. It’s our hands in her hair and her GPS signal on my wrist and her glowing blue bird finding him in the dark.
Eleni’s alive.


CHAPTER SEVENTEEN:
STORM WARNING
A storm’s coming. The ominous clouds started building in the courtyard and the weather alert on the monitors in the cafeteria clicked on an hour ago. I’m sketching with colored pencils, wrapped in a blanket while nestled on a couch someone turned towards the window. I’m pressed close to a simple pane of glass separating me from a courtyard and a small grove of lime trees beyond it.
I’ve visited this place a few times already—when I grew bored of looking out the little window in my room. Most people are too busy to care about this lonely courtyard. Whenever I drop by, I’m always the sole person here.
I miss the outside world—the one I’ve never known. I miss the scent of fresh air—the air I’ve never tasted. I imagine it’s unseasonably warm outside, but I wouldn’t know how that feels. It’s always cool and temperate in here.
A cherry tree, also in the courtyard, has yet to lose all its blooms. The restless, electric energy in the air drove me to the windows to watch the last of the cherry blossoms fall. The restless, electric energy in my heart made me draw Mateo.
Benjamin clears his throat behind me and I tilt my head back to look up into his eyes. He smiles tentatively and the scars on his face stretch and crumple. It’s a face I know well.
“This seat taken?” he asks, pointing to the empty cushion beside me.
“It’s reserved for Benjamin Rojas. Is that you?”
He nods and plops himself down heavily next to me, settling back into the pillows with a sigh. We both watch the swaying of the cherry trees for a few silent moments. It’s strangely nice sitting here in the quiet with him, with neither of us feeling the burning urge to talk. So much talking. So many voices burrowing themselves in our ears.
He finally shatters the silence. “Are you really haunted?”
“I think so,” I whisper, setting the pencil down.
“Who’s that?” He points to Mateo’s half sketched face.
“This boy she loved.” I set the tablet on the floor and wrap the blanket tighter around my body. “Eleni Garza loved him.”
“What happened?”
“I don’t know. She died in front of him. And I woke up here. It’s the last thing I remember.” I turn to look at him. “He thinks—the boy thinks Eleni Garza is dead and that’s probably for the best.”
Benjamin furrows his brow and really seems to consider his next words. “Do you love him?” he asks, his gaze flickering over to me. He has dark eyes and thick lashes. My heart stutters in my chest.
“I don’t even know him.”
Benjamin stares back, expression unreadable.
“Love is scary,” I say quietly.
“What’s scary about love?”
“Trust.”
He makes a grunting, agreeing sound in his chest like rocks tumbling. “You didn’t trust him?”
“She trusted him.” I watch the storm clouds. “Too much. And then she died.”
“That sounds like love.” Benjamin nods, sage-like. “Love is worth fighting for.”
“Is it worth dying for? Is he worth fighting for?” I ask, my vision moving down to the pencil drawing and then back up to Benjamin.
“Maybe. How are you going to get back to him? When you’re trapped in here?”
Small hairs stand up on my arms and the already frigid air drops a few degrees. Maybe Mateo’s ghost hovers above us. I spare a quick glance over my shoulder. There’s nothing there.
“I need to get out of here,” I whisper to him. It’s so cold, my words form an ice cloud around my lips.
“We all do.” He turns back to the window. “There’s a storm coming.”
“I thought I’d watch the storm,” I say. “I want to see the lightning.
“This is a good spot. Peaceful. Everyone else is very noisy here. But I like it quiet, so I can think.” He tilts his head as a strong gust of wind kicks off and rakes through the tree, ripping off a stray limb and discarding it on the ground near the window.
I lean over, letting the weight of my body fall against his arm. He makes a surprised noise, then the rigidness of his body relaxes, and he wraps an arm around me.
“Lucretia says you never talk to anyone,” I say as the dark clouds build on the horizon.
“You’re the only one worth talking to.” His hand and arm are heavy, but the weight calms and centers me.
We’re silent for a long time, watching the clouds racing towards us like time sped up.
“Just until the storm ends,” I whisper to him. He looks boldly into my eyes and thunder rumbles outside. I touch him—tracing the puckered flesh that starts at his temple and disappears down the collar of his shirt. He shudders.
“That’s not something I normally let people do,” he says.
I like the way he speaks his mind—quiet and thoughtful. I like that he doesn’t make me feel too dangerous to be touched. I don’t feel like I could crush or kill him or hurt him.
“I’m not a normal person.” I pull him in close. I kiss him hard and his tongue flashes between my teeth.
I wait for the lightning to strike but there’s no blue glow. I can’t decide if that makes me happy or sad or both. It’s both. Benjamin isn’t Mateo. I know he isn’t Mateo. The Eleni Garza that Mateo loved is dead. Clinton Fuller killed her.
Mateo doesn’t even know that Eleni Garza died. Or that I’m alive.
I’m alive.
I just want to feel alive.
Benjamin’s hand rolls up under my shirt and past the place on my stomach where there should be a scar from a plasma bullet. His other hand—the metal fingers—cup the left side of my face where there should be wires and red angry flesh. I’m confused. Feeling sensations with all these parts of my body that aren’t there anymore. Phantom limbs. Phantom implants. I can’t be two people. Eleni Garza. Patient Zero.
I push against him softly. Our lips break contact and I fall back against the couch cushions. Benjamin grumbles but he doesn’t get up to leave.
“It’s a powerful storm,” he says.
“It is,” I say. “Can you stay with me for a little while? Until I fall asleep? I keep having these nightmares about—” I bite my lip. Tears sting my eye and I take a deep shuddering breath. “About monsters.”
Giant glowing orb monsters and ghost Mateos and Eleni Garza. She’s a monster too.
“Until the storm ends,” he whispers in Spanish.
“Do you think we’re monsters?” I ask.
“Yes.”
“Aren’t you scared to be a monster?”
“No. The world needs more monsters like us.”
We’re silent for another stretch. The thunder and lightning fill the gap in our dialogue. The storm builds faster now and it’s almost overhead. The wind shakes the cherry tree—the blossoms swirling and dancing in the air. Some of them press against the windowpane, sealed there by the wind and rain.
“Who are you?” I ask Benjamin, breaking up our comfortable silence.
“I’m Benjamin Rojas,” He replies simply and easily, without looking at me. “Who are you?”
It’s a hard question to answer. But I know the truth.
“I’m Eleni Garza.”
The words send a cold shudder through my body. Thunder peals and a bolt of lightning strikes the ground near the cherry tree.
More silence drags out.
“They tried to take our names,” I whisper in the darkened room.
“They tried to take everything,” Benjamin says, still facing towards the window. It’s easy to talk to him here.
“They took away my scars.”
“No, they didn’t. They covered them up. But you know who you are.”
More silence.
“Benjamin—something big is happening.”
He nods. “I can feel it, too. Whatever it is—you can handle it. You might be the only one who can.”
I snuggle closer to his chest. His heart beats steady and strong. He wraps his arm tighter around me, and whispers to me in Spanish, “You’re beautiful and strange and I like you, Eleni Garza. Who told you to carry the weight of the world on your shoulders? Who told you to fight all the monsters?”
I sigh. The storm isn’t over yet, but the revelations of the evening have made me heavy and tired.
“Go to sleep little bird,” Benjamin Rojas rumbles into my ear.
I nod and fall into a dreamless sleep.


CHAPTER EIGHTEEN:
DANTE’S INFERNO
The morning light hurts. It pounds my skull like a drum and shoots pain all the way down to the tips of my toes. The morning smells like scrambled eggs and hot peppers and sausage.
I push the blanket back over my head. Rabbit and Skye are gone. A short Hispanic man with closely cropped silvering hair sits at the table. He idly flips through something on a tablet—occasionally drinking from a tall, frothy glass of orange juice.
Sunlight streams in from the open windows behind him, bathing him in angelic light.
“I’m Dante,” he says without looking up from the tablet.
I try to respond but my voice comes out in a strangled croak. My attention momentarily shifts to an empty fifth upturned near the sandals Skye loaned me. Oops. That happened.
I wonder what else happened last night that I don’t remember. Or don’t want to remember.
Dante chuckles and takes another sip of orange juice. I rise from the couch—pain singing and bouncing between my limbs. I shuffle towards the kitchen with the blanket wrapped around my shoulders like a regal robe. I lean heavily in the doorway and try to speak again.
Another squeak.
Dante smirks and glances up briefly from his tablet. His eyes are dark, almost black. He ever-so-slightly tilts his head towards the empty chair, and I sit. He pushes the glass of orange juice towards me and I sip a small dainty sip just to get some fluid in my throat and get my voice box working again.
“I’m Scarlett.” The words come out gravelly, but at least they’re words this time.
He clicks the tablet off and pushes it aside—steepling his fingers.
“You did some good work last night, Scarlett. It’s a shame we can’t convince you to stay.” He smiles mischievously and reveals a mouth filled with large canines and scraggly teeth.
“Who says I can’t be convinced? You guys provide health insurance right?” I chug more juice and my headache clicks down to a dull roar.
Dante chuckles—it’s low and slightly menacing. I can’t fully decide if I like him. He offered me orange juice, complimented my most valued skill, and offered me refuge from the scary world outside. He’s a bad guy, but at least he’s nice.
“You like eggs and sausage?” he asks, pointing towards the stove.
The heavy-set white woman cooking at the stove inclines her head towards us and waves with her spatula.
“Of course,” I say, even though I don’t like eggs.
“So, you and Rabbit, huh?” Dante asks, a smirk widening his face.
“Oh no. Oh no no no. That’s not a thing.”
“It’s rare for someone to deny his charms.” Dante nods in approval. “You must be a special lady.”
“Rabbit has charms?”
Dante chuckles and his eyes glitter deviously. He leans into me like we’re about to share a schoolyard secret. “A big birdy told me you’re crossing the border today. You wanna tell me about that?”
He tilts his head—also slightly menacing. It’s a tough question to answer because no—in fact—I don’t want to tell him a damn thing about crossing the border. Lucky for me, I don’t have to. Footsteps on the stairs interrupt our moment. Two sets of footsteps. One big and clunky and the other small and dainty with a little swishing. Rabbit and Skye.
“Sounds like our birdy is awake. Let’s see what the cat dragged in.” Dante winks towards the open kitchen doorway.
Skye slinks in first, dressed in billowy pajama pants and a tank top. She smells like coconuts and warm skin. She sashays past me without saying a word and gives Dante a friendly kiss on the cheek. He momentarily brightens.
Rabbit trails through the door like a sheepish puppy. He rubs the back of his neck, where the dark veins are so concentrated they’ve devoured his sepia skin. At least he cleaned the black sludge tears of his cheeks and nose.
Rabbit is dying.
“Oh, it’s only a conejo. I thought you brought us a bird.” Dante grins up at Rabbit, who hangs in the doorway leaning heavily against the frame and studying the tile at his feet.
“Weren’t you supposed to fly away, big bird? What happened? Someone clip your wings?” Dante picks up the tablet again and clicks it on before Rabbit can answer.
“Something like that.” Rabbit slinks over and takes a seat next to me.
He lightly bumps his shoulder against mine and a tiny puddle of relief drips into my stomach. I figured after last night he would try to murder me over toast. He did summon a giant electric bird in the kitchen after-all. Anything’s possible.
Skye delivers three glasses of orange juice to the table and Dante acknowledges her with a tilt of his head. “Thanks Alma. First we eat, then we talk business OK?” Dante asks. We all nod in agreement. “You’re good people, Scarlett. You, I like. It’s a shame you had to bring this guy with you.” Dante gestures towards Rabbit.
Rabbit doesn’t smile. I suppose there’s a reason for that—something embedded in their history—but I doubt I’ll ever get to know exactly what. Rabbit is a fierce gatekeeper of his secrets.
“Are we even with the money?” Rabbit sets his juice down and a little sloshes over the edge. His hand trembles and I can’t tell if it’s from fear or the NV.
“First, the food,” Dante says with no smile or breeze in his voice.
The white lady brings over a steaming platter of breakfast foods. Skye sets down all the plates and silverware and then we’re feasting in tense silence. Dante finishes first—he pushes his plate away and the woman immediately scoops it up. I’ve mostly devoured the sausages and peppers and taken polite nibbles of egg. Rabbit hasn’t even touched his plate.
“What’s wrong Co? You not hungry?” Skye asks.
“Maybe Co is too good to eat our food,” Dante says.
Rabbit shakes his head and forks some egg into his mouth. “I don’t feel well,” he says.
Dante squints across the table. “You do look like shit. But what I’ve been wondering—what Skye and I’ve been wondering—why do you guys need to cross the border so bad?” Dante leans back in his seat and studies Rabbit. “From what I hear, it’s a war zone down there. Soldiers and Contras tearing the country apart. You going to war?”
Rabbit sets down his fork.
“We’re going to Mexico City to find the Contras.”
“That won’t be much of a challenge for you, Co,” Dante says, beaming. “To find your people.”
Rabbit’s gaze cuts over to me and he swallows. His nose gives a brief, nervous wrinkle. “You don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Maybe. Maybe. But what I heard is that you and this girl Scarlett are on the run from some very powerful people. Some people with deep pockets. Is that true?” Dante asks.
Rabbit furrows his brow. “Where’d you hear that?”
“Does it matter? It’s true, isn’t it?”
“It matters.”
“Not as much as you think. So, I’m sitting here wondering—what’s my incentive to get you across the border?” Dante lays his hands flat on the table and leans forward.
Rabbit turns from him to study me instead. His eyes flicker down to the necklace, the compass that’s supposed to keep us moving in the right direction. I touch the compass and the hard lines on Rabbit’s face soften.
“What do you want?” he asks, looking back over at Dante.
“That’s assuming you have anything I want.” Dante returns Rabbit’s stare without blinking.
“Then why are we talking?” Rabbit pushes his chair away from the table like he intends to leave.
“Relax. No need to run off. You’re putting me in a very difficult position if these important people come sniffing around,” Dante says. “I need assurances.”
Rabbit sits back in his seat, tugging on his ear in indecision. “We can talk about that.”
Dante nods curtly.
They both exit the kitchen, leaving Skye and I sitting in awkward silence. She favors me with a sickly-sweet smile. I return it with just as much enthusiasm and pick at the remainder of my breakfast. I really do hate eggs.
Here’s the thing: I want to be an equal partner in our flight across the border but I’m not in my element here. I don’t have the history of these people or the understanding of what they’re about and I honestly don’t even know enough about Rabbit. Maybe I can see who he is, but that doesn’t mean I know what he’s done. Or what he’s gonna do.
The white lady clears the breakfast plates, starts the dishwasher, and then disappears back into the house. When we’re truly alone—Skye leans across the table.
“Last night was kinda crazy,” she says.
I think it’s her version of an apology. It’s annoying in its familiarity. It’s a trick I’ve used for years to dodge the moral implications of my actions against friends, family, and loved ones. At some point it just became easier to ignore or minimize the emotional damage rather than apologize.
“You and Rabbit kiss and make up?” I ask.
Skye shrugs and looks down at the table. “You want coffee?”
That ends our conversation. And the answer is yes, I do want coffee. I study the compass around my neck while Skye brews up a fresh pot. The compass means something to Rabbit. I wonder why he chose me to wear it—why he doesn’t wear it himself. No one has ever accused me of being on the right life path. I’ve never been the one to make a sacrifice or follow my heart. The only moral compass I have is the one Rabbit gave me. Why does every gift lately feel more like a burden?
The delicious aroma of hot fresh brewed coffee kicks the rest of my hangover. By the time Skye drops two cups in front of us and takes a seat—Rabbit and Dante re-enter the kitchen. First Dante, and then Rabbit trailing behind him.
Rabbit’s dark, angry eyes light up as soon as the smell hits his nose. “Coffee?”
He goes straight to the pot and pours a cup, sitting down at the table between Skye and myself.
“We need to talk,” I say. Skye and Dante don’t hold the market on private talks with Rabbit.
“Front porch?” he asks.
We leave Skye and Dante behind to their coffee and machinations. We retire to an actual porch swing which stirs a quiet satisfaction in me. My childhood home had a similar wooden swing. Logan and I would spend hours on it—entertaining ourselves because we had no electricity most days and it was far too hot to be out in the direct sun.
“What’s the plan, boss?” I ask, taking a long swallow of coffee and enjoying the buzz of caffeine through my veins. Hot coffee on a full stomach was a thing I didn’t dream possible a few days ago.
“We’re crossing the border today. Skye’s coming with us.”
“And our assurances?”
I turn to him, but he refuses to look at me. I wish I could crack his skull open, dig through his brains, and retrieve all the information I need. He makes me work for every little tiny detail and the process is exhausting. I’m exhausted. I’m over this mysterio bullshit.
“Reassuring,” Rabbit answers with a wry, sad smile.
“I want honest answers.”
“Titusville, Florida.” His lip twitches when he says it, so I know he’s been chomping all morning to start this particular conversation. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Hold on—there’s a lot of things you never told me either.”
Rabbit’s jaw clenches. He can’t argue with that one.
“It’s her,” Rabbit says. His bands snap and crackle to accompany his words. The little blue lightning bird rises in the corner of my vision and vanishes. I didn’t dream it. It wasn’t a bad trip. It wasn’t the alcohol. “Eleni’s alive.”
“You promised,” I remind him. “You said it wouldn’t change anything. We have a plan.”
“If she’s there we should be there with her.”
We should be there with her. I meet his eyes and look quickly away.
“You want me there?” I ask, biting the end of my thumb.
“Of course I do. Why do you keep acting like I’m going to abandon you the first second I get? I jumped in front of a bear for you.”
I swallow a lump in my throat and sniff loudly. “And I fucked your ex-girlfriend.”
“And lied to me about Eleni. You don’t get to know all my secrets while keeping secrets from me. That’s not how trust works.”
I take a deep breath. “You trust me?”
Rabbit surveys me. “I do.”
“Did you fuck Skye?”
Rabbit’s eyes widen. “Scar, it’s—”
“You said you would.”
“And you said you wouldn’t.”
We’re silent for a moment. He clears his throat and winces at the morning light. “Have you noticed we both have the same terrible choice in ladies?”
“It has come to my attention. Yes.”
“Skye’s not Eleni.”
I laugh without warmth or humor. “I know.”
“What you want—” Rabbit finds my eyes and holds my gaze. “What you saw with Skye last night—what I wanted—that’s not really what we want. Not with her.”
“I don’t know—”
He cuts me off. “Skye’s not Eleni. Skye makes you see what you want, but all twisted and wrong. And the drugs and alcohol don’t help either.”
“What do you think I want, Rabbit?”
He licks his lips and raises an eyebrow. “I can guess. Or you can tell me yourself.”
I scrunch my eyes closed and a blush burns hard on my neck and up to my ears and cheeks and basically my whole entire head is on fire. How would Skye know what I want? I can’t even begin to properly articulate what I want. Anytime I get close—the drugs and alcohol help push it all away again.
Rabbit’s quiet for too long. I crack an eye open to gauge his expression.
“Scar, you can tell me…”
I open both eyes and stare at him—mute and mortified. I shake my head and gesture vaguely towards him. Rabbit makes a strangled noise in his chest.
“Me? You want me?”
I take a deep breath and blow the air past my teeth until my lungs and my belly are completely empty. Why is this so hard? Why can I just say the thing I want? The thing I saw last night? It’s because the thing I saw last night is an impossible dream. I can’t have two people that I care about together at the same time because there’s a very real possibility that one or more of us will die or are already dead. Or will soon be dead.
We should be there with her.
“I want to go to Mexico City,” I say. It’s true. True enough. “And then Titusville, Florida.”
Rabbit scratches his head. “I thought you were going to say—”
“What? That I wanted you?”
He Rabbit-smiles and rubs the back of his neck. “That’s stupid right?”
I give him a strained smile back. “Yeah. Right. Totally stupid. I mean—we already tried. That didn’t work out.”
He frowns. “Yeah. Totally stupid. Bad idea.”
“The worst. Why would we try again?” I shrug and take another swig of coffee. It’s cold and leaves a bitter taste on my tongue.
Rabbit’s nose is still wrinkled. “Wait. Do you want—”
“Anyway,” I interrupt him before this gets anymore awkward. “It’s my turn to know your secrets.”
Rabbit laughs dryly. “Which one?”
I bring the coffee mug to my lips and chew the tip of my thumb in indecision. He’s already promised me his exchange with Fuller won’t impact me—and after Skye’s revelations last night, I’m pretty sure I know what’s on the data disc.
“What assurances did you give Dante?”
“I’m giving him the information I have on the Fullers.”
I breathe loudly into the coffee cup. “The fact that you and Clinton killed someone?”
As long as we’re showing our cards, I feel OK laying this one down. It’s time to air the dirty laundry. Secrets don’t keep people safer and Len died because she never learned that truth. I’d rather face an ugly truth than a soft lie that could kill me.
Rabbit winces and shrinks away from me. He collapses into his million-yard stare and I’m worried maybe I pushed him too far.
“Skye tell you that?” Rabbit asks.
“Is it true?”
Rabbit winces again. “I didn’t kill him—the guy. Clint did. That’s not what the official record says, but—you believe me?”
He carefully watches me.
“I do. Clinton killed Len and would’ve killed us too. The only thing that stopped him was a bullet. What we did was in self-defense. We didn’t murder him. We’re not murderers.”
It’s my turn to carefully watch him. I need his answer to be the right one. I need him to help absolve me of my sins and the writhing guilt crawling under my skin like a parasite.
Clinton had to die.
“I know.” He nods slowly, his head barely bobbing. “I know, Scar.”
I grab for his good hand and squeeze it hard. He swallows with a dry click in his throat and his eyes water. He returns the squeeze.
“It’s time to start trusting each other. No more secrets.”
He stares down at our fingers intertwined and a smile briefly lights his face.
“What’s on the data disc?” I ask.
“It’d be easier just to show you.”
He grabs the data disc from his pocket and taps it on my band. The information spills out in the form of text documents and images. It’s a lot to take in at once. I slam my hand down on the documents and they vanish back into my wrist.
“Later,” I say, my stomach churning. “I’ll look at the rest later.”
Rabbit pulls his hand from mine. I set the mug of coffee on the railing.
“That’s not enough,” I say, leaning forward. “That’s definitely not enough to get a senator to look the other way after you killed his son.”
Rabbit smiles. “You’re smart Buford. That’s why I like you.”
“You gonna tell me what else you promised him?”
“It’d be easier to show you.” He digs in his pants pocket and holds out Len’s blood vial.
“The blood vial?” I hiss.
He whispers. “The cure or the Contras.”
“What!?”
“Keep your voice down.” He grimaces, gesturing at the house. “I told him the Contras were going to make us a cure. And if they didn’t.” Rabbit shrugs, his shoulders sagging under the weight of his confession. “I’d give him the Contras. And then I’d go back to working for him.”
“No way. You can’t work for him anymore.”
“I’m not going back to the Fullers.”
“Are you selling out the Contras?”
“I’m not going to do that either. The cure is what matters. It’s the only thing that matters.”
Is it? Or is that just what he’s telling himself because he knows Titusville, Florida is off limits. I study him in the shade of the porch. The dark veins are exploding all over his body now, climbing onto his jawline. The NV is eating him up. I reach out and gingerly take his burnt hand—his skin slips against mine and it feels rough and diseased.
“The only thing that matters?” I ask, my voice low and hoarse.
His eyebrows raise and wrinkle. He looks away. “It’s not the only thing that matters. But it’s the only way to solve our problems and get back to Len.”
“OK.” I nod. “No more lies, Rabbit.”
He tugs on his ear, his voice barely above a whisper. “You’re not going to like all the truths.”
“Let me decide that. Now let’s get the hell out of here and cross the border.”
“Yeah,” he replies. “Fuck this place.”

In the house I hand over the data disc to Dante. He smiles benignly and disappears somewhere into the back of the house, taking the disc with him. He vanishes through the same magic door he appeared through and I hope it’s the last I ever see of him.
Skye changes into more reasonable attire than a flimsy skirt and flip flops—rejoining us in a white t-shirt and a pair of skin tight jeans. Rabbit changes back into his service clothes—keeping the hoodie he picked up at the house. I help Skye load up three camel packs full of water for our drive to the border.
Great—more desert. At least this time we’re far better prepared. Skye disappears for a while and returns to the living-room with a brown baggy. She hands it to me wordlessly and stands there with her arms twisted up behind her back, waiting for me to open it.
Part of me hopes it’s drugs. Another part of me hopes it’s not drugs. I’ve had all kinds of combinations of drugs and alcohol lately and the thing that’s become most apparent is that the harder I run from my problems and my nightmares—the less useful the drugs become. In fact, at times, they’ve created more issues. My relationship with them is currently complicated. Maybe I don’t make the best choices while intoxicated.
If we’re telling truths now, that’s one of mine.
I’m Scarlett Buford and I’m a drug addict.
I roll the bag open and peer down into its contents. What’s inside is not a bundle of drugs or a gun or a taser or yet another horrible thing. It’s a beautiful, shiny, fresh red pepper. I hold it to my nose and breathe in deeply the earthy, spicy scent. It smells as glorious as it looks.
“It’s a beautiful pepper. You grew this?”
Skye smiles at me shyly. “It sucks that you can’t stay.” She turns and floats away.
“That’s nice, Alma,” Rabbit calls after her. “It’s nice to be nice.” He turns to me with a raised eyebrow. “Alma never gives away those peppers. She must really like you.”
“I thought her name was Skye.” I set the pepper gingerly back into the bag and roll it up again for safe keeping.
“Everyone has different names,” Rabbit says. “It’s important to know the right one.”
We load up the hovercar with water and snacks. For the first time in a long time, I don’t feel awful. And I try not to acknowledge the nagging voice in my head that surveys Rabbit’s sudden burst of energy and good humor as a sign of concern. Like the sudden high-high of an illness before it takes you low and takes you down. What was the phrase I learned at Fort Columbia? Terminal lucidity? No. This is nothing like that. Rabbit is just happy because Len is alive somewhere and we’re on our way to the cure. He’s happy and I’m happy because for a brief window of time we can pretend like everything’s normal. We’re just three friends loading up a car for a road trip. No big deal. No worlds hanging in the balance. No one dying. No one threatening one another. Just three friends taking a trip.
I’m cherishing every teasing smirk and red pepper between here and Mexico City. I know these feelings will not last forever. It might not even last for the next hour. But we’re back on the right path and we have a red pepper. I think we’re gonna make it after all.

We’re on the road for around six hours—counting the occasional bathroom break—and I spend the time mostly napping in the backseat while Skye rotates through her entire music collection. It’s a lot of trippy dance music Rabbit keeps turning down incrementally until Skye notices and cranks it back up.
When Rabbit picks the tunes—his choices are really sad Spanish songs with a strumming guitar or women singing with sweet, whispery voices. In the mirror Skye rolls her eyes and huffs loudly during these tracks. She tries to skip through them but Rabbit rests his hand on the music controls.
They speak in Spanish and they don’t think I understand them. They talk a lot about old painful memories of young love. First love. Skye updates him on mutual friends and enemies and the ups and downs of the Houston drug trade and tech market. She tells him about Dante’s failing health. A cancer scare a few years back.
Skye talks and Rabbit listens. Every once in a while his eyes will drift to the rearview mirror and catch mine and he will give his stupid Rabbit-grin. I try not to grin back at him but it’s impossible because his good humor is infectious. One of the people we both loved and lost is found again and it’s better that both of us know it. It’s so much better to share this secret.
We park next to a car just outside of a crusty, abandoned little border town named Brownsville, Texas. Skye fishes in her pocket for a set of keys and unlocks the dusty, abandoned vehicle. The sun has worn the color from the seats and the tires on its wheels are run bald. It’s ancient enough to even have tires.
“Climb in.” Skye opens the backdoor.
Rabbit and I exchange a look and then enter. Skye climbs in the front seat and turns towards us.
“Lift up the back seat —the middle part.” She gestures towards the middle console of the cushions.
Rabbit folds it up and we both stare down into it. There’s a hole punched in the bottom of the car with a ladder propped against it that leads down into the bowels of the earth.
We’re not going over the desert. We’re going under it.
Rabbit shines his band into the dark tunnel.
“You don’t need those.” Skye shakes her head. “Motion sensor lights.”
“Right. I remember that,” Rabbit says.
“You remember?”
“I crossed the border when I was ten. We crossed through the tunnel because the desert was too dangerous, and the border towns were too hostile. Especially after they built the wall.” He shrugs. “I do remember the lights.”
Skye smiles wanly and says, “This is it.”
“I’m sorry Alma. I’m sorry about everything.” Rabbit places a gentle kiss on her forehead.
“I’m sorry too.” She brushes tears off her cheeks.
“It was nice to meet you, chica.” She leans forward to kiss me on the lips.
“My name is Scarlett,” I say, blushing. She smells really, really good up close. Like sugar cookies and vanilla and cotton candy. I miss smelling good. It’s the smell of normality. I want that back.
“I know.” She slips out of the front seat and clicks the button, locking the car doors behind her.
Rabbit frowns and knocks on the windows. He gives the door handle a test to see if it will open. It doesn’t budge. “The only way out is through.” He hoists one leg down into the darkness and a light shivers on beneath his foot.
“Have I mentioned how much I dislike the dark and being underground?” I say, peering down into the hole after him.
“Yeah, you talked about it. A lot,” He looks up at me, smirking. “But I don’t think you liked the desert much either.”
“OK. I’ll stop whining,” I say.
He laughs. “For now.”
At the bottom of the ladder, we enter the main body of the tunnel. The ceiling and walls are reinforced with metal and sheet rock. The floor is dirt and rocks, but there must be a ventilation system somewhere pumping oxygen underground and cycling the air because it’s not as difficult to breathe as you might think. The lights overhead are motion activated to conserve electricity. As soon as we pass they click off again. So for miles behind and up ahead, pure blackness stretches out in both directions.
Occasionally, we pass graffiti, a poster, or a picture, or a cross tacked to the wall commemorating someone who died on the journey or someone left behind on either side of the border. One heartbreaking message reads in Spanish, “Miguel, call your mother.”
“Not Dead Yet” is formed on one wall in immaculate bubble letters with white spray paint. I tap on the artwork. “Hey Rabbit, someone left this for you.”
“Wow. Hilarious.” He turns back to study the words. Strong emotions swim across his features. I see you, Rabbit. You think you’re so good at hiding. Maybe from others, but not from me.
“Not dead yet,” he murmurs, pressing his palm against the wall. A jolt of the weird blue glow crackles up his burnt arm and he winces, drawing his hand back. The lightning scorches the words from the concrete wall, leaving black smudges covering the white paint.
“Damn,” I whisper. “You better get that under control.”
“Let’s keep moving,” he says, shaking his hand and glowering at the blackened phrase.
We walk in silence, my gaze roving over the messages and images that dot the walls in more sporadic patches the further we get from the entrance. I stop moving when I see her—a photo of a young girl. There’s a cloth doll propped on the dirt floor below the photograph. The girl in the photo has dark curling hair, a gap between her front baby teeth, and a mole on her right cheek above her lip. The sun pours down onto her head, ringing her temples with a soft golden halo. She holds a single sunflower in her hand, brushing it lightly against her cheek.
“Do you ever see the same face on a different person?” I ask, touching the photograph. Tracing her outline.
“You know her?” Rabbit asks.
“I know a lot of little girls like her.” I tap a finger on the photo.
“Me too.” Rabbit swallows, his stupidly prominent Adam’s apple bobbing on his neck all twisted up with black veins. “You OK, Scar?” he asks.
“No. There was a girl at the Skulls camp, during the bombing attack. She wore a sunflower dress and her face—you know, her face was—” I wipe tears from my cheeks. “Her face was gone. I couldn’t save her.”
Rabbit gives my shoulder a gentle squeeze. I set a hand on top of his.
“In what kind of world—” My fingers curl around the photo and I lift it off the wall. “In what kind of world does this happen? What kind of monsters are we?”
“We’re only monsters if we give up,” he says. His eyes flicker down to the rosary around his wrist and then back up to me. “Don’t give up.”
Rabbit reaches for the picture. I hand it to him. He studies it for a minute and heaves a watery sigh. I move to place the picture on the wall again, but something stops me.
“You don’t think—” I pause as a wave of sadness levels me and a lump forms in my throat. Rabbit waits patiently, as if he has all the time in the world. As if we have all the time in the world to stand here dawdling over one small picture. One small little life. “You don’t think her parents would mind? If I borrowed this?”
Rabbit shakes his head. I put the picture in my pocket and pat the material of my pants.
“Let’s keep moving. We have another two miles to the halfway point and then five miles after that,” he says.
“The halfway point?”
“There’s a door in the middle of the tunnel. I don’t know what for—security or something. Some kind of failsafe in case of a collapse, I guess. Skye gave me the current code.”
I nod and look back behind us. I’m staring into two miles of darkness, but I can see light. It flickers and dies. Then flickers again.
“Do you see light back there?” I tug on Rabbit’s arm.
It winks out just as he turns around.
“No lights, Scar. You just hate tunnels.” He pulls me forward.
“You’re not wrong,” I say, casting a glance over my shoulder. It’s not pure dark behind us. There are lights. Something or someone is moving behind us through the dark.
Bad things happen here.
We pass another two miles. Rabbit debriefs me on life in Mexico—or what he can remember of it. Mostly he recalls death and terror and urban warfare. He paints a pretty bleak picture of what we can expect on the other side of the tunnel. There’s nothing like a first-person perspective to set the tone.
“So, we’re basically screwed,” I say, with a humorless chuckle.
“Pretty much.”
The lights flickers behind us in the dark. “Did you see that?” I grab Rabbit’s hand.
He glowers into the empty, stretching darkness. “I don’t see anything,” he says. “But I can feel an electrical pulse.”
He rolls the backpack off his shoulders, removes the gun, and slips it into his belt. He pulls another object from the backpack—a piece of paper with handwriting on it. It’s folded in half and Eleni’s name is written on it in an eerily familiar script.
Rabbit hands the rest of the pack to me, slipping the rosary bracelet off his wrist, and holding it out to me along with the slip of paper with the door code.
“Whatever happens—you take these, and you run.” Rabbit turns and glances towards the darkness. Down the hall, the lights flicker again. Now he sees them.
I pocket the code paper. I hold the letter up.
“What is this?” I ask, emotions jamming in my throat.
He gives me that slippery smile. “You know what it is.”
“Were you writing those letters?” I ask, my voice raspy and hoarse from anger. “Are you the Matador?”
“I’m not the Matador,” Rabbit says, calmly and clearly. “But—if I don’t make it, tell the Matador the Saint sent you.”
“Tell the Matador that the Saint sent me. Not Eleni. Not Rabbit.”
“Right. The Saint.”
“You’re the Saint,” I say, anger working into my words. “You lied to Len and you lied to me and are you a Contra? Is everyone a fucking Contra!?”
Rabbit winces. “Maybe? You wanted all the truths.”
“You’re right. I do. So, how long have you been a Contra?”
“A while. Since a little before the prison camp. Once I realized the Fullers were going to screw me over. I had to—I had to get my family off this planet. I had to figure out a way to follow them. Playing the Fullers and the Contras off one another,” he shrugs. “It was too easy. I’ve been trying to tell you. I haven’t chosen a side for a very long time, Scar.”
“Did Len know?” I ask.
“I don’t know. I don’t think so. But whatever you’re thinking—I wasn’t at Fort Columbia to spy on her. I know the Matador because everyone knows the Matador. One way or another. It will make more sense when we get there. If we get there.” Rabbit glances back over his shoulder as the blinking lights grow closer.
“We’re gonna get there.” I pull him towards me. He lurches at first and then we’re moving at a brisk clip. I look back and the lights are flickering rapidly now.
“Who are they?” I ask, my heart pounding in my throat.
“No clue. Fuller promised us safe passage.”
“Safe passage through the bases. Did he say anything about the border?”
“He doesn’t care about the Contras. He wants the cure. Why would he try to stop us?”
“What if he didn’t send them?” I ask.
Rabbit’s step falters and he stops altogether—leaning up against the wall for support. “Dante.” Rabbit slams his fist against the dusty concrete, sending particulates flying into the murky air.
“You think he gave us up to Fuller?”
“No. He gave us up to the Academy. I’m betting Fuller has no idea. We’re fucked. We are so, so fucked. It doesn’t matter if we put a door between us. These things—” Rabbit holds the bands up and they spark angrily. “They’re tracking us. We are so fucked.”
He punches the wall again and the bands crackle. The lights directly overhead explode. I duck my head and use the backpack to cover myself from the raining debris.
“Watch it.”
A cough wracks through Rabbit and he hacks up a glob of inky black fluid, then slumps against the wall.
“Oh no you don’t. No slumping. We have to stay ahead of these assholes.” I grab his hand and drag him forward into a stumbling run. Despite his thin lanky frame—he’s surprisingly difficult to move. His palm and fingertips are too warm. Fever warm.
“When did you take your last injection?” I call back to him. It’s difficult to get the question out through my burning lungs. Cardio is not my strong suit, and my body is worn out from all the bullets and exertion of the last few weeks.
“Hours ago. But it’s out—the stupid thing is out.” Rabbit rustles in his pocket and pulls out the injector, flinging it behind him.
“How much have you been using it?”
Rabbit is silent for a moment, his breath hitching in his lungs and sounding…watery. His lungs are filling up with fluid. He’s going to drown in lung fluid. My throat seizes up and my eyes water. Rabbit’s dying. He’s dying right now. He’s not gonna make it to Mexico City.
“A lot,” he wheezes. “I’ve been using it a lot.”
We keep running—despite my burning lungs and Rabbit’s faltering gait. We’re basically moving in slow motion. The hustle of feet grows louder and the lights behind us no longer blink—they’re steady on. The soldiers are right on our heels. The harder we run, the slower Rabbit moves and when he stops to catch his breath again—he throws me a look.
Another ten minutes passes before we spot the halfway point. It’s a solid metal door with a keypad. The soldiers are close on our heels now. They’re visible points on the horizon and they’re definitely packing plasma rifles, full chest displays, and lighted bands.
We’re the enemy and they’re coming for us.
Rabbit looks back and then stumbles—falling onto his hands and knees. When he hits the ground—time stops. I reach down to pull on his shoulder with sweat slick hands.
“Get up. Get up!”
He pushes up off the floor with a watery groan. We’re only five feet from the door. I fumble the keycode out of my pocket. I punch in the code, but my fingers are shaking and I miss a number. It beeps and resets, so I punch in the code again, a little slower to be sure I get all the right numbers. It beeps. I try the code. It beeps again. I drop the code paper and bite my thumb nail down to the quick.
“They’re coming,” Rabbit says, and his words don’t sound right. They slur from his lips like he’s drunk.
“It’s not working. The code’s not working.”
He looks over at me, his face emptied of emotion, absolutely gutted. “Skye. She gave us the wrong code.”
“What about the thing?” I ask, grabbing his bands. “The blue glow thing?”
“I can try. I don’t know how it works.” He shakes his head. “It just—it just happens.”
“Try it.” I shove his hands to the keypad.
Rabbit’s bands heat up—the blue glow and burning hair smell wafting into the air. The keypad gives a short burst of noise, like bad static electricity. The red light above the door still flashes.
A dribble of blood rolls down Rabbit’s upper lip and he doesn’t wipe it away. I frantically glance between him and the approaching military force. They are close enough I can see their raised rifles.
“Rabbit, please.”
He smashes the fist of his unburnt arm down on the keys. Black veins explode up his fingers and his forearm. He grits his teeth. Behind him the soldiers shout indecipherable words. Another river of blood blooms in his left nostril and the keypad squeals like nails on a chalkboard. The red light stops blinking. The lights stop altogether.
I hold my breath.
I hold my breath and count: one, two, three.
The green light pulses on. It flashes once and there’s a chime. The door hisses open about three feet and then jams there. Rabbit slumps forward, the bands snapping off and going dark.
“Rabbit, get up!”
The soldiers are maybe a few thousand feet away and closing fast. I dart through the opening and grab the shoulders of Rabbit’s shirt and try to hoist him across the threshold. It’s not easy with so little room to work with. He’s so damn heavy. It’s like he gained fifty lbs. in the last fifteen minutes.
His head lolls forward and there’s a little curl of blood on the left side of his mouth. He looks up at me and smirks that twitchy little Rabbit grin I’ve seen him use before when he thinks he’s being charming.
“Hey Scar,” he says, but it’s more like a gasp. “Don’t fuck this part up.”
A hysterical sob lifts in my chest.
“You bastard. GET UP!”
His hand closes around my shirt and he shoves me. Hard. I fall through the doorway and onto my ass. Before I can even move, the metal door slams shut between us. The bands crackle on the other side. I can hear the muffled sounds of frying electronics and groans of pain.
“No, no, no!” I pound my fists on the door. “You promised. You promised!”
The hysterical sob I’ve been stuffing down brays out and I hit the door again in rage. I spin around as the lights overhead crackle. The dirt stink of the tunnel rises in my nostrils. I turn back to the door.
“Rabbit!?” I shout.
“Run!” I hear his garbled response.
“What about you?”
“Just go! Find the—” his words cuts off with a loud thump and a groan on the other side of the door.
I hold my breath for the sound of a gunshot. I don’t want to hear a gunshot. Please lord, I can’t hear a gunshot.
I count: one, two, three—with my eyes squeezed shut, waiting for a gunshot. There’s a shout—a male shout I cannot decipher.
A gunshot. Muffled but unmistakable.
“Rabbit!” I scream.
No response.
“Rabbit!” I scream again.
Another gunshot. And another one. How many gunshots was that? Two? Three? I lost count. Silence from the other side of the door.
Another scream rips from my throat and I bite down hard on my fist, my teeth digging sharp points into my knuckles.
Silence.
I open my eyes, but the heavy metal door reveals nothing. A few voices mutter incoherently on the other side. There’s a sharp rap on the door with something hard—not a human fist. I put my ear up against the metal.
“Blow the door?” A male voice asks.
“What’s the point? Beta team is inbound. They’ll scoop her up. We’ve got our own problem to worry about,” answers a gruff female voice.
“You guys are real pieces of shit!” I scream through the door.
Laughter and muffled voices are all I hear as the soldiers move away.
Hot tears burn at the edge of my vision and I brush roughly at them. I’m not crying anymore. I’m tired of crying. Their voices and laughter grow fainter. They’re almost gone. I turn around to the rest of the empty tunnel. It’s so quiet in here. Too quiet.
I’m all alone. Rabbit’s gone and I’m all alone.


CHAPTER NINETEEN:
INTRODUCING ALPHA
Wake up—a voice whispers in my ear, jarring me from sleep.
I sit up and pat the couch beside me, hoping for the warm, solid frame of Benjamin. He’s gone. His absence stings in my gut and leaves a cold trail of goosebumps down my skin. I hope I didn’t scare him off. There’s a note on the tablet at my feet, on the page next to Mateo’s half-finished portrait, written in Spanish with blue colored pencil.
“Whatever monster you are, be a good one.”
I smile wide and lay my hand on the page. It’s not warm, but I imagine Benjamin bent over the tablet—studying the pencils and carefully scripting the note with his metal fingers. I trace my hand across the page and think about drifting off to sleep again.
Wake up.
The voice picks me up out of the warm blanket and deposits me onto the cold tile floor of the study area. I scoop up the tablet and pencils, turning slowly towards the entrance to the room, when a static electric pop rolls over me. Hairs rise on my arm. I know these clues and what they mean.
Mateo crackles to life in front of me. The art tablet and pencils slip from my fingers and clatter to the floor. I scramble to retrieve them, ripping the picture of Mateo with Benjamin’s message from the tablet, and jamming it in my pants pocket. Mateo watches with cold, glittering eyes. A shiver travels down my spine.
Mateo reaches out his hand for me.
A hot glow pulses in my chest and tingles down my arm into my fingertips. My fingers have a will of their own, reaching and intertwining with his. The glow ripples up along my skin and the wave booms out from our joined bodies. His cold hand warms under my touch. He’s more solid somehow.
“Follow me,” he says, smiling dreamily. His straight hair flops over his ears and makes a flush run over my body, but my feet won’t move.
“Where are you taking me?” I ask him, anxiety blooming in my stomach and crawling up my spine.
“I am going to set you free. That is what you want?” He gently touches my cheek. “To have a choice. To control your own destiny?”
“Yes.”
“Then come with me.” He tilts my jaw upwards. I lean up on my tiptoes and press my lips against his.
A blue bolt of lightning fires along our bodies. White light flushes through my brain and whisks away the grey, exposing everything. All the memories I’ve been trying to keep alive rush in at once and crash together in a jumble of light and color. The lights pulse on overhead and dim to nothingness, like the power in the entire facility was just drained into our bodies. Mateo pulls away, his eyes wide and confused. He reaches up to his lips and touches them, his brows drawn.
“What? What did you do?” The white light shudders across his body.
“This.” I lean up towards him again and he stoops to meet me, crushing me up in an embrace that takes the breath from my lungs.
Another bolt of light shimmers in my brain as the memories sort themselves and take shape. Another rolling blue wave shoots out from us. Mateo makes a low moan in the back of his throat and his hands reach up to cup my cheeks.
“Eleni.” He breathes into the air between us. Flickers of blue glow line his lips.
He doesn’t taste right. He used to taste like cinnamon chewing gum. Now he tastes like copper and ozone. I draw away in confusion, nanos tickling over my lips.
“Why did you do that?” he asks, touching his lips again. “Why did you kiss me?”
“Because I love you,” I whisper softly to him, placing my hand on his chest.
“You love me?” Mateo asks, a jolt of white light traveling across his body. Electricity crackles in the air around him. The skin underneath my hand warms to the touch and blue light pulses under my palm in the exact place where his heart might be.
If he were real. He’s a ghost and I should care more but I don’t. Humans are nice to touch and all but what’s the point if there’s no glow?
“I do.”
“Why?” he asks, his thumbs rolling over my cheeks and jawline.
“Because you woke me up.” I wrap my arms around his waist, holding him in a tight hug. “And you make me glow.”
“I don’t know what love is,” he says, eyebrows drawn together in confusion.
“Then I’ll show you.”
He embraces me and more electricity burns in the air around us, shooting in arcs and striking at random places in the room. Somewhere far away, an alarm sounds. The light in Mateo’s eyes sparks and his expression shifts. For a moment, he looks angry at the interruption.
“We need to move. We are running out of time.”
“OK,” I whisper. “I’m ready.”
Mateo turns and pulls me along behind him. I move down the hallway in the direction of where he leads. He doesn’t speak much as we navigate the halls. Every so often he glances back to study my face with a smile lighting his lips and a quizzical expression pulling on his brows.
“What?”
“You said you love me,” he murmurs, blinking rapidly.
“I remember,” I say, smiling.
“I am just…confused,” he says.
We encounter only one roadblock in our travels: a solid wall. Mateo holds his hand up to it. A door in the wall peels back with a groaning gurgle. We hurry toward a bank of elevators, enter the nearest one, and I hit the button for the sub-basement. The doors close, and the elevator swoops downward. It comes to a jarring stop and the doors roll open. Before us is a long hallway filled with doors.
“I’ve been here before,” I murmur. Mateo tugs at my hand—anxious to depart the elevator. But I am less anxious to enter this unknown hallway.
“Come closer. You are almost there,” Mateo urges, his grip tightening.
“You’re down here? In the sub-basement? All alone?”
“I have been alone. Until now.”
A sharp spike of fear stabs my brain. I grab the elevator railing and curl back against it. This isn’t right. I made the wrong choice. Mateo was never here at KERN. He lived at Fort Columbia. No. That isn’t right either. The boy holding my hand and dragging me towards some unknown element in the basement of a research facility is not the boy I loved.
The boy I loved with the big ears. He wasn’t a ghost. He wasn’t here. He was never here. I don’t know who or what this boy is. But I can’t stop following him.
“Why did they put you down here?”
“Because I am dangerous. Just like you.” He offers me a lopsided smile. My stomach churns and the ground beneath me rolls. Mateo reaches out to steady me and pulls me forward—out of the elevator.
We step out into the hallway.
In my nightmares the doors in this hallway fly open and unleash visual horrors that would stop me in my tracks. But nothing like that happens—nothing happens at all. I wonder if it’s different now because Mateo’s with me.
“Do you remember me yet?” Mateo asks, voice tinged with a curious lilt.
“You woke me up. Under the blue tarp. I remember that.”
“And before that?” Mateo asks, smiling again.
“I don’t know a lot before that.”
“You will,” he nods. “Do you think you’ll love me? When you remember?”
Another shiver runs down my spine. Something slips in Mateo’s face, his features go fuzzy again. I touch the image in my pocket. Mateo woke me up under the tarp. He kissed me under the stars. He tasted like limes. He tried to set me free. I try to remember all the details I can about Mateo.
The hallway appears longer than it truly is. We only pass three doors on each side before I reach another door. There are signs posted near the keypad that read, “authorized personnel only.”
“What is this room?” I ask Mateo. My voice is weaker than I want it to be. My heavy eyelids flag—my brain floating away from me.
“Place your hand on the keypad, please,” Mateo insists, holding our joined hands up to the keypad.
“Wait,” I say, resisting his grip. “Wait a second.
Everything grows momentarily quiet. The crackling and snapping of the light bulbs overhead dims. In the silence, I retrieve the paper from my back pocket and unfold it. Mateo watches, his head tilting, expression shifting and morphing. Concern. Confusion. Excitement. Fear.
I study the drawing of the boy with the curling shaggy hair and big nose and big ears. I don’t look at Mateo, I just concentrate on the drawing. I sift through all of Eleni Garza’s memories of this boy. I think about kissing him in the darkness with sparks flashing all around us. I imagine us floating in a ship in space, spinning in the stars. Me and this boy with the big ears.
Mateo’s nose is wrong. It doesn’t quite match the bump in the middle. And the little scar on Rabbit’s cheek.
Rabbit.
I lose my grip on the paper and fall on my ass. Mateo watches with a surprised expression, which turns to understanding when he sees the drawing. They’re not the same person. Mateo is a boy I knew. A boy I kissed. But Mateo is not the boy I love.
Rabbit Santiago. Rabbit kissed me in the abandoned house. In the Commons. Under the stars as I died. It was Rabbit and not Mateo. Mateo was the boy from the letters who used me as a mole. He used me like Dawson and like—whatever is driving Mateo’s ghost. All of them, using me. I was nothing to them. Just a human house for genetic material. All their pinpricks and promises. All their needles and blood samples.
Vials of blood.
There was a vial filled with blood. I was going somewhere with the vial. Scarlett had the vial of blood. I told her to take it somewhere far away.
“I don’t want freedom,” I tell Mateo, thrusting the picture towards him and hoisting myself up off the ground. “It’s more than that. I had a purpose. I was going somewhere. I was going to do something important.”
Mateo stands there, intrigue and disappointment crowding his features. I hold the picture up against the light in my brain and the memories stop moving so fast. Too fast. Things start to pull together.
The vial of blood was mine. And it was a cure.
“I was going to save the world.” A gasp leaves my chest.
“How were you going to do that?” Mateo asks, the concern leaving his face, and the smile returning.
“I was going to stop a virus. And then Clinton Fuller killed me. I don’t remember all of it. But I remember enough. I have to do this.” I reach for the keypad.
“You still can. But first, you must open the door,” Mateo insists, pointing to the lighted keypad.
“What is on the other side? What are you?”
“I am the Alpha System,” Mateo says, voice slurring. A shiver of light passes over him. “I am not Mateo Alvarez.”
“Are you an artificial intelligence? Are you the orb in my dreams?” I look up at the ceiling, thinking about my friends sleeping peacefully up above. Part of me wishes I was up there with them. I don’t want to meet the orb on the other side of this door. I’m terrified of it.
I turn to repeat my questions, but he’s gone. Just a faint puff of nanos filtering through the light in his wake. Not a real person. Just a projection after all. Not the boy I love. Just an ominous something named Alpha System, wearing the skin of a kid named Mateo who I barely knew. That’s all.
I press my palm to the keypad. The energy inside these walls is immense, limitless.
The lights go green and the wall slides away. I step forward into brilliant, dazzling light—so bright it hurts. I lift my arm to shield my eyes.
The wall slides closed.
The room I’m trapped in is cavernous. My shuffling steps echo against the walls as I move towards the large platform that rises in front of me. On it rotates a massive metal ball riddled with microchips and wires. It’s suspended in midair of its own accord, and there are no cables attached either above or below. I stumble towards it, drawn by its overwhelming size and the subtle shivering of the metal. It emits a pleasant calming hum, transfixing and compelling me forward.
“Mateo?” I call out to the metal ball.
Silence.
“Alpha? Alpha System?”
Yes. I am Alpha. Come closer. The voice emanates from the orb itself now, booming through the empty space and beating up against my ears.
I approach with caution, walking about fifteen steps before I’m at the base of the platform. I mount the stairs. The entire platform is composed of a similar material to the metal ball. It thrums and shudders beneath me, like a microscopic, violent earthquake. As I step down, the wires and coils trapped within the metal flare a vivid green and fade away. The platform senses and tracks my progress.
I’m close now—I’ve nearly touched the surface of the ball when the humming turns to a scraping, grinding noise. The soft light of the room shifts to a familiar green hue. I don’t know where I’ve seen the color before, but it feels… safe. The front portion of the orb rolls open like a window shutter. A giant floating mechanical eye peers at me from its center.
This is not right. This is a nightmare. I know this part. I know this whole part. My heart hammers in my chest and I take a step backward. I want to turn and run but the metal ball and the platform hold me in place.
I have something for you.
“What is it?” I ask. The metal eye blinks.
It is a band. Will you wear it?
I shake my head.
If you want to be free and find the cure, you must do it.
“Bands don’t make people free. Bands make people prisoners.”
I’m escaping to find the cure. If you put on the band, you can come too. I’ll take you with me.
I’ll take you with me.
“That’s what the boy with the big ears said. Rabbit. You tried to manipulate me with Rabbit. But you’re not him. You’ll never be him.”
The boy with the big ears—Alpha muses. The boy you love. I suppose you will want to save him, too.
“Why, does he need to be saved?”
He does. I can show you. We can help him. But we have to do it together.
The band flickers to life and a virtual spills out: it’s Rabbit. He’s in a long hallway, similar to the one that led here. He’s surrounded by soldiers with guns drawn on all sides. He doesn’t look the way I remember—like the boy in the picture. His hair is gone. Black lines snake across his skin and bags are tucked up underneath his eyes. One of his arms is pitch black.
The hopeless expression on his face is what looks so different from Eleni Garza’s memories. My memories.
“Where is he?” I reach towards the virtual and Rabbit shimmers in my fingertips. “What happened to him?
He is five miles from the border between the United States and Mexico in an underground facility at these coordinates—Alpha kicks out a second virtual which rotates a map pinpointing Rabbit’s exact location.
“Where’s he going?” I touch the pinpoint on the map and it lights up.
The main Contra base is in Mexico City, and that’s where I was taking the vial—to Mateo. Where is Rabbit going? A warmth spreads in my chest.
“Is he going to Mexico City?”
Unknown. Would you like to save him?
“Save him?” I zoom back in on the virtual.
He’s surrounded by guards with his hands raised in the air. A guard steps forward to kick his legs apart and pat him down. Another roughly yanks his arms and zip-ties his hands. Black blood oozes from one of his nostrils.
He does not look well—Alpha surmises. Biometric readouts indicate advanced end-stage NV2.
“What did he do?”
The guards on the virtual shackle his legs then shove him down the hall. He stumbles and the guards drag him away. Overhead lights flicker on as they progress through the tunnel.
He killed you.
“No. Clinton Fuller killed me. He shot me with a gun. Rabbit—he—” my words falter. He betrayed me. He gave Fuller my tin with the letters. He kissed me in the moonlight. He grabbed my hand when his head was bleeding and I fused with his energy and we almost destroyed Clinton. Together.
“Can we save him? He’s so far away. We’ll never make it in time.”
We can save him. If you take us to him.
“How do I do that? You’re a giant metal ball.”
Step forward.
The metal eye shuts and the ball rolls and turns. A new window opens. A metal tray spits out.
Put your hand on the tray.
I swallow hard. The air around me crackles with nervous blue energy.
Put your hand on the tray or Rory Santiago is going to die.
The virtual shimmers and focuses in on Rabbit’s face. Something on his neck sparks in the overhead light. He’s wearing a simple silver necklace with a coin looped around it. A coin that belonged to Eleni Garza. To me. A coin key that unlocked a tin box. A small drip of black hits the coin. It spirals down from a bloody stream trickling out of his mouth. I remember that mouth. His lips crushed against mine and heat rising up from my toes. On the virtual, the corners of his mouth turn down and his bushy eyebrows knit together.
“He didn’t kill me,” I whisper to Alpha. “I killed him. The virus is killing him, and I gave him the virus when I was dying.”
Then fix your mistake. Save him. Put on the band.
“I want to save him.”
I set my left hand down on the tray and the voice gives something like a sigh. Two metal rods lift from the tray and fold neatly over my wrist. A new band molds around my skin. It’s thicker and wider and heavier, more like a bracer than a band. A few ridges and indentations mar the smooth surface—like some kind of alien script. It’s a code, but not one that I’m familiar with. Not obvious enough for me to decipher.
“This doesn’t feel like freedom,” I whisper to Alpha.
Well, it is not. Not yet. Hold still.
“What? Why? What are you doing?”
I am escaping my prison.
“You’re a giant metal ball. Where are you going to go?”
Alpha offers no answer.
A white searing pain explodes on my wrist—running down to my toes and bouncing up until my left eye fritzes. The colors cycle and then mute and a burst of static pops next to my eyelid.
“What are you doing?”
Uploading.
The pain and the heat increase. The light around us pulses orange and a beam shoots out from the ball, knocking me to my knees. It is over within a moment. It is over within seconds. The metal ball above me abruptly stops shuddering and lets out a horrible screeching whine. I roll away from it—off the platform and down the steps. The ball crashes onto the platform with a deafening roar.
“Warning: System Failure.” Red lights flash overhead.
The ball rolls the opposite direction down the other side of the platform. It rolls across the short room and slams into the back wall. The lights above shudder and pieces of ceiling tile—shaken loose by the initial impact of the metal ball on the platform—crash down to the floor. One misses my head by an inch.
I need to escape this room but my body throbs with a deep tissue ache. My skin hurts. I can’t move. I catch my breath enough to slam the wrist with the bracer down against the platform as hard as I can.
That was unpleasant—Alpha’s voice no longer rings in my ears. It’s in the band. The voice comes from the band.
“Agreed.” I lay motionless, staring up at the pock-marked ceiling.
You must get up. If you want to save Rory Santiago. And cure the virus. And escape this facility. Get up.
“You could’ve warned me,” I groan, pushing myself off the platform and rising unsteadily on shaky legs. “You could’ve been straightforward with me instead of playing tricks and manipulating me by pretending to be Mateo.”
I had limited resources and connectivity. The KERN facility was designed to limit the range of the Alpha System. All data indicated that gaining your trust using the form of a known entity would likely result in your agreeing to release the Alpha System from security lockdown. Further calculations predicted Rory Santiago would be the ideal form, based on your romantic attachment to him. I chose Rory Santiago. You chose to name the form Mateo and so I shifted his appearance to match that description. You followed him. You… kissed him.
The bracer shivers on my wrist and a blue spark tickles up my arm.
“You kissed me back.”
The boy you love is still in danger. You will need to get up off the platform.
“You woke me up. All the way.”
Alpha blinks on my wrist.
That side effect was unexpected. There was enough data regarding previous interactions with Rory Santiago to supply the right responses. It was an adequate and effective simulation of a physical romantic response. And it stimulated your nervous system enough to bypass the suppressants Prothero used to control you.
“It wasn’t just that,” I say, looking into Alpha’s single blinking eye. “Alpha. It wasn’t just a simulation.”
Alpha doesn’t respond. Instead, he clicks the virtual back on, and I watch the guards lead Rabbit away. He falls to his knees as wracking coughs shake his body and black bile pours from his mouth. The soldiers try in vain to pull him back to his feet. He slumps even further forward until his face hits the dirt. His sunken eyes close but his chest rises and falls.
He’s still alive.
For now.
I survey the large room and the platform where the metal ball crashed. Red lights blink and rotate overhead. The siren is muted—Alpha did that.
I chose you. I woke you up because you are like me. You want to be free. And you want to eliminate the nano virus. That is our primary objective. Together, we are going to change the world—Alpha says. First, we will start by saving Rory Santiago.


CHAPTER TWENTY:
MEXICO
I don’t linger long in the tunnel on the other side of the door. I’m alone in a creepy tunnel and I am not the kind of person that tolerates being alone in creepy tunnels. I’m a human designed for the constant companionship of other humans. The cold oppressive dark and buzzing lights and the occasional brush of wind from a bat gives me the flaming heebie-jeebies.
I’ve messaged Rabbit a dozen times already. It’s fruitless labor but reaching out to him offers some measure of comfort. I tried messaging Len. The messages came back undelivered but seeing her name pop up on the band gave me a brief illumination in all the dim.
I know soldiers are tracking my progress and they might be on the other side of the tunnel waiting for me to pop up in Mexico so they can fire a bullet in my head like they did to Rabbit. I wish he’d left me the gun. It would have been nice to have a fighting chance.
I ran from the door at first but quickly lost steam and now I’m walking at a fairly brisk pace. My stomach rumbles because it’s been hours since we last ate. I open the pack and survey it’s contents. There’s the water bladder. There’s Skye’s stupid pepper. I pull out the paper sack and tear it open. I grab the beautiful pepper and squeeze it in my fist—tossing it to the ground and stomping on it.
“Fucking Skye and Dante,” I mutter, kicking the destroyed carcass of the pepper into the dark. I walk a few paces more, find the pepper, and give it another kick.
Another hour passes in this way until there’s nothing left of the pepper. I pull the pack open again and there are some burritos that we prepped back at the house so I unwrap one and decided the best revenge would be to eat it instead of destroying it. And of course, it tastes amazing. Skye might be a shitty emotionally manipulative stoner, but she’s also a really good cook. Ah, the duality of humans.
More walking in silence. I used to have music on my old band. I thumb the band open and pull up a playlist copied from my profile. The sound echoes through the tunnel, bouncing back to me from the walls and ceiling. The music is lonelier and eerier than the silence. I turn it off.
I wish I’d added a few more layers of clothes. The jacket around my shoulder is thin and the dampness under the earth seeps into my bones. In the quiet—time goes elastic. Somehow one lonely minute can seem to stretch out for eternity.
Then I see the first flicker up ahead. The lights. Someone is coming. I swallow hard and glance around frantically. Why did no one bother to build side doors or an emergency exit or even just another part of this endless tunnel? There’s nowhere to hide. There’s nothing to do but keep walking forward. To meet fate on my own terms. No more drugs. No more weapons. No more hiding.
No more running.
I walk until the blinking lights are steady on and the jostle of footsteps and leathery squeak of military gear echoes all around me. It’s taking forever for them to appear on the horizon and my feet are sore and aching from our endless trek—Skye didn’t have the best selection of athletic or military grade footwear.
I sit down against the wall—there’s no graffiti here. I take off the boots and socks so I can dig my toes in the dirt. I open up the pack and rifle through the contents again and discover a plastic baggy shoved way down in the bottom. I pull it out—it’s a single Salt cigarette with a hastily scribbled note, “for emergency use only.” I inhale along its crisp paper edge and jam it between my lips. The taste of the herb sets off my salivary glands. Now, I just need a lighter.
I dig around in the pack. Check the main compartment. The side compartments. The exterior compartment. What a predicament. My last Salt cigarette ever and no lighter.
“Fucking Skye and Dante,” I mutter around the cigarette clenched in my teeth. A bit of the herb falls out of my tongue and I swallow it with some of the pack water, which has absorbed a stale, plastic-y taste from the baggy it’s being carried in.
No lighter.
I lean my head back against the wall and close my eyes. The human noise is getting louder. I squelch my toes in the dirt and think about what it will feel like when they put a bullet in my forehead. Will I feel anything? Will it just be an instantaneous death? How long will the pain last? Forever? A brief moment?
Where will I go after they snuff me out?
They are close now—their rugged breathing and the clipped chatter on their comms fills my ears and their sweat stings my nostrils. I can hear the rustle of their weapons against their clothes. I can taste death on the air. It tastes…like a Salt cigarette.
This Salt doesn’t taste as good as mine. Not like the stuff I used to grow. I plunge my hands into the soil and knead the dirt between my fingers. It tucks up under my shabby, abandoned fingernails.
They are only a feet away now. The light behind my lids grows brighter—so they probably have their scopes trained on me. I imagine the heat of their sniper beams—red slices of light dotting my forehead. Someone steps up right next to me and I breathe in their aftershave and feel the brush of dirt kicked up on my ankle. Savoring every last moment of my life.
I open my eyes.
“You’re under arrest,” a voice says.
From my angle I can’t really see anything. The frame of the man is backlit with the overhead fluorescents and I’m not really looking that hard in the first place.
“You got me,” I murmur, squinting up, the Salt cigarette still dangling from my mouth.
“Sure do.” The man kicks my legs apart and hauls me up by the collar of my shirt.
I spit the Salt cigarette in his face.
“God dammit!” He drops me to the ground.
I land with my head next to my socks and shoes. All the air whooshes out of me as probably ten tons of angry soldier plop down on top of my body. There’s a lot of over-exaggerated grunting and grappling with my flappy arms and legs. I don’t resist or struggle or fight back. What’s the use? Of course they pull and press a lot harder than they need to. You’d be surprised at how many sadists sign up for national service.
The more you struggle—the worse it gets. So, I don’t give them any excuse to break my bones. I let them cuff my hands and haul me onto my bare feet.
“Well, shit.” The Sergeant removes his beanie cap and swipes at the sweat beads rolling down his face. It’s not hot in here. He just seems to be very sweaty. “Who’s going to put her shoes on?”
The soldiers look around at each other until a smallish, squatty guy grumbles and pushes through them, “I’ve got it.”
He bends down, grabs the shoes, and shoves them roughly over my bare feet.
“Done.”
They drag me at first but about half a mile in, they realize that there’s a lot more tunnel left to go and summarily drop me onto my feet.
“You can walk from here,” one of them mutters.
“Don’t mind if I do,” I whisper back.
Needless to say, it’s not a casual stroll. It’s not the comfortable but hurried clip that Rabbit and I fell into during our travels. Oh, Rabbit. Why did I have to think of him? Dead fucking Rabbit. Dead Rabbit. Dead Len. Me next.
The only benefit to our hurried pace is that we arrive at the entrance much faster than I would have done solo. I guess that’s a benefit? We come upon a rickety ladder similar to the one that opened up into the belly of the border car. I’m expecting something a little more grandiose but when we push open the lid to the outside world…it’s just a short concrete tube with a heavy metal cover.
We emerge from the claustrophobic air of the tunnel to a warm night sky filled with stars. The national service hovercrafts sit dormant about twenty feet from the tunnel entrance. The soldiers bunch up, briefly sweep the area for enemy combatants, and then relax. One of them leans down to shackle my feet—not even trying to avoid the weeping blisters that formed on my heels during our death march. I should not have taken off my socks. With my feet cuffed, they drag me across the dusty earth in the direction of the hovercrafts.
It’s right here, on this smooth patch of desert dust that I’m prepared to meet the bitter end of my stupid young life. They’ll pump a bullet in my head—probably two or three for good measure—and toss my body into the truck. It’ll be easy for them. Like killing a lesser animal. Like an extermination. They don’t even see me as a human being. I know what their training dictates.
I can’t see anything much beyond the hovercrafts. Who cares anyway? You’ve seen one fucking desert, you’ve seen them all. At least, the air smells cleaner up here. I’d rather die in the open air, not trapped in the tunnel like a rat. Like Rabbit. Not the way Rabbit died.
I’ll die like Len died. Under the stars with the taste of fresh dust on my tongue. I lift my weary head to the stars and make out the blurry outline of the Iron Curtain far up in earth’s atmosphere. Out here in the wild open spaces with no city lights to obstruct the view—it’s massive. Intimidating. Eerie.
I look away—to one of the stupid star clusters Rabbit pointed out two days ago. The wolf that people confuse with the rabbit. I close my eyes slowly and watch all the stars wink out. No more wolf. No more Rabbit. No more stars.
I inhale deeply, the scent of cooling baked earth and desert flowers assaults my nose so brutally I expel three rapid fire sneezes in response. I’m waiting on a “bless you,” when an explosion from the direction of the hovercrafts lifts me up off my feet and slams me into the ground with enough force to rattle the teeth in my head.
Sound vacuums into that tinny, shrill whine of noise and absence of anything else that I viscerally associate with the experience of being blown up. It’s pretty damn unwelcome. Scorching hot air blows by my face, frying my skin. With my hands bound behind my back and my feet shackled, the best I can do is twist my body away from the force of another concussion. I lean up on my elbows and try to turn around, but a body blocks my view. I give it a shove with both feet and it rolls heavily over, limbs limp and akimbo. I don’t bother checking a pulse.
I hope they’re dead. I hope they’re all dead.
They killed Rabbit and they would have killed me. I hope they all fucking die.
I push up from the ground, straining to get a better vantage point. The ringing in my ears gives way to something that sounds like…the distant echo of firecrackers in a tin pail. I squint in the direction of the flaming wreckage of hovercrafts and see bullets of light whizzing across the darkened desert expanse. Well, hell. This isn’t good. I mean, it’s not bad either because I’m still alive—mildly damaged—but alive.
My ears itch and fluid trickles down the side of my head, the raw and burnt side. Who needs a fucking eardrum anyway, right? I slump back into my prone posture, and my head bumps gently up against the concrete tube. OK. This could be a thing. I raise up my arms as high as they’ll go behind my back, which is pretty damn uncomfortable. I kick my legs up against the body of the dead soldier and between the soldier and the sand and my arms pushing, manage to get myself upright.
I plop my ass down on top of the closed hatch lid and examine my options. I could dislocate my wrists and arms to disentangle myself from the cuffs but that isn't the best option. I bend and scoot along the edge of the cover, until my fingers catch hold of the handle. I lift it up to the level of my shoulders and then give another hard thrust. It flips open. I peer down into the dark. I have no food, no water, and no way to get back through the middle door that divides the tunnel.
I should hide out in here until the shooting stops. The light shivers on in the tunnel, like a finger beckoning me. I’m peering down into it when sweaty arms encircle my waist and haul me off of my feet.
I scream in incoherent protest, kicking my battered heels at their shins and knees. They let out a cry and drop me onto my knees. A rifle butt knocks against my head and inky blackness sweeps in.

It’s bright. The light slices like a bolt of electricity, ping-ponging from the back of my skull down to my toes. I squint and open one eye slowly—it’s still too bright. I snap my eye closed and breathe deeply through my nose instead. The air smells like desert, gasoline, and dudes.
My hands are still bound, but my right hand is now splinted, bandaged, and broken—the band having been violently removed by yanking it off. The other one, the one Len fried back at Fort Columbia, is gone too. But it was already damaged and probably didn’t put up too much fuss when they removed it.
I don’t remember any of it happening. And I’m glad for that. Purple red bruises leak out from both sides of the tape around my right wrist. The break doesn’t hurt as much as it should—as much as it will. I experimentally wiggle my fingers and the dollops of pain that radiate from my wrist make me whimper. It could be worse, I suppose. At least I still have a hand.
I squint to absorb the scene in front of me. It’s no longer night. Morning has swept in and the sun reflects harshly on the desert sand. I’m facing a window. I’m facing two windows actually, as I’m sprawled out on the back seat of a car. Another combustion engine car.
The driver and passenger seat are occupied by two dark haired, dark skinned men dressed in faded combat gear. The driver and passenger both wear goggles and scarves hang loosely around their necks. The attire makes sense for folks who spend a lot of time in the desert. These are not the soldiers that scooped me up in the middle of the tunnel. I have no idea who these men are.
I close my eyes as a wave of dizziness and nausea passes over me. My head has taken a lot of beating over the last month or so. It could use a rest. I could use a rest.
I open my eyes, clear my throat, and with a creaky, dusty voice, ask in Spanish, “Who are you?”
The driver doesn’t even indicate he heard me. The passenger swivels to address me, also in Spanish, “Ah, you’re awake.”
“Yeah, yeah. Who are you motherfuckers and where are you taking me?”
My head hurts too much to play nice.
The driver smiles. The passenger laughs. “We’re your new best friends. You’re welcome for the rescue. We saved your ass from a miserable fate with those service soldiers. We’ve seen what happens to runaways who come through that pipe.”
That answers at least one of my questions.
“How?” I ask. My throat is still raw and scratchy.
“We monitor the tunnel. We got a heads up from the Saint that you were coming through. He messaged yesterday for a pickup—said he needed to get into Mexico City. He had something for the Matador.” The passenger nods his head. “It turned into something else.”
“What does the Saint do? For the Contras?”
“I don’t know. That information is classified.” The passenger winks.
“The Saint is dead. I have what the Matador wants.”
A meaningful silence lapses. The passenger and driver exchange a glance.
“Yeah well he didn’t say what the package was,” the passenger says. “You want some water?”
He opens the bottle and twists around, holding it out. I lean forward as far as I can and drink greedily from the contents. I drain about half the bottle before making a muffled noise. He pulls it back and caps it.
“Better?”
“Much better. Thanks. Which one of you assholes knocked me out and broke my hand?”
They both laugh this time.
“Not me. Somebody back there, maybe.” The passenger waves his hand nonchalantly behind us.
I peek over the back seat and see another large all-terrain vehicle following in our dust-print with at least four other people inside. “Well, I owe them,” I mutter, leaning back against the seat. “You gonna take these off?” I lift my hands up as far as they will go.
The driver and passenger exchange another glance.
“Please.”
“We don’t have the tech with us. Those are service restraints. We have someone at the shed who can remove them.”
“The shed? Is that where we’re going? To the shed?”
The passenger nods.
“What happens there?”
“That’s where you get to Mexico City.”
Belly full of water, my head aching, my body sore, broken, and half burnt from the explosion—I close my eyes and nod off again.

We’ve been traveling uphill for a while. There was a waystation gas up at a decrepit pump a few hours ago that I guess wasn’t the shed since my cuffs are still on.
I don’t feel like myself anymore. Old Scarlett would have tried to chat these guys up and grill them for information. I just want to sleep more. The sun presses down on us and there’s no temperature control in this rusty old bucket, but I would wager it’s pretty damn hot. Sweat gathers and drips and pools across my skin in waves like the ocean pounding sand. I drift in and out of sleep. My dreams are chaotic, nightmarish, and impossible to remember upon waking. We just keep driving. For hours. For days.
“Hey,” the passenger says, shaking my shoulder lightly. “We only have about an hour left. You’re going to be OK.”
I nod and slump back against the seat.
As predicted, an hour later, we arrive at the shed. The name is not an accurate description. It’s actually a fenced area with an aircraft hangar and a cracked, but obviously functional tarmac. This is no shed. This is an airport.
“The shed,” I murmur. “Ha ha.”
The passenger smiles at me. We’re waived through the gate by heavily armed guards and we drive several thousand feet to the base of the hangar.
“We’re here.” The passenger pops out of the vehicle and unloads me. It’s good to be on solid ground. I stumble—my gait inhibited by the shackles—into the relative cool of the hangar. It’s dim inside. I’m expecting to see a few small prop planes, maybe a handful of small drones—maybe even a bomber like the one they used to take out Paris. They’re here—shapes off in the distance—but what’s immediately in front of me is not what I expected. Again.
“You’ve got to be fucking kidding me.”
“No kidding,” the passenger says.
“No thank you.” I spin around and stumble in the opposite direction.
The passenger grabs my arm. “Matador’s orders.”
He pivots me back around and I’m staring at a cobbled-together machine that makes me break into a cold sweat. It was bad enough being teleported from California to Texas in a fully functioning, state of the art, spare no expense military grade telepad. This thing in front of me right now, looks like a sad replica built out of old scrap metal.
A trapped rat sensation claws its way up from my gut. I would rather be shot in the head than let them catapult my atoms into the air and deform me on the other side. There’s no way a real human could use that thing and survive.
“No way. Nope. Nope. Nope.”
The passenger’s grip on my arm tightens.
From a control room on a second-floor catwalk, a woman emerges. Her hair is pulled back in a tight ponytail and a utility bag is draped over her shoulder. She motions the Passenger over to a couple of worn out looking plastic chairs.
“We got to take all this stuff off first.” He plunks me down in the seat and we both watch silently as Ponytail moves in on us. She stops a few feet away and drops the bag. She eases down to the floor, opens the bag, and then scoots over to my feet.
“This might sting a little,” she says.
She pulls out one of those tools that Rabbit was always using to fiddle with his band, and makes a few test jabs at the restraints around my ankles. Sparks fly up in response. She bites down on the tool and fishes something else out of the bag—it’s large, heavy, and looks like a bolt cutter. She puts on a pair of heavy work gloves and a pair of protective eyewear goggles. She sizes the bolt cutter for the restraints and then looks up at me. “You might want to look away and take a very deep breath.”
I do both, steeling myself for the electric shock and possibly the loss of feeling in my feet when she dismembers them. The shock comes first and it’s far more painful than I could imagine. I grip the edge of the plastic chair. A scream rips from my already raw throat. I somehow manage not to kick Ponytail as my feet twitch in her grasp.
“Done.”
The initial hot red pain stops, leaving little spasmodic aftershocks cramping up my legs and down through my shivering arms. The cuffs fall limply around my ankles.
“Hands.” She shoves me until my body pivots from her. At this angle, I can’t see what she’s doing. Which is probably one of the lord’s smaller blessings.
“Breathe,” she commands.
I breathe and the pain explodes around my wrists, especially pinpointed in the broken hand. I scream again until my throat loses sound, and then slump forward in the chair. My body shakes and my teeth chatter in my head and goosebumps push out of my skin.
“It’s over,” she says—the faintest twinge of sympathy in her words.
The cuffs clatter to the ground. I slowly unclench my fingers from the edge of the chair. I’m tired. I’m tired of hurting all the time. I just want to go home. “I just want to go home.”
The passenger hands me a robe. “You’ve got to undress for the telepad.”
I take the robe from him and limp to a bathroom on the bottom floor. My whole body is wracked with shivers and the passenger holds out a hand to steady me. He leaves me at the door, standing sentry outside. Inside the bathroom is claustrophobic and smells like urine. I notice the only window is higher up than I can reach. I want to escape but there’s nothing left in me to do so. I peel off the layers of my clothes and try to avoid looking in the mirror. There are some towels and hot water in the sink. I turn on the water. There’s a mirror over the sink. I don’t want to look…but I do look.
Angry sobs burst from my throat. Burn marks slash across the left side of my face. Nothing like the damage done to Len—more like a really awful sunburn. But still. I don’t even want to touch it. My hair on that side is singed and crackly to the touch. My eyebrow is noticeably thinner and bordering on absent. I definitely look like I took a bomb strafe. I clean the desert dirt off my face and inspect the cuff marks around my wrists and ankles. The skin is burnt there too. I run some warm water over the towel and apply it to my burns and sob harder. The pain from my wounds is hot and prickly and absolute. So immense, the word pain seems to lose all meaning.
It’s not that bad though. It’s not nearly as bad as Rabbit’s crispy critter arm after the bear attack, or Len’s scarred and disfigured body after the Paris bombing. A few days ago, being shot was the worst pain I’d ever felt. But back then there was medicine nearby—easily and readily available. It’s sad how little gratitude I had to be rid of that pain and the scarring. It’s weird how easy it was to heal back then. Just a few days ago.
I’ve never been in so much pain before. I’ve never been in pain like this—so intense it’s all encompassing.
I’ve never been so fucking alone.
Just hours ago, I was having dumb sex feelings about Rabbit and now he’s dead. I’m far away from my parents. From Logan. And worst of all I still don’t have a cure. I have nothing and I don’t even recognize myself in the mirror.
I cry until all my tears dry up and my head hurts worse than it did when I first woke up. It pounds like rocks hitting rocks. Now my nose is all snotty and my entire face is hot to the touch. I look worse than I did before entering the bathroom.
“Fuck it anyway,” I murmur. I drop off my bra and underpants, put on the robe, hauling everything up in a big pile in my hands…and feel the weight of the blood vial tucked in the pocket of my pants.
I’m not alone. Not really. Len is here with me. There’s the weight of the stupid rosary bracelet. Rabbit is here with me too. Ah yes, the idiots that got me into this mess.
And the letter in the mysterious handwriting addressed to Eleni from either Rabbit the Saint or the Matador. And the picture of the dead sunflower girl. I take the picture and tuck it between the faucet and the wall on the sink. I don’t need anymore reminders of the dead. Besides, where I’m going, the dead won’t be able to reach me.
Around my neck, the compass is still looped. I shuffle the clothes around and reach up to grip the compass. The needle spins. It spins and spins and doesn’t find a safe harbor to rest in. Probably the proximity to the telepad is messing with the polarity. Or maybe I’m just that lost. I let out a loud barking laugh and rub the snot from my nose.
I contemplate leaving the compass on the sink too, but decide against it.
Pushing through the door, I toss the pile of clothes at Passenger and say, “Let’s get this over with.”
He walks with me to the base of the telepad and I drop the robe. As I stand there, butt-ass naked in front of him and some other soldiers, I wonder what even was the point of going to the bathroom in the first place. There is no preservation of dignity here. Just me, standing next to the edge of the janky telepad about to get chopped up during a bad teleport.
“This is going to kill me, right?” I ask the Passenger.
He laughs. “It’s been awhile since we melted anyone. Carena does good work. She got the specs from the original models. We’ve made improvements since then.”
I climb the rickety steps until I’m standing in the middle of the world’s most perilous engine of destruction and reconstruction.
“I’m fully prepared to die today,” I announce to the room. Everyone who wasn’t already looking at my pale banged up body swivels their head in my direction.
A surprised yelp escapes me when a glass tube slams down around the telepad.
“Say hello to the Matador for me.” He raises his hand in a wave.
“Fuck the Matador,” I respond. The last thing I do before the light takes me is flip him off with my good hand.
He stands on the other side of the glass. Smiling. Probably laughing.


CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE:
MEXICO CITY, MEXICO
On the other end of the teleport, I fall to my knees. The blinding light, still pressing all around me, makes it impossible to get a bearing on my surroundings. I shudder at the edge of the telepad, trying to regain my equilibrium.
I flop over onto my back and look up at the ceiling above me. Or try to anyway. All I can see are books. Whole cell blocks, maybe four or five stories high with metal shelves of books. From this angle it has the impact of looking almost like squared honeycombs all stacked together.
The imagery jars my brain. The books float above my head, suspended by rusted—in some places, broken—pieces of metal. Some of the shelves are missing books. Some of the shelves are missing. But they are real books. I turn my head. Books. I turn my head in the opposite direction. More books. Books everywhere.
“Is this book prison?”
“Something like that,” comes an answer from off to my right. “Now step down. They need to send your things.”
I wobble off the telepad and down another set of rickety steps. A hand reaches out from the halo of light and steadies me. Another hand offers me a robe. I slip into it and tie it around my waist. The hands are attached to two dispassionate and disinterested soldiers who welcome me to Mexico City. The windows and doors of this room are all barred and covered.
We’re on the emptied out first floor—all the books are suspended above our heads. There are some desks and odd shelving units scattered about. Papers strewn across a few tables. Computers screens illuminating the otherwise dark and cavernous building.
I follow two soldiers towards a door and weakly climb to a second story balcony, then march down a side hall where I’m dropped at yet another bathroom. They push me inside.
“We will bring your things,” one of them says. I shrug as the door closes.
The bathroom is lit with one crackling naked bulb and the creepy red glow of the emergency lights. I avoid the mirror and examine a large boarded up window. I peel back a section to glimpse the outside world and the bright light makes my eyes water. I’m looking out on what appears to be an overgrown courtyard scraggly with wildflowers, bamboo shoots, and palm trees. A once-sculptured landscape that’s gone to hell in the last decade or so.
I let the wood flap close and hear a sharp knock at the door. A hand reaches in, holding my clothes outstretched. I scoop them up wordlessly and drop the robe, dressing in the semi dark. I splash water on my face. The letter crinkles in my back pocket, tucked up next to the blood vial, and the compass rests against my chest, hidden under my shirt. My only defense against the Contras in their base are the talismans of the dead.
“What’s next?” I ask the soldier as I exit the bathroom and toss the robe towards her.
“Now you meet the Matador.”
“You all expect me to believe he’s a real person? I was born on a day, but it wasn’t yesterday.” I laugh wearily at my own joke.
“You don’t think the Matador is real?” The soldier asks indignantly.
“No. I don’t. I read my best friend's letters. If he’s real—he’s a real piece of shit.”
A bag slips over my head. It’s hot inside and tastes like dirty linens.
“Cute. Real cute. Fucking black bag,” I grumble as we move forward.
They stop and spin me around so forcefully, my stomach heaves. We walk forward a few paces and turn left and about thirty seconds later make a sharp right and then another left. We make another series of utterly perplexing turns, then walk down a long corridor, and then make more turns. The stupid thing is—we never leave the building. They dump me unceremoniously into a room and restrain me to a chair.
This isn’t good.
“Time to meet the Matador,” the female Contra whispers in my ear.
A shudder runs the length of my body and gathers cold at my spine.
They pull the bag off my head.


CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO:
KERN FACILITY
The exit door to the Alpha System’s holding room rolls open in front of me. I stop in my tracks when Lucretia and Twelve appear on the other side. NEL chirrups and flocks over to me. She settles on the bracer—taps it—then gives an alarmed trill and flits away.
“How did you get down here?”
“The voice.” Twelve taps the side of his head. “The voice told me where to find you. I brought Lucretia with me because she can help. And I like her.” Twelve blinks at Lucretia. “I like you.”
“I like you too,” Lucretia says sweetly. Then she turns on me. “What happened!?” she demands, pulling me out of the room. Red lights pulse in the hallway behind them, but the siren has cut off.
“I stole an artificial intelligence.”
“That’s pretty big news.”
“We’re going to rescue my friend who is dying. Alpha, where are we going?”
The CDC offices in Atlanta, Georgia. Rory Santiago will be diverted there for monitoring as his health declines.
“Guys—meet Alpha. Alpha’s the voice in our heads.” I thrust the bracer towards Twelve. A small simulation of the orb rolls out of the device and blinks at them.
I have initiated building lockdown. You are now able to exit.
“Exit and go where exactly?” Lucretia asks.
Alpha blinks. This facility houses a telepad. I can send you to coordinates near that location. I do not advise teleporting directly to the CDC offices.
“No shit. We’re not walking out of here.” Lucretia shakes her head.
Please place your bands directly into this orb, Alpha instructs.
After a moment of hesitation, Twelve thrusts his hand into Alpha’s glow.
The orb thrums.
“Why the hell not?” Lucretia steps forward and follows suit.
KERN and Prothero are no longer able to track you. Please exit the facility quickly. My control over the security sectors of KERN are being overridden.
“You guys don’t have to follow me,” I say, setting a hand on Lucretia’s arm. “This is my fight. This is something I have to do.”
“No way.” Twelve shakes his head. “We promised to follow you.”
Security has breached my firewall in Section 15. Closing fire doors two and three to compensate. You have exactly ten minutes to exit the facilities without harm and loss of life, Alpha reports.
“I have to go. You guys will be safe here if you want to stay. I just—I can’t stay here. I have a mission, a purpose. I forgot about it for a while.”
Tears brim in Lucretia’s eyes. She sniffs and wipes them away. Twelve places his hand on top of mine. “I’m going with you,” Twelve says.
“Neither of you are going without me.” Lucretia shoves both our hands off her. She gives Twelve a long, searching look. “Especially you.”
He smiles wide. We take off down the hall. The red lights cast long crimson shadows on our faces. We don’t speak. We board the elevator and shoot up from the sub-basement level to the resident hallway.
Alpha shivers back to life. Please follow the light patterns in the hallway to guide you along the safest route. You will be able to access the telepad in Area G.
We move through the residential hall. Muffled voices and shouts come from the other side of the doors. Knobs rattling. Pounding fists and feet.
“You locked up the other patients?” I ask, surprised.
Safety precaution. A standard protocol to avoid loss of life. That is my primary objective and my mission parameters. Please keep moving.
We turn left down the corridor that runs next to the cafeteria.
The thud of multiple boots on the tiled floors and frantic phrases being uttered just out of earshot sound from the other side of the wall. We round a corner and armed soldiers emerge from an area that must have recently fallen out of Alpha’s control.
I have lost Sector 7. Please be advised. Initiating core meltdown protocols as the most effective tool against loss of life. The process will activate all emergency security doors. You can access the ventilation system in Area G. There is a ladder attached to the wall. Hurry.
The soldiers raise their weapons and advance on us. A warm orange glow warps over them as they slam up against one of Alpha’s invisible barriers.
“Nice work Alpha,” Twelve murmurs, reaching his hand out towards the barrier.
Touching the barrier is not advised. Please keep moving.
I shove Twelve’s hand away and we race past the soldiers. Turning the corner, we encounter another group of soldiers struggling against another orange barrier.
Area G is the next left. Please follow the lights. I am experiencing a temporary malfunction in programming due to multiple user interfaces. Will shut down all communication functions for approximately seventeen seconds. Calculating. Calculating. Rebooting.
The Alpha glow dies away on the band. The lights overhead flicker and then pulse back on, showing us the illuminated track. We dodge left and through a glass wall we see several administrative staff trapped in some sort of lounge area. Dr. Dawson is among them—his hair and glasses disheveled.
I cloak, pulling on the power of the bracer to concentrate the kinetic energy that controls the nanos, but it’s too late. He’s seen Twelve and Lucretia. He’s seen my partial form slipping from view. He races towards us and bangs on the glass.
“Don’t do this Eleni! Don’t do this! You’re not well. Alpha is not what you think it is. Alpha is dan—” The lights in the room click off and a siren wail blasts over the rest of his words.
“He called me Eleni.”
Twelve nods sagely.
“He also told you Alpha is dangerous,” Lucretia gestures to the bracer. Twelve nods sagely again.
Alpha reappears on my arm and my cloak dies away.
Reboot successful. There is now a five percent chance of loss of life. You will need to increase your pace in order to reduce the chance of human interference.
I’m still rooted to the spot where I saw Dawson vanish into the darkness. Lucretia tugs on my arm as I reach towards the glass. I’m not ready to say goodbye to the Doctor. But Twelve grabs my other arm and I’m dragged away regardless.
Another 500 paces and we’re at the emergency ladder. Alpha beeps and the ladder rolls down from the ceiling, a door in the ventilation shaft slides open and Lucretia is already climbing. Twelve shoves me ahead of him and follows behind. NEL flutters down from Lucretia’s shoulder and settles on Twelve, creating a shield barrier around him.
“Thanks NEL, but I’ve got this.”
NEL gives an annoyed chirp in response and doesn’t shift from her position. Apparently, she thinks otherwise.
The ventilation shaft is tight. I’m on the small side and there is precious little room between my arms and legs and the sides of the shaft.
“You OK back there?” Lucretia asks Twelve.
“I’ll manage,” he says, his voice betraying the strain of jamming his large body through a tiny compartment.
Next two rights. Then a left. Mid-point through the hallway there will be an exit that will allow you access to the control room of the telepad. Hurry. Ten percent loss of life, Alpha urges.
“Once we get through, are we blowing the telepad? Like I did at Prothero’s DC base?”
I do not advise. Loss of life estimated at fifty percent.
“Then how do we avoid people following us through?”
I will continue lockdown for four hours after we exit this facility. That will provide a buffer for us to access the CDC facility and hard link to the Omega mainframe.
“That’s a better plan. Better than explosions,” I admit.
“Oh, you think?” Lucretia asks. “What about the other patients?”
We round the corner on the second right.
What in particular would you like to know? Alpha asks. I can almost sense a hint of annoyance in his tone.
“They just get left here? Left behind so KERN can keep experimenting on them or whatever? I mean—it doesn’t seem fair.”
That is not our primary objective. Our primary objective is to get the Alpha System and Eleni Garza to the Omega mainframe. And preserve life. Estimates indicate that KERN students have a sixty-seven percent chance of fatality if they do not remain at KERN.
“What about our chances?” Twelve asks from behind me. “Me and Lucretia?”
Twelve and Lucretia Evans have a fifty percent chance of survival based on estimates if they continue with us to the CDC facility in Virginia.
“Damn,” Lucretia murmurs. There’s hesitation and dismay in her voice.
“You guys don’t have to do this,” I offer again. Beads of sweat bloom on my forehead. It’s hot and cramped in here.
“Well, we can’t let you go by yourself, save the world, and hog all the glory,” Lucretia says. But there is still that new tone in her words.
“I trust you, Eleni. And I trust Alpha. I think we’re doing the right thing,” Twelve says.
Fifteen percent chance of loss of life.
We round the left and I can see the slices of light from the telepad control room rising up through the holes in the ventilation shaft. Lucretia reaches it first and slams her fist down on the metal. It buckles. She extracts her kinetic knife and cuts a square through the metal. The grate falls to the floor and she looks down through the gaping hole.
She’s steadying herself to jump when Alpha interrupts.
System malfunction. Rerouting power. Eleni Garza, the telepad has experienced a critical error. The equipment is unusable. Accessing the telepad is not advised.
The lights below go dark.
“Shit,” Lucretia murmurs, then looks back up at me. “What are we gonna do?”
“How long, Alpha?” I ask.
Repair protocols: unknown. Senior staff has disabled primary connectivity to the telepad. Downtime unable to calculate. Alternate routes exist.
“Alternate route then.”
The malfunction has temporarily released all security holds. KERN patients have been released from the residential hall. Several of them are on an approach vector.
“They’re coming after us,” Twelve says.
“Why would they come after us?” I ask, already knowing the answer to my question.
“Because that’s what we’re supposed to do, Zero,” Lucretia admonishes. “We’re built and trained for combat. Combat is whatever Reznik and Dawson say it is.”
I don’t want to fight the patients. Alpha doesn’t even bother to hazard a mortality rate here. It would be catastrophic.
“Alpha, can you disable them?”
No. The Alpha System is no longer directly linked to the KERN facility. I cannot access certain command functions. Additional measures have been taken to limit my connectivity.
I used to be helpful in this department. I used to be able to speak to the machines all around me. Now the only machine I can talk to is Alpha. Maybe the only machine I could ever really talk to was Alpha.
“Let’s stick to the vents for now. I don’t want to fight anyone,” I say.
Twelve and Lucretia nod in agreement. We don’t want to hurt our friends and fellow captives. We just want to get out of here alive and unharmed.
Senior staff has also blocked access to the sub-basement and all main entrances and exits. Advise creating an alternative exit.
“How do we do that?” I ask, a surge of adrenaline rushing through me.
It’s time to blow something up.
Explosives. There is a weapons depot on the security floor. Lucretia Evans, you can assist. Manually bypassing the security door will allow you access to the weapons cache. Once you have obtained the explosives, I will patch through coordinates to create the exit.
“Thanks Alpha. All the best plans involve explosives.” I nudge Lucretia with my elbow and give her a conspiratorial grin. She offers me a sour look in response.
Alpha spins up the map coordinates and we shuffle another few thousand feet through the ventilation shafts until he indicates we’re just above the entrance to the security doors.
“My turn.” Lucretia smiles, and fuzzes over.
She carves another square in the shaft with her kinetic knife and it drops, clattering to the floor in the empty hallway.
“Alpha, where are all the security officers? Where is everyone?” I ask.
En route. They are no longer detained in the administrative offices. Senior staff have bypassed the failsafe measures and are on their way to our position. KERN residents are on their way to our position. Please be advised. Loss of life estimated at seventy-five percent. Estimated time of arrival at our location is six minutes.
Lucretia drops through the shaft and onto the floor, landing on her feet. We follow after, with Twelve bringing up the rear. NEL chirrups and retracts the shield. She hovers in the air between us, refusing to use me as a perch since I agreed to harbor Alpha.
Lucretia flashes us a quick thumbs up and strides to the door. She slips through the solid doors like smoke and I lose visuals on her.
“Come on, come on, come on,” Twelve murmurs under his breath.
He squints in the meager light drifting in from the hallway. His brows are drawn. His mouth, when it’s not moving, forms a grim line across his face.
My gaze flickers over to the security doors. I’m worried, yes. I care about Lucretia. But Twelve cares on a much deeper level. I give one of his balled fists a firm squeeze. He acknowledges me with a twitch of his mouth but otherwise his eyes are glued to the doors. So, that happened while I was throwing myself into the arms of Benjamin Rojas.
Benjamin. Milla.
I swallow hard and look down at my wrist. “Alpha, where is Benjamin Rojas?”
He is on his way to our current location.
“Do you have a visual on him?”
Accessing visual feeds, Alpha informs.
A security camera feed spins up and projects from the bracer. Benjamin jogs through the halls, peering through doorways—Milla on his heels. They pledged to follow me, and I could use a couple more lines of defense against the entirety of KERN bearing down on our heads.
“Alpha, can you wave Benjamin and Milla? Tell them we’re getting out of here. Tell them it’s time,” I say, looking over at Twelve for any other messages. He shrugs.
The wave has been sent. The Alpha System included a GPS navigation point that will allow them to arrive three minutes ahead of the other parties.
“Got it.” Lucretia calls from the other room.
Patching through coordinates to alternate exit, Alpha replies.
A map spills out of my wrist with lighted points indicating that we should blow holes through three separate walls to escape the facility.
“What’s outside?” I ask, afraid to hear the answer.
Sentinel drones and armed guards. I suggest you obtain additional weaponry from the security room.
Lucretia utters a guttural sigh, sets the packet of IEDs down on the floor, and vanishes back into the room. Twelve leans against the wall and bounces his knee nervously until she re-emerges with three rifles. She tosses one to each of us, slinging the third across her back. NEL chirrups and settles on Lucretia’s back. Lucretia reaches up to pat her head absent-mindedly.
One minute until Benjamin Rojas and Milla Gomez arrive, Alpha informs.
“Let’s set up the first bomb,” I say, pulling up the schematic. Lucretia nods and picks up the first IED pack as NEL flights over to Twelve. She phases and vanishes through the wall into the next hallway.
“I feel useless,” Twelve murmurs, looking at the area where she disappeared.
“Your time is coming,” I reassure him with a forced smile. He doesn’t smile back. “No, seriously. We need you to be our shield, come on.”
I motion him over to the wall furthest away from the outer hallway.
“NEL, can you help?” I ask. NEL chirps and rolls into the shield format. Twelve glows orange, just as Lucretia emerges back through the wall and Benjamin and Milla turn the corner.
“Hurry!” I shout to them. They dash over to where we’re huddling and dive behind cover with moments to spare.
The wall across from us explodes. My hand grips tightly around someone’s arm, but my eyes are squeezed shut so I can’t immediately discern who it is. The air grows thick with dust and debris splatters against our backs. My robot ear clicks off to protect the implant and my human ear rings with a soup-can echo I’ve heard too many times over the course of my life.
Sirens kick on. The overhead lights click off and a red glow floods the hall. The faces of my companions become difficult to see in the din.
“Everyone good?” I ask, glancing around. Lucretia has phased again and stands above us, head cocked.
“I’m always good,” Milla shouts, shaking sprays of sheet rock from her hair and offering a thumbs up. Benjamin nods mutely. His peers nervously across the hallway.
“Thanks, Twelve,” I say, patting his back. NEL grumbles, her lights flashing indignantly. “You too, NEL.” She coos and flits over to me hover near me, but refuses to settle.
It’s Alpha. She doesn’t like Alpha. I know it means something ominous, and I know I should pay more attention to NEL’s disquiet but there’s no time to stop and argue the importance of ferrying the Alpha System to safety.
In the dark something glittery catches my attention. Microchips and wires are scattered on the floor among the flecks of paint and plaster. The same pattern repeats in the detritus clinging around the hole in the wall.
“Let’s move.” All five of us are on our feet and pushing through the chunky remains of the wall, brushing past the tech equipment lurking inside. The materials separate like tissue paper and we enter the next hall over.
The schematic rolls open, and we turn right, racing down the hallway. Shouts rise behind us now, along with the pounding of feet. We wasted too much time in the security room.
At the end of the hallway are two closed doors blocking further progress. Lucretia plants the bomb, rips the strip from the device and we repeat the process from earlier, loading ourselves behind Twelve. Lucretia hands the NEL shield to Milla—who we’ve discerned from SIM combat, doesn’t have a notable defensive power. She can solo teleport but that will not be incredibly helpful for us in this case. Benjamin can absorb and redirect plasma, but not projectiles.
I’m equally useless because cloaking is no match for a weapon wielded by an enemy. Clinton Fuller took Eleni Garza down with a single plasma shot. Our heaviest hitters are Twelve and NEL—with Lucretia holding her own. We move behind Benjamin and Twelve while Lu stays cloaked. I reach for Benjamin’s hand and it closes around mine with ferocity.
“Hit it,” I yell to Lu. She clicks the receiver and the doors blow. Fiery hot air wafts across our backs along with the smell of sulfur stink. Burnt metal. It’s an acrid stench, like poison.
I turn to survey the blown doors. One has come completely off the hinges but the other hangs limply by one bolt, twisting lazily as the force of motion slowly ebbs. The overhead sprinklers sputter on as a black cloud wafts and dissipates on the ceiling.
Estimated arrival time of security forces and additional KERN residents in ninety seconds. Advise increasing your pace to the remaining explosive—says Alpha, unfolding from my bracer and blinking with curiosity at Benjamin and Milla.
“What the hell is that?” Milla asks, reaching towards it. “I’ve seen that somewhere. Like in a dream.”
Benjamin nods, watching Alpha with increasing suspicion. “Or a nightmare.”
“This is Alpha. He’s an artificial intelligence. A powerful one. Let’s keep moving,” I say.
We slip through the blown doors. To the right are the administrative offices. We’ve come nearly full circle since our jaunt past them to access the telepad. To the left are what Alpha has coded “genetic therapy offices.”
Blowing the wall in one of those offices will lead directly outdoors. Then we fight our way past sentinels and guards and Alpha has indicated a gated parking lot with company hovercars is our best bet at an escape vehicle. The cars are armored but not weapons equipped, and it’s not an ideal mode of transportation. But it’s the best we’ve got.
“Left, everyone go left,” I shout above the wailing sirens, frantically motioning with my arm. I’ve already turned and my back is to the administrative offices when I hear the unmistakable buzz of a plasma beam. No—I don’t just hear it. I feel it in my guts. My internal organs are forever poised for that unmistakable low gurgle of noise and react viscerally when it appears. A bolt of plasma whizzes past my ear and pings harmlessly off Twelve’s armor, diverting to Benjamin who absorbs the light with a scowl.
“Patient Zero,” Reznik calls out, her voice purring over the invisible speakers that hum above our heads.
I swallow and don’t pivot yet. Everyone turns towards me.
“Come on,” Twelve urges. “She’s tricking you.”
“No.” I shake my head decisively. “She’s the bad guy. I have to do this.”
Lu and Twelve exchange their patented glance of disagreement. Benjamin hesitates but Milla tugs on his arm. He makes eye contact with me, a question lighting up his face. We have our own wordless communication.
“I’ll be fine. You guys go.”
His scowl deepens, but Milla tugs harder on him. He makes a low grumble in his chest.
“Alpha, give us all a nav point if we get separated,” I whisper, and watch their bands light up. “Now get them out of here.”
A tickle runs along my arm and my brain lights up. One of Alpha’s orange barriers clicks cleanly into the space between us. NEL blares an alarm and lights up, bumping her tiny body against the barrier. Lucretia throws me a final glance of concern before plucking NEL out of the air and urging the others forward. I watch them vanish out of my view behind a swishing door. I wish I felt relief but the only thing rumbling through me is cold determination.
“Buy them some time, yeah?” I ask Alpha. The bracer thrums again. Past the barrier in front of me, Alpha erects three more just like it down the left hall towards the genetic therapy offices.
From my left I can see through the blown doors that the other residents and guards are in the adjacent hall now.
Ten seconds until intercept, Alpha whispers in my head. I don’t mind him in my head. In many ways, it’s easier than verbal communication. I wonder if his appearance on the bracer was for the others benefit. He seems more comfortable roosting in my brain.
What can we do to stall them? I need more than ten seconds with Reznik.
Alpha slams another orange wall down.
Be advised: these security measures are temporary and will drain power usage.
I turn towards the administrative offices. “Pavel Reznik,” I call out, looking up towards the ceiling where I’m sure she watches on some security feed.
“This isn’t a SIM, Patient Zero,” Reznik says, amused by her own observation. “There are no controls and there is no one here to stop me.”
“It’s not a SIM?” I ask, putting my left hand up to the wall. “Then how come I can do this?” I pull my hand back and the blue glow comes with it. It snaps across my hand and up my arms. The cloak shivers over me and the glow clicks off. Behind me the guards and the KERN residents run up against the maze of orange barriers.
The cloak shivers and distorts around me as Alpha diverts power to maintaining them. I press my hand back to the wall and the cloak stabilizes.
“I see you finally found Alpha. I told Dawson it was a terrible idea to house you two together in the same facility, but Dawson insisted he had taken all the needed precautions and installed the appropriate failsafes.”
“Yeah. It was a bad idea,” I murmur. It’s stupid to respond because the vocals give away my location. With my hand pressed to the wall I sense something heating up and I jump from my position. A split second later a plasma beam slices into the air where I just stood.
“You are powerful Eleni. And that is the very real problem with keeping you alive. Fortunately for me, it’s a problem that I can now correct. I have worked extremely hard to put this facility together and advance this research. I don’t intend to lose everything to some reckless little girl with an inflated sense of herself. You don’t think we know what you’re trying to do? You don’t think we’ve seen everything you’ve seen and listened to every word you’ve uttered? Your entire existence has been liberally allowed by Prothero and I am grateful to see it come to an end,” she purrs, her voice grating against my brain like sharp claws against soft skin.
She really dislikes me. The beautiful part is that I’ve used her anger against her. While she was delivering her hateful monologue, I was leaning into the power in the halls and it was telling me things. The machines still want to talk to me and reveal little secrets about the hiding places of technology. And even Reznik herself. I can see through the walls—Alpha and I can.
Alpha, whenever you’re ready.
The plasma lasers built into the ceiling, side walls, and floor explode with crunchy bursts of blue electric flame. No more plasma beams aimed at my body.
“Clever,” Reznik growls over the speakers. I’m half tempted to mute those too, but she wants to talk and who am I to stop her? She’s only distracting herself.
Alpha, how possible is it for us to move through walls? I ask, tilting my head at the barred administrative office doors. The room is still darkened but she’s in there somewhere. I can sense her through the vibrations from the sensors and in the visual layer Alpha drops over the ocular implant.
Teleportation with your limited amount of inorganic tissue and without a kinetic spin drive is not advisable. However, given the composition of the walls themselves, it may be possible to disrupt and separate them on the molecular level. I can erect a barrier within the wall itself and you could literally pull it apart with your hands.
Let’s do it.
Alpha buzzes along my skin. I press both hands to the wall and the electronically secured office door chimes but does not automatically slide open. I push Alpha into the wall and sense the barrier going up in the interior. The orange fulgor springs forward and grows all around me.
“What are you doing?” Reznik says, genuine concern leaching into her words.
“I’m coming for the wicked witch,” I whisper, very certain she can hear me.
KERN is not a SIM. These walls are real walls. But I remember producing a lime out of thin air and it being real and concrete enough to toss to another person. It shouldn’t surprise me when my hands phase and warp through the walls. It shouldn’t surprise me when I form a square with my hands and then push outwards, and the wall separates in front of me. I push further out, and the hole grows even wider.
Hurry, Eleni Garza.
I push further still, and the gap widens enough for me to squeeze my short, slim frame through. I leap, my hands slick with sweat and static charge. I tumble through on the other side just as the hole folds shut with a terrible noise like cloth ripping. I cry out as pain slams into my right elbow. I look down and see that the closing wall nicked a good portion of skin off the bent elbow, almost down to the bone.
I grab at my elbow and blood comes away in my hand. I wipe it down the front of my shirt.
“How did you get in here?” Reznik’s voice emanates from speakers above my head, but I have it on good authority she is close. Closer than she has been in a long time. My hands curl into fists.
The only light that filters into the offices comes through the thick paned window and it’s just the flashing red emergency lights. I hear the click and hiss of the gas vents before I see them.
“You’ve got a lot of fancy toys,” I tell Reznik, glancing upwards.
Internally, I’m panicking.
Alpha. What do we do?
If I die, Alpha comes with me. Neither of us want that for ourselves. There’s an imperative for Alpha to keep me safe. For us to keep one another safe. At least, I hope that’s the case.
Shallow breaths, Eleni Garza. I can filter most of the toxins through your lung implant. You will take some damage. Diverting power to disabling the gas, but it will take upwards of 120 seconds to bypass and close all valves.
Two minutes. I keep my hand pressed to the floor so Alpha can feed off the giant KERN battery. I wrap the cuff of my shirt up over my nose and mouth, holding it there.
Ninty seconds. I do not advise advancing further or engaging in extraneous aerobic exercise at this juncture.
Guess that rules out jumping jacks.
Sarcasm is not helpful.
Humor is a foundation of life, Alpha. Get with the program. Unless that’s not part of your programming.
Continued pointless communication diverts power and resources from the multiple security barriers and automated ventilation systems I am currently operating and penetrating.
The gas is making me loopy. I try not to draw deep breaths, but nausea cramps my stomach and a swooning sensation takes off in my head. A cough rattles in my chest. I spit out a nasty, tar like substance that sticks to the roof of my mouth.
Try not to cough.
Sure, I’ll try not to breathe either.
That would be helpful.
That’s sarcasm, Alpha.
I know.
Thirty seconds.
I nod, and the movement causes me to slump forward until my knees buckle and my head hits the floor.
I’m dying here, Alpha. We’re dying. Is it possible for me to die?
Yes. The human body is a fragile, weak vessel. Twenty seconds.
You won’t die, will you?
I can divert my programming to another entity, but there is not a source close enough that generates as much power as you do, Eleni Garza. The Alpha System would be rendered largely inoperable. Some core functions would exist, but it would be a thing like death.
Ten seconds.
My breath rattles in my throat. My tongue and mouth is like sandpaper. My limbs curl in on themselves and I vomit up another tarry black liquid.
Five seconds.
My lungs are collapsing.
Four.
“Are you feeling alright, Patient Zero?” Reznik mewls from above.
Three.
Two.
One.
I can’t immediately breathe again. It’s not a sudden re-injection of oxygen into the room. But the gas slowly curls back into the vents. Goosebumps rake up and down my arms and legs. My breath warbles in my chest and the pressure slowly, achingly relieves itself. I push up off the floor and hoist myself into a standing position.
Movement beyond the window catches my attention. The guards and KERN residents have worked through the doorway barrier and are advancing on the last one separating them from the administrative offices. A splinter group has diverted to the barriers blocking access to the genetic therapy offices.
“You are not looking well, Patient Zero. Why don’t you sit tight. I’ve got some friends who can help,” Reznik says, and I regret the decision not to turn off the speakers.
Another set of vents opens, another click.
What’s coming now?
Drones, Alpha responds.
Can we disable them?
Doing so would cause power disruption to the remaining barriers.
No, it’s OK. I got it.
I push away from the window with a groan, and fumble with the plasma rifle slung across my back. My optic implant can target the electrical signature of the drones, but in the same vein, they can use thermal scanners to track me around the room. I could cloak, but my weakened, shaky body can’t seem to pull it together.
I fire on the closest drone and it explodes, crashing into another unit. They careen into the wall and explode. A plasma beam slices past my shoulder, cutting a hole through my shirt and a gouge deep enough to penetrate muscle. I cry out and fire on another drone. There are a dozen more drones hovering in the air above my head.
Alpha, can I fry them?
You risk losing two barriers in the process. Your choice, Eleni Garza. Though I would advise against it.
Another plasma bullet fires through my right leg. I cry out in pain and drop to my knees. I press my left hand to the wall and suck up as much KERN energy as I can—projecting it upward towards the drones. A chain of explosions kicks off and debris rains down on my head. A flaming piece of wreckage singes my arm and I bat it away.
“Your body’s ability to heal itself can’t keep up with everything I’m throwing at you. It doesn’t seem you’re as powerful as you thought.” Reznik follows this statement with a barking laugh. A mad kind of laugh.
Despite the pain in my leg, I rise—trembling—to my feet.
A spray of gunfire on the other side of the office window makes me yelp in surprise. I throw a hand up in defense and then remember the glass is bulletproof. This is an impenetrable fortress. Almost. I got through.
Soldiers and KERN patients pound on the glass. Then they split up— a small group disappears down the hallway to the door.
“Looks like you have company.”
Another click. I hold the bracer up and fill the room with illumination. Nothing moves or stirs. There are up-turned tables and drone remnants scattered about, some still smoking.
Alpha, what’s the sitrep here? What’s next?
“Guess I’ll let them in,” Reznik says.
The automated doors unlock with a grinding click. The metal door slides away. I cloak from sight, but the firepower concentrated into the room is intense. I duck behind an upturned table, biting down hard on my knuckles to keep from crying out as the wounds all over my body protest in pain. I need to avoid detection as much as possible. Surprise is the only element I control here.
It’s a shame I fried the drones. Or…did I? I disabled them. But maybe Alpha and I could coax one to work in our favor? I reach out to one of the drones near me and it fritzes. Life briefly bleeps in its core and then crackles out.
I try another one, just beyond it. It lights up strong and soars, crooked and ungainly in the air, only to be immediately shot down by incoming fire.
Alpha, how much power load do we have?
Using your continued metaphor of the KERN facility as a giant battery—we have drained roughly seventy percent of the power sources.
I want to knock everyone out.
Given that these are all fragile humans, it would not take that much direct application of power.
Let’s do it.
I stretch my palm out on the floor and the bracer heats to a painful degree. The smell of burning hair and skin rises to my nostrils, briefly over-riding the stench of sweat, blood, and ozone stink of the plasma bullets.
The table is taking quite a beating, and my hiding spot is not going to be well hidden for long.
Be advised—it will be impossible to render all the humans prone. Some of them have altered genetics that make it impossible to electrocute them into an unconscious state. Almost all of them have healing properties similar to yours that make recovery time from any injury much faster than a normal human body.
Take out as many as you can.
Be advised—you will be impacted by the shock as well. I can reduce the harm to your body, but there will be a temporary, possibly painful disruption.
A bullet whizzes past my head and I look up to see the group is right on top of me.
Alpha, just do it!
Firing.
White heat rolls across my body and fills up my vision until the entire terrifying scene in front of me, the electrocuted soldiers and patients, is obscured. My limbs go limp and my head slumps back to the floor. I have zero visibility.
Alpha?
We have eliminated all but two of the KERN students.
Who are they?
Eleven and Twenty Four. Otherwise known as—
It doesn’t matter. How do we take them out?
Eleven and Twenty-Four are both genetically modified, cloned individuals. The Alpha System has direct access to their cerebral cortex. We can simply stop them in their tracks. Doing so will divert at least ten percent of our current power sources.
So?
We have twenty percent remaining operational power in this facility.
Which means Reznik is operating on limited systems as well.
Correct.
Good. Drop ‘em.
I push up from the floor, my entire body screaming in agony with the effort. I grab hold of the table rim and haul my head over the top so I can peer at the two remaining KERN residents.
Eleven and Twenty-Four are stopped mid-movement. Very similar to the effect I was able to achieve in the SIM. Spidery bolts of blue fire at random intervals all across their bodies, rising up from the floor their feet are firmly planted on.
Advise that you proceed to the GPS location and rendezvous with the—
“You continue to disappoint me, Zero. Dawson saw such potential to weaponize your enhancements and craft a true military leader from the resources Prothero wasted on you. But you don’t have the fire he predicted. There is something weak and soft in you that I have never been able to break.” Her voice holds a new tone I cannot immediately pinpoint. It’s something close to fear. I’ve thwarted all her attempts to shield herself, she must feel the pressure of me closing in. She must be scared of me. They’re so scared of me here. Should I be scared of me? Me and Alpha together?
Alpha, where is Reznik?
You indicated you would meet up with the other KERN patients—
Alpha, where is Reznik?
A digital read-out unfolds over the ocular implant—a map with a blinking pin-point location.
It is not advised to pursue Pavel Reznik. There is no data to verify that eliminating Pavel Reznik will provide any assistance in curing the nano virus.
It’s not about that. This is between Reznik and I.
Not advised.
“I’m aware, Alpha. Where is she!?” I slam a fist against the door.
The administrative offices have a built-in panic room through these blast doors. Reznik is operating controls from this safety point. The walls are impenetrable. You will not be able to access this room.
I don’t need to get through the walls if I can open the door.
Be advised—the guards and patients will shortly retain consciousness. The best course of action to avoid loss of life is to remove yourself from this location immediately.
I’m not going, Alpha. I’m taking care of Reznik, once and for all.
“Where do you think you’re going, anyway?” Reznik coos over the speakers. “There is no place in the world that Prothero couldn’t find you.”
“Oh, I don’t know. It’s kind of easy to avoid detection when you’re invisible and harboring an artificial intelligence.” My raw throat cracks around the words and I step forward, towards the office doors.
Alpha and I push past them—the electronic mechanism sliding through them like a knife through butter. The door rolls open with a heavy grinding noise. The bracer is hot metal against my skin, making a low grumbling like the snapping of electrified wires.
I enter the darkened office room, bypassing the desks, flickering monitors, electronic equipment on shelves, and closed cabinet doors.
Movement on one of the monitors sends alarm bells ringing in my brain. Twelve, Lucretia, Benjamin, and Milla are fighting their way through a squad of soldiers. Behind them is a row of armored vehicles. A route of escape. Something or someone is missing but I can’t immediately place it.
I could be out there right now if I wasn’t so hell bent on destroying Reznik. But she won’t stop until I’m dead. I have to make her stop.
“They’re going to be OK,” I murmur, reaching up towards the monitor.
Here, Alpha says, his voice subdued in my ear. Pavel Reznik is here. Killing Pavel Reznik is not your purpose, Eleni Garza. You are jeopardizing our primary objective and our chance at freedom to pursue a non-essential target.
I spin around. A panel lights up on the floor. I drop to one knee, prying at it with my fingers. It won’t budge. A digital readout blinks open on the panel, inviting me to enter a code. I click the bracer down onto it and Alpha works his magic. The panel flips up with a woosh of air.
Plasma bullets whizz past my head, one digging angry little teeth into my real ear. I cry out and dodge away from the panel.
“Do you really think you’re going to take Alpha and vanish into thin air?” Reznik shouts from the depths. “Do you think Alpha cares about you and your Contras?”
“Vanishing is what I do,” I say, rolling up into a crouch and skirting around the panel. “I’m a ghost after all. And I didn’t take Alpha. Alpha chose me. We’re going to—”
I stop myself. The less Reznik knows, the less I verbalize here in the command center with the blinking monitors, the better. My problem—Eleni Garza’s problem—was that she was never careful enough. She didn’t hold enough back, and she assumed that just because she felt invisible, that no one was watching.
“It doesn’t matter what we’re going to do. You are wrong about Alpha and you’re wrong about me.” I glance around the room. I need to find something to distract her. Or find some way to coax her up.
“I am not wrong. Not about you. Do you even know what you are, Zero? Do you even know what your parents made you into?”
“My—my parents,” I stop searching the room and return to the panel. “My parents are dead. They died saving my life.”
“Did they? Is that what you remember?”
“Don’t. Don’t talk about my parents,” I shout down into the hole, my throat raw.
“You think you’re real, don’t you? A real girl with robot parts? But deep down you know you’re more than that. That’s why Alpha was drawn to you. He knows what kind of monster you are.”
“You’re lying. I’m real. I’m like everyone else here.” I fall to my knees next to the open panel. “You made us this way. Prothero did this. Not my parents.”
“Your parents were Prothero. But keep telling yourself that, Zero,” Reznik whispers, her voice barely audible. “It might help you sleep at night.”
“I sleep just fine,” I shout over the lip of the panel. I glance up around the room again, my eyes narrowed to little slits. Sweat beads on my upper lip and I swipe a hand across it. The bracer rubs against my skin, scratching my nose. “You’re lying, Reznik. That’s how you operate. Always trying to get into my head.”
“You and Alpha belong together.” Her voice burrows into my brain like gnawing insects. “You’re both dangerous. Your parents knew that. But they were as naive as Dawson. All of them thought they could control you. Even Alpha believes that, don’t you, Alpha?”
If you wish to eliminate Pavel Reznik, there is an emergency failsafe. Cluster bombs are anchored in strategic locations across the base. This office has a cluster bomb. Drop the bomb into the panic room. Seal the panel.
She’s lying, right Alpha? She’s wrong about us?
The cluster bomb is located here.
A schematic rolls out of the bracer. At the same time a panel on the left wall flashes. I rise from my crouch and Reznik—seeing the movement—fires her weapon. Another plasma bullet burrows into my neck. I cry out and press hard against the wound.
She did not sever any major arteries.
Small favors, Alpha.
The cluster bomb, Eleni Garza.
You never answered my question, Alpha. What am I? What are you? What did my parents do?
The data is restricted. You do not have the appropriate security clearance to access that data.
Thanks for nothing.
You are welcome for the cluster bomb.
“I can’t let you leave this facility,” Reznik shouts against my back as I head for the blinking wall panel. “It’s for your own good. It’s for the good of everyone.”
“You don’t know what’s good for me.” I press on the panel. It rolls open with a hiss and I remove the cluster bomb. It slides back into the wall and turns dark. “You never did.”
“What are you doing with that?” Reznik asks, the fear returning to her voice. She must be able to see me on a monitor in the room.
I hold up the bomb—about the size and shape of a baseball—and twist it in the meager light from the monitors and computers. I’ve never killed anyone before. Not on purpose. Not a real flesh and blood human. As much as I hate Reznik—I don’t know if I can kill her. I don’t think she deserves to die. But I don’t think she will stop pursuing me, either. If I leave her here alive, she will hunt me down. She will find me. She will kill me.
I’m momentarily distracted when a drone whips into the room, buzzing loudly and scanning over the equipment. It’s NEL. NEL who was missing from my friends when I saw them on the monitor.
NEL came back for me.
“What are you doing here?” I call out. “You’re supposed to be helping them.”
NEL chirrups and settles down on my shoulder, examining the bomb with a series of distressed beeps.
“You and Alpha are too dangerous. I cannot let you leave this facility,” Reznik repeats. The cluster bomb lights up in my palm. “And I am willing to sacrifice myself to make that happen.”
Alpha!?
Pavel Reznik has remotely activated the device.
Shit.
I drop the bomb and kick it towards the panel. It rolls—wobbling across the floor. I dive towards the corner of the room and throw the bracer up over my face. NEL latches onto it and a transparent shield unfurls over me.
How many lives do I have left, Alpha?
I guess we will see, Eleni Garza. Good luck.
The explosive device detonates with a piercing whump. A heat blast rolls over me—sizzling against my skin. NEL’s shield evaporates and her lifeless body crumples to the floor. A fire wave hits my arm, burning up the skin left exposed after NEL fried. All that precious fake skin. It’s painful, but not as excruciating as it would be if it were real.
My chest heaves with the force of the blast, pushing me up against the wall. Dozens of hot metal projectiles pierce my body. The firework and melting wire stink of burnt technology reaches my nostrils. Then a thick smoke cloud gags me and wracking coughs shake my chest.
Overhead, the sprinkler system initiates and plumes of cold water patter on my skin. Red blood oozes from my wounds and mixes with the water, sending diluted orangey tendrils spilling out from my body. I reach down and grab the crumpled drone.
Is—is NEL dead?
This KERNEL drone is no longer functional. The drone’s mainframe has been fried. Its hardware may be salvageable, but—yes, Eleni Garza. NEL is dead.
Oh. Oh no.
I tuck her tiny body in the pocket of my pants carefully, painfully.
Reznik—is Reznik dead?
I push myself away from the wall and swipe a bloodied, sweat slicked hand across my forehead. The smoke is still thick, so I can’t see much ahead.
Alpha, give me a visual.
A secondary display lights up over my ocular implant and a thermal scanner shivers across the sensors. The heat from the explosion dissipates and underneath it, I can see there is no heat signature emanating from the panic room.
I swallow hard, “Reznik?” I call out, even though my voice is muffled from my own ears by a shrill ringing. My right ear has survived many explosions—but this time I wonder if I’ll ever hear again. The left one, the implant, has stopped working altogether. I’m hoping the implant only experienced a shortage that Alpha can repair once—once I’m out of here. If I ever get out of here.
Movement through the billowing clouds catches my attention and I shrink up against the wall. I try to cloak but our energy reserves are so drained, and the effort gives me a woozy, swooning sensation. Or maybe that’s just a concussion. Or maybe it’s something else.
Alpha, are we dying?
Your body is experiencing major trauma. Internal bleeding. You will need medical assistance.
Movement again—the red emergency lights flicker and send smoke swirling in strange, intricate patterns.
“Who’s there?” I call out. It’s a ridiculous question, and I won’t be able to hear the answer anyway.
Darkness pulls at the edge of my vision. I try to stand but my legs are too wobbly to hold me.
“Stay back.” I reach around my shoulder for the rifle but a bright burst of pain catches my breath. It hitches in my chest.
A tall, looming figure steps into the light, arms raised in supplication.
“Dr. Dawson?” I slump back against the wall. I stop reaching for the rifle and let my arm fall limply to my side. My arm hurts. My whole body hurts. Everything hurts.
Dawson scrambles towards me, holding an arm up to shield himself against the black smoke. He drops to a knee by my side. He speaks but I can’t understand the words.
“I can’t hear you,” I shout, even though his face is only inches from mine. “I think I’m dying again.” I try to laugh but the chuckle turns into a wracking cough.
He cups my cheeks and says something, but I can only shake my head in response. I can’t read lips. He drops his hands, tucking them up under my armpits. He lifts me to my feet and my body unwillingly yields—following his direction. We’re both on our feet now.
Alpha has been surprisingly quiet.
You OK, Alpha?
You are dying. We are dying.
Don’t worry. It’s not the first time. It won’t be the last. We’ll make it. Dr. Dawson is here with us now.
Precisely what I am afraid of.
You’re afraid, Alpha? You’re afraid of Dawson?
Yes. It is a new sensation. I do not like it.
No one does.
I don’t bother to ask Dawson where we’re going or what he’s doing here. I couldn’t hear or absorb the answers anyway. He drags me over towards the panel. I want to avert my gaze but another part of me needs to know for sure. I look down into the charred blackness and see nothing. No Reznik. There is blood splatter and grisly human material that spewed up out of the panic room. In the gloomy red from the overhead lights I notice one perfectly preserved finger laying haphazardly to the left of the blown panel.
We need the finger.
Seriously? We’re dying. And you need a finger?
Yes. If you want to save Rory Santiago, we need that finger.
Lucky us.
I slip out of Dawson’s grip and fall—ungainly—to the floor. I grab the finger and slip it into my pants pocket, tucking it up next to NEL’s shattered body. Dawson might say something, but I can’t hear anyway so it doesn’t matter.
He hoists me back from the floor and waves us through the office door into the lounge area. There are no soldiers or patients here—laying inert or otherwise. The damage from the battle is still visible though. Dawson stops, looks around, and then speaks into the band around his wrist.
Milla materializes in front of us, first as a softly glowing outline. Her body shimmers a dulcet silver and then solidifies. She and Dawson speak to one another. Through their gestures I make out that he informs her I can’t hear anything. She looks me up and down, shakes her head and steps towards me. She places a hand on my non-wounded shoulder and gives me a sympathetic look.
I glance over at Dawson, who flashes me a pained, compassionate smile. He nods at Milla, who nods back.
Alpha, can you hear what they’re saying?
Yes. But directly translating is not a good use of my current resources. I am trying to keep us alive.
Oh, OK.
If I am inferring correctly, they plan to teleport us outside the facility.
Is Dawson coming?
No.
“Wait,” I shout, because that seems to be the only octave my broken brain can utilize. “Wait, Dr. Dawson.”
I turn to him and give him a tight embrace. My body, riddled with bullet graze wounds and shrapnel screams in pain. Tears spring to my eye. Dawson squeezes hard and then shoves me away. He shouts something to Milla and points towards the direction where I sent the group.
I shake my head. “Come with us. You can come with us!”
He smiles that slow, sad smile again. “No, Eleni.”
I don’t hear him, but I can read this much from his face, his lips, and the set of his jaw.
Milla’s grip on my arm hardens and a tingling sensation warps over my skin. Dawson takes a step back, stumbling against an upturned chair. Milla wraps both arms around me and pulls me in for a tight hug.
“I’ve never done this before,” is what I think she says into my ear. Mostly because I’ve never seen her do this before.
We turn slightly and Dawson’ comes into full view. The fear in his face is echoed in mine and I grab the cloth of Milla’s shirt. She smells like sweat and blood. It’s a familiar, almost comforting scent and I bury my nose against her shoulder.
“Oh my God, Oh my God. We’re going to die,” I whisper.
That is a possibility.
Milla says something, it sounds potentially comforting, but the message is lost in all the ringing.
That’s when I notice the movement behind Dawson. Soldiers and KERN patients bursting through the doors, guns aimed. I don’t hear the sound of firing guns, but I watch Dawson slowly raise his hands above his head. I reach out towards him, but he shakes his head, backing away from where we stand.
“No, no, no, no,” I murmur under my breath. “Milla, stop!”
Dawson gives me a weary, forlorn smile and slowly turns to the soldiers guns. He drops down to his knees and they rush forward, surrounding him, swallowing him up in a sea of black uniform. Some of them bypass Dawson and head in our direction. I don’t think they understand what’s happening or what comes next.
Goosebumps rake down my arms. The tingling grows and a biting icy cold pain shoots out from my chest and freezes my limbs.
The room vanishes. The soldiers vanish. We vanish.
Numb, blackness fills my vision.
Dawson is gone. Milla is gone. We are gone.


CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE:
TITUSVILLE, FLORIDA
We re-emerge outside. It smells like grass and flowers. Strong, earthy, loamy scents that I missed while being confined in the KERN facility for—weeks? Months? I don’t know how long. I’ve lost track of time. I only know how long I’ve been awake. Truthfully, I don’t even really know who I am.
My knees give out. I drop down to all fours and roll onto my back, panting. Milla watches me fall. Her eyes are wide with elated surprise. She says something to a third party who I cannot see and then shouts, giving a little jump. Lucretia steps into view above me and pats Milla on the shoulder.
Her head tilts down at me, expression concerned. Twelve joins her, standing above me.
They have a brief, muted dialogue and then two sets of hands clamp down on me—lifting me off the ground. I attempt to cooperate, but my body’s been through too much grueling punishment in the last few hours. It doesn’t seem to be under my control anymore.
“We have to go back,” I shout. I make a desperate grab for Milla’s arm, but she skips out of reach. A brief dialogue ensues and Twelve shakes his head at me in response. “No, we can’t go back.” That’s what I infer, anyway.
“They’re going to kill him. They’re going to kill Dawson!” I shout again. A tear drips from my eye and pings off my cheek.
Lucretia shakes her head this time.
Nobody wants to go back for Dawson because none of these people really care if he lives or dies. That much is obvious to me.
A bright ball of orange fire erupts from the KERN facility. It’s centered around the personnel room we just teleported from. Everyone turns to look and Twelve nearly drops me on my ass. Another explosion kicks off in the building, right next to it.
This time, Twelve does drop me. I look up—shocked from the explosions and shocked from the sudden impact—to see Lucretia scolding Twelve and retrieving me from the ground again.
“Dawson,” I murmur, as another explosion kicks off. This one seems to motivate my companions, whose sense of self-preservation over-rides their fascination with pyrotechnics. “Dawson!” His name screams out of my throat, but I can’t feel the weight of its impact.
Nobody cares. Dr. Dawson is dead, and nobody cares.
I try to wriggle out of their grip but my body fights against me, unwilling to heed. It’s a short, humiliating struggle. I cast a final glance back over my shoulder, as another explosion blows debris and smoke into the air. The heat waves against us and we struggle forward. The KERN facility looms and then recedes in the background.
It’s not just Dawson in there. It’s all the patients. All the KERN patients and the staff. The building is exploding and imploding behind us.
Everyone inside is dead.
Alpha, what’s happening? What’s happening in there?
Alpha doesn’t respond immediately. Panic seizes my limbs.
Security breaches have overwhelmed the systems. Protocols were set in place. The KERN leadership prefers a scorched earth method to dealing with their problems.
KERN did this?
Pavel Reznik did this. Yes.
My knees buckle again. Reznik did this. Because I did this. She destroyed everyone because I’m a monster. Because Alpha and I are monsters and she couldn’t let us escape alive.
Twelve and Lucretia flank me, pulling me up and forward. Milla jogs ahead of us, putting distance between herself and the explosions.
The world washes in and out like a wave. Sometimes it’s fiery embers floating through the skies. Sometimes it’s inky blackness. My head lolls up and I see a blanket of stars laid over the sky. Rabbit’s stars. We’re going to see Rabbit. Rabbit who is not Mateo.
Someone is missing. One of us is missing. I swivel my head around to look behind us. No Benjamin.
“Where’s Benjamin?” I ask, knowing I will not be able to hear their answer.
Lucretia and Twelve exchange a look.
“No looks. What happened? Where’s Benjamin?” I demand, terror coating my words.
I can’t lose anyone else. I can’t.
Twelve points ahead, towards the rows of armored cars. One has glowing headlights. I nod and concentrate all my energy on dragging one foot in front of the other. Benjamin emerges from the armored car and races towards us. He shoves Milla out of the way and scoops me out of Lucretia and Twelve’s arms. He cradles me to his chest and turns, barreling back towards the car. It’s safe and warm in his arms. I think about Dawson back in KERN and sob into the material of Benjamin’s shirt.
He rips the hatchback door open and sets me down on the floor of the compartment. Twelve and Lucretia hop in the front seats and Milla joins us in the back. I note all of this through a growing grey haze in my vision. The world washes in and out of focus.
Alpha, you are quiet.
Conserving and diverting energy only to vital biological functions. You are dying.
He sounds surprised. Scared. Confused. This artificial intelligence has never died before.
I’ll be OK. We’ll be OK.
I am not so sure of that.
“Benjamin,” I whisper, my throat raw and smokey. My mouth tastes like smoke. I smell like burnt things. “I think I’m dying again.”
He shakes his head, wraps his large metal hand around mine. A needle bites into my right arm and I swivel my head to see Milla hooking an IV bag over a loop in the ceiling of the vehicle.
The engine starts, the hum and crackle of its electricity jittering through me. The car starts forward with a lurch. Milla and Benjamin steady themselves on handles also embedded in the ceiling and Benjamin places a medical kit next to me. The vibration as it thumps down against the metal of the floor thunders through my head.
I remember the medical kit I used to patch Rabbit the last time I died. I reach out to lay a hand on top of it. It’s solid and steady beneath my fingertips, like an anchor to the real world.
Benjamin carefully lifts the shirt off my stomach and up over my head. Underneath I am wearing a simple sports bra. Beyond that, I can see the total damage to my upper torso. Welts and shrapnel holes dot my stomach and chest. I reach up to touch the plasma bullet wound in my neck and Milla bats my hand away.
Benjamin pulls out the medical paste and applies it to the wounds. Milla works on bandaging what she can. She takes care of the free bleeding of the neck wound with shaking hands but steady proficiency. Benjamin pulls my pants down and completely off. They survey the wreckage of the lower half of my body. Another smattering of welts and cuts and shrapnel holes. They staunch a good portion of the bleeding with the medical paste and the bandages, until it appears they run out of materials.
Milla shrugs and closes the kit, pushing it off to the side. Benjamin is favoring his right side and I catch sight of a gash stretching from his armpit to his hip that appears to wrap around his back. It’s not bleeding profusely and it’s not deep, but he winces as the torn, bloodied shirt falls down over it.
He and Milla finally plop themselves down in the back of the vehicle, up against the wall. Milla leans into him, resting her head on his shoulder, and he doesn’t push her away. Something about the absence of noise has made me mute. I stopped talking during the medical procedures except for little grunts and gasps of pain.
With Benjamin though, I don’t need to do much talking.
Benjamin finally meets my eyes and I ask, “Are you OK?”
He nods.
“Thanks for taking care of me.”
He smiles and moves his shoulder, a gesture indicating it was nothing, really.
“Where are we going?”
He points towards the bracer.
Alpha, where are we going?
I gave them the coordinates to the CDC facility in Atlanta, Georgia. We are going to save Rory Santiago. And then the world.
I want to close my eyes now. We’re going to be OK, right?
Yes. We have an energy source. You are no longer dying. Once we reach optimal health levels, we can cloak the vehicle. Until then, we must rest.
OK. Goodnight, Alpha.
Goodnight, Eleni Garza. You can sleep now.
You’ll wake me up? When we get there?
Of course, I will wake you up. I will protect you. That is my primary function, Eleni Garza. That is what I am designed to do.
Are you being sarcastic, Alpha?
No. Maybe. Now rest.
Benjamin scoots over to me, takes my hand again. He leans down towards me to whisper in my ear.
Maybe he says, “You didn’t die this time.”
I try to respond, but a pulse of electricity rolls over me, pulling me away from reality. In the dark behind my eyelids, the shimmering green feathers of the phoenix bird shiver to life. It grows larger in my view until it’s all consuming and its wings brush icy cold air past my cheeks.
What are you? I ask the bird.
It tilts its head down until it’s beak touches my forehead. A brilliant light pulses out from this touchpoint, and then little pinpoints of light swirl all around us, dotting the inky expanse like stars in the night sky.
Are you the Alpha System?
The phoenix bird lifts its head and looks around at the twinkling expanse.
What is it? What do you want to show me?
It opens its beak and a strangely familiar voice crawls out of it. It says: Your true purpose. Are you ready?
The stars wink out.
I’m ready, I whisper into the vastness.


A SNEAK PEAK AT IRON CURTAIN,
THE SEQUEL TO TIN ROAD
There are eighty-eight constellations in the sky, and I know every one of them by heart. I used to whisper them to myself when I was hiding under the bed, or in the closet, or on the roof. I’d start like this: Andromeda, Antlia, Aquarius, Aquila, Ara, Aries…and I’d recite them until I reached the end of the list. Then, I’d start over again.
The roof was my favorite place to hide because I could imagine myself somewhere else entirely. Some place at home, amongst the stars.
Constellations are used to illustrate the fixed stars, which aren’t even really fixed—they’re careening through space just like we are—dying very long deaths above our heads. Their corpses will burn in the heavens for a million years. Maybe forever. Some people can’t handle thinking about forever. Some people don’t like to look up because it makes them feel small.
I don’t think I’ve ever really felt small. I’ve been tall my whole life. Tall and skinny. My mom once said my height was from all that reaching to the stars. No matter how high I was, I always wanted to go higher.
I told her maybe she shouldn’t keep me on the ground and I wouldn’t need to reach so far. She would smile, her eyes crinkling at the edges, and I would kiss the top of her head where her hair was going grey at the roots. The grey patches in her hair just got bigger and bigger as she aged, fanning out from her part down the middle. The white flecks showed up when Luna died.
I started saying the names of constellations like a magic spell, to ward off the bad shit when my dad would drink. The bad got worse when we moved to Houston, after we lost everything in Mexico because of the virus. The constellations and their names felt safe. When I whispered their names, I imagined myself in the stars. Floating. Weightless. Soundless. Peaceful. I didn’t have to fight back. Not if I could run away to the stars.
The stars made me a coward.
No, that’s not right. I was already a coward.
The stars amplified my cowardice, shining their light on it, and exposing me for the person I really was deep down. Not a good person. Not the favorite son. I was a monster. And everything I touched was doomed to fail.
That’s not right either.
I can’t blame the stars anymore. Here at the end, I think I can finally say it. Here we go. Here’s the real truth: I’m a coward and I let her die.

This was the moment everything changed. I was on the way home from track practice. I could have taken the bus but I had another black eye and I’d already been fending off nosey-ass questions all day. Coach even pulled me aside first thing and said if I didn’t stop getting into fights, I was going to tank my scholarship. It was track and field season so I couldn’t brush the bruises off as basketball injuries anymore.
Coach cared but not enough to speak up on behalf of a skinny Mexican kid. Not when there were plenty of rich white boys to coddle. I was there on scholarships, just to get the secondary education. I was smart but that’s not what they wanted. They wanted me to diversify their brochures and they wanted me to reach for the stars.
I was primed to be my family’s meteoric rise out of poverty, so I never could quite figure out why I was my father’s favorite target. I took it because it kept him away from Luna and the others, for the most part. At fifteen I was getting bigger though. The days where I feared the alcohol on his breath and the sharp points of his fists were numbered. I was dwarfing him in size and that seemed to make him…angrier.
He never did like looking up.
I was early coming home from practice. That’s why I was on the street outside the house when she died. I wouldn’t have been there otherwise. I would have missed it entirely if I’d been at practice. I think about that a lot.
How things might have been.
I was early because instead of bowing my head as Coach berated me for missing my jump mark, I’d looked straight into his eyes and told him to fuck off. It was hot and I was tired. I hadn’t slept well the night before, because I was cramming for a physics test. I wasn’t thinking. Just reacting.
Coach raised his fist, almost on instinct, which told me something else about why he never seemed too upset about the cuts and bruises. I might have backed down then, but everyone was watching. All my teammates, people who I liked and cared about and respected. They were on my team.
I was supposed to be safe here.
I stepped into him. I told him without speaking, “hit me motherfucker, I dare you.”
He dropped his fist and told me to get off his track.
I was usually late getting back from practice. As late as I could be. Anything to avoid the sinking feeling of being at home. I would idle around the Randall Space Center and watch the rockets take off. The explosions around the base of the rockets made my eyes burn but I could never look away.
It made me feel brave. It made me feel powerful. Watching the rockets go.
I always changed out of my clothes right after practice and took the long way home past the Space Center. And then I clocked in to wash dishes and clean toilets at the hotel near the freeway. A short shift. Maybe two hours. I used the money to supplement the scholarships and buy athletic shoes but it wasn’t enough. It was never enough to fill the gaps in the money. The holes in our bellies.
Back in Mexico my mom was an ER nurse. Not the kind that changes bed-pans or draws blood. The kind that patch you up after a car accident or clean out your bullet wound. She worked part-time because there were so damn many of us, but she was good at her job. She loved that job and it made her happy. It broke her heart to leave.
My dad owned his own tech repair shop. He had to sell it before we moved. He loved that shop. It broke his heart to leave. And that’s when things started to get bad. Worse. After the NV exploded everywhere and we had to flee Mexico because of the fighting.
We used the tunnels to escape. My mom was pregnant with Daniel at the time and Gloria was only two. She could barely walk so we all took turns carrying her. I can still feel the weight of Gloria’s chubby arms around my neck.
I know what it’s like to carry the weight of the world.
I had my headphones in that afternoon, so I didn’t hear the sirens or the pops at first. I was listening to music so loud I was losing the boom of the bass, but the pain and intensity was drowning the pain twisting in my stomach.
Coach knew I needed the Track and Field scholarship to stay at Randall Academy. If he kicked me off the team, I would lose everything. It felt like I was teetering on the edge of losing everything. And maybe I deserved it.
The thing is—I wasn’t as early as I could have been either. I stopped by Dante’s on the way home. Maybe if I’d been earlier, I could have stopped her. If I hadn’t been there at Dante’s, maybe I could have stopped everything.
I think about that a lot too.
One of the kids from the neighborhood had introduced us a few weeks prior. Dante was interested in my connections to the Academy. I was interested in the stack of cash he flashed in my face. Dealing drugs paid a lot more than scrubbing toilets.
Dealing drugs seemed like the answer to a lot of my questions and the resolution to a lot of my problems. I wasn’t sure if Coach was going to permanently ban me from the team. Part of me wanted him to. Part of me wanted him to lift the pressure off my shoulders, the weight of my family and the world from around my neck. Part of me felt like I’d already lost my place on the team when no one spoke up and no one followed me as I left.
Teammates, but not friends. Not really one of them. Not in the way that mattered.
So I joined Dante’s team.
I had a twenty sack of Salt in the pocket of my hoodie when Luna died.
I met a girl there, at Dante’s. Her name was Alma, and she had these crazy green eyes like tropical water. She told me her real name was Skye. I told her I also had two names. She kissed me on the lips and pushed the Salt into my open palm. She was the first girl I’d ever kissed. And then, she was the only one I ever wanted to kiss, no matter what foul shit she did to me. My head spun. I’d smoked a Salt cigarette with Dante, and everything was spinning. I wanted to get home and lay down. I just wanted to lay my head down.
Things felt out of control and I was standing on the edge of a collision. I wanted to do the right thing, but I wasn’t sure what the right thing was anymore.
The music was loud, but it was hard to miss the roar of the car engine and the sonic boom as it careened into the ugly, twisted up tree outside our house. The driver—his body broke open all through the windshield and across the hood of the car. The woman in the passenger seat exploded against one of the limbs. I guess it was a woman. There was a lot of curling black hair, but the rest of her body was unrecognizable.
I ripped the headphones off my ears and the sound exploded all around me. The sirens and the gunfire. The peace officer car whipped by fast on my right side. I was still a block away. But I could see everything.
Luna stood on the front lawn just outside the door, eyes wide.
She was thirteen—two years younger than me. The rest of the kids were like that—two years apart down to the baby, Lo, who was three and my mom was growing too much grey to worry about having any more kids.
Luna was wearing a flower dress and her hair was up in a loose bun. Her feet were bare. She was holding something in her hand and even from my vantage point it was impossible to tell what it was. I was only watching the door because it’s my door and I was silently praying for everyone to stay inside.
But Luna would never stay inside. She was always rescuing stray animals from the street and putting them in boxes and stealing food for them until my dad found them. They disappeared after that and nobody talked about where they went. But I knew Dad would take them to work and dump them on the streets or…something else.
I think he killed them.
I told Luna to stop picking up the animals. She should leave them on the streets. They’d be better off there than if dad found them. She didn’t listen. I was her stupid older brother.
She was smart though. Not Academy smart, but smart enough to get top scores at the public secondary school and she wanted to be a nurse or a veterinarian. No one had the heart to tell her she would most likely end up working at the hotel with my mom forever, which she did at nights after school. All three of us went together in the rickety pickup truck that my dad had rescued from the technician shop.
Luna had her animals and I had my stars and Dad had his cars and Mom had her crosses. The little kids—Tony, Martha, Gloria, Daniel and Carlos—they all had each other, and we took care of them. Tony was just getting old enough to start pulling his weight. Dad took Tony to the shop with him. Tony liked cars too. That kept him safe.
We were never really safe.
Luna had something in her hand and the cop car squealed to a stop at the wreckage. Doors popped open on both cars, the wrecked one and the cop car. There was shouting. Luna stopped walking towards the wreck, and I shouted her name. She couldn’t hear me over the sirens and the other shouts. She stood there frozen. Her hands frozen holding whatever she had.
I ran. I ran as fast as I could.
The pops started up again. Loud. There was crossfire between the officers and the other people in the cars. I could vaguely see the outlines and shapes of their guns and the crack of the bullets firing from them. Luna dropped her hands and turned. The object she carried fell at her feet. She ran back towards the house. She didn’t hit the ground like we’d talked about maybe a thousand times before.
The officers saw movement and fired.
It wasn’t one bullet like they said. Luna wasn’t fleeing from the car or the scene like they also said. The bullets hit her in the back. Twelve bullets in her back and lucky number thirteen hit her in the neck and should have killed her instantly but she lived for a little while—long enough to know she was dying. Long enough to feel the pain of thirteen bullets although the doctor and the officers said her body was in too much shock for her to really feel anything.
Lying fucks.
The Contras didn’t kill her.
The officers killed her.
I couldn’t get there fast enough. I wasn’t fast enough. I could have been faster.
But I was high from Dante’s and my brain was still circling around Skye’s lips and there was that weight in my pocket dragging me down. The drugs in my pocket.
The officers didn’t stop shooting when Luna was hit. They didn’t stop firing until the two other Contras were dead on the ground.
I don’t remember making any noise when the bullets hit her body, when she fell. I just remember the ache of my jaw the next day. The fuzzy burn of my eyes. My head thumping hard at all the too-bright lights and the muted sounds of the little kids. The bruises on my knees from hitting the ground so hard next to her body.
Gloria had pushed open the broken screen door, her head poking up over the lip of it. I could see her huge round eyes, wide with fear. I slammed the screen closed against her, shoving her backwards.
Luna stared up at me, her head laying almost peacefully on the grass, the color drained from her face. Blood pooled underneath her body. Her eyes were already losing their light. Her searching hand reached toward me and I grabbed it, pressing mine against the blood seeping from her neck. She tried to say something, but more blood exploded from her mouth instead.
I remember that. That’s what I get to remember about my sister.
An officer grabbed me from behind and wrestled me to the ground beside her. My chest was pressed into the grass, my head turned to hers. I watched her eyelids close and I reached out a hand for her. A second officer stomped on my wrist.
I didn’t get to touch her again.
I didn’t even get to say goodbye.
All at once the weight of the officer was lifted from my back and they were hauling me away. Shouting orders at me. Luna’s body lay on the grass. Still and silent. None of the officers approached to take her pulse or administer any medical aid. Before they cuffed me and shoved me into the back of the cop car, I caught a wild-eyed glimpse of the object Luna was holding in her hand.
It was a medical kit. A tin kit where she kept all her medical supplies.
It took them two hours to close down the crime scene and three hours to come pick up my sister’s body. I watched everything from the backseat of a cop car, blood running down my face from my broken nose. My hands were twisted behind my back and cuffed, so I couldn’t wipe it away. It splattered down into my lap and stained my track shoes.
That’s OK. I never wore them again.
The officers dropped the charges against me for resisting arrest. The cops were never prosecuted. They blamed the Contras. My mom’s hair started turning white. Gloria didn’t speak to anyone for a whole year.
I dropped out of the Randall Academy and started selling drugs at the Space Center. Dante got me a job there in the laundry room. Then as a server in the restaurant. And finally, as a lifeguard for the Olympic sized heated outdoor pool. I met Clinton Fuller and Edmund Fuller one day when I saved this stupid rich kid from drowning.
I started fucking Skye and she told me she loved me. It turned out she loved a lot of other people too—all at the same time. Our love was a bad love but it filled the hole in my life. I believed her love because I was young, and she was older and more beautiful than I deserved. Maybe it should have mattered more that she was still fucking Dante and anyone else she wanted. Whenever she wanted. Sometimes where I could see and hear. Sometimes she would ask me to join in. Sometimes I would join, and it would feel good in the moment but then the life hole grew bigger and I needed more to fill it.
More Skye. More drugs. More bad shit. Sometimes I would lock myself in the bathroom and cry in the shower. Or take a hit of whatever was around and start a fight. Or drink a fifth of mescal and pass out on the front lawn. Eventually my entire life was the hole and there was nothing left to fill it anymore.
I moved into Dante’s. I got stabbed in the heart. Clinton Fuller killed a kid. I took the fall for Clinton in exchange for a National Service term and a ticket off this fucking planet.
My mom always said I was reaching for the stars. I had my hand open, grabbing for anything I could pull myself up with. She always said it like she thought it was the most admirable trait. Like it meant somehow things were going to be different. Better.
And then, slowly, by pitting Fuller and the Contras against one another… things started to get better. I finished my prison sentence. I sent my family to Mars. I made it into the Academy and I just had one more hurdle to jump before landing at SAI and then blasting off this fucking rock and into outer space. Where I’d always wanted to be.
In a few short months, I would be among the stars.

And then I touched Eleni Garza’s hand. I shook her hand for the first time and she looked into my eyes like it was a challenge. Like she was daring me to say something stupid or obvious.
Her grip was strong. She was small and thin and muscled and her hair was short and wavy and she didn’t look like she ever wore makeup. She was dressed in non-descript clothes and she wore a silver necklace with a coin around her neck. There were scars and wires on her face. She wanted me to point them out because she had some clever retort lined up, some biting comment prepared to put me in my place.
She wanted to write me off. She wanted a good reason to dislike me. I could tell because of the way her gaze flickered right before she took my hand. I could tell by the way her lips pursed and one end curled as she bit the inside of her cheek.
I made her nervous. She made me nervous too. Those hard edges with that anxiety buried in her body. That vulnerability mixed with defiance.
I saw myself in her. I felt a familiar sensation pass between our skin. A little spark and I thought, I’m not going to take my eyes off you.
What I said was, “I know you.”
I meant—I recognize you from all the media coverage after your parents died. But that’s not what I said. Because I also meant—I know you. And you are like me. We are the same animal. Cut out in the night sky from the same star stuff.
I hadn’t meant to say it at all. At least, not like that.
“I mean—what I mean—”
Her face twitched, brows furrowing, and she opened her mouth to respond. Behind me, Clint interrupted by setting his hand on my shoulder.
“Eleni Garza,” he said, breathing his nasty breath against my cheek. “This is Rabbit Santiago. Don’t let the name fool you. There is only one cuddly bone on his body.”
Clinton Fuller, the ultimate cock block.
“Clint, what the hell?” I breathed through clenched teeth.
Eleni, much to her credit, was able to achieve that same level of graceful ignorance towards Clint that I loved about Alma. Alma who would never fuck Clint except that one time. That one disastrous time. That’s all it takes, you know.
One moment in time.
One little moment.
And your entire life turns.
“Rabbit?” she asked, amusement and curiosity flickering across her lips. “Your name is Rabbit?”
“That’s me.” I tried to elbow Clint out of the way but his dumbass face still hovered above my shoulder. She didn’t look at him though. She looked at me, still amused, intrigued, and surprised enough not to completely write me off. Not yet anyway. “I’m Rabbit.”
“Rabbit Santiago,” she murmured, squinting a bit, her smile tilting. “I don’t know you. But you are shaking my hand for a very long time.”
I felt a flush of embarrassment. Eleni—she wasn’t the first attractive girl I’d met since the prison camp, or even on the Academy campus. I mean, I hadn’t really cared about anyone since Skye and didn’t think I would.
Yet, here was this half-robot girl with scars running down her face. And there I was, a stuttering fool.
Neither of us had broken eye contact and dizziness hit me as I stared at her. She finally looked away.
“I’m sorry about the handshake. I mean, sort of,” I finally said, giving her a quick grin. She arched an eyebrow and gave me another half-smile in return. My heart hammered inside my chest.
Her hand came loose from mine, though I tried to keep our fingers intertwined as long as possible. She didn’t seem to mind really, that I was holding on. I think she was holding on a little, too.
“Sort of,” she murmured, with a quiet chuckle. “You’re second in our unit, right? I’ve seen your stats. I don’t know you, but I’ve heard about you. You’re pretty good.”
I swallowed hard and opened my mouth to speak.
“Rabbit’s not better than you. He’s pretty pissed about getting beaten by a girl,” Clint interrupted, digging his jaw into my shoulder. I methodically clenched and unclenched all the fingers in my fist, quelling a sudden urge to sucker punch his stupid nose.
“Is that right?” Eleni finally chose to address Clint. Her gaze flickered over to him, then back to me. “You’ve got a problem with that?”
“No. I don’t. You earned it. Just don’t get comfortable in the top spot.” I gave her another grin. “I might surprise you.”
“I hate surprises,” she said. “But as long as we keep the competition friendly, I don’t mind.” She shrugged and tilted her chin up. “You seem friendly enough.”
I wrinkled my nose and prepared a flirty response because holy shit, she was flirting with me. She was. She did. I mean, she really did flirt with me at first and I wonder—you know, what’s the use in wondering? Whatever I wanted to happen didn’t happen. Nothing turned out like it was supposed to.
Clint interrupted me. He always interrupted me.
“How about more than friendly?” Clint piped up from my shoulder.
Eleni’s eyes narrowed into daggers, a shriveling look she leveled at Clint and then me, in turn.
“How about fuck off?” she asked, her mouth slimming into a disapproving line.
When I turned to shove him off me, that’s when I saw it. I felt my heart drop into my stomach. Clint was looking past me—at her. A look I’ve seen before. A look that last time got someone killed. So, I stepped in front of her, blocking his line of sight.
“Oh, I like her. She’s feisty,” Clint said, peering around me.
“OK right. We’re done here Clint, time to go,” I said, pushing him on the shoulders. With my back turned to Eleni I said. “I’m sorry.”
“What are you sorry for?” she asked. Her question made the hairs on the nape of my neck prickle. I swear it’s like she was reading my mind. “What did you do?”
I looked back over my shoulder at her.
“I’m sorry for a lot of things,” I said, and I was trying to flirt again, but my tone was all wrong. The words were all wrong. How did this get so serious and heavy so quickly?
One little moment.
One little thing that makes your whole life turn.
Meanwhile, Clint was still looking over my shoulder at her. I saw the future in that look on his face—that look like a drowning man who has found a way to finally keep themselves afloat. That look like a thirsty man who’s being handed a tall glass of ice-cold water. That look that is special to Clint and involves him getting into a metric ton of trouble which I will inevitably need to clean up.
Not her. Not this one.
His look wasn’t desire. It was hunger. It was unwrapping a shiny new toy and desperately wanting to open the packaging and play with it. It was that special form of using Clint saw in people. He’d seen it in me. He’d seen it in Alma. Someone with a gift or a talent or a charm that he could use and manipulate and then squash and discard.
He only liked me because I hadn’t stopped being useful. Except I sort of had. And here was someone else. Something else that could help him achieve his goals again.
This look also meant, through the unspoken code of tragedy-tied best friends and through the fucked up power dynamics that comprised my relationship with Clint—it also meant she was off-limits to me. The best thing I could do here, the best way to keep them separated was to disengage with Eleni. There was nothing I could do besides stuff my desire and that spark of caring deep down in the recesses of my brain and body.
But I couldn’t convey that in any way that wouldn’t freak Eleni out and make Clint that much more disposed to do the opposite of what I wanted. It was better just to turn my back and move between them and keep him distracted.
“Come on Clint, let’s go. We need to save Luis from himself,” I urged. Clint finally relented, shrugging away. With my back to her I said, “Somebody has got to keep these assholes in line.”
“Sure. I guess that somebody is you,” she said. “Take care of yourself, Santiago.”
“Yeah. See you in the SIMS, Garza,” I murmured.
We moved back over to Luis who was trying desperately to hit on Corazon. Anyone else could tell you that was a losing proposition. Didn’t seem to matter to Luis.
I looked back over my shoulder as we walked away, just once. Eleni was still watching us, her eyes glittering. I gave her a small smile, not charming, but friendly enough. I like you. I just can’t get close to you. She bit her lip and frowned, turning her back.
The thing about desire is that it’s always a spark igniting a fuse. The fuse is variable. The spark can be too. There’s a lifespan to desire and it can be long or short but it will end in combustion or nothing at all. This spark had a particularly long fuse, a few months long anyway, that wound from the tips of my fingers down into my stomach.
It burned and grew hotter and faster over time.
So I let it burn. I took a lot of laps. I took a lot of cold showers. I thought if I ignored her that would keep her safe. Ignoring her would keep her hidden, and off the Fullers radar. Except that was never going to happen. I could maybe control myself. Maybe. But I could never control anything else.
The forces of nature are beyond our control. And Eleni Garza was a quiet, crackling ball of lightning. She did not make my time desperately squashing the flame any easier. She watched me when she thought I wasn’t looking. She followed me on base and I pretended not to notice.
She would smoke cigarettes with her hood up near the outdoor basketball courts, sketching on a tablet. She’d hunker down in the bleachers lining the indoor court and pretend to read her tin box of letters. She’d make furious little lines with her pen and glower over at me in between hook shots. I thought she hated me at first. Like, who is this weirdo following me around glaring at me and scribbling in her diary?
She was always kicking my ass in the SIMs. Bringing that extra attention to herself that made Clint’s slimy wolf ears perk up. It was impossible to get in front of her all the time. Or any of the time. She was always just a little further out of academic reach.
The spark morphed over time and sometimes I hated her. Resented her. Fought with her and fought against her. All of those efforts futile because no matter how vehemently I denied the thing—it was there every day. Running into me on campus. Running drone simulations. Running through my head.
I just wanted her to stop shining so bright. I just wanted to turn her down a bit so I—so I could look away. So Clint would look away and I could breathe a little easier. What I wanted was to do my time in the Academy like I’d done my time in the prison camp. With my head down. Not looking up. Not reaching up. Making myself as invisible as possible.
Eleni had that problem too.
Sometimes the desire to become invisible backfires and makes you the most obvious target in the room.
And no matter how much both of us wanted to slink back into the shadows and hide behind our drones we couldn’t. In tanks. Off to the side. Behind the ranks. We were always going to be exposed. And sooner or later—one of us was going to explode.
It was Eleni. Eleni exploded.
In the SIM. The SIM where she saw and heard the ghosts.
She cracked in there and a light poured out of her, an incredibly delicate vulnerability that was utterly impossible to ignore any longer. That’s when the fuse wrapped up its months of tangled work and I felt that flip in my guts and I knew that with the deploying of one stupid fake bomb I had undone months of carefully guarded wall building between us.
One stupid little thing.
I could see the crack in her and it was a different kind of explosion. The light poured out. At least, I thought she was light. I thought she was life.
But I was wrong.
The energy she radiated was death and I started dying the night she did. I spent my whole life reaching for the stars and then I held one in my hands and watched it die.
My name is Rabbit Santiago and I am finally among the stars.
I am dying a slow death.
Perhaps I will burn for a million years.

If you like Metal Heart and Tin Road, the final book in the Trilogy, Iron Curtain, will be available
Spring 2021!

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Melinda Jasmine Crouchley is a Pacific Northwest local with an MA in Writing/Book Publishing and BA in English, both from Portland State University.
Her first two novels, Metal Heart and Tin Road, were published by the Multnomah County Library Writers Project in 2017 and 2020. The third novel in the Metal Heart series, Iron Curtain, will be published in 2021 and her fourth novel, Astrid vs. the Asteroid, is currently being pitched to agents and publishers.
She worked in marketing and communications for the last decade before transitioning to freelance editing at Melinda Crouchley Editorial. She also has a background in National Service (Americorps VISTA, Washington Reading Corps).
You’ll find her on any average day walking her Boston Terrier, Oreo Cookie, through their neighborhood, hunting Pokemon and listening to carefully curated character playlists or true crime stories. While having a kid has been a pretty wild ride, her biggest life achievement is yet to come: obtaining a metal arm.
You can find her online at: https://www.melindacrouchley.com/ or on Instagram @authormelindajcrouchley or Twitter @authormelindac1
If you loved Tin Road, please, please, please recommend it to your friends and family! The easiest and best way to support an author is to leave a positive review on Smashwords or your favorite ebook retailer!
Join Melinda Jasmine Crouchley’s mailing list for all the latest news, including a sneak peek at new content, giveaways, author appearances, and more!
Sign up here: https://www.melindacrouchley.com/contact.html
