To Earth and Back
The Mission
William Boardman

To Earth and Back
The Mission
William Boardman
Published by William Boardman
Smashwords Edition
Copyright© 2016 William Boardman
All rights reserved.
Cover by William Boardman and Christine Leonardi
To Earth and Back is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either a product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Contents
Title Page
Copyright
Dedication
Conventions
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Acknowledgements
Cited Works
About the Author

For Nora—My Inspiration

Conventions
All languages are presented in English. Weights and measures are based on Earth standards. Alien institutions, scientific concepts, medical treatments, and plant and animal life are described in terms commonly understood on Earth. References to advanced technology and space travel are based on modern theory and ongoing scientific research. Representations of Earth’s geography are reasonably accurate, and historical references are closely aligned with real-world events.
Some narrative contains descriptions of visual display sequences. Each sequence starting point is indicated by (> > >) and its ending point by (# # #).

Prologue
One hundred billion stars populate our galaxy. Of their countless planets and moons, our best minds and most sophisticated technology estimate 25,000 might support life. No doubt, many of these host only the simplest of life forms. Intelligent life is another matter. Then there is the consideration of time. Intelligent life may exist on a planet for 100,000 years without a hint of technological advancement. Indeed, even if such progress does occur, it may only span a few hundred years, as technology, while exciting in concept, brings with it the potential for self-destruction. Considering the variables and potential threats, the odds of two habitable worlds existing within traveling distance of each other are infinitesimally small. That two such worlds would produce technological civilizations at the same time goes beyond odds or coincidence.
———————
Tau Ceti is a star not unlike our Sun, located near the center of the constellation Cetus. It boasts five planets, one of which revolves around the star at a distance similar to our planet Venus. Because Tau Ceti’s mass is 80 percent that of our Sun, and its radiation and brightness are only 55 percent by comparison, this planet (Portho) is right in the middle of the habitable zone. At five times Earth’s size, it has two moons, Marcova and Delda. Though Portho and its outer moon Delda are completely barren, Marcova, the inner moon, is a lush world of great beauty, teeming with life. Its mass is 20 percent greater than Earth’s, with water covering two-thirds of its surface. Three large and seven lesser continents make up its land masses. The inhabitants are physically, mentally, and emotionally identical to those of Earth, except in stature, averaging six inches taller in their respective genders.
Human life existed on Marcova for tens of thousands of years before the first stirrings of progress. It started with the creation of simple tools. During the 5,000 years that followed, progress was slow but steady. This period gave way to rapid industrialization. Nations became increasingly adept at waging war and soon ushered in the nuclear age. Much like Earth, arsenals grew at a menacing pace. Nations edged perilously close to conflict, at one point narrowly avoiding mutual annihilation. Following this scare, cooler minds pressed for binding treaties, and before long, national conflicts were a thing of the past.
The next 800 years brought remarkable change, with noteworthy advances in transportation, manufacturing, communication, and digital integration. Space travel began.
Medical and social fields also advanced. Genetic research virtually transformed the human condition. With consent of the population, scientists altered genes to remove violent tendencies, extend life expectancy, and eliminate most cancers and disease.
The civilization established a one-world order: one nation, one language. With cultural diversity greater than that of Earth, converting everyone to a common dialect should have been a tall order, however a neurotranslation device in the form of a miniature cranial implant already existed, enabling its host to understand and speak any known language. Adults without the device underwent the simple medical procedure and taught the language to the children. After one generation, the implants were no longer needed.
The language barrier was only a minor hurdle compared to what came later. With an increased life expectancy of 200 years, population growth eventually outpaced food production. The initial consensus of the Marcovan people was to limit the birth rate to one child per family. Later, when the population stabilized, this increased to two.
Soon, industrial byproducts began to degrade the air, land, and oceans. Breakthroughs came in water purification, biology, and power production. However, carbon dioxide continued to build in the atmosphere. Decades passed without a resolution, resulting in temperature extremes, violent weather, and vast devastation. The answer finally came in the form of a genetically engineered tree. The tree stood 12 feet high with a full canopy of bright green leaves. The leaf structure resembled a bellows, contracting at night to exchange carbon dioxide for oxygen at a normal rate (carbon cycle). However, in daylight, the leaves expanded to 10 times their normal surface area with a corresponding increase in the carbon cycle.
Having solved most threats to humanity, the civilization surged forward. Breakthroughs came in every area of human endeavor. The population became fascinated with aeronautics and space travel, investing great energy and resources.
Within a century, they had made multiple visits to Marcova’s sister moon, bringing back a wide variety of geological samples. One rather unremarkable clay-like specimen had passed from lab to lab without a significant finding until an overworked electrical engineer finally unlocked its secret. Half-asleep and leaning against her test bench, she applied a small positive charge to assess the sample’s conductivity. The result was immediate and startling. As she applied the charge, the sample’s mass increased exponentially, causing the heavy metal workbench to buckle and collapse.
Further tests showed the specimen’s mass varied directly with the positive charge. This discovery created great excitement, but nothing compared with the furor that erupted when the charge was reversed. As the negative charge increased, the sample’s mass dropped to zero and quickly headed into the mysterious realm of negative mass, causing the sample to shoot straight up off the bench and lodge itself in the ceiling.
Word of this new element (Gravium) spread like wildfire. Mining expeditions to Delda increased, and within a few decades, large amounts of the substance were in use on Marcova.
Gravium was a world-changer. Wherever employed: manufacturing, warehousing, transportation, or any other endeavor, it was a marvel to behold. When sandwiched between two rigid metal plates, and the appropriate charge applied, gravium easily levitated heavy loads.
The substance offered a two-fold benefit for space travel. Aeronautical engineers employed it as spacecraft underplating, applying a negative charge combined with engine thrust to achieve orbit. Then, once in orbit they reversed the charge to increase mass, thus providing artificial gravity for the crew.
Marcova’s sister moon provided one other element of note: Cyclonium. In early tests employing particle beam radiation, scientists found they could alter the atomic structure of the silvery metal to mimic other elements. Eventually the list of elements grew to include every element on their Periodic Table. Experts across the scientific community worked to exploit cyclonium’s unique capabilities, ultimately resulting in the creation of the Cyclic.
In its simplest form, the cyclic was a multi-stage replication device, capable of converting cyclonium into any known element or combination of elements. Incorporating 3D modeling, researchers first created simple objects: metal tools, machine parts, and construction materials. Over time, cyclic capabilities continued to expand, and eventually anything from a glass of water to sophisticated technical components were replicated. The only limiting factors were the size of the object to be copied, the amount of cyclonium on hand, and the size of the cyclic’s output chamber.
To the Marcovan’s great disappointment, the cyclic was unable to reproduce even the simplest of life-forms.
Gravium lifting platforms allowed for large-scale mining of both gravium and cyclonium, producing massive supplies of both elements and transforming the entire manufacturing process. Further enhancements included a recycling capability, making cyclonium the perfect renewable resource. The quality of life on Marcova took a marked leap forward as cyclic technology became an essential part of every household.
Six thousand years had passed since the creation of the first rudimentary tools, and although ventures into space were now commonplace and space-based research stations plentiful, conventional propulsion methods confined space travel to Marcova, Delda, and the mother planet, Portho.
One of many extraterrestrial pursuits involved the construction of a mammoth space telescope, built for a single purpose: the discovery of life beyond their solar system. Confining their search to the twenty-five nearest stars, astronomers had worked their way through two-thirds of the candidates when they pointed the massive mirrored array at our Sun, twelve light-years away. Following the initial assessment, all interest focused on one planet, which exhibited spectral characteristics similar to Marcova and orbited well within the habitable zone.
Upon completion of this project, a report was forwarded to the Marcovan Space Council. And while the report generated great excitement among the leadership, its findings also underscored one obvious deficiency—the inability to achieve the enormous speed necessary for interstellar travel.
Challenged but undaunted, the council tasked their propulsion experts to find an answer. The effort began with the reworking of old concepts. One spacecraft after another was assembled and tested above Marcova. Among the first, the solar sail concept consisted of a spacecraft tethered to a giant sail made of ultra-thin mirrors. The hope was that solar radiation pressure from Tau Ceti and other stars would eventually propel the craft forward with sufficient velocity to meet their needs. But, this was not to be. After several tests, mathematicians estimated the trip to Earth would take nine-thousand years.
Theories concerning black holes and other space-time bridges sparked some debate, but were abandoned when an extensive search of the solar system revealed no viable entities.
The most plausible theory called for enclosing the spacecraft in a distortion (energy) envelope. Negative mass combined with antimatter would create the envelope, causing the space in front of the ship to contract and the space behind to expand. The result: a very quick acceleration to light speed and beyond. A source for negative mass already existed in the form of gravium. In addition, scientists had created small quantities of antimatter plasma in the laboratory. The problem involved creating enough plasma to initiate the desired reaction. This led to the construction of a specialized nuclear test facility.
Thirty years and a multitude of failures later, a young prodigy, fresh out of school, proposed a theory—build a fusion reactor to create antimatter, then force the resulting plasma through an intricate tubular network in the ship’s hull, thus producing the field of antimatter needed to create the distortion envelope.
The reactor took four years to construct and three more years of exhaustive tests before the research team was ready for a field trial.
Design and construction of the prototype spacecraft took another 15 years, thus allowing additional time for engineering refinements on the reactor.
The ship was almond-shaped, with the aft wider than the front: 250 feet long, 125 feet wide, and 50 feet from top to bottom. The entire aft portion of the ship was dedicated to large conventional ion thrusters, intended for sub-light speed. A number of smaller radial thrusters, installed in key locations on the hull, provided maneuvering capability.
Sandwiched between the inner and outer hull was a complex matrix of glass-like tubing. Plasma from the fusion reactor flowing through this tubing would produce the antimatter needed for the negative mass/antimatter reaction. The ship’s gravium-lined underplating and outer edges were on separate circuits. The idea was to use the underplating for artificial gravity and the outer edges of the ship for the small amount of negative mass needed to initiate, shape, and control the distortion envelope around the hull.
The plan called for a ship’s complement of 55 crewmembers, which senior staff reduced to 15 for the trial run.
When the big day finally arrived, a shuttle ferried the crew up to the ship. Within an hour, the two reactors were online, and the test crew energized the remainder of the ship’s systems. There was excitement. There was nervousness. There was fear. There was hope of a new reality. With everyone strapped in, the captain gave the order to engage the sub-light thrusters.
A large multi-image display extended across the front of the ship’s bridge, providing a variety of external views for the crew. But for now, all eyes were on instrumentation.
The ship’s initial movement was barely noticeable. One of the engineers began to call out changes in velocity. “We’re away...50 knots—100—200—acceleration rate now 1 g and holding...400—700—1,000 knots.”
At 15 minutes into the mission and traveling at nearly 10,000 knots, the captain inquired about the status of the plasma field.
The nuclear engineer answered, “The field is at 100 percent.”
“Gentlemen, if you can, I want you to watch Marcova on the main display,” the captain said as he turned back to the helmsman. “Let’s bring the negative mass up to 10 percent and see what she’ll do. Take it slow.”
With the first movement of the light-speed throttle, the conventional thrusters disengaged.
Every person on board understood distortion envelope theory—how things were “supposed” to work. Even so, doubts and concerns remained. The possibility of crushing g-forces occupied most minds. However, to everyone’s amazement, all they noticed was the 1 g acceleration from the conventional thrusters had ceased, and Marcova was becoming noticeably smaller on the main display. The ship was moving at incredible speed, yet they felt no sensation whatsoever.
The propulsion engineer struggled to keep pace with the ship’s velocity. “Accelerating!” he called out. “Point one light speed—point three—point five.” The crew was dumbfounded. “Point eight—point eight-five...holding steady at point eight-seven.”
“That’s 10 percent,” the helmsman added.
Marcova receded quickly into the distance.
“Very well,” the captain said. “Hold it there.”
An exuberant discussion ensued. All systems were functioning properly. With no adverse physiological effects, they were moving at over three quarters the speed of light and only using 10 percent throttle.
Two hours passed as the crew reviewed data and checked their systems. After some dialogue, they decided to push the speed a little further before ending the outbound leg. 
So at the captain’s direction, the helmsman eased the throttle forward to 20 percent, propelling the ship right through the light barrier and beyond, finally settling in at 1.7 light-speed. The crew took time to consolidate data.
“Okay gentlemen,” the captain said. “Time to head back.” He allowed them a moment, then gave the order to initiate auto-braking.
The helmsman slowly reduced the throttle to zero and fired maneuvering thrusters to point the ship in the opposite direction. Once reoriented, the ship was still traveling at the same speed, but in reverse. The helmsman touched an icon on his console, and the light-speed throttle slowly moved forward to 5 percent. A smooth reduction in speed registered on his display, and the throttle once again began to decrease. Within minutes, their speed had reduced by half. The throttle continued its decrease until the ship slowed enough for conventional thrusters to take over. Fifteen minutes later, the ship came to a stop.
———————
Upon their return home, the crew received a hero’s welcome. Space exploration had just taken on an exciting new dimension.
Tests of the prototype “starship” continued for three years. During that time, engineers made several improvements, and the ship reached a number of performance limits; key among these being a maximum velocity of 10.2 light-speed.
Space travel expanded as test crews made visits to every planet in the solar system. Eventually the testing reached a point of diminishing returns. It was time for planning and dreaming.
A think-tank formed to develop a mission concept. Its goal—to discover life outside their solar system. With very little debate, the group concluded that Earth was the best prospect within a reasonable distance. Therefore, most deliberation involved the new ship’s design, crew configuration, and Earth exploration.
At 10.2 light-speed, the transit to Earth would take a little over a year. Mission planners based the ship’s length of stay on three criteria: Did they discover life? If so, how varied were the life forms? And if intelligent life did exist, how advanced was it? Under the most positive assumption—Earth possessed a civilization similar to Marcova’s—the crew would stay 50 years. With over two years spent in transit, planners felt the extended stay would provide a good return on investment without significant impact on the crew’s lifespan.
Regardless of the outcome, any news of discovery would be slow in coming. Under the best scenario (a 50-year stay), the first message from the ship would take twelve years to reach Marcova. On the other hand, if Earth were barren, the ship would return in three years.
The design phase for the exploration vessel took 10 years. The new ship was dubbed Earth Research Station One (ERS-1) and closely resembled the prototype ship, but much larger: 1,500 feet long, 900 feet wide, and 200 feet from top to bottom, including 11 decks.
Deck 1: Bridge, Conference Rooms, Executive Chambers
Deck 2: Operations (ops)
Deck 3: Key Personnel Quarters
Deck 4: Crew Quarters and Sports Complex
Deck 5: Work Centers
Deck 6: Work Centers, Water Supply and Purification
Deck 7: Agriculture (Oxygen/Nitrogen Production)
Deck 8: Agriculture (Food Production) and Propulsion
Deck 9: Launch Bay Personnel Quarters, Work Center, and Central Cyclic
Deck 10: Maintenance Work Center
Deck 11: Launch Bay and Equipment Storage
The launch bay measured 750 feet across, 220 feet deep, and 55 feet high. It supported three classes of landing craft ranging from 30 to 60 feet in length.
Construction crews assembled ERS-1 in orbit above Marcova. The ship was a modular design with most components made of cyclonium to allow for recycling of failed or damaged parts.
The outer surface of the upper hull consisted of interconnecting panels, one for each workspace and living quarters on the upper decks. These liquid crystal panels, composed of hardened polymer, provided three functions: an excellent overhead light source, a clear view of the heavens, or when set to “opaque,” a completely dark environment. For the trip to Earth, these panels were covered with a multi-layered encasement. This interlocking shell contained the plasma tube matrix needed to achieve light speed. The plan called for its removal and storage upon reaching Earth.
The lower hull, a flat black alloy, contained the remainder of the plasma tube matrix.
The two largest decks were dedicated to agriculture and required a massive amount of soil to grow the food and trees necessary for life support. To achieve this, space systems engineers constructed gravium barges to lift 100 by 200-foot sealed modules of Marcova’s finest topsoil. Once in space, crews maneuvered the modules into place and secured them within the ship’s superstructure, removing the rigid lids and leaving dust covers to contain the soil until construction was complete and artificial gravity applied.
ERS-1 was over twenty-two years in construction. Systems tests, modifications, and crew selection required another year and a half.
Landing craft construction and testing took place on Marcova, as did the manufacturing of most other components.
Meanwhile, mission personnel turned their attention to Earth exploration. Understandably, no subject received more attention than the possible discovery of intelligent life. The group debated endlessly over mission objectives. Under what circumstances should the crew attempt formal contact? Should they share technology, and if so, how much?
Eventually they reached the consensus that whether intelligent life existed or not, the initial Earth mission would be for observation and research only—no formal contact. Any expeditions to the surface were to be restricted to uninhabited areas.
With the testing and adjustment phase drawing to a close, the crew made preparations to get ERS-1 underway.
The plan called for an initial crew of 400, with 500 rooms set aside as crew quarters. The rooms were spacious, averaging 40 by 40 feet with 12-foot ceilings. Mission planners offered key personnel the option to bring immediate family: If married, spouse and children, or if single, parents and siblings. Planners assumed some crewmembers would marry and their children would eventually fill most of the remaining quarters.
Shortly before launch, the ship’s operations (ops) division dispatched landing craft to pick up the crew. Once back onboard, the landing craft were stowed and the crew assembled in the main hall on Deck 4 where they received quarters assignments and reported for duty.
With everyone in place, power-plant engineers boosted the reactors to 80 percent, and work centers brought their systems online. Soon, the pre-departure checklist was complete. It was Earth-year 803 AD.
———————
One year and 3 months later, the helmsman slipped ERS-1 into a semi-synchronous orbit 12,500 nautical miles above Earth. Expectations were high. On their final approach, just before auto-braking, forward-looking sensors had detected promising signs of life. In addition to deep blue oceans and weather patterns, they had seen green patches on many of the landmasses.
The ship buzzed with activity. Ops pointed low magnification sensors at the surface below. Imagery started coming in, and displays came alive throughout the ship. The crew expected to see some signs of life, but not to this extent. Trees and plant-life were lush, abundant, and in great variety. Water was everywhere: rivers, lakes, and inland seas. Many of the crew felt as if they were looking down on Marcova.
Before long, ops shifted to high magnification equipment, and amazing imagery of animal-life began to come in. Then, the monumental discovery they had all hoped for: shelters, structures, and the presence of human-like life forms. Villages, towns, and cities dotted the continents below. Communications personnel quickly sent a message off to Marcova, including the initial imagery of Earth.
Activity onboard reached fever pitch as data poured in from the sensors. Space imaging and satellite technicians working with launch bay personnel readied over 180 surveillance satellites for deployment. Once operational, the satellites formed a network of sensors around the earth, later known as the Global Imaging System (G.I.S.).
Each satellite housed a sophisticated array of active and passive sensing technologies capable of structural penetration; whether metal, earth, or rock. The system produced high-quality 3D imagery and audio of targeted locations, which was routed to holographic displays throughout the ship.
The ops division was responsible for analyzing the status of Earth’s civilization. It was 804 AD. Barbarism ruled the day. The level of violence and mayhem shocked the crew. The fact that Marcova had also experienced a feudal age made little difference. Nearly everyone struggled with the troubling scenes playing out on the surface below.
Earth observation requirements quickly overwhelmed the ops division. Eventually the entire crew shared the load. Education personnel conducted training in observation and historical documentation, dividing geographic regions among the crew. Nearly a month was needed for the ship’s language translators to learn Earth’s dialects. Once complete, the task of formal observation began.
Soon, medical and biological teams ventured earthward to collect samples. Having witnessed the devastating effects of the plague and other viruses on Earth’s population, the first priority was to protect the crew. Marcovan zoologists collected small animals to study their resistance to disease. The resulting vaccines paved the way for other types of expeditions.
Earth offered a rich assortment of exploration sites far from human populations. Everyone from archaeologist to oceanographer was excited at the prospect of discovery. Landing craft soon ventured out several times each day ferrying teams and equipment to and from locations all over the planet. Lab technicians analyzed samples and cataloged findings. Archivists gathered and edited large volumes of imagery, eventually merging all data into one massive chronicle of Marcova’s first mission to Earth.
ERS-2 entered Earth orbit in 854 AD. After two months of overlap, ERS-1 departed for home.
For the crew of ERS-1, their time away had yielded a mountain of discoveries. But of all the samples, specimens, and imaged documents, nothing had greater impact on the Marcovan people than a unique collection of scrolls found among Earth’s spiritual manuscripts. These scrolls described a Supreme Being named Yahweh and His dealings with Israel, a small nation in the Eastern Mediterranean region. Later manuscripts gave accounts of Yahweh’s Son, Jesus Christ, and the men who followed Him. Most amazingly, they told of His sacrificial death and resurrection. Though many of the crew viewed these writings as foolishness, to others the words brought amazement and great joy. Initially, only a handful of the crew professed belief in Christ. Then others, seeing remarkable changes in these few, also embraced the Christian faith. By the time the ship returned home, nearly one-third of the crew were professing Christians. Many felt that Yahweh had drawn them to Earth for no other purpose than to receive His “Good News” and bring it back to their home world. In the centuries that followed, these spiritual manuscripts captured hearts all over Marcova...so much so that by the time ERS-23 departed Marcova in Earth-year 1932, Christianity was the most prominent Marcovan faith.

CHAPTER 1
The senior council meeting had droned on well beyond the norm. As Captain Argon expected, the last item on the agenda produced a heated discussion between Dr. Stratford, chief medical officer, and Doc Socal, senior zoologist.
Intelligent, dedicated, and personable, Dr. Ariel Stratford, at 38, was the youngest of the senior council. He attained his position following the medical retirement of his predecessor, Doc Raphin. For a Marcovan, Ari was average in height at 6 foot 5 inches, with striking pale blue eyes and thick sand-colored hair.
As a senior council member, his uniform varied somewhat from others in his vocation. His tunic, in addition to the deep blue color of other medical personnel, displayed a magnificent field of stars across the shoulders and a small silver mission badge on his upper chest. The right side of his mock turtleneck bore four perfect one-carat diamonds in a compact horizontal row.
Though Dr. Stratford was usually pleasant and considerate, ongoing personal issues and Doc Socal’s abrasive attitude tested his patience.
“Look, Ari,” Doc Socal complained, irritated, “we’ve been working in the Phoenix Islands five years now. Your people and earlier Earth missions have been over those islands with a fine-toothed comb. Sure, they found a few bugs, but nothing serious. Besides, we’re all inoculated.”
“Yes, however that research was confined to the three southern islands,” Ari clarified. “We’re talking about a new island here. I’ve looked through the archives, and there is no record of any visit to Birnie.”
With an indignant look, Doc Socal said, “My word, Doc, these are just coral atolls here, and Birnie’s less than a hundred miles from Orona. How much more dangerous can it be?”
“I understand what you’re saying,” Ari said, trying to remain calm. “And if circumstances were different, I’d have little problem with this. However, you neglected to mention that Birnie is a densely populated nesting habitat for a wide variety of sea birds, not to mention a few species of rodents. And for those of this council who are unaware, birds and rats are known disease-carriers. If one or all of your team should fall prey to a new virus, there is little chance we’d be able to produce an effective drug in time to save them. We’ve already lost five people this way, including two of our senior staff.” Ari paused. “Look, we’re going to be here for another thirty-five years. Just give us two weeks to collect samples and run some tests.”
Seeing support for Ari in the faces around the table, Doc Socal backed down and accepted the inevitable.
Captain Argon took advantage of the temporary lull to offer some closing comments and adjourned the meeting.
Ari rose from his seat, stowed his interface tablet, and joined others making their way out of the conference room. He paused to speak with the senior counselor, then headed for the medical bay, stopping by the psych division to see Doc Walt Maran, one of a few under-counselors.
Walt was showing a patient out when Ari arrived. “And to what do I owe this honor?” he jested.
“Not to worry,” Ari said, smiling, “—just a social visit.”
Doc Maran was tall, even for a Marcovan. Almost a head taller than Ari, his voice was deep and resonant; his social skills, exceptional—two qualities that made him well suited to his calling.
Referring to Ari’s case study, Walt asked, “So how’s Adie these days? Last time we talked she wasn’t feeling very well; touch of the flu, as I recall.”
———————
Marcovan observation methods had changed over time. Earth’s geographic regions were no longer divided among the crew. While this method afforded a reasonable assessment of geopolitical activities, it provided little insight into the people of Earth or their cultures. Consequently, Earth research missions tested a number of observation methods, but in the end, the “case study” approach proved most effective. Under this concept, the ops division assigned crewmembers to observe the life of a single individual within a culture. First, ops personnel sought out and compiled a list of prospects. Then, based on seniority, crewmembers selected a culture. Ari, as key personnel, was among the first and chose the Hebrew culture, feeling naturally drawn to the root of his faith.
International events and geopolitical activities were still of great interest but were now the sole responsibility of the ops division.
———————
“She’s better,” Ari replied. “Thanks for asking—still worried about her, though.”
“Something happen?”
Ari shook his head. “Not really, it’s just, she never seems to get a break.”
“How’s that?”
“You know...a Jewish Christian in a Jewish community—makes life difficult. She has people all around her, but she feels completely alone. And to top it off, her commune couldn’t have picked a more dangerous location for a settlement—right next to the Syrian border.” Ari stopped himself. “You know, you really shouldn’t get me started.”
“Sorry old boy; should have picked a different subject.”
“Forget it…. Anyway, I came by to see if you’re coming to the chapel fellowship tomorrow night.”
“You bet,” said Walt, “wouldn’t miss it.”
“I think Katie’s going to sing for us,” Ari said. “It should be a good time.”
A middle-aged crewman entered the waiting room and checked in with Walt’s assistant.
“Look, I don’t want to keep you,” Ari said. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Walt shook Ari’s hand. “Looking forward to it.”

CHAPTER 2
Ari saw three patients that morning, beginning with a minor emergency—a bio technician in the field research bay had been bitten by one of the primates. After treating the wound and applying tissue stimulation, Ari asked the crewman to return the next day. The other two appointments were routine physicals, the first of which went quickly. The second involved a landing craft pilot.
Merrick Borgan stood six and a half feet tall with a powerful physique. He was strikingly handsome with bright green eyes and close-cropped hair. Physically, Merrick was in perfect condition, something Ari had come to expect of that career group. However, Ari couldn’t help noticing that the man seemed troubled. “Something bothering you?” Ari asked. “You look a little downhearted.”
Merrick was hesitant to answer. “Oh, I don’t know...just been in a bit of a rut, I guess.”
“And how long’s this been going on?”
“Actually, for a while now…. Every trip to the surface I’m reminded how much time has passed since we arrived here. It’s 1948 down there—15 years in orbit and 35 more before we see home. Now, don’t get me wrong, the job is great. It’s just...when I look back on some of the choices I’ve made—”
“Personal choices?”
Merrick nodded. “Anyway, I just feel like something’s missing.”
Ari was beginning to feel that Merrick might do better speaking with a counselor or the ship’s chaplain, but out of courtesy, he let him go on.
“A few of the people I work with are Christians,” Merrick said. “They appear to be—I don’t know—content; full of life, genuine life, not a façade like others I know. They seem like people I’d enjoy being around, but the whole Christian thing sounds a little scary…. You’re a Christian, aren’t you, Doc?”
“I am.”
“Are you happy?”
“Very...though my life isn’t perfect. I have some down days, like anyone else. I guess the difference is, there’s always someone I can turn to...and I find peace in that.”
Merrick dropped his gaze to the floor. “Well, something’s got to change.... I guess if there’s one lesson I’ve learned in all of this, it’s that man can’t live on technology alone...not any kind of meaningful life, anyway.” Looking once again at Ari, he added, “I hope you don’t mind. I just needed to talk to someone about it, someone I could trust. When I heard you were a Christian, I thought, ‘Hey, if I can’t trust the Doc, then who can I trust?’”
Amazed at Merrick’s openness, Ari said, “No problem... Listen, I get off at 1600. Would you like to stop by my quarters at, say, 1630?”
The invitation lifted Merrick’s spirits. “Thank you, I would. That’s very kind.”
The conversation concluded, and Merrick left for the launch bay.

CHAPTER 3
Ari approached his display, hoping to look in on Adie before Merrick arrived. A voice-directed interface controlled the device and most automation in his quarters. As with others of the crew, he had assigned the interface a unique name in order to avoid confusion.
“Zoey, let’s check on Adie.”
>>>
The display came to life showing Adie in the kitchen, helping the cook with the evening meal. Pertinent information scrolled across the top of the display.
Case Study: Adina (Adie) Behr // Location: 33°14’32.41” N  35°40’25.66” E // Elevation: 986 ft // Northern Israel - Chabar Kibbutz - Central Kitchen // Earth Date: March 14, 1948 - Local Time: 1817 //
The scrolling completed and disappeared.
The cook was a rather cranky middle-aged woman who had clearly consumed her fill of criticism and impatience.
Adie wore a khaki outfit with shirtsleeves rolled up just above her elbows. Her pistol, always within reach, was holstered at her side, a necessary precaution against the constant Syrian threat. She pulled a steaming potato from a pot and began peeling. Ari had often marveled at how much she enjoyed serving others, always with a kind word and a smile.
One of the guards poked his head through the back door. “When’s dinner?” he yelled.
With her back to the guard, the cook retorted, “You’ll get it when you get it!”
The guard looked at Adie for clarification.
Using a hand gesture and mouthing the words, Adie said, “One hour.”
As Ari watched them exchange smiles and the guard depart, a small window popped up in the corner of his display showing Merrick standing just outside his entrance.

CHAPTER 4
“Zoey, shut down the display and open the door,” Ari said as he rose to show Merrick in.
A string of lights across the top of the threshold winked out, and the opaque barrier disappeared. Ari offered a cordial greeting, and Merrick stepped in.
“Can I get you anything?”
“A glass of water would be great,” Merrick said, taking a moment to look around while Ari went to the kitchen. “You know, I’ve only visited this deck a few times. These quarters are extraordinary.”
“It’s been quite a blessing,” Ari agreed with raised voice.
Merrick’s eyes drifted to the still image display on the far wall. “Is this your case study?”
“Yes, that’s Adie—kind of a family history,” Ari called out from the kitchen.
 A variety of images covered the wall, ranging in width from 12 to 36 inches.
“Well, she’s beautiful, and that’s no exaggeration.”
“Yes, and just as beautiful inside as out.”
“These images—where is she? Were they all recorded in the same country?”
“She’s lived in several places: the United States, Germany, Hungary, Spain, and now Israel,” Ari said, returning with drinks.
“How in the world did you draw a female for a case study? Doesn’t Ops frown on mixed gender arrangements?”
Ari handed Merrick a drink. “Actually, they do; however, Adie wasn’t my first...this little fellow was,” he said, pointing to one of the images. “That’s Joshua, her younger brother. Sadly, he died only two years after I started the study…. Anyway, I liked the family and managed to persuade ops to transfer the study to Adie. She was seven years old at the time. I’m sure my medical background had something to do with the approval.” Ari paused momentarily and said, “You know, Adie’s a completed Jew.”
“Oh—I’m not sure what that means.”
“Well, she’s a Hebrew, born and raised in the Jewish faith, but believes in Jesus Christ as her Messiah.”
“And how did that happen?”
“Quite amazing, actually. It happened a few years ago when she and 2,000 other refugees left Spain for Israel...not exactly a pleasure cruise though. On the way, the British government diverted their ship to a relocation camp in Cyprus. Then, when they arrived, they found 3,000 others already there waiting to enter Israel.
“Wow, five thousand—that’s a lot to manage.”
“Indeed, though I was impressed they took time to give everyone a medical exam.”
Merrick raised an eyebrow. “Well at least they thought of healthcare.”
Ari acknowledged with a frown. “Unfortunately that’s where Adie learned of her diabetes.”
 “Hmm...,” Merrick said, sympathizing.
“She had been complaining about fatigue for some time—couldn’t seem to get enough to drink...and I noticed her injuries were slow to heal…. Anyway, during one of her visits to the clinic, she met a young woman named Neta, a Jewish Christian. As it turned out, they were a lot alike, and over time they grew very close.”
“Jewish Christian,” Merrick said. “Is that the same as a completed Jew?”
Ari nodded. “Anyway, Neta tried her best to help Adie accept Jesus, without success. Finally, she enlisted the help of a minister who was also a Jewish Christian. He stopped by one evening and spent several hours with Adie, going over passages in the Old Testament—prophesies concerning the Messiah.” Ari paused. “Are you familiar with the Bible?”
“A little. My mom’s a Christian.”
“Then do you understand that Jews don’t accept the New Testament?”
“Why is that?”
“Because their faith is based on the law and the prophets of the Old Testament. The New Testament reveals Jesus Christ as the Messiah, and they don’t accept that. They’re still waiting for their Messiah.”
Ari went on to explain how Adie, after several hours of questions and conversation, had become so convinced and convicted, that she was moved to embrace Christ as her savior. Ari watched Merrick’s reaction.
“Quite a story,” Merrick remarked.
“Yep, sure made my day…. So, would you mind if I show you a few passages in the Bible?”
As Merrick listened, Ari began to read scripture that spoke of repentance, forgiveness, and salvation, concluding with Revelation 3:20, Christ’s invitation to the lost.
“Well, there you have it,” Ari said. “My story’s a little different from Adie’s. I became a Christian when I was very young. Other people I know didn’t believe until they were much older, but from my experience, the earlier, the better. It’s certainly the best decision I ever made.”
Their conversation continued for over an hour, ending with Merrick’s heartfelt prayer and profession of faith.
“What a blessing!” Ari said, elated. “I really am happy for you.”
“Amazing...,” Merrick said. “When I was praying, I had this warm feeling inside…. Is that normal?”
Ari smiled. “Salvation seems to affect people in different ways. I’ve heard others say that, though…. Listen, we’re having a fellowship at the chapel tomorrow evening. Would you like to join us?”
“Love to, but I’m taking a team down to the surface tomorrow. Maybe I can make the next one.”
The two men walked to the door. The barrier opened, and Merrick stepped out.
“How about the first worship service this Sunday, then?” Ari said. “I normally attend the later one with my family, but I have a meeting.”
“Of course,” Merrick said. “I’ll be there.” He shook Ari’s hand and departed.
———————
Following the Sunday service, on their way out of the chapel, Merrick turned to Ari. “You know, I really felt at home in there,” he said of the service.
Ari returned the wave of three passing crewmen and said, “It does me good to hear that…. Listen, how would you like to come over for lunch? I have a few people I want you to meet.”
“Love to. Who’s coming?”
“It’s a surprise,” Ari said, grinning.

CHAPTER 5
They exited the lift at Deck 3 and walked down the central corridor to Ari’s quarters. The entrance sensor identified Ari and dismissed the barrier.
“That meeting I was talking about the other day has been canceled,” Ari said. “It seems I’m free for the afternoon, so if you’re interested, I thought we might watch a movie a little later.”
The barrier closed behind them.
“You know, I’d enjoy that,” Merrick said.
———————
The recreation department regularly recorded movies via the observation satellites. They found the entertainment a boost for morale, though some of the crew had adopted the sometimes comical practice of injecting movie dialogue into conversation.
———————
“There are visitors at the door,” Zoey advised.
“Uh-oh...brace yourself,” Ari said. “We’re about to be invaded.”
“Huh?”
“You’ll see…. Zoey, let them in.”
The barrier disappeared, and two little girls dashed into the room. In excited and elevated voices, they exclaimed, “Ari, Ari, where have you—?“ They stopped mid-sentence when they caught sight of Merrick.
Jennie, after a brief recovery, softened her voice. “Who is he?”
“This is my friend, Merrick.”
Merrick was astonished. “Are these yours?”
Ari smiled. “I’m afraid I’ll have to claim them.”
“Ari!” Jennie chided, embarrassed.
“You didn’t tell me you were married,” Merrick said.
“I’m not. This is Jennie, and this is Claire—my sisters.”
“Wow! You’re just full of surprises…. Identical twins?”
“Yep.”
———————
Claire and Jennie Stratford were sweet-spirited 5-year-olds and closely bonded to their brother. Except for the small beauty mark on Claire’s left cheek, telling them apart was impossible. They lived with parents Brent and Rose at the opposite end of the corridor near the lifts.
———————
Merrick, aware of his size, came down on one knee as the girls shyly approached. He reached out and tenderly took Claire’s hand. “And you are?” he said, in his most charming voice.
“Claire.”
He kissed the back of her hand. “I am honored to meet you, Claire.” After greeting Jennie in the same way, he rose to his feet.
Claire leaned over and whispered into her sister’s ear loud enough to hear, “He looks like a prince.”
“We think you’re a prince. Are you a prince?” Jennie asked respectfully.
“No, M’lady, I’m but a humble pilot.”
“Oh, how exciting,” Claire said, tugging on Ari’s arm. As he bent down, she cupped her hands and whispered into his ear. “He’s handsome! Is he really a pilot? He seems like a prince.”
“No, sweetheart, he’s telling you the truth.”
While Claire had Ari’s attention, Jennie was smiling intently at Merrick.
“What is it, M’lady?” he asked.
“Lift me,” she said, raising her arms.
Merrick leaned down and scooped her up, setting her against his hip. Jennie reached up and softly touched his face, looking sweetly into his eyes. “Beautiful, so beautiful.”
The child’s innocent kindness and warm expression caused Merrick’s eyes to well up, and a tear coursed down his cheek.
Surprised, Jennie took a quick breath. “You’re sad,” she said, tenderly wiping away the tear and hugging his neck. “It’s okay.”
Ari gently rubbed Jennie’s head. “Sweetheart, haven’t you heard of happy tears? I don’t think Mr. Merrick is sad. He’s just not used to someone loving on him.”
Merrick finally found his voice. “My, my, my...what lovely young ladies; you sure do know how to make a visitor feel welcome.”
“Do you know Jesus?” Jennie asked unexpectedly.
“Well, as a matter of fact, I do,” he replied.
“Then you’re not a visitor...you’re family! Isn’t that right, Ari?”
“Yes, Jennie, that’s exactly right.”
“Let’s play a game,” Claire announced.
Merrick set Jennie down and watched the two girls dash into the living area.
Ari glanced at Merrick and grinned. “I did warn you.”
“That you did,” Merrick said, laughing. “That you did.”
“Come on, Ari,” Jennie insisted.
Ari and Merrick made their way into the living area.
“What are we playing?” Ari asked.
“We want Monopoly!” the girls chimed in unison.
“Monopoly?” Ari complained. “That game’s awfully long. Remember, you two are going to church in an hour.”
“It’s okay. We can finish it later when Mr. Merrick comes over again.”
“All right, all right,” Ari said in surrender. “Zoey, set up Monopoly on the display table, and lower it for the girls.” The telescoping pedestal under the table retracted to an appropriate height, and four stools rose from hidden compartments in the floor. “Jennie, why don’t you get the pieces? I’ll take the battleship. Merrick, what’s your pleasure?”
“The race car for me,” Merrick replied.
Jennie skipped over to the cyclic. “Zoey, I want four gold monopoly pieces, please: a ship, a car, a thimble, and a dog. Oh, and we need two dice, too.” An opaque barrier formed over the cyclic opening, then disappeared. Jennie reached in and retrieved the playing pieces, returning to find Claire standing very close to Merrick. “Can I stand with Mr. Merrick, too?” she asked Ari.
“There’s plenty of room,” Ari replied. “You can stand on the other side of Mr. Merrick.”
As the game progressed, Jennie and Claire would move to their playing position for their turn, then return to stand beside Merrick.
The hour passed quickly. When the Stratfords came for the girls, Ari introduced them to Merrick, and after a brief but cordial conversation, wished them well and sent them on their way.
The barrier closed, and Merrick took a deep breath. “My word, those two are a force of nature! Now, don’t get me wrong. Of all the experiences I’ve had on this voyage, that had to be the sweetest. They’re adorable!”
“It was nice to see you relax and enjoy yourself,” Ari said; “and as for the twins, well, you definitely got their attention.”
“So...what movie did you have in mind?” Merrick asked.
Ari thought for a moment. “You know, I invited you over for lunch. Aren’t you hungry?”
“Famished!” Merrick replied.
“Well, why don’t we go ahead and eat? Then, instead of a movie, I thought I might show you a little of Adie’s history. I’ve been putting together some imagery to show you later, but I have plenty for today, if you’re interested.”
“Absolutely, let’s do that.”

CHAPTER 6
After lunch, Ari offered Merrick a seat in front of the main display.
“These first sequences are of Adie’s childhood...kind of an introduction. When we’re done, if you want to continue, I’ll put some more together for your next visit.
“No doubt you’ll find some of these earlier sequences quite enjoyable. However, other events, later in her life, are troubling, even disturbing...just fair warning.”
“I’d be honored to see whatever you suggest,” Merrick said.
“Okay then...we’ll get started.” Ari recycled the Monopoly pieces and returned to the display. “Zoey, stow the game table, and bring up the main display. Cue the imagery I compiled of Adie.”
The display lit up, showing an exterior view of the Behrs’ mansion in Berlin.
“Adie came from a wealthy family, by Earth’s standards,” Ari began. “Her father was a very successful jeweler.
“Okay, Zoey, run it.”
> > >
“I thought we might start with a walk-through of the mansion. What you’re hearing in the background is Adie playing piano. This was recorded in the first year of the case study, a few months after the death of her brother.”
The wide view showed a large stately mansion, complete with drive-through portico in front and a driveway running out to a brick entrance on the west end of the property. The field of view began to shift to the right, taking in the chauffeur’s quarters, garage, and east entrance a quarter mile away.
The point of view shifted to the front door and moved through the entrance, passing a cloakroom on the left and a bathroom on the right. Then, after three steps up, the room opened into a long reception hall, stretching to the back of the house. A grand stairway started to the right, curved back toward the entrance, and circled upward in a wide, ascending spiral, ending at the third floor. The lofty ceilings on the first floor gave the rooms a grand appearance.
Through an archway to the left of the main hall was a spacious living room with two massive crystal chandeliers. At the back of this room to the left was the sunroom entrance.
Returning to the reception hall, the next room on the left was devoted to music. Adie and her mother were sitting at one of two grand pianos that faced each other in the center of the room. The space was lavishly appointed, as were most rooms on the first floor.
———————
Tall and slender, with light brown hair and deep blue eyes, Mrs. Behr was an attractive woman in her mid-thirties. Her work with the New York Philharmonic had earned her international status as a concert pianist, a reputation that continued to build after her arrival in Berlin.
———————
“Okay, let’s give that piece another try,” Mrs. Behr said.
Adie straightened her posture and began a sweet rendition of “Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star.”
The last room on the left was a small lounge.
Directly across the reception hall, on the right side of the house, was a larger lounge. At its center and surrounded by plentiful seating was a magnificent table displaying a beautiful set of porcelain figurines.
Returning to the reception hall and moving back toward the front entrance, the point of view turned left into a narrow passageway. A short distance down this passage on the right was an entrance to the main dining room, followed by a small kitchen dining area, and then the back staircase. Beyond the staircase, the passage continued a short distance and ended at the kitchen, where the cook, one of four servants, was busy preparing the evening meal.
The scene transitioned to the second floor. The master bedroom was on the left, with its adjoining sitting room where the family often gathered around the large console radio. To the right and down the corridor was the library on the left, followed by the study, where Mr. Behr sat bent over a large desk, holding a double-lens magnifying glass. Before him were four rows of glistening diamonds on a blue velvet cloth.
———————
Mr. Behr was a pleasant, middle-aged gentleman who dressed impeccably. His dark, wavy hair had a gray streak in front, which when combed back gave him a most distinguished appearance.
———————
Merrick glanced at Ari. “Do you mind if I ask a question?”
Ari paused the imagery.
“I assume that’s Adie’s father,” Merrick said, gesturing toward the display. “What’s he doing?” 
“I believe he’s grading stones for the diamond market,” Ari replied. “Mr. Behr was a respected gemologist, not only in Germany, but in several other countries, including the United States.”
“And what happens to the gems when he’s done?”
“They’re sold on the diamond market, based on his evaluation. When merchants see his signature on the certificates, they know they can trust the rating.”
“Didn’t you say the Behr’s used to live in the United States?” Merrick asked.
“Yes, that’s where they lived when I started the case study,” Ari replied.
“But he’s a Hebrew. Why would he want to move his family from the safety of the United States to Germany, of all places?”
Ari acknowledged Merrick’s point. “Actually, Mr. Behr grew up in Germany. He learned the trade from his father, a respected gemologist with a very successful jewelry business. When the younger Mr. Behr completed his schooling, his father sent him to the United States to set up his own business and act as a liaison between the European and American diamond markets. Several years later, when Mr. Behr senior passed away, Adie’s father returned with his family to Berlin and assumed control of the family business. Sadly, Mr. Behr’s mother, Adie’s grandmother, died just a few years later.”
“So, Adie’s father had no idea what was coming?” Merrick asked, “...the Nazis, I mean.”
Ari shook his head. “The family arrived in 1934. The Nazi party was just starting its rise to power.”
> > >
The sequence ended in Adie’s bedroom, where pearl white walls combined with diffused window light to produce a delightfully cheery atmosphere. A canopy of white pleated draperies hung above the bed—its covering, a pale blue spread with intricate white embroidery.
# # #
“I just wanted you to see Adie’s room before we moved on,” Ari explained. “The other three bedrooms on this floor were set aside for visitors.”
“My word,” Merrick said. “I’ve seen enough Earth homes to know that this is about as good as it gets. I assume they did a lot of entertaining.”
“Yes, indeed! It was a big part of their life. With Mr. Behr being a prominent businessman and his wife a famous pianist, they were quite a social family. Of course, all of that ended with the war.”

CHAPTER 7
> > >
In the small lounge on the first floor, Adie rested comfortably in her mother’s arms listening to her favorite of Grimm’s Fairy Tales: “Snow-White and Rose-Red.” Mrs. Behr had a wonderful gift for applying individuality to each character, and as always, Adie was captivated. She looked up at her mother as the story neared its end. Mrs. Behr paused for a moment to kiss her daughter’s forehead and then continued reading.

As they crossed the heath again on their way home, they surprised the dwarf, who had emptied out his bag of precious stones in a clean spot, and had not thought that anyone would come there so late. The evening sun shone upon the brilliant stones; they glittered and sparkled with all colours so beautifully that the children stood still and stared at them. ‘Why do you stand gaping there?’ cried the dwarf, and his ashen-gray face became copper-red with rage. He was still cursing when loud growling was heard, and the black bear came trotting towards them out of the forest. The dwarf sprang up in a fright, but he could not reach his cave, for the bear was already close. Then in the dread of his heart he cried: ‘Dear Mr. Bear, spare me, I will give you all my treasures; look, the beautiful jewels lying there: Grant me my life; what do you want with such a slender little fellow as I? You would not feel me between your teeth. Come, take these two wicked girls, they are tender morsels for you, fat as young quails; for mercy’s sake eat them!’ The bear took no heed of his words, but gave the wicked creature a single blow with his paw, and he did not move again.
The girls had run away, but the bear called to them: ‘Snow-white and Rose-red, do not be afraid; wait, I will come with you.’ Then they recognized his voice and waited, and when he came up to them suddenly his bearskin fell off, and he stood there a handsome man, clothed all in gold. ‘I am a king’s son,’ he said, ‘and I was bewitched by that wicked dwarf, who had stolen my treasures; I have had to run about the forest as a savage bear until I was freed by his death. Now he has got his well-deserved punishment.’
Snow-white was married to him, and Rose-red to his brother, and they divided between them the great treasure which the dwarf had gathered together in his cave.

When her mother finished the story, Adie asked, “Mama, do you think I will marry a prince?”
Mrs. Behr gave the question some thought and said, “Well, my love, there just aren’t many princes to be had these days. But I hope you would marry out of love, and not because of the young man’s station in life.”
“Then, how will I know which one is the right one?”
“You will just know. You will feel it in your heart. But when the feeling does come, be sure you know the young man’s character. Is he worthy of your respect? Does he have a temper? Is he honest? Is he kind—happy—loyal? These are all things we have raised you to be. If you find someone with these qualities, I think you will have done everything you can to make a happy future. Just remember...marry for love, whether he’s a lawyer, a doctor, or even a handsome jeweler like your father.”
“Oh, Mama….”
# # #
“Adie is really quite charming,” Merrick commented. “What a joy she must have been for her family.”
Ari nodded in agreement. “She loved them dearly, especially her father.”
Merrick thought for a moment. “I wonder if she likes that story because the jewels remind her of her father.”
“You know, I never noticed that.”
“What an unusual story, though—I find it curious that a bear could speak.”
Ari smiled. “Well, it’s a fairy tale. You can do whatever you wish in a fairy tale.”

CHAPTER 8
“This next sequence happened later that same year during Hanukkah,” Ari said, “when Adie’s aunt and uncle visited from America.”
———————
Uncle Leonard was a large, barrel-chested man with rosy cheeks and a deep voice. His contagious laugh could light up a room and everyone in it. Aunt Joyce, by comparison, was kind-hearted, subdued, and very attentive to her children: five-year-old Max and his sister, Esther, a precocious eight.
> > >
The scene began a half-hour before dinner. Uncle Leonard called all the children into the small lounge and suggested a game of Hide-and-Seek to work up an appetite for the “splendid” duck dinner.
“But Daddy, I’m too old for such things,” Esther pleaded. “Can’t I play the piano instead?”
“Don’t be silly,” her father said. “Look at this grand house. Think of all the lovely hiding places. Come on now—let’s have some fun.” After laying down the ground-rules, Uncle Leonard dispatched the children to go look for hiding places, and covering his eyes, he started counting. Within a minute he was nearly finished. “—forty-eight, forty-nine, FIFTY!” he thundered. “Ready or not, here I come!” Uncle Leonard picked up a lounge pillow, balanced it on his head, and began making loud scary noises like a monster. “Ha, ha, ha...Ho, ho, ho...I’m coming! I wonder where they are! I’m going to find you—look out!” His bellowing brought a whole new dimension to the game.
Adie took up a position under the skirt of the display table in the main lounge. Though she knew it was all a game, she trembled with excitement at the sound of her uncle’s deep, menacing voice. She laid down flat on the carpet and peeked out from under the table skirt just in time to see Uncle Leonard enter the room, still thundering loudly. Seeing the pillow on his head was more than she could take, and she started to giggle.
Uncle Leonard pretended not to hear and began to look around the room. He finally came to a stop in front of Adie’s hiding place, making sure both of his feet protruded under the table skirt. “I wonder where they are!” he called out in a booming voice.
Adie was beside herself, holding her hand tightly over her mouth; her giggling, now out of control. To her amazement, Uncle Leonard turned and slowly plodded out of the room, still bellowing as he receded down the corridor toward the kitchen. Over the next several minutes, she heard screams from both cousins, causing her to tremble all the more.
Uncle Leonard quietly returned to the room where Adie was hiding, Max and Esther in tow. Leaving his children at the door to watch, he slowly approached the table, got on his knees and bent down. Then, with amazing speed, he lifted the skirt and yelled a bone-chilling, “BOO!”
Adie screamed as her uncle took hold of her, rolled over on his back, and pulled her close, making loud monster sounds as he rocked her back and forth. Adie was clearly having the time of her life. After a moment, Uncle Leonard stopped abruptly and said, “I’m hungry, let’s eat.”
Everyone laughingly agreed, and following his lead, headed for the dining room.
# # #
“You know, when I saw that for the first time,” said Ari, “it reminded me of a Christmas Day on Marcova and some fun we had when our relatives came to visit.”
“Me, too,” said Merrick, “You just don’t forget those days. I must admit, I’m beginning to wish I had a little sister.”
Ari smiled. “You may not have noticed, but I believe you have two. Anyway, I think you’d have a hard time convincing Claire and Jennie otherwise.”
“And you have no idea how much that means to me.”
Ari reached for his drink. “So, you getting tired? Want to call a halt?”
“Are you kidding?” Merrick protested. “Not in the least...this is a treat.”
“Well, then...this next part took place the following evening, when the families returned home from ice skating. It was the first night of Hanukkah, the Hebrew Festival of Lights.”

CHAPTER 9
> > >
Walking through the door, Max couldn’t stop complaining about the cold. “Mommy, my hands hurt…. I can’t even feel my toes.”
“You’re not the only one,” Esther said. “Oh, the house feels lovely.”
Uncle Leonard brushed the snow from his coat. “Boy oh boy, it really turned cold out there! I thought my ears were going to freeze off! Adie, where did you learn to skate like that? You looked like a ballerina out there.”
“Mama taught me.”
Mrs. Behr smiled. “Lenny, don’t you remember—when we were children?” She struck a graceful pose.
“Oh, yes...my sister...queen of the ice rink,” Uncle Leonard replied.
Mr. Behr interrupted. “Not to change the subject, but I was wondering if anyone would be interested in a friendly game of Dreidel, tonight?” He retrieved his briefcase from the cloak closet and pulled out two net bags full of gold chocolate coins.
For the children, all thoughts of “discomfort” vanished, replaced by gleeful shouts.
“Well, I guess I have my answer,” Mr. Behr laughed. “Dreidel it is, then!”
“Why don’t you children go in the living room and warm up by the fire?” Mrs. Behr suggested. “I’ll go see if the cook’s ready to serve dinner?”
# # #   One Hour Later   > > >
“Well, children,” said Mr. Behr, “shall we say the prayer and light the first candle of Hanukkah?”
“Yes, yes!” little Max said with exuberance.
“Then let’s begin,” Mr. Behr said, striking a match and offering it to Adie. “Sweetheart, why don’t you light the candle?”
Everyone joined in reciting the traditional prayer in Hebrew. “Blessed are You, O Lord Our God, Ruler of the Universe, Who has sanctified us with Your commandments and commanded us to kindle the lights of Hanukkah. Blessed are You, O Lord our God, Ruler of the Universe, Who made miracles for our forefathers in those days at this time. Blessed are You, O Lord Our God, Ruler of the Universe, Who has kept us alive, sustained us, and brought us to this season.”
With the first candle of Hanukkah lit, Mr. Behr carried the small menorah through the foyer and placed it in the window next to the front door. Returning, he said, “Now, how about that game of Dreidel?”
They all retired to the small lounge, and after taking seats at the card table, the game began.
Ari allowed the sequence to play for a time and then skipped forward to the end. Meanwhile, Adie had slowly accumulated the chocolate coins until they were all in her possession.
“Adie...you win!” Max declared.
After a hearty congratulations from everyone, Adie gave three coins to each of the other children, then scooped up the rest and stuffed them into the two large pockets of her sweater. After a moment, she excused herself to visit the bathroom.
Her mother offered a tentative nod. “All right, but hurry back. We have gifts to give you.”
Adie scurried off toward the entryway bathroom, but darted left and shot up the stairs. She ran across the second floor landing and down the hall to her cousins’ room. Emptying her pockets of the gold coins, she placing several under each of their pillows while keeping some for herself. She then dashed out and rejoined the others.
“Well, that didn’t take long,” Mrs. Behr said.
Adie grinned. “I couldn’t wait to see our presents.”
For gifts, the children received an assortment of hard candy and taffy, as well as some money to spend on whatever they wished. In addition, Adie’s father gave each child a check for ten marks to be made out to the charity of their choice. As she had done the year before, Adie chose the orphanage near their synagogue.
# # #
Merrick eased back on the sofa. “I think you’ve done a great job selecting these events. Each one seems to give a little more insight into Adie’s character.”
Ari nodded. “I’m glad you’re seeing that. I just hope when we’re finished, I’ll have done her justice.”
“Oh, I have little doubt of that.”
Ari gestured toward the display. “These next sequences involve the births of Adie’s brothers, David and Gil. They were born one year apart.”

CHAPTER 10
> > >
The scene opened with Mr. Behr seated in the living room, his face buried in the local newspaper. As Adie and her very pregnant mother approached, Mrs. Behr had the look of a woman on a mission. “Michael, if you have a moment, there is something I would like to discuss.”
Mr. Behr allowed the paper to flop down halfway. “Yes, yes, my dear, what is it?”
“I was wondering...what would you think of Adie attending the midwife when the time comes?”
Her words sank in, and the paper dropped to Mr. Behr’s lap. “Attending the mid...my word, Rina, she’s only eight years old. Do you think that’s wise? Is she ready for that kind of thing?”
“Well, she’s old enough to ask where babies come from.”
Mr. Behr looked at Adie and raised an eyebrow.
“Michael, think now, she may never have another chance to see such a miracle.”
Mr. Behr frowned and cleared his throat. “Obviously you have given this some thought…. I assume you told her what to expect.” With his wife’s nod, Mr. Behr turned to Adie. “Well, little one, are you sure this is something you want to do?”
Adie’s expression was unwavering. “Oh, yes, Papa.”
“You don’t think it will be too scary for you?”
“No, Papa.”
Mr. Behr pondered for a moment. “Well, then you go ahead, but I’m going to be a chicken and wait outside, if that’s okay.”
Excited, Adie ran to her father, leaned in, and kissed his cheek. “Thank you, Papa. I’ll be good. You’ll see.”
# # #   Two Weeks Later   > > >
Adie rushed through the reception hall toward the front entrance while Mrs. Behr lagged behind, slowed by her condition. The door opened to a short woman in her mid-forties.
“Hello, my dear. I am Mrs. Meinstein, the midwife. Is your mommy home?”
“Yes, I’m coming,” Mrs. Behr answered, plodding through the foyer, “just moving a little slowly, I’m afraid. Please, come in.”
“That’s all right, take your time,” Mrs. Meinstein said. “Is this your daughter? Such a lovely little girl.”
Mrs. Behr arrived a little short of breath. “Oh, I’m sorry. This is Adie. Please go in and have a seat in the living room. We’ll be right with you.” She waited until the midwife was out of hearing before quietly correcting her daughter. “Adie, dear, listen now...when someone introduces herself to you, it’s polite to return the favor. Let’s remember that in the future, all right?”
“Yes, Mama, I’ll remember,” Adie said, and they joined the midwife.
After some preliminary discussion, Mrs. Behr said, “If it’s all right with you, I’d like my daughter to be present during the birth.”
With an uncomfortable smile, Mrs. Meinstein said, “It is a little unusual; however, if this is your wish….” She turned to Adie. “And how do you feel about this, my dear?”
“Oh, I think it would be wonderful,” Adie said with enthusiasm.
“Well, I admire your spirit and your courage, little one, but this is not like playing dolls with your friends. It is not like anything you have ever seen. Some people describe it as a miraculous event, though it is also very stressful and difficult—even shocking. I will tell you what, if it is okay with your mommy, I will describe what to expect. You listen closely. Then, when I am done, we will see if you still wish to do this.”
Mrs. Behr nodded her approval, and Adie offered her full attention.
“So here we go,” Mrs. Meinstein said, looking Adie squarely in the eye. “Now, when it comes time for the baby to be born, your mommy will start to feel a tightness in her tummy, which will come and go, maybe every ten minutes or so. We call these contractions. She will tell your daddy, and they will call me on the telephone. Later, when the contractions become stronger and happen more often, they will call me again, and I will come. When I arrive, we will go into your parents’ room and prepare the bed. I will lay out some things and get a large basin of warm water. You will notice that I am calm at all times. This will help your mommy. Soon, the contractions will get closer together and much stronger. The baby is surrounded with water in mommy’s tummy, and before the baby can come out, this water must come out. So that will happen next. The contractions will continue and get even stronger and closer together. Your mommy may cry out, because there is much pain. She will be sweating and need her head wiped, and of course she will need encouragement. Next, the baby will start to drop down a little and get ready to be born. Then the contractions will come very close together and will be strong and painful. Your mommy may start shaking, crying out, and yelling that she wants it to stop. You may even hear a few bad words. Just remember, by this time, your mommy is in such pain, she really doesn’t know what she is saying. Before long, we should see the top of the baby’s head, and we will tell mommy to try to push some. Once the head is out, if everything looks all right, we will tell mommy to push hard. And very soon, the baby will come out. Then I will take the baby and put it on your mommy’s tummy. Next the placenta will come out. That’s the part that has been inside of mommy’s tummy keeping the baby alive. Anyway, the baby will be attached to the placenta by a cord and will need to be separated. So I will clamp the cord close to the baby’s tummy, cut it with a special pair of scissors, and tie the cord with thread, like a tourniquet. After all this, I will give the baby to your mommy, and everyone can celebrate the new arrival.” Mrs. Meinstein paused briefly and said, “Well, little one, what do you think? Still want to go in with us?”
Adie was mesmerized. After a moment, she replied, “Oh, yes, please. Yes, I would.”
“Well, then maybe you can be my helper. How about that?”
# # #
“We’re going to move forward to the birth,” Ari said. “I avoided censorship by using views that didn’t compromise Mrs. Behr. I just wanted to capture Adie’s interaction.”
———————
In the interest of common decency, ERS mission planners had instituted censorship protocols within the Global Imaging System to block all transmissions that contained nudity or explicit sensual content.
> > >
Ari’s display divided into two images. The top half of the display showed a wide overhead view of Mrs. Behr from the chest up, clothed in a gown and clearly in great distress. The lower half of the display provided a head and shoulders view of the midwife and Adie.
Speaking to Adie over Mrs. Behr’s elevated voice, the midwife said, “I need to keep an eye on a few things right now. You can help by wiping your mommy’s face and neck...and tell her what a good job she is doing.”
Adie, who had been watching the midwife’s every move, took a dry washcloth from the small table beside her, moved to the head of the bed, and calmly blotted the perspiration from her mother’s forehead. “Mama, you’re doing fine. The baby is almost here. We’re taking care of you. Be strong. Be strong.” After a few minutes, she returned to observe the midwife.
“There is the top of the baby’s head. Do you see, Adie?”
“Oh, yes.”
“Tell your mama to push.”
Adie coached, and Mrs. Behr struggled to respond.
“Okay, stop pushing for a second,” Mrs. Meinstein said. “Yes, everything looks good. Push! Push! Yes—good!”
In extreme anguish, Mrs. Behr strained one last time, and within moments, the baby was out. Mrs. Meinstein took a damp towel to clean his face, and he began to cry.
Mrs. Behr was euphoric. “Is it a boy?” she asked hopefully.
“Yes, Mama, it’s a boy,” Adie said.
Mrs. Meinstein glanced at Adie. “Here—hold him, my dear, while I take care of a few things?”
Eyes wide, Adie reached out to receive her brother. “He’s beautiful, Mama, just beautiful.”
“Can I hold him now?” Mrs. Behr asked.
The midwife helped Adie swaddle her brother in a towel. “There, that should do it. Go ahead, my dear,” she said, motioning toward the bed.
Adie carried the baby to her mother and crawled up beside her in the bed.
“Oh my, oh my,” Mrs. Behr said, smiling, “and what a sweet face.”
# # #
“You know, I’m not sure I would have handled things quite that well,” Merrick said of Adie.
“Yeah,” said Ari. “Not many little girls her age could have managed that and still maintained enough focus to be a help. And, she didn’t miss a thing. I think you’ll see what I mean in this next sequence. Mrs. Behr had another boy a year later. You’ll see that things were a little different. I broke the event into several short segments to give you the gist of what happened. Okay, Zoey, go ahead.”
Merrick noted the data stream scrolling across the display.
> > >
Case Study: Adina (Adie) Behr - Age: 9 // Location: 52°29’04.86” N  13°16’11.73” E // Elevation: 143 ft // Berlin, Germany - Behr Home - Music Room // Earth Date: September 30, 1937 - Local Time: 1436 //
Mrs. Behr sat with Adie at the piano, preparing her for an upcoming recital. “Yes, sweetheart, the music is the most important thing, but you must never forget to look your very best. You must look the part, from your hair to your shoes.” Mrs. Behr bent forward slightly and grimaced. “And don’t forget poise and—” A pronounced contraction produced a pained expression and a deep groan.
“What is it, Mama? What’s wrong?”
Mrs. Behr shuddered from the pain. “The baby...coming—call your papa. I’m going upstairs while I still can.”
Adie ran through the archway between the music room and living room, picked up the phone, and called the jewelry store. “Yes, this is Adie. I need to speak with my papa.” Listening to the response, her patience quickly ran thin. “Tell him the baby is coming!” she shouted as she set the receiver back on the hook. Running to the kitchen, she retrieved a large cooking pot and dashed up the back stairs. “I’m coming, Mama!” she yelled, running down the hall and into the master bedroom. “I called Papa. They told me he’s on his way back from a meeting.”
Having put on a gown, Mrs. Behr moved toward the bed, doubled over in pain.
Adie set the pot down. “Here, I can help.” She took her mother’s arm and helped her into bed. “They will send Papa for Mrs. Meinstein as soon as he gets in.”
Mrs. Behr grimaced. “Well, I hope that’s soon. I don’t think this one’s going to wait around.”
# # #   Ten Minutes Later   > > >
Adie was kneeling beside her mother in bed when the phone rang. She slipped down and dashed into the sitting room to answer. “Hello...Yes, Papa? Okay...Yes, Papa, I’ll tell Mama.” She returned to the bedroom. “Papa called Mrs. Meinstein, but her daughter says she’s at the market. Papa is going to find her.”
Mrs. Behr motioned Adie back up on the bed. Holding her daughter’s head between her hands, she said, “Sweetheart, I want to believe the midwife will be here in time, but you and I must assume she won’t. How much do you remember of what Mrs. Meinstein did last year?”
“Everything—I remember everything, Mama.”
“Then why don’t you start to get things ready?”
“Oh, yes, I will. Don’t worry, Mama. We’ll be fine,” Adie said in a calm voice. “I’m going to run some hot water and get some things. I’ll be right back.” She quickly went about gathering what she needed—the small table from the hallway, washcloths and towels from the linen closet, and the sewing kit from the sitting room. Soon, all was in order: linens on the end of the bed—the other items and hot water on the small table. She opened the sewing kit, cut a short length of heavy thread, and submerged the scissors in the hot water.
# # #   Forty Minutes Later   > > >
Mrs. Behr was delirious with pain, struggling to get her words out. “They aren’t...going to...make it. You’re going to have to...do the best you can.”
Adie dabbed the sweat from her mother’s face and neck. “Mama, everything is fine. Don’t worry. I remember what to do.” She slipped away and returned to the foot of the bed. “Mama, it’s almost time. I see the top of the baby’s head. I don’t think it wants to wait.”
Mrs. Behr’s voice was elevated and indiscernible.
“Okay, Mama, I think it’s time to push some.” With steady hands and voice, Adie prepared to receive the baby. “The head is out, now wait for a—”
By this time, Mrs. Behr had lost all muscle control. The baby was in Adie’s hands in a matter of seconds. “Okay, okay, Mama. I have it…. It’s a boy! I’m going to clean him up a little.” As she wiped the baby’s face, his lungs came to life in a loud staccato scream. “Uh-oh, I think I made you mad,” Adie said, relieved by his breathing.
“Is he all right?”
“Oh, yes, Mama, he’s all right…. I’m almost done.” Adie took the heavy thread, tied the umbilical cord snugly, and with the scissors, cut the cord as she had seen the midwife do the year before. “Okay, Mama, he’s all clean.” She swaddled her brother in a towel and carried him to her mother. With the baby safely in her mother’s arms, she returned to the foot of the bed to put everything in order.
“Go check on your other brother,” Mrs. Behr said. “Make sure he’s still sleeping.”
# # #   Twenty Minutes Later   > > >
Adie was lying close to her mother, with the baby’s hand tightly clasped around her finger.
Downstairs, the entryway door thundered open, and anxious footsteps ascended the stairs. “Rina!” Mr. Behr yelled. The commotion startled the baby, and he began to scream. Moments later, the bedroom door swung open. Mrs. Meinstein looked around the room to find everything in perfect order. She quickly stepped into the bathroom and returned with a puzzled look. “Who delivered the baby?”
Mrs. Behr smiled and tipped her head toward Adie, then looked up at her husband. “Are you just going to stand there, or are you going to say hello to your new son?”
“Oh my gosh,” said Mr. Behr, astonished. He looked at his daughter and back at his wife. “Our Adie’s a wunderkind—a wunderkind!”
# # #
The display went blank. For a moment, Merrick sat motionless. “Brother! That was intense.... Seems like an awful lot for a little girl.”
Ari nodded. “At least one news reporter thought so—made her into somewhat of a local hero.”
The two men decided to break for the day and resume as their schedules permitted.

CHAPTER 11
Three days later, they met in Ari’s quarters for dinner. Later, they adjourned to view more of Adie's archive, beginning with four short vignettes at ages nine and ten.
> > >
The first showed Adie walking home from school, arm in arm with a friend. The woman walking ahead of them was obviously well to do, sporting a beautifully embroidered dress and glamorous hat with a silk band and feathers. She lifted her hand to suppress a sneeze, then reached into her purse for a handkerchief, unknowingly pulling out a one hundred mark note with it. The bill slowly spiraled down to the cobblestones below, landing squarely in front of Adie. The girls stopped and stared in disbelief as the woman walked on, oblivious.
Adie felt a soft jab from her friend’s elbow. “Take it,” her friend whispered. “No one will know.”
“But I will know,” Adie countered with conviction. She picked up the note and quickened her pace to catch up with the woman... “Ma’am! You dropped this.”
The woman turned; her eyes fixed on the note. She was younger than Adie expected—in her late twenties, with long blond hair and light gray eyes. Initially, the woman seemed very grateful. Then, noticing their Jewish attire, her expression hardened. She snatched the note and rudely walked away.
“See!” Adie’s friend scolded. “You should have just kept it.”
“No, I should have returned it,” Adie corrected. “My papa told me that I’m not responsible for other people’s behavior—only mine.”
# # #
Ari presented the next vignette in several short segments, beginning with Adie seated among classmates, listening to her teacher complete their three-day study of the solar system.
> > >
“Now class, I know it’s difficult to understand just how much space is out there, even in a relatively small region like our solar system. It might help if you look at it this way: Our Earth is about eight thousand miles wide. Most of us can understand that—right? So, you can think about the distance to the Sun like this: If you were to string twelve thousand Earths together in a very long line, that would be how far it is to the Sun. Now, if you wanted to understand how far it is to Pluto, that would be roughly forty times the distance from the Earth to the Sun.” She scanned their puzzled faces. “A lot to imagine, isn’t it?”
The class voiced agreement.
“Okay, you’ve heard enough from me,” the teacher said. “It’s time to do a review for Friday’s test. So now I want to hear from you…. Paul, why don’t you tell us something about Neptune?”
Paul, a well-dressed boy with wire-rimmed glasses stood up to field the question. “Neptune is the eighth planet from the Sun, the fourth largest of all the planets. It’s like the Earth because it has one moon. I think it’s called Triton.”
“And does anyone remember where Neptune was first viewed in a telescope?”
Adie’s hand shot up.
“Yes, Adina.”
“Right here in Berlin, at the Berlin Observatory,” Adie said with a broad smile and sense of satisfaction.
“Well, that’s exactly right. And does anyone know Neptune’s composition?”
A knock on the door interrupted their review, and the school secretary poked her head in. “The headmaster needs to see you.”
The teacher gave a nod and excused herself, assuring the students of her prompt return.
Shortly after her departure, the class joker brazenly walked forward and began flipping through the papers on the teacher’s desk, coming up with the Friday science test. He zipped back to his seat and began copying answers.
# # #   Thirty Minutes Later   > > >
The students followed the teacher out for recess, but the joker delayed. Upon seeing the teacher exit, he darted over to her desk and slipped the test back in its place before joining the others outside. Then, while everyone was playing, he stealthily moved from classmate to classmate offering to supply test answers to everyone in the class. Only Adie and two others declined.
# # #   Friday After School   > > >
The teacher sat at her desk looking suspiciously over the students’ test results: All perfect scores, with the notable exception of her three best students.
# # #   The Following Monday   > > >
The headmaster joined Adie’s class and the inquisition began. The truth quickly surfaced, and all but the three honest students received failing grades.
# # #
“So her formal name is Adina?” Merrick asked.
“Yes, Adina Marie Behr,” Ari replied.
“And when did she start wearing glasses?” Merrick asked, referring to the images of Adie on the far wall.
“Oh, she was twelve or so. And her vision’s grown worse over the years. Of course, losing an eye during the war didn’t help.”
“I wouldn’t think so,” Merrick said, empathizing.
“Listen...this next event...I thought it might be easier to describe verbally, rather than show imagery.
“It happened in April that same year. One of Adie’s Jewish classmates and her family were put out of their home. The Nazis confiscated everything, and the family had no recourse but to impose on relatives. Things being what they were, it wasn’t long before the relatives resources ran thin, and the girl stopped bringing her lunch to school. Of course, Adie noticed right away and began to share hers. This eventually came to the attention of Mrs. Behr, and while she was proud of what Adie was doing, she was also concerned that she wasn’t getting enough to eat. So she decided to include a second lunch in Adie’s satchel each day. Sadly, two months later that same family was arrested and shipped off to a work camp.”
Merrick frowned and shook his head. “With all of this going on, weren’t Adie’s parents becoming concerned for their own safety?”
Ari nodded. “Mr. Behr had heard other stories from his customers—so much so that he hired a tutor for Adie the following year and kept her at home as much as possible.
“Now, Mrs. Behr, on the other hand, being an American celebrity and not Jewish, enjoyed great popularity among the German people. As a matter-of-fact, Albert Speer, one of Hitler’s top men, admired her so much that he provided the family with special identification papers, granting them unrestricted travel—not only within Germany, but also any newly acquired territories. Even so, Mr. Behr kept to his office during the day and restricted his family’s movements.”
“And yet, Mrs. Behr remained out in public?” Merrick asked.
“Mr. Behr wasn’t quite the socialite his wife was. He moved in smaller circles—mainly business colleagues. During social events at the Behr mansion, he typically stayed in the background, allowing Mrs. Behr to be the gracious hostess, which she was. He encouraged her to continue her work with the Berlin Philharmonic and entertain at social events. I think his belief was that her social status might afford the family some degree of protection. Of course, those hopes didn’t last.” Ari paused. “Look, before I get too far ahead, I wanted you to see this next sequence. It happened on a Saturday in May of 1938, when Adie’s family went to worship at their synagogue.”
> > >
From the outset, the worship service seemed to pique Merrick’s interest. “The man who’s singing—is that the Rabbi?” he asked, referring to the man’s exceptional tenor voice.
“No, that’s the Cantor,” Ari corrected...“He’s singing a prayer.”
Toward the middle of the service, when the congregation sang, Ari drew Merrick’s attention to Adie’s devout expression and sweet voice.
As the service drew to a close, Merrick pointed out several things he found enlightening and commented on the beauty of the synagogue’s architecture.
# # #
“Unfortunately,” Ari explained, “just five months after this, the Nazis burned it to the ground. They destroyed synagogues and ransacked Jewish businesses all over Germany. That same night, they arrested nearly thirty-thousand Jews and sent them off to prison camps.”
Merrick lost focus and fell silent.
“They called it ‘The Night of Broken Glass.’ From that point on, things became pretty grim for Jews all over Europe. In the weeks that followed, some fairly disturbing accounts of persecution came to the Behrs’ attention, mainly through business and social contacts. For Mrs. Behr, it started with the arrest of a fellow musician. According to a witness, brown-shirted Nazis broke into the man’s home, dragged the family out, and just carted them off. Mr. Behr heard two similar stories from business colleagues, one concerning a jeweler in Berlin; the other, a gemologist in Austria. As the bad news kept mounting, Mrs. Behr’s hopes of dodging persecution began to fade. And even though Mr. Behr continued to play everything down, he had already begun planning a way out of Germany.”
“So, how in the world did they get out?” Merrick asked, fascinated.
“I’ll get to that,” Ari promised, “but first why don’t we look at something a little more cheerful?”

CHAPTER 12
> > >
The dining room scene was warm and inviting, with family and servants chanting “Happy Birthday.” Adie’s eyes were aglow as baby brother Gil pounded gleefully on his highchair tray, and two-year-old Davy laughed, trying to keep up with the words. Meanwhile, the cook entered through the swinging door carrying a pink three-layer cake. Ten flickering candles formed a luminous halo around the center. When the song drew to a close, Adie took a deep breath and handily extinguished all of the candles. After an enthusiastic round of applause, everyone enjoyed a piece of cake and then adjourned to the living room.
“Now, Adie, sweetheart,” Mr. Behr began, “I have some happy news. The other day we received a parcel from your Uncle Leonard and Aunt Joyce, and you’ll never guess what was inside.” A smile formed on Adie’s face. “That’s right; presents!” One of the maids retrieved the beautifully wrapped gifts from the window seat and set them on the coffee table before Adie. “Why don’t you open these first?”
Among the gifts from America were a variety of shiny American coins, including three silver dollars and all of the latest postage stamps. Her uncle also sent a copy of Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland and two very curious-looking cartoon books—Action Comics, numbers one and two, printed in June and July of that same year.
Then the house staff came forward one at a time. The cook proudly presented a dozen of Adie’s favorite frosted cookies, after which the maids added a multicolored scarf and a pair of hand-embroidered socks. The chauffeur, a frustrated woodworker, surprised everyone by presenting Adie with a beautifully crafted musical jewelry box made of maple burl with a figured walnut bezel. He included three Swiss-made cylinders—one waltz and two popular melodies. For Adie, the gift was an overwhelming surprise, and she responded with a hug and kiss.
Finally, Mr. Behr rose and beckoned Adie to stand facing the large mirror behind the couch. Then, reaching into his pocket, he removed a small dove-shaped diamond pendant, suspended at the wingtips on a delicate gold chain. With a loving smile, he gently lifted the pendant over Adie’s head and lowered it until it came to rest below her neck. As he fastened the clasp, she seemed hypnotized by the glistening diamonds, which caught and reflected the many points of light coming from the chandeliers.
Adie turned and buried her head in her father’s side. “Oh Papa...Papa...it’s the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen.” When she had recovered enough to face the others, her father slowly opened his hand to reveal a pair of matching diamond studs. Adie could hold her tears no longer and dropped face down in her mother’s lap, lightly convulsing as she wept. Applause and happy words hastened her recovery, and the party adjourned to the piano room, where to everyone’s delight, mother and daughter filled the air with music and melody.
# # #
“A big night, I’d say,” Merrick observed, “—the diamonds and all.”
“Uh-huh,” Ari agreed. “And the only person more shocked than Adie was her mother, though she concealed it until later. I could see from the look she gave her husband that the evening wasn’t going to be over until they had words. And sure enough, when Adie headed off to bed, they went into the sitting room. What you are about to see sets the stage for the family’s future.”
> > >
Mrs. Behr started the exchange. “Honestly, Michael, what on earth were you thinking...giving a ten-year-old such an expensive gift. Isn’t she a little young for diamonds?”
“Yes—yes, my love,” Mr. Behr responded. “I know what you’re saying. And under normal circumstances I would wholeheartedly agree.” A grave expression formed on his face. “But we are living in uncertain times. People we know are losing their businesses, their freedoms, and from what I’m hearing, quite possibly their lives. No one knows what tomorrow will bring or how long we will be able to enjoy such nice things. Indeed, our little girl may never be able to enjoy them. So I thought—”
“I know, I know,” Mrs. Behr conceded.
A brief silence followed, neither one wishing to raise the inevitable subject.
Again, Mrs. Behr initiated. “Then Michael, is it now your feeling that we will be caught up in all this persecution?”
Mr. Behr took a deep breath, exhaled, and slowly nodded. “I’m afraid it’s just a matter of time now. I’ve heard enough to believe that no Jew is immune to what is coming...what is already here.”
“Then is it too late? Can we still get out?”
Mr. Behr paused at the unexpected question, then answered, “Only if you’re willing to leave everything behind; the house, your things, your friends, your—”
“Material things; they’re only material things. And what good are they if we’re not alive to enjoy them?”
Surprise registered on Mr. Behr’s face. “Then you’re actually willing to leave all of this and just go...with the clothes on your back and a few bags?”
“If you feel we need to leave, then we will leave. Where you go, I go. But where...and how?”
“Deep wrinkles formed on Mr. Behr’s brow. “I must confess, my love...these past few weeks I have been doing some checking with my colleagues here in Berlin and in the South—Austria and Hungary. I’m afraid the door has already closed for returning to America. And finding another place in Germany will provide little protection. We might as well stay here. Austria is no different. But I contacted Karl Weisz in Budapest. It seems in Hungary the climate for Jews is not so harsh.”
Mrs. Behr nodded, remembering Mr. Weisz, one of many visitors.
“He has a summer home, a small farm, ten miles from Kopasvar. It’s in the middle of a forest—a secluded area. He says he rarely goes there since his wife died, and we are welcome to rent it. Sweetheart, I know this would be—”
“But how would we get there?” Mrs. Behr interrupted. “Can we go in the car?”
“Yes, however, you should know, people have had problems at checkpoints in Germany and at the border crossings. Yet, I believe Mr. Speer’s signature should carry us through.”
“Then make the arrangements with Mr. Weisz, and let’s go.”
“Just like that?”
“Just like that.”
“Then I’ll send the cable tomorrow. It will take a few weeks to get our business affairs in order…. Why don’t we plan on the first week in September?”
Mrs. Behr nodded. “That will give me a chance to decide what to take, and inform the servants.”
Mr. Behr hesitated. “I’m sorry, my love. If we’re to remain safe, we mustn’t inform anyone. We may even have to tell some lies to cover our trail. You must be prepared for that and guard your words.”
Mrs. Behr thought for a moment and agreed.
# # #

CHAPTER 13
“The message went out to Budapest the next morning,” Ari explained, “and Adie’s father began to consolidate his assets. He transferred money from his Swiss account to the local bank, bought a small waterproof strongbox, and cleaned out his safety deposit box. Then he dropped the car off at a friend’s machine shop where the mechanic welded a long metal container to the vehicle’s undercarriage. Later, Mr. Behr stuffed it full of cash and jewels.
“Meanwhile, Mrs. Behr made a detailed packing list. She thought it might be best to appear as if they were taking a short trip for a musical engagement, so she included formal clothing, some sheet music, even tools to tune the piano.”
Merrick listened attentively.
“Aren’t you getting tired?” Ari asked. “We’ve been at this for a while now.”
“Are you kidding? I find this intriguing.”
“Very well, then,” Ari said, sensing Merrick’s sincerity. “So, toward the end of that same week, Mr. Behr called everyone in to work. It was the Friday before the family’s final week in Berlin. He told the employees that he was expecting a very busy holiday season, and he had decided to give them the next week off to take advantage of the warm weather. He had done that sort of thing before, so no one was the wiser.
“The following week, he settled all outstanding debts, then closed his bank account and cleared the store safe of loose gems and high value jewelry. After setting his affairs in order, he took the business records home and burned them. He had two meetings scheduled toward the end of that week. He attended both.”
“To keep from raising suspicion?” Merrick interjected.
“Yes, however the second meeting offered some particularly disturbing news. Two colleagues had received visits from government officials demanding a complete inventory of business assets.
“On the last day of that week, Mr. Behr sent letters to his employees, including six months’ wages and a letter of recommendation to help them find a new job. In another letter, he directed the store manager to divide all remaining gold and jewelry among the workers.
“Earlier that week, Mrs. Behr gave the house servants vacations as well, following up at the end of the week with letters of recommendation. That day, the day of their final departure, the Behr’s locked the house and drove to their summer cottage, about thirty miles south of Berlin. They cleared through two military checkpoints along the way. With Mrs. Behr driving, the soldiers checked her identification first. And though she looked every bit the glamorous American, it was the Albert Speer signature that impressed the guards. They waved them through unchallenged.”
“Do you think they would have made it without the signature?” Merrick asked.
“Unlikely,” Ari said as he cued the next sequence. “Anyway, not long after they arrived at the cottage, Mr. Behr took the strongbox I mentioned earlier and a shovel and asked the family to go with him for a walk.”
> > >
The path wound through a wooded area ending at a brook near the border of their property. Mrs. Behr carried the baby, and Adie held Davy’s hand as they approached their favorite spot, a small waterfall surrounded by large boulders.
Mr. Behr set the strongbox down and dug a hole at the base of the boulders. The box was over a foot long, ten inches tall and wide. “Now listen to me, Adie,” he said. “Your mother and I have made a decision. You see..., bad things are happening in this country for people like us, and I’m afraid we must leave.”
Adie frowned in confusion. “Where are we going, Papa?”
“Well, I have a friend in Hungary, Karl Weisz. He’s the gentleman who visited from Budapest last year. He has a nice little farm where no one is living right now. How does that sound?”
“And, when will we go?”
“Tomorrow...we’ll drive down to Munich and stay the first night with the Stoff family. Then, the next day, it’s off to Hungary. Of course we pass through Austria on the way. Mr. Weisz will be waiting for us.”
Anxiety formed on Adie’s face. “Then when will we come back?”
Mr. Behr softened his voice to quell her fears. “Sweetheart, we may never be back…. I’m afraid we must start a new life.”
Growing agitated, Adie said, “But what about our friends—our things—the store?”
“I’m sorry, sweetheart, we just have to let them go.”
“Are we going to be okay?” she asked, now fighting tears.
“Of course we will. You have nothing to worry about.”
“Can we have a piano?”
Mr. Behr smiled. “I already sent Mr. Weisz some money. We’re having one delivered. I’m afraid the rooms are small, though, so you will have to be happy with an upright for now.”
Adie nodded, smiling through tears.
Mr. Behr dropped the subject and moved on. “Now, sweetheart, I brought you out here for something very important.” He picked up the strongbox, released the latch, and opened it. Inside were numerous packets of loose diamonds, a variety of stunning jewelry, cash, and official-looking papers. “Adie, you must listen carefully. I have a fortune in jewels here—the best of the best. These things are too valuable to take to Hungary, so I’m going to bury them here. Now, you must remember where they are, in case Mama and I somehow forget. Can you do that?”
“Yes, Papa, I’ll remember.”
“We’ll be taking some money and gems with us, but these must stay behind.”
Mr. Behr had just begun to close the box when Adie stopped him. “Not yet, Papa.” She carefully removed her necklace and diamond studs and placed them inside the box. “I don’t want to lose these either.”
Mr. Behr smiled his approval, sealed and buried the box, shoveling the excess dirt into the stream. He then walked some distance away and returned a few minutes later grunting under the weight of a large flat stone. Placing it squarely on the freshly dug soil and stomping it down, he said, “X marks the spot...Adie, don’t ever forget.” They walked slowly back toward the cottage.
# # #
“Munich was 350 miles away,” Ari explained, “so they started before dawn. It was Sunday, and the roads were reasonably clear. Even so, it still took over twelve hours to reach Munich. They had to clear more than a dozen checkpoints and saw several vehicles searched, but once Mrs. Behr produced those papers, they passed right through.”
“What about the borders, with all the high ranking officials,” Merrick asked, “and what about customs?”
“Yes, the borders were a little more complicated. And it was a good thing their friends sent them off early the next day. It was only thirty miles to the border, but it took them nearly three hours to clear through: first the Germans, then the Austrians. Both sides scrutinized their identification and asked a number of questions. The Germans went so far as to match the Speer signature to a reference sheet. But, aside from a few scowls directed at Mr. Behr, they didn’t have much trouble on either side of the border.”
“But how did they explain their reason for traveling? They must have been asked.”
“Yeah, I don’t think you can cross any border without answering that one…. Mr. Behr just told the officials that his wife had a three-day engagement to play in Budapest. Still, their arrival at the southern Hungarian crossing drew suspicion. The officials wondered why they hadn’t used the northern crossing, as it was much closer to Budapest. So Mr. Behr added to their story, saying they would be staying the night with some friends near Kopasvar before driving up the next day. Anyway, Mr. Weisz met them in a small town not far from the border and led them on to the farm.”
Ari stood to stretch his legs. “I think this is probably a good stopping point. What do you say to a swim? We can pick this up same time day after tomorrow if you’d like.”
“You know, that sounds great,” Merrick said, getting up from the couch. “I know you feel you’re boring me, but I assure you that is not the case. Adie has an amazing story…. Two days from now sounds good. I have an eighteen-hour mission tomorrow. I’ll call you when I get back.” Merrick headed for the door. “Give me a few minutes to change, and I’ll meet you at the pool.”

CHAPTER 14
——  Two Days Later  ——
> > >
Twenty square miles of dense forest surrounded the farm. Mr. Weisz had built the house on a hillside facing east overlooking two acres of cultivated land. It was a modest, two-story structure with eat-in kitchen, living room, and three small upstairs bedrooms. The front porch extended the full width of the home, offering a splendid view of the farmland below. A year-round spring cut a jagged path down the hill, conveniently passing within yards of the house. A red barn, in good repair, stood just south of the house. It was largely empty, apart from farm tools and cut firewood. Access to the farm was via a primitive forest trail, in places barely wide enough for the Behr’s car to pass. For the unfamiliar visitor, the trail entrance was difficult to see from the main road, requiring them to drive over a broad, pebbly area for some distance before angling off into the woods.
———————
“Security-wise, that place seems ideal,” Merrick observed, “particularly the hidden entrance. But the lower standard of living must have been an adjustment. How did Mrs. Behr deal with that?”
“Surprisingly well,” Ari said. “She was a little shaken, to be sure, but didn’t complain. Mr. Behr had been frank about the changes from the beginning: no electricity, no indoor plumbing, and so on. I think it was the prospect of only bathing twice each week that repulsed her. She wasn’t very enthused with the method either. Mr. Behr would bring in a clean metal feeding trough from the barn, place it next to the fireplace, and fill it with stream water. For a warm bath, they had to heat water over the fire. Honestly, you should have seen her face when Mr. Behr removed a floorboard before putting in the tub.”
“What in the world for?”
“Well, the opening was right under the tub’s drain plug.”
“So the water just drained out under the house?”
“Precisely.”
“What a remarkable invention,” Merrick said, drawing a smile from Ari.
“Anyway, the family had to get used to doing everything themselves; no more house maids... And there were more pressing needs, such as a tutor for Adie and a ‘farmhand’...or should I say, bodyguard. Of course, Adie adapted very well, bless her heart. She had quite the servant’s spirit. And the boys just saw everything as a big adventure. At any rate, things smoothed out once the piano arrived, despite the fact that it was badly out of tune. I think the ride on the horse-drawn wagon may have had something to do with that. Even so, Mrs. Behr found it easy to tune, though in terms of quality, it was a few steps down from what they had in Berlin. But she seemed pleased, and it made Adie happy.”
“So, how did Mr. Behr go about hiring the help?” Merrick asked. “I assume he didn’t want the family’s presence widely known.”
“No, he didn’t, and that’s a good point. After some discreet checking, he made contact with a local rabbi. I’d like to show you a few sequences, including that conversation and one or two others.”
> > >
Mr. Behr walked along a narrow path toward a modest country home. He approached the entrance and knocked. An elderly rabbi with a long, gray beard answered the door. He wore a lightweight black robe over a white shirt and black pants. A yarmulke sat squarely on the back of his head. He offered a greeting and invited Mr. Behr in. After the formalities, the two men retired to the living room.
“You speak Hungarian but with an unfamiliar accent,” the rabbi said.
The comment drew a nod from Mr. Behr. “Yes, other than German, I speak five languages, none of them well, I’m afraid.”
“And what can I do for you, young man?”
Mr. Behr shifted uncomfortably. “I’m here with my family from Germany. We’re staying on a farm nearby, and as you might expect, I have many concerns—but more than anything else, I need to know how to keep my family safe.”
The rabbi reflected for a moment before answering. “Now that is the golden question, I think.” He sat back in his chair and reached for his pipe. “Young man, in Hungary there are three kinds of people: There are fascists; there are partisans...and there are Jews. Though some Jews are partisans, no Jews are fascists—for obvious reasons. Now fascists come in two varieties: There is the government variety—these are not friendly to Jews—they deprive us of freedoms but are not so violent; then there are the Arrow Cross fascists—these are not in power but are very dangerous, like the worst Nazis. My advice to you is to keep to yourself and stay out of the public eye. If you do this, your family will be reasonably safe. Make your political views known, and you make yourself a target.”
———————
Partisans, or freedom fighters, existed all over Europe during the war and were composed primarily of local citizens opposed to the Axis forces.
———————
Mr. Behr considered the rabbi’s caution, and asked, “What about identification papers? All we have are German papers, though my wife has an American passport.”
The rabbi hesitated. “Now, young man, I’m afraid you must forgive me. I am going to suggest that you break the law. Destroy the German papers, and buy forged papers—Hungarian citizenship papers. Large numbers of refugees are here with foreign papers. Many have been deported to work camps in the North.”
“And where can I come by these papers?”
The rabbi tamped his pipe and struck a match. “I will give you the name of a very good man.”
The offer put Mr. Behr at ease. “I am also concerned for my daughter’s education.”
“Well, I certainly don’t recommend public school.”
“I was thinking more of a tutor.”
“Ah, I see. Well, there is Ervin. He is a young teacher who lives about a mile down the road—good Jewish boy—lost his job. As I said, the government is not friendly to Jews…. Children love him.”
Mr. Behr offered an appreciative smile. “Thank you. I’ll stop in and see him.”
# # #
“They went on talking for another hour,” Ari said. “The old man couldn’t recommend a bodyguard, but the information about the forger and the teacher was most helpful. Mr. Behr visited the teacher on his way home.”
> > >
Ervin’s mother set the tea on the table between the two men and left the room. Though Ervin spoke Hungarian, it was Mr. Behr, this time, who noticed an odd accent. “You are not Hungarian?”
“Czechoslovakian,” Ervin said with a downcast expression.
“And what is it that you taught in school...general studies?”
“Yes, for the young teenagers, but after school I taught Czechoslovakian to the older students.”
“Do you speak any other languages?”
Ervin took a sip of tea. “German...not perfect, but good.”
“Well, Ervin, my family lives on a farm not far from here, and I have a ten-year-old daughter in need of a tutor. I will also be hiring a farmhand. My plan is to build a couple of rooms in the barn for these two men…. So if I were to offer you double your teacher’s wage, plus room and board, would you be interested?”
Ervin’s melancholy expression melted into dumbfounded amazement. “You are kidding, yes? You must be making a joke.”
Mr. Behr shook his head. “I assure you, I am quite serious.”
Ervin stood up and started to pace nervously, deep in thought. After a moment, he stopped and looked at Mr. Behr. “Do you know what this means for my family? Our food is nearly gone, and now this…. Yes, yes, of course I will accept. I am honored to accept.”
“Then three days from now, you come. For the first two weeks we will be building the rooms in the barn. After that, you can start with Adie—that’s my daughter. Between now and then, here is an advance on your salary.”
The young man, who looked so depressed when he answered the door, came alive. His face brightened, and a smile formed.
“There’s something else I need to ask, if that’s all right,” Mr. Behr said.
“Yes—please.”
“I mentioned a farmhand. I am looking for a man of good character; a capable man,” Mr. Behr said, hesitating, “a bodyguard for my family. Would you know such a man?”
The answer had formed on Ervin’s lips before Mr. Behr finished the question. “Yes, I know such a man...my friend’s Uncle Pesche. He is also Czechoslovakian, but not Jewish. Two years ago, he came to Hungary to work. Now he is out of work because of politics. He is a partisan. He does not like fascists.” Ervin forced a smile. “His boss was fascist. Pesche knows many partisans here and in Czechoslovakia. He is a strong man, a good man. He speaks Hungarian okay, also German, and a little English,” Ervin said, displaying a small gap between his forefinger and thumb.
# # #   Three Days Later   > > >
Ervin left Pesche with Mr. Behr in front of the farmhouse and went in to visit Adie.
Pesche was a rugged-looking man in his late forties. A permanent squint obscured his dark brown eyes. Crow’s feet, deeply etched in his temples, were a product of years in the sun. He wore a pale brown shirt with epaulets, matching pants, and a dark gray fedora, slightly cocked on his head.
Curious, Mrs. Behr watched the two men from the front window.
“Thank you, Pesche, for coming,” Mr. Behr said. “Did Ervin tell you anything about us?”
“He says you are here from Germany…. There are troubles in Germany for the Jews, yes? There are troubles in Hungary, too. Not as much trouble maybe, but trouble. He says you need help with the farm, maybe protection, too—for your wife and for the little ones.”
Mr. Behr gave a nod. “Ervin speaks highly of you, but I still have questions, and I need to hear the answers from you.”
“Yes, yes, I understand.”
“Well, then what can you tell me about yourself?”
Pesche gave a quick nod and said, “I don’t work now. Before, I built things—rock walls, houses for people, houses for chickens. I am partisan—all my family, too. Czechoslovakia is my home, like Ervin. No work in Czechoslovakia, so we come here. Now, no work here. I was thinking to go home or fight fascists here with other partisans. I know most country between here and Czechoslovakia and partisan groups, too. I am good builder. I shoot good. I work hard. I tell the truth. Honor, freedom, loyalty—these are important.”
Mr. Behr found Pesche’s words heartening. “Well, Pesche, I like what you say, and I am willing to take you at your word. Please understand, what I want more than anything is to be invisible here in Hungary. I want to bring my family safely through this war. So if you accept employment here, you must not discuss our presence with anyone, and you must stay on the farm as much as possible. I am offering double your normal wage, same as Ervin, plus room and board. You will not go hungry here. Will you help us?”
Pesche’s expression remained unaltered. “I will do this. I will protect you with my life. I will do whatever you ask.”
Mr. Behr took Pesche’s hand. “Thank you, my friend. I am glad to have you with us.”
“What can I do now?” Pesche asked.
Mr. Behr walked him to the barn and described the two rooms they needed to build. “The roof is good, and the walls are tight. We just need to build the inside walls. With a wood stove and some furniture, it should be like home.”
“Yes, we can do this,” Pesche said with a quizzical look. “This land...it is yours?”
“No, but I have the owner’s permission for this.”
“I will buy lumber when you are ready,” Pesche said.
“I’m ready. Please figure the cost and let me know.”
The two men continued to talk for several minutes before Mr. Behr excused himself and returned to the house.
Mrs. Behr was waiting on the porch. “Well?”
“A very capable man, I think,” Mr. Behr said, noticing her tentative expression. “What is it, my dear?”
“I’m not sure I like him. He looks...edgy...hard...like cold steel. He makes me uncomfortable.”
“Now, my dear, remember what you always tell your daughter? ‘You shouldn’t judge a book by its cover.’ I’m sure you saw many things through that window. But what you didn’t see was the man’s character—his concern for justice, honor, liberty, human rights. You didn’t see his background. He has worked in construction for most of his life. He can handle a gun and will not back down in a fight. And you didn’t see the commitment he made to protect you and the children with his life. In Ervin’s words, he’s ‘a man’s man...a man of his word,’ and I, for one, am most impressed. I feel we should hire him...but I need your support.”
Mrs. Behr, seeing her husband’s resolve, relented, moved forward, and pulled him close. “Of course, as always.”
# # #
“So what happened after they settled in?” Merrick asked. “Was there a lot of trouble in Hungary? As I recall, persecution was fairly widespread in Europe.”
“And you’re right. That’s why Mr. Behr chose to live out in the country. The cities were hotbeds of persecution. Later, they were brutal killing grounds—unspeakable horrors….” After a brief silence, Ari continued. “I’m at a loss as to how to present the next five years. Most of that time the family remained secluded on the farm. One day was pretty much the same as the next. I have one or two sequences I’d like you to see, but I should probably just summarize the rest.”
“And that’s fine,” Merrick said.
Ari paused to recollect before continuing. “It took time for the family to adjust to the new way of life. Pesche did most of the shopping. As a non-Jew, he had access to everything the family needed—construction materials, food, clothing, and such. Mr. Behr rarely ventured out...and the children—never. However, things were a little different for Mrs. Behr. With her light-colored hair, blue eyes, and the Albert Speer signature, she could travel anywhere, unhindered. Even so, I don’t think she left the farm more than a dozen times during their stay, and when she did, she used Pesche as a chauffeur.
“Her first trip was to Budapest, just before the men finished with the barn. The family needed winter clothes, and Adie needed textbooks, sheet music, and reading material. Shortly after that trip, Pesche located the Jewish forger and brought him out to the farm.”
“Why not just use the German papers?” Merrick asked. “They seemed effective.”
Ari considered and said, “I think it was for insurance more than anything else. Things were bad for the Jews in Germany and getting worse. Mr. Behr felt that Hungarian citizenship might block the Germans from exercising free rein over them, should the country ever fall into German hands.”
“I see.”
“Anyway, from that point on, Mr. Behr encouraged the family to learn Hungarian.... Now, for Mrs. Behr, this was quite a struggle, but Adie and her brothers had little difficulty. In fact, Adie did so well that Ervin began to teach her Czechoslovakian.”
“Mercy, she must have been a busy girl. We take these language implants for granted. I can’t imagine trying to learn two languages at the same time, unaided.”
“Well, at least they were able to pursue all these things in relative peace,” Ari said. “The rest of Europe may have been in conflict, but up until their fifth year on the farm, the countryside around them stayed fairly quiet. They planted crops in the spring, and in the fall, they harvested.
“Mrs. Behr took another trip to Budapest in 1941, this time to sell some gems to one of Mr. Behr’s colleagues. She brought back more learning material for Adie, including sheet music with some new songs from America. Adie fell in love with one of them, and after some practice, she performed it for the family. I thought you might like to see that.”
Merrick perked up. “Love to.”
> > >
Adie took a moment to arrange her sheet music while the four adults waited in anticipation. “I’m sure you have heard me practicing,” she began, “but if you don’t know, it’s called ‘Somewhere Over The Rainbow.’”
As she began to play, the lyrics flowed from her mouth like honey. Though by now the tune was familiar to everyone, it still offered a welcome escape from the worries of uncertain times, causing a tear to form on more than one cheek. Time slipped by and all too soon it was over. The final note sustained for a moment and tapered off, followed by a brief silence and then applause.
“She’s a joy to listen to,” Merrick injected as the sequence continued. “Like an angel.”
The two boys came rushing through the room, Davy with a pillowcase tied around his neck and flapping behind him as he whooshed by. “Superman,” he shouted. “Faster than an express train….” He ran around the adults several times, and yelled, “Adie, take us swimming! We want to go swimming!”
Merrick scratched his head. “Superman? Now what is that all about?”
“Funny you should ask.” Ari replied. “Just happens to be the next sequence.”
# # #
“Almost every night, Adie read bedtime stories to the boys,” Ari said. “For some reason, they were particularly impressed with this comic book hero—Superman.”
> > >
The scene opened with Adie seated in bed, the boys on her left and right, each helping her hold the comic book.
“Just read us this one page, one more time before we go to bed,” Davy pleaded. “I promise we will go right to sleep...please, Adie, just once more.”
“Good heavens, aren’t you two getting tired of this?”
Davy looked intently into his sister’s eyes. “Just once more...only the first page.”
Adie smiled graciously, just as her mother had smiled at her so many times. “Okay...once more, and then it’s to bed.” She took a deep breath and for the third time that evening read the wrinkled page.
The boys appeared completely captivated, behaving as if they had never heard the story before. When she reached the end, Davy, employing a typical stalling tactic, asked, “When it says he can jump over a building, does that mean he can fly?”
“It looks that way,” Adie answered.
“And what does the part about the bursting shell mean?”
“Well, it says, ‘nothing less than a bursting shell can penetrate his skin.’ I suppose that means anything less than a bomb would just bounce off.”
“You mean bullets would bounce off?”
“I suppose so.”
“Gosh, I want to be like Superman,” Davy said with enthusiasm.
Gil echoed his brother.
“And I want to be like Alice in Wonderland,” Adie said, “but can I, Davy?”
Davy paused to consider. “No, silly.”
“And why not?”
Davy sighed. “Because it’s not real. It’s just a story.”
“And how about you? Can you be like Superman? Can anyone be like Superman? Will you ever run faster than an express train?”
Davy sighed again. “No, I guess not.”
“And why is that?”
“Because it’s just make-believe,” Davy said, pausing in thought. “But it’s okay to make-believe, isn’t it?”
Adie smiled. “Of course it is, silly...and now—to bed.”
# # #
“Earlier, they were talking about swimming,” Merrick said. “I’d like to see where they go.”
“And I’d be glad to show you, but every time they went for a swim, the censor shut down the imagery. I don’t think they wear anything.”
“Ah—the innocence of childhood,” Merrick reminisced. “What’s that new phrase they’ve come up with in England? ‘Skinny-dipping?’”
“Something like that.”
“I remember doing that with my friends when I was that age.”
Ari smiled and moved on. “So Ervin turned out to be an exceptional teacher. By early 1943, the whole family was comfortable speaking Hungarian, and Adie had all but mastered Czechoslovakian. About that time, Pesche received word from his partisan friends that a Swedish envoy in Budapest was issuing protective passports to help Jews avoid deportation. The name of the envoy caught Mrs. Behr’s attention. She remembered meeting him at a Berlin social event. The next day Pesche brought a photographer out to make passport photos, and a week later he drove Mrs. Behr to Budapest. The meeting with the envoy went well, and within a month they had their passports.”
“Then, what did they do with their Hungarian papers?”
“Well, they had no way of knowing what the political climate might be in the future, so they just kept everything….
“Anyway, during their time on the farm, Adie’s parents did all they could to expand her education. Voice and piano lessons continued. Mr. Behr taught her all the latest dance steps—some old ones, too. He even schooled her in gemology, using the stones he brought from Berlin. Mrs. Behr kept Adie supplied with classic literature, and Pesche taught her politics.”
———————
Ari brought the family’s time on the farm to a close by showing his friend one final sequence: Adie’s fifteenth birthday celebration. The event was unusual in that her parents allowed Ervin and Pesche to bring a few friends. In addition to the typical birthday festivities, Adie performed a most memorable piano recital.
Ari pieced several segments of the event into a half-hour sequence. At its conclusion, he said, “What you just saw was the family’s last happy occasion. From this point on, things grew worse. The Nazis entered Hungary in the spring of 1944. The first news of the invasion came through Pesche’s partisan contacts. After some thought, Mr. Behr decided to let Ervin go. I think he wanted him to be with his family when the Germans arrived. In any case, Mr. Behr thanked him for his service, gave him six months’ wages, and sent him home. Ervin was upset, but Mr. Behr was adamant. Not long after that, there was a conversation with Pesche I thought you should see.”
> > >
The scene showed Mr. Behr and Pesche seated at the kitchen table. Mrs. Behr and the children were upstairs.
“Trouble is coming, Pesche,” Mr. Behr said with gravity. “You must go.”
Pesche drew back. “No, Mr. Behr, my place is here...to protect the family. For this you hired me.”
“I hired you to protect us from local trouble, not the German Army. If you try to protect us now, you will certainly die, and us with you. Please understand. I am not letting you go. If you are willing, you can still work for me, only in a different way.”
Pesche’s forehead wrinkled. “How, ‘in a different way?’”
“We have the Swiss passports. We should be all right. But if not...if they take us away, I want you to try to find us and do everything you can to free us—even if it’s just one of us. Are you willing to try?”
Pesche smiled. “I will.”
Mr. Behr opened a box he had brought to the table, removed a large sum of money, and placed it in Pesche’s hand. “If we are arrested, use this to hire whoever you need to help us. If we cannot be helped, use the money to fight the Germans.” He then opened a small envelope and poured out a dozen diamonds. “And these are for you, for your excellent service to my family and me.”
Pesche’s eyes began to tear. “No, Mr. Behr—too much.”
Ignoring his objection, Mr. Behr said, “Go now, my friend. The Germans will be coming. Watch from a distance. Who knows, maybe they will leave us alone.”
# # #
“It seems to me that Pesche was a good investment,” Merrick noted. “But didn’t Mr. Behr hold anything back for the family?”
Ari nodded. “He kept several dozen stones and a fair amount of cash. Mrs. Behr concealed the stones in the hems of their clothing and sewed the cash into the lining of their bags.”

CHAPTER 15
“A month later, the Germans reached Kopasvar,” Ari said. “They cleared the buildings in the northwest quarter of town for a ghetto, fanned out into the countryside, and began a systematic round-up of the Jews. On a spring day in 1944, a squad of German soldiers entered the farm.”
> > >
Mr. Behr was standing in front of the barn. He turned at the unfamiliar sound of an approaching vehicle and went to alert the family. After retrieving the Swedish passports, he brought everyone outside and instructed them to remain silent.
The small personnel carrier ground to a halt in front of the house, only yards from the family. A young lieutenant with holstered sidearm dismounted from the passenger side. Two soldiers who stood behind the cab jumped to the ground, shouldered their rifles, and quickly joined him as he approached the family. Their faces were uniformly stern. The lieutenant’s expression altered briefly when he took note of Mrs. Behr. “Papers!” he demanded.
Mr. Behr presented the passports as his wife stood silent. Adie held onto the boys, the youngest clutching a small stuffed bear, the other, a comic book.
“This passport says you are from Sweden,” the lieutenant said with a skeptical look. “If this is so, then say something in Swedish.”
Mr. Behr responded in German. “We were originally from the United States. We do not speak the language.”
“How can you have Swedish passports and not speak a word of the language?” he asked, spreading his arms in a mocking gesture. Then addressing his men from the corner of his mouth—“This Jew thinks he’s going to...what do they say in America...‘pull my leg.’”
The two soldiers started to laugh.
Mr. Behr protested, saying, “Surely not everyone with a German passport speaks German.”
One of the soldiers quickly raised the butt of his gun to strike Mr. Behr, but the lieutenant caught the man mid-swing. “Out of respect for Frau Behr, the distinguished pianist,” he dipped his helmet, “you will not be struck for insolence,” he said in a condescending tone.
Stress registered immediately on Mrs. Behr’s face.
“Yes, Frau Behr, even humble lieutenants like me appreciate a good concert from time to time.” His face hardened. “I know your family is German, and I know your husband is Jewish; the children also. My orders are to bring in all Jews—no exceptions. However, you, Frau Behr, are not a Jew and therefore are free to go.”
“I will not leave my family,” Mrs. Behr said with conviction.
“I expected not,” the lieutenant said, turning back to Mr. Behr. “You may bring two bags—no more. Ten minutes, then we go to Kopasvar. You may present your case to the commandant.”
# # #

CHAPTER 16
“Evidently, the German troops in Kopasvar had very little experience in running a detention facility,” Ari said. “They just checked the family for weapons and assigned them to an upstairs apartment near the center of the ghetto.
“Living conditions were deplorable, and food was scarce. Fortunately, some concerned townspeople managed to persuade the Germans to allow food deliveries. When Pesche got word, he and two other partisans volunteered to help. Then, once inside the ghetto, Pesche arranged a meeting with the Jewish leadership, telling the Germans he needed to coordinate food distribution.” Ari tipped his head toward the display. “This was their first discussion.”
> > >
Five Jewish council members stood opposite the partisans in a ground floor apartment-turned-office. Time was limited, and the conversation moved briskly. Both parties spoke Hungarian.
“It is important you know,” Pesche began, “we are partisans. If the Germans find out, we will die. You must understand, things are very bad for Jews in Hungary. Many are deported to work camps. This place is a waiting station. Soon, all Jews will be loaded on trains and moved north.”
Pesche’s words were blunt and clearly shocked the Jewish leadership. “Why are you telling us this if things are so hopeless?” the head council member asked. “Certainly you don’t expect us to tell everyone. There would be panic.”
“The Germans built this place very fast,” Pesche continued. “We have seen weaknesses…. They brought you in, but took no names. Soon you will be registered. There may still be time to get some of the young people out.”
Appearing skeptical, the councilman asked, “How many? When?”
“Six, maybe ten, but soon, very soon. Keep these young ones inside, away from the guards, so when they leave, they will not be missed.”
“You said, ‘young people.’ How young?”
“Teenage...maybe fourteen...eighteen; like that. They must be strong to walk a long distance for many days.”
“Why? Where will you take them?”
“Partisan camps in Hungary; maybe Czechoslovakia. We will send a message back so you know.” Pesche looked intently at the head council member. “We must go now. Think about this. Talk with the parents who have children this age. We will try to come back tomorrow. You must have an answer. There may be no other chance to talk.”
The councilman gave a nod. “We will have an answer...and thank you for taking the risk to see us.”
Pesche remained stern-faced. “If tomorrow you say, ‘yes,’ we will discuss a plan. One thing more—tell Mr. Behr, Pesche was here.”
# # #
“What did Pesche mean by ‘weaknesses?’” Merrick asked.
“Just that the Germans were in such a rush to set up the ghetto, they hadn’t adequately planned to contain the population. Pesche and his comrades discovered a few weak areas in the Germans’ strategy and planned to take advantage.”
“So how did Adie’s parents take all this?”
“Not well—as you might expect. For Mr. Behr, the thought of sending Adie away was pure torment; while at the same time I think he found some consolation in knowing that she would be in Pesche’s care. Ultimately, he came to terms with it and spoke with Mrs. Behr. As I recall, the dialogue was fairly heated. She felt the risks were too high—higher than keeping Adie in the ghetto. But Mr. Behr was determined, and eventually she gave in. Even so, when they spoke with Adie the next day, it all started over again—very difficult, very emotional. In the end, Adie promised to obey her parents and go, with the hope of seeing them again after the war.
“Here’s what happened the next day when Pesche returned.”
> > >
Pesche stood alone this time, facing all eight council members. He was quick and focused. “Someone must watch at the window for the Germans,” he said. “Quickly, what is your decision?”
“Seven families have agreed; eight children in all,” the head council member said.
“Is Adie Behr one of these?”
With a confused expression, the head member said, “Yes, why?”
“I will speak quickly, now. Please listen carefully. I have worked for Mr. Behr five years. He continues to employ me. I promised to help if his family was arrested. Tell him I have spoken with my comrades. We feel that their boys are too young to travel and pose too great a risk. So, I can only help Adie.” Pesche paused for effect. “Now—very important: We will not take the others without Adie. She must be with them.” Pesche scanned the council. “Do you understand this?”
They responded with a nod.
“Then this I promise. We will protect all these children with our lives.” Pesche’s expression was bold and unswerving. “Now, here is our plan. On Sunday, week after next, at half past one in the morning, we will be at the edge of the wooded area on the northwest corner of the ghetto. The building on that corner has six upstairs apartments. Put two children in each of the four apartments closest to the corner. The Germans have boarded up the apartments below and sealed the upstairs windows where the children will be, so they should not expect an escape there. Between now and then, scrape the caulking and pry the nails from these window frames so you can remove them quickly. On the night of the escape, listen for gunfire and some explosions from the southeast. The gunfire will continue. There have been partisan attacks to the east lately. The Germans will think that partisans are coming to liberate the ghetto. When you hear the first shots, have someone set fire to the abandoned store on the southeast corner of the ghetto—a big fire. Use things that burn fast. This should draw most of the sentries. The northwest corner is lightly patrolled, anyway. Be ready. When you see a light flash from the trees, remove the windows and lower the young people to the ground. Have them run quickly to the woods. We will find them and take—”
“German guard!” the lookout warned. “Coming this way!”
“Make sure you prepare everything carefully beforehand,” Pesche said, accelerating his words, “and make sure the young ones dress in dark clothes.”
The door swung open and slammed into the wall. The soldier stomped into the room, his boots echoing loudly off the wooden floor. In a commanding voice and eyeing Pesche with disdain, he shouted, “Enough! Out! You must go!”
Pesche’s humble nod did little to appease the soldier, who gave him a rude shove to quicken his pace.
# # #
“The head of the council wasted no time in passing the plan along to the parents,” said Ari. “The Behrs and a few other parents thought it might be a good idea to contact the resident doctor to see if there was anything they could do to prepare the children for their journey. The doctor recommended as much exercise as they could stand and as much food as could be spared. They exercised inside to avoid the guards.
“It was clear early on that the young people would need something to carry their food and personal things. Fortunately, several women had brought sewing kits into the ghetto and volunteered to make rucksacks. Meanwhile, Mrs. Behr removed the jewels from the seams of Adie’s regular clothes and sewed them plus a fair amount of money into the dark clothes she would wear for the escape.
“Over the next few days, Mr. Behr discussed a number of subjects with Adie, such as Pesche’s commitment to the family and the partisans’ plan for escape, including the ultimatum.”
“Ultimatum?” Merrick said. “You mean, ‘Take Adie, or the deal’s off?’”
Ari nodded. “Her father also reminded her of the strongbox he had buried, that if she ever went back for it, she could get a fair price for the jewels from his old friend, Mr. Braunstein, in New York.
“Now, about a week before the planned escape, an unsettling event occurred in eastern Hungary. Several Jewish partisans attacked a Gestapo train carrying Jews north to a concentration camp. They freed hundreds, but killed the Gestapo guards and the train crew. Word of the incident arrived in Kopasvar the next day, and as you might expect, the humiliation infuriated the Germans—put them in an ugly mood.”
“Good grief,” Merrick said.
“Listen, my friend, I should warn you...some of this next sequence is disturbing. But if you want to know who Adie is, then it’s something you should see. For me, watching this was pure torture—haunted me for weeks. So if you don’t mind, I’m going to step into the bedroom. Zoey will let me know when it’s over. Are you okay with this?”
“I am.”
Ari stepped out, and the sequence began.
> > >
The family sat around the table, eating a meager dinner. Mr. Behr finished and went into the bedroom.
Adie had eaten sparingly, and when her mother walked into the kitchen, she quietly shared what remained on her plate with her brothers.
Merrick uttered a soft groan, impressed as always with her kindness.
Joining her mother at the sink, Adie said, “Mama, why do I have to go? I’d rather stay with you and Papa. Anyway, Davy and Gil need me.”
“Nonsense,” her mother scolded. “Others are counting on you. You must go, and that’s the end of it.”
Mr. Behr emerged from the bedroom. “And what is this about?”
Mrs. Behr turned and smiled. “Just girl-talk,” she said, not wishing to revisit the already sensitive issue.
Adie retrieved the plates from the table and returned to the kitchen while Davy, comic book in hand, retreated with Gil to the balcony where a tug-of-war began.
“You know the rules,” Mrs. Behr cautioned in a low but stern voice, “no noise or fighting!”
The boys were clearly beyond listening, pulling at the comic with all their might. Then Gil suddenly lost his grip and Davy stumbled backward against the waist-high balcony, knocking a flowerpot off the ledge. The crash came seconds later as the pot shattered loudly on the sidewalk below. Mr. Behr quickly motioned the boys back into the apartment. He walked to the balcony and looked over, locking eyes with one of two enraged guards narrowly missed by the pot.
“No—no,” Merrick mumbled as the drama played out.
The guards entered the building and bolted up the stairs. The apartment door burst open, and they began hurling insults as they took hold of Mr. and Mrs. Behr. Trying to remain calm, Mr. Behr took responsibility for the ‘accident.’ The reaction was immediate; a fist to the jaw that nearly knocked him off his feet. As the guards began to drag them from the apartment, Adie lunged forward in an effort to free her mother from the German’s grip. The soldier, seeing her coming, spun her mother out of the way and kicked Adie’s legs out from under her. Her glasses flew off, and she crashed to the floor. As she started to rise, the soldier unslung his rifle and mercilessly slammed her in the face, impacting her left eye. She fell to the floor unconscious.
Her parents were barely out of the building when neighbors rushed into the apartment. The woman from next door crouched to help Adie and sent her husband for the doctor.
# # #   Thirty Minutes Later   > > >
Adie was lying in her bed, still unconscious with a bandage over one eye.
Referring to Adie’s brothers, the doctor asked, “Who will take care of them while their parents are confined?”
“My husband and I,” the neighbor said, glancing down at Adie. “Is she going to be all right?”
The doctor gave a halfhearted nod. “Looks like a mild concussion. She should be conscious soon.” He paused. “It’s her vision that concerns me. I’m afraid she may have lost sight in that eye.”
The neighbor groaned. “How heartless...heartless…. What should we do?”
“Just keep the eye covered for now.” He passed her an extra dressing for the wound. “Rest is important. She’s young. I expect a quick recovery.” Adie began to stir. “See, already she wakes.”
# # #
Merrick felt crushed as Ari approached from the bedroom. “What an incredible disregard for human life...were they all so merciless?” he asked, referring to the soldiers.
“Unfortunately, many were,” Ari said. “In this case though, the train incident put them on edge, ready to strike out at the slightest thing. Sadly, it didn’t stop there. The commandant was so bent on revenge that the following morning he took Adie’s parents and four others into a back alley and set them before a firing squad. They were all completely innocent.”
Merrick’s eyes locked on the floor. He tried with difficulty to process Ari’s words.
For Ari, Merrick’s sadness was painful to watch.
“I know that bad things happen in war,” Merrick said. “It’s just...well...this is personal.” He continued staring at the floor.
“Yes,” Ari said, “just as I felt. You wish there were something you could do, but you’re powerless—helpless.”
Merrick looked tired.
“Well, my friend, I think maybe you’ve seen enough for one day. We can pick this up another time.”
Merrick glanced at Ari. “If it’s okay with you, I’d like to go on for just a bit. I don’t see how things could get any worse, and I’d like to end on a more positive note.”
Ari gave a nod and went to the kitchen for drinks, picking up the conversation as he returned. “The Jewish leadership kept her parents’ death a secret. They were afraid Adie might become bitter and refuse to leave, which would have blocked the other children from escaping. So they just kept leading her on. She recovered from the injury more quickly than expected, though she did lose sight in the eye and retained some minor scarring.
“A few days before the planned escape, she agreed that her brothers should move in with the neighbors. That way, if they delayed her parents’ release, at least her brothers would feel secure.
“As you might expect, her last day was difficult, not being able to say goodbye to her parents and having to leave her brothers with strangers. But she had committed to go, so that night she packed her things and met up with the others.”

CHAPTER 17
> > >
From the corner apartment, Adie and her young companion peered out across the field toward the treeline. Four men stood ready to remove the window and lower them to the ground. Her eye still showed some swelling, with a pronounced oblong bruise extending from the center of her forehead to her left temple. She wore a dark hooded upper garment with matching eye patch and charcoal gray trousers. Her boots, donated by another family, fit well and were in excellent condition.
“Adie, you will be first,” one of the men said. He passed her the looped end of a heavy rope. “Put this over your head and under your arms with the knot in the back. Keep the rope high across your chest. Drop your arms tightly against your sides and clasp your hands across your waist. When it’s time, David and I will set you on the windowsill. Don’t worry, we will be there to keep you steady. Then we will lift you and place you against the outside wall, and these other men will lower you to the ground. Use your elbows and legs to keep yourself facing out. Do you understand?”
Adie gave a nod.
He noted her resolute posture and focused expression. “You look brave…. You make me feel proud. You make us all proud.”
“Thank you,” she said, continuing to eye the moonlit treeline some fifty yards away.
At exactly half past one, the first shots rang out.
“That seems close,” observed one of the men. “Much closer than I would have thought.”
A number of pronounced explosions followed, the concussions rattling the apartment. Rifle fire picked up again and intensified.
Using stolen gasoline, men set fire to the building on the opposite corner of the ghetto. The blaze accelerated quickly and began to cast a dim, flickering light on the trees across from Adie’s window. Soldiers were shouting and running through the streets toward the burning building. Some began firing in the direction of the explosions.
In the upper apartments, everyone stood silent—poised and ready. Then, from the woods, a small light flashed three times in rapid succession.
“That’s it,” one man said. “Let’s go.”
They removed the wedges from the window frame, slid the window free, and placed it against the side wall. Then, straddling the opening, they helped Adie into position and dropped her rucksack to the ground. Once ready, each man grabbed an arm and carefully swung her out and down, her back against the wall. The two men holding the rope briskly lowered her to the ground. She slipped the rope off, grabbed her rucksack, and dashed for the trees, with the other three teens close behind. Pesche briefly stepped into the open and motioned Adie in his direction.
Her heart racing, she approached and hugged him tightly. “Thank you...thank you for this,” she said in muted tones.
“Yes, yes, young one, but we must be quiet now and wait for the others.”
Minutes later, all eight youths were present: Two girls and six boys. The partisans checked them for injuries, and finding none, led them off into the darkness to the north.
# # #
“Okay!” Merrick said, relieved. “Finally things are looking up. Twelve people, though—that’s an awfully big group to hide.”
“Yes, but they only traveled that way for a short time,” Ari said. “Just before dawn, they reached a fork in the trail and split into two groups. Adie and three of the boys went with Pesche and another man. They traveled three days to the northwest, skirted the western shore of Lake Balaton, then continued another three days to a partisan camp hidden in a large, forested area. The other group went around the opposite end of the lake to a camp some distance beyond. I had ops monitor their progress. They made it just fine.”
“So, how did everyone survive and keep out of sight?”
Ari nodded. “While on the trail, Pesche spent time teaching them how to evade the Germans. He was familiar with the territory between Kopasvar and Czechoslovakia and was able to take advantage of abandoned farmhouses, barns, and families sympathetic to their cause. Plus, it was late spring, so food was plentiful.
“Now, a week before the escape, Pesche had walked the same trail for a full day to meet with a partisan commander. After some money exchanged hands, the commander guaranteed the children’s safe passage. He also sent word on to the next partisan unit.”
Merrick raised an eyebrow. “So that’s how they did it—sent word ahead.”
“Absolutely. It kept them from being mistaken for German collaborators. Typically, a sentry would meet them on the trail and escort them into camp. Then, the next morning, they were escorted out."
“The children were Jewish, though. I assume that was okay with the partisans?”
Ari shook his head. “Not necessarily...Anti-Semitism was widespread, and partisans were no exception. Pesche warned Adie and the others not to discuss their Jewish background. For both groups of children, the men had purposely selected units with Jewish members, so when they finally reached their destinations, the partisans accepted them without issue. Adie went straight to work as the cook’s assistant, and the boys were assigned as foragers.”
Merrick checked his wrist display. “Oh brother, I nearly forgot. We have Bible study in an hour. I need to go over my notes.”
Ari grimaced. “That completely slipped my mind…. This is probably a good stopping point, anyway. I think a couple more sessions and you should be up to date.”
They met at the same time, four days later.

CHAPTER 18
“Not long after the young people arrived at the camp,” said Ari, “two partisans stopped in from Czechoslovakia to visit relatives. Their unit’s cook had been arrested by the Nazis, and they were lamenting the loss. As it turns out, Adie’s commander overheard the exchange, and after some deliberation, told them that he was quite happy with his cook, and they were welcome to take Adie back with them. Actually, I think he just saw Adie as another mouth to feed, but regardless, a week later she was off to Czechoslovakia. Now, for Pesche, this was welcome news, as he had been planning to return home anyway. Their destination was a Czech camp in the Tatra Mountains—three hard weeks on the trail.”
“That’s quite some hike,” Merrick said.
“Well, it was difficult, and Adie was homesick. Nevertheless, after two weeks her endurance improved and the depression began to ease. They reached the camp near the end of the third week.”
Ari presented a brief sequence showing the partisan command post and surrounding countryside.
———————
The Czech unit consisted of nearly one hundred fighters. They had set up their command post in a large cave, halfway up the east side of a narrow ravine. The terrain was rocky, and an outcropping shielded the cave from the valley below. Beyond the entrance and farther up the mountain, the ravine split in three directions, providing multiple escape routes in the event of trouble. Less than a quarter of the unit’s members occupied the cave at any one time. Guard duty, foraging, and skirmishes with the Germans kept the majority of partisans busy elsewhere. The cave residents typically included the senior staff, a dozen fighters, and support personnel.
———————
“Shortly after arriving in camp,” said Ari, “they were surprised to discover the unit had already taken on a new cook. Even so, no one complained about the new arrival. I think Adie’s injury and the accompanying story may have helped. Anyway, the commander assigned her two duties: cook’s helper and medic’s assistant. As it turned out, the cook was decidedly territorial, so Adie spent most of her time with the medic, who was happy to have her and used every medical incident as a training exercise.”
“With so many people,” said Merrick, “where did they get supplies, like food and clothing?”
“Yes, the mountains did make life interesting,” replied Ari. “Most of their support came from local farmers and townspeople, though the towns were some distance away. Oddly enough, the Germans supplied some things, unwittingly of course. Skirmishes and ambushes were a ready source of weapons, clothing, and other things. Also, a few months before Adie arrived, the Russians had begun airdropping supplies to resistance fighters all over Eastern Europe.”
———————
Airdrops took place in a narrow valley not far from the command post. The planes came in at treetop level, perpendicular to the valley. Then, as they cleared the first ridge, they released their payload. The parachutes barely had time to deploy before the containers struck the ground on the opposite slope. Steep terrain and dense forest rendered the drops virtually unobservable except for a single partisan sentry posted on a nearby outcropping.
———————
“So what were they dropping?” Merrick asked.
“Things you would expect—weapons, blankets, medical supplies and such. Oh, they did get one drop from an American bomber. The Allies had made several attempts to destroy a tank factory some distance to the north. It seems on one occasion the sentries got a crew’s attention, and a few days later a plane dropped two containers. One held three machine guns...like they use in the mobster movies...some ammunition and plastic explosives. The other was full of canned food and medical supplies...even a few surgical instruments. The morphine was particularly appreciated.”
“So how did these people get by with just a medic—what about gunshot wounds?”
“Well, unfortunately doctors were scarce. Most partisan units just had to make-do and treat the wounded themselves. Though Viktor, the medic Adie worked with, was experienced and fairly well supplied.”
———————
Viktor was plain looking and average in height. He wore a navy blue sweater with dark green trousers and German officer’s boots that reached mid-calf. A Panzer field cap did little to contain his shoulder-length hair. He seemed old at twenty-eight, the war having taken its toll. And though he enjoyed the company of others, at times he was honest to the point of heartlessness. Yet he was highly valued and well respected.
———————
Ari cued another sequence and continued. “Not long after Adie arrived, several freedom-fighters were caught in a skirmish with a German patrol. Eventually the fighters were able to outflank and destroy the Germans, but they suffered three casualties in the process. The injured were carried back to camp on horseback. One died along the way. The others’ wounds were not life threatening but needed immediate attention. The fighters sent a rider ahead to alert the medic.”
> > >
It was a pleasant day. Viktor and Adie stood outside the cave as the partisans made their way up the ravine.
“You have a problem with blood?” Viktor asked.
“I don’t think so,” Adie said, somewhat hesitant.
“That’s good, because this may be a little messy.”
Before long, the horses drew close, and Viktor stepped away to receive them. “Put these men over there,” he said, pointing to the stretchers just inside the treeline. He followed them over and began to assess the wounds.
Adie joined him. “Are they going to be all right?”
Viktor’s tone was callous. “Not that one, he’s gone.” Blood covered the man’s upper torso. “Shot through the neck...very bad—shoulder and side, too. But the neck, that’s the one that killed him.” Viktor shifted his attention to the other men—one unconscious, the other alert and wincing in pain from a graze to the head. “These two should be fine.”
Adie frowned. “But that one’s knocked out.”
“He’s just lost a little blood—leg wound—bullet went clean through.” Viktor passed her a cloth. “Here, why don’t you soak this and clean that head wound while I see to this man’s leg?” He described the procedure in detail for Adie’s benefit. “I’m doing a general cleaning of the wound. I see the bullet cut a clean hole in his trousers, so I am checking the wound for debris. Sometimes the bullet will carry...uh-huh...as I thought—a small piece of cloth just inside the bullet hole... Okay, now I will disinfect and apply the dressing.”
When finished, Viktor helped the fighters move the injured men into the cave and then rejoined Adie under the trees. He unrolled a heavy cloth containing a selection of surgical tools. “Compliments of our American friends,” he said and began to explain their uses.
Adie listened attentively, periodically glancing over at the dead man.
Sensing her discomfort, Viktor said, “You know, if it were me lying there, I don’t think I would like to go to the grave with bullets inside. What do you say we help this poor fellow?” He passed her a probe. “Here, give it a try? I’ll talk you through.”
Adie’s discomfort quickly turned to dread. “I don’t know if I can—”
“Don’t worry, you can’t hurt him now. He’s beyond all that…. Look, I’m the only medic in this unit. If I am away—or worse, if I am killed, you will be the only one left to take care of these people. If you can do this work, things will be much better for everyone. You must decide. Do you wish to learn this, or would you prefer to help the cook?”
Adie reluctantly gave in, and Viktor carefully guided her through the extractions.
“Nicely done,” he said as she removed the final bullet. “If those were his only two wounds, I think he might still be with us.”
Adie passed Viktor the forceps. “These tools...this would be difficult—”
“Just about impossible without them,” Viktor interjected. “Now, why don’t we clean him up? Then you can show me how you would disinfect and dress the wounds. You’ll have to use your imagination, though. We can’t afford to waste supplies.”
# # #
“I thought she handled that fairly well,” Merrick said.
Ari gave a nod. “Indeed—and the very next week she had the opportunity to put those skills to the test.”
Merrick shifted uncomfortably in his seat. “Why would the medic allow that—seems risky?”
“She didn’t have a choice,” Ari said. “Viktor was out helping a partisan unit several miles away and took most of the surgical instruments with him. All he left Adie was a probe and a pair of long forceps.”
“So, what happened?”
“Well, about a half dozen members of Adie’s unit were ambushed on their way to town. Fortunately, the Germans were firing from a distance and on the opposite side of a river. The partisans managed to escape, but two were wounded in the process—one mortally. Men from a nearby unit came to their aid and loaned them a few mules to carry the wounded back to camp. I thought you might want to see how Adie handled it.”
> > >
Large raindrops slapped incessantly on the rocks outside the cave. Inside, Adie was assisting the cook with the evening meal. The room darkened, and both women turned to see a figure standing at the entrance.
“Injured coming in,” the sentry announced. “Just got a signal from the valley. Looks like two.”
Adie glanced at the cook. “May I use that pan of boiling water? I’ll need to sterilize a few things.” With the cook’s approval, Adie retrieved the probe and forceps from across the room, dropped them into the pot, and joined the sentry at the entrance. “We need a couple of those stretchers in here,” she said, pointing to the treeline.
The sentry walked into an adjoining room and returned with another guard. “We’ll get them.”
Adie followed the men outside.
Small figures were making their way up the ravine from the valley below. As they came closer, she could make out four people on foot leading two mules—their lifeless human burdens draped over their saddles. She stepped back into the cave as the guards returned with the stretchers.
“I’ll need those over there by the torches,” she said.
The men complied, and the sentry returned to his post.
Adie asked the other guard if he would find some men to help move the wounded to the stretchers.
Minutes later, she heard the sound of hoofs approaching the entrance. The partisans, exhausted and soaked to the bone, waited in the rain until the guards carried in their wounded comrades.
After looking the men over, Adie declared one man dead. He had taken a single bullet in his side which had passed through his rib cage and into his upper chest—no exit wound. The other man, who looked to be in his late thirties, was unconscious. Adie took his pulse and respiration. She found two bullet wounds: one high on his chest just under his right collarbone. The other had passed through the rear portion of his left arm just above the elbow and entered his side. Taking a shallow path through the back of his rib cage, it had come to rest just under the skin—a bullet-sized bump about an inch from his backbone. Adie moved quickly to treat and pack the wounds.
One of the partisans, barely a teenager, haltingly approached the injured man. At first glance, Adie thought the boy’s face was wet with rain, but noticed his eyes were red and swollen—the dampness, not rain, but tears. “What is it?” she asked the boy. “Do you know him?”
The boy began to cry. “He’s my papa.”
Adie’s emotions stirred. “Well, for goodness sake! Why didn’t someone tell me?” She stood up to console him. After a moment she excused herself and stepped across the chamber to the cook. “Leona, I didn’t realize this was the injured man’s son. Would you mind distracting him while I try to remove these bullets?”
With a brief nod, the cook walked over to address the boy. “Say, you look cold. Why don’t you come over by the fire and warm up? I’ll fix you a potato.... Don’t worry about your papa. He’s in good hands.”
Adie approached the man’s comrades in search of a sharp knife. Finding one, she returned to the boiling water, removed the surgical tools, and dropped the knife in. She then called one of the partisans over to assist with the surgery.
Dealing with the chest wound first, they rolled the patient onto his back, making sure to pad the area around the second bullet. Then, using the probe, Adie gently felt for the walls of the hole and worked deeper into the wound. “I wonder why the bullet didn’t go all the way through,” she said, frowning.
The partisan gave the question some thought. “We were in a rocky place. It might have hit something first.”
“I think I found it,” Adie said, half-smiling. “It is in deep, though.” She carefully withdrew the probe and picked up the forceps. Then, holding them closed, she reentered the wound and soon made contact with the slug. As she opened the jaws and grasped the bullet, the injured man groaned loudly, and his eyes flashed open. He took a deep breath and once again lost consciousness. Adie remained motionless until she was sure he was out, then slowly extracted the bullet and dropped it into her assistant’s hand. She dressed the wound before moving on.
“You are young for a doctor, I think,” her assistant said, “but very good.”
To Adie, the compliment was welcome encouragement. “Thank you, but we’re not done. Why don’t we roll him onto his stomach? Careful now.” After retrieving the knife from the boiling water, she returned to clean the area around the protruding bump. Then, using the knife, she made a small incision, and with the forceps, removed the slug.
Aware that Adie had finished, the cook sent the boy over to check on his father.
Adie stood as he came close. “Your papa should be fine,” she said, sensing the boy’s anxiety. “Of course, there will be pain, and when he wakes he will need your help, but for now what he needs most is rest.”
# # #
“Mighty impressive for someone with limited experience and not much to work with,” Merrick observed.
“Actually, between the previous incident and this one, her medical training was almost nonstop,” Ari said. “Viktor went through scenario after scenario with her—a pretty thorough guy for a field medic. Anyway, when he returned from helping the other unit, he offered nothing but praise.
“Over the next two months he expanded her training even further, teaching her how to evade the enemy, set up a primitive camp, even make a bed out of pine boughs. In the process, she became more familiar with the mountain trails and soon began volunteering as a runner, carrying messages out to the sentries standing post. In the weeks that followed, the unit experienced casualties on three separate occasions. Twice, Viktor talked her through bullet extractions, and once he helped her set a broken arm. Then toward the end of August and on into September, things happened that changed the course of her life.
“It all started in late August when an American bomber returning from a night raid over northern Czechoslovakia caught fire and went down a few miles from the camp. Three crewmen managed to bail out before the plane exploded. A partisan scout reported the incident, and the next morning Adie’s unit mounted a search. They found two of the airmen dead. A stiff breeze the night before had slammed one crewman into a tree—broke his neck. The other died from shrapnel wounds before they could reach him.”
“And the third man?” Merrick asked.
Ari gestured toward the display. “This took place later that day, just a few days after Adie’s sixteenth birthday.”

CHAPTER 19
> > >
It was early afternoon, a sunny day with blue skies down to the horizon. A blustery wind had started the day before and intensified overnight, now howling as it raced through the pines. Adie leaned into the stiff breeze, wending her way along a rising trail, nearly two miles from the command post. She carried a message and provisions for a sentry positioned on a bluff, high above and to her left. To reach his position, she needed to pass below the bluff and then begin a steep ascent via switchbacks to the top.
She wore the dark green uniform of a partisan and the leather boots she received before escaping the ghetto. Her hair was in a ponytail. A black patch covered her left eye. At 5 feet, 10 inches, she was almost fully grown.
Rigo, her intelligent hiking companion, stood only half her height, which was amazingly tall for a German shepherd. He was completely black—strikingly so, which to Adie was sometimes more than a little disconcerting—this due to his annoying habit of walking silently behind her for extended periods. The problem arose when she forgot he was there. Typically, she would be walking along daydreaming, turn to look at something, and out of the corner of her eye, catch a large black object moving along behind her. “Well, you little devil,” she would say, fighting off panic. More than once, she had related the experience to her comrades, who always enjoyed a good laugh.
The wind and the incline were beginning to take their toll. Signs of exhaustion showed on her face as she plodded along, now less than a hundred yards from the base of the bluff. Rigo had taken up his customary position several paces back. Then an unfamiliar scent entered his nostrils, and he froze mid-stride, ears erect, expression hardened—staring intently at the trail ahead. A split second later, he was moving again, but at a quickened pace. He brushed Adie’s leg, turned in, and blocked her path.
Adie was visibly shaken. “My word, Rigo, what’s gotten into you? You nearly tripped me.” The shepherd just stood there, staring up the trail, pressing his weight back against her legs. “What is it, boy?”
Rigo began a deep growl, almost inaudible at first, then increasing in intensity as the hair on his back began to rise.
A half dozen rifle shots rang out in quick succession, followed by the loud “pop, pop” of a large caliber pistol. Adie flinched, ducked down, and held onto Rigo. The rifle fire seemed to be coming from across the ravine—ahead, down, and to the right. The pistol, however, was much closer. Seconds later a man dressed in a heavy brown leather jacket and matching trousers staggered around a large boulder at the base of the bluff and tried to make his way down the trail in Adie’s direction. He glanced back, caught his foot on a half-buried rock, and collapsed to the ground in obvious pain. More rifle fire echoed through the trees, this time from the bluff high above and from at least three different positions on the opposite side of the ravine...then silence.
Adie recognized the injured man’s uniform from magazine pictures of American airmen. She patted Rigo on the back, “It’s okay, boy. He’s a friend. Let’s go see if we can help.” She stood, and Rigo began to move forward, staying a few steps ahead, being careful to keep himself between Adie and the injured man.
The sentry on the bluff above began to shout across the ravine to his comrades who were making their way down to a clump of trees where four German soldiers lay dead.
By the time Adie and Rigo reached the man, he was lying motionless on his side. Adie knelt and placed her rucksack under his head while Rigo kept his eyes on the trail ahead. Adie couldn’t miss the jagged piece of shrapnel protruding through the back of the man’s jacket. She uncapped her canteen and encouraged him to drink.
Though bordering on unconsciousness, the airman managed a few gulps. He looked up at Adie, trying to focus. “Rachel...what on Earth are you doing here? Go home, it’s too dangerous,” he said, nearly incoherent.
“My name is Adie. I’m here to help you,” she said, in perfect English. “You have an injury behind your shoulder. Are there any others?”
“Any others...any other what?” he responded in confusion.
“Injuries—are there any other injuries, or is it just your back?”
“Oh...oh, just the back; just the back.”
Finding no insignia on his uniform, Adie asked for his name.
“Col. Bogie...Michael J.,” the man said, grimacing.
Adie looked around. “Can you walk? I want to help you over into the trees. It’s more comfortable there and out of the sun. Can you do that?”
“Sure, sure...can do.” With Adie’s help, he struggled to his feet and began to move forward, swaying in one direction, then the other. “Boy is my head spinning...sure hope we get there soon.”
“It’s only a short way,” encouraged Adie. “You’re doing fine.”
When they reached the trees, she gently laid him down on the soft pine needles and called Rigo. “I have to go for help. Rigo will watch you until I return.”
“Rigo...who’s Rigo?”
The shepherd came bounding up, stopping abruptly beside Adie, only inches from the colonel.
Colonel Bogie jerked back in a moment of lucidity. “Holy Moses, that’s a big dog!” he exclaimed. Rigo leaned down and licked him on the forehead. “...but a nice dog.”
Adie turned to Rigo. “You stay here with the colonel. I’ll go for help.” Rigo laid down beside Colonel Bogie, and Adie headed for the bluff, stopping part way up the trail to pick up the colonel’s pistol. She quickly returned. “You must have dropped this when you fell,” she said, carefully passing him the weapon. “Anyway, you won’t need it anymore. Rigo’s like a one-man army. You ought to see him when he’s not such a nice dog.” She passed the colonel her canteen before once again heading for the bluff.
Colonel Bogie looked at Rigo, gave him a friendly pat, and shifted to a more comfortable position.
# # #
“You know, I never cease to be amazed at her composure,” Merrick said of Adie. “How can she maintain a sense of humor with all that going on?”
“What can I say?” Ari said, shrugging. “She’s a never-ending source of fascination.”
“So how did they get the colonel out?”
“Horseback,” Ari said, gesturing toward the screen.
> > >
The sentry came down on one knee to shake the colonel’s hand. “I must return to camp for a horse,” he said, and Adie translated.
Feeling some relief from dehydration, Colonel Bogie asked the sentry about the Germans.
“Dead—all dead,” the sentry said, standing to his feet. “We had the high ground—caught them in a crossfire. This place is our home. They know nothing of these mountains...a dangerous place for Germans, I think.”
“I understand…. Well, it was good you folks came along. Thanks for your help.”
The sentry tipped his hat. “I will be back with the animal.” He turned and trotted off down the trail.
Colonel Bogie looked up at Adie. “I’m intrigued,” he said. “How is it that I find myself in the mountains of Czechoslovakia having a conversation with a young lady who speaks perfect English...and is that a hint of a New York accent I’m hearing?”
Adie smiled. “I was born in America. I lived on Long Island when I was younger—Garden City.”
“Then we’re practically neighbors. I’m from Port Jefferson, up on the Sound,” the colonel said, referring to Long Island Sound.
Colonel Bogie’s words seemed to bring Adie comfort. “I’m happy to know you,” she said with a broad smile.
“So, Miss Adie, what brings a New Yorker to the mountains of Czechoslovakia?”
Adie sighed. “It’s a long story. Are you sure you want to hear all that?”
Colonel Bogie’s attempt at a smile turned into a grimace. “Hey, you’ve got a captive audience here. Shoot—I’m all ears.”
“Well, I’ll try to shorten it a little,” Adie said, taking a moment to arrange her thoughts. “So...my father was from Berlin originally. His father was a jeweler—very successful. When my father finished his schooling and learned the business, my grandfather sent him to New York to start a business of his own. As it turned out, he did very well, but when I was six, my grandpa died—and with no one to run my grandpa’s store, my father sold everything, and we went back to Berlin. Of course, we are Jewish, and things got very bad for us there. In fact, things were so bad that we moved to Hungary and lived on a farm. For a few years we were okay—at least until the Germans came and confined us in Kopasvar….
“Now, my papa had hired a few men to work on the farm. One was a partisan. When we were arrested, he and a few of his friends snuck into the ghetto and arranged for some of the older children to escape. There were eight of us; though, once we got out, we split up. My group went to a partisan camp in northern Hungary. Then, before long, some Czech partisans came through and saw me helping the cook. They said their unit had lost its cook and needed a replacement. So here I am—but as it turns out, they didn’t need a cook as much as a medic.”
The colonel smiled. “Then you’re a medic?”
“Yes, among other things...and speaking of medical things, I need to look at your back. We should try to get that jacket off. Is that okay?”
“I think so.”
“Do you know there’s a piece of metal sticking out behind your shoulder?”
“Believe me,” the colonel said, taking a labored breath. “I’m aware….”
The colonel sat up, and Adie examined the wound. “I have no idea how deep this is, so we need to be careful.”
“Roger that, Miss Adie.” He slowly leaned forward.
“Okay, I’m going to hold your jacket in place while you bend your right arm back under. Try to press your arm up toward the middle of your back.”
“Sounds like a good plan.”
Seeing Colonel Bogie’s pained expression, Adie slowly slipped the sleeve off his arm. “Okay, now comes the hard part. I’m going to try to lift the jacket off your back without disturbing the shrapnel.” She slowly pulled the jacket back and slightly to the right to keep the pressure off the fragment.
As it slipped smoothly through the hole, the colonel hissed loudly and drew a deep breath. “Mercy!” he said, gritting his teeth.
“I can imagine,” Adie sympathized, laying the jacket beside him. A streak of blood ran down the back of his flight suit, but stopped at his waist. “It’s not bleeding as much as I would have thought. That’s good, but I’m afraid if we want it to stay that way, we need to leave it alone until we get to the command post. I brought some bandages and disinfectant but no surgical tools. If we try to remove it without them, things could get much worse.”
The colonel nodded his understanding. “You’re the Doc...whatever you think.”
“I did bring a knife, though. I should cut the material back a little around the wound to remove some pressure.”
“Good deal.”
Adie removed a small knife from the sheath on her hip. “So why did you call me Rachel back there?” she asked, tipping her head toward the bluff.
“I’m sorry. I don’t remember that…. Rachel’s my daughter’s name. She’s about your age, though not quite as tall. Which side of the family do you get that from, by the way?”
“My mama’s...she’s pretty tall,” Adie said. “You know, we never went up to Port Jefferson. What’s it like?”
“A wonderful place to grow up—I can tell you that. We lived on the east side of the port, up on a hill. That’s where I live now. The view is spectacular, particularly at sunset with all the small boats bobbing at anchor.
“Anyway, my father was a fisherman. He usually went out alone, but sometimes he would contract his boat to tourists. He was a great guide, and the fishing was unbelievable. We rarely had a bad day.”
Adie applied sulfa powder to the wound as the colonel continued to reminisce. “That sounds delightful. I’ve never been fishing,” she said.
“Oh, there’s nothing like it…. But you have to be in shape. I remember one time we were trolling not far from the inlet when I hooked into this eight-pound bluefish. I was only about twelve years old...must have fought that thing for a half-hour before I brought it in. My arms were so exhausted, they felt like lead. I’ll never forget it. My pop sure was proud. We had some great times, my pop and I.”
“Then he must be ten times as proud of you now,” Adie said. “Aren’t you a pilot?”
“As a matter of fact, I am; though we don’t wear rank on the uniform when we fly.”
Adie looked down at his jacket. “Why such heavy clothes in the middle of summer?”
“You know, Miss Adie, I’m sure it must seem strange, but the simple truth is, it’s cold up there. We cruise at 26,000 feet most of the time. You may not know, but for every thousand feet you go up, the temperature drops three and a half degrees…. I would guess we’re at about 4,000 feet here, and it’s maybe 80 degrees. So if you go up 22,000 feet from here, the temperature drops to nearly zero. Add windchill to that, and you’re well below zero…. Even with this heavy jacket, long underwear, and insulated boots, I still get cold.”
Adie marveled. “My word, I had no idea. Though I must say, that’s a nice jacket. The winters here are awfully cold. You may be happy you have it.”
Colonel Bogie found himself staring at the eye-patch under Adie’s glasses. “Now, Miss Adie, you’ll have to forgive me for being so forward, but what happened to your eye?”
“Oh, that’s okay…. It happened while we were in Kopasvar. My little brother accidentally knocked a flowerpot off our balcony, and it almost hit a German guard...so they broke into our apartment and arrested my parents. I tried to stop them, but one of them hit me in the eye with his gun. I can’t see out of it anymore.”
The colonel frowned. “How cruel…. I’m so sorry.”
“At least it stopped hurting. I’m thankful for that.”
“…So, have you heard anything from your parents since you left?”
“Not yet, but I expect to, soon.”
# # #
“The conversation went nonstop until the sentry returned with the horse,” Ari said. “They didn’t arrive at the command post until well after dark.”
> > >
Having already sterilized the instruments, Viktor took a moment to examine the colonel’s injury. “Didn’t they teach you boys how to duck in pilot school?” he said with a hint of sarcasm. “You know, you might lose the use of that arm...Heck, even if you are able to use it, I doubt you’ll ever have full movement again.” Viktor grinned, having done his best to intimidate the American, and Adie translated.
Colonel Bogie appeared unshaken. “Don’t go all soft on me now, Doc...feel free to tell me like it is,” he said, a smile forming.
“Well, if you don’t mind,” Viktor said, impressed by the colonel’s bravado, “I’m going to be the assistant tonight. Adie will do the work. Now don’t let that bother you.”
Adie looked at Viktor surprised.
“I have no problem with that,” the colonel said, smiling at Adie.
“Oh, you are a brave soul,” Viktor responded.
Adie signaled Viktor that they needed to talk.
“You will excuse us, Colonel,” Viktor said.
The colonel gave a nod, and Viktor joined Adie on the other side of the chamber.
“What is it?” Viktor asked in a low tone.
“You said there are a lot of nerves in the shoulder. That shrapnel looks deep. Shouldn’t we use morphine?”
Viktor frowned and took on a serious tone. “We only have a dozen syrettes left…. Yes, this will be painful, but you and I have seen much worse and may again, very soon.”
“But Viktor, look at all the Americans have done to help us in this war...and didn’t we get some of those syrettes from the American airdrop? Why can’t we say ‘thank you’ in this way, just this one time?”
Viktor’s expression eased as he reflected. “Yes, yes...okay—just this once. Now listen to me. I have cleaned and sterilized a pair of regular pliers. I’m afraid they’re your best option. Just remember, bite down on the metal as tightly as you can, and yank straight up.” He cautioned her again. “Straight up and hard.” He turned and left the room.
Adie returned and prepared the colonel for the extraction. “If you will lie down on your stomach, I’ll cut your uniform back a little more and clean the wound.”
Viktor returned with the morphine.
“We are going to give you some morphine to dull the pain,” Adie said.
“No,” Colonel Bogie protested. “I don’t want to take your morphine. You may need it later.”
Viktor displayed a rare respectful smile, looked intently at Adie and said, “You translate my words—my words exactly.”
Adie agreed.
“Now Colonel, this nice young lady has fought hard for the honor of making this gesture of thanks for all the American sacrifices during this war. Tell me you’re not going to disappoint her?”
Colonel Bogie considered for a moment, clenched his eyes shut and said, “Oh, for Pete’s sake, how can I say no to that!”
They all laughed, and Viktor administered the drug.
# # #   Thirty Minutes Later   > > >
“I think he’s ready,” Viktor said.
“Oh, yeah,” Colonel Bogie affirmed, feeling no pain.
Viktor placed one hand between the colonel’s shoulder blades and the other on his upper left arm, slowly increasing downward pressure.
Adie opened the jaws of the pliers, moved in close, and carefully clamped down on the protruding fragment. After a brief glance at her mentor, she took a deep breath and pulled straight up with all her might.
The colonel gave out a loud groan and laid motionless.
Adie passed the pliers and piece of metal to Viktor. To her relief, the resistance was less than expected.
“Good work,” Viktor said. “But he’s starting to bleed now. Let’s get some pressure on that.”
# # #   The Next Morning   > > >
Adie got up early after a sleepless night, eager to check on her patient.
When she walked into the main chamber, Colonel Bogie was sitting up, alert and revived, his arm in a sling. Aside from the heavy stubble on his face, he looked every bit the American pilot—tightly cropped hair, sturdy frame, and strong jaw line. “And a cheery good morning to you, Miss Adie,” he said, doing his best to mask the pain.
Adie’s sweet smile reflected an obvious appreciation for his kind attention. “Good morning, Colonel,” she replied in a caring tone. “You look much better this morning. How do you feel?”
“Peachy,” he said with enthusiasm.
“Peachy?” she echoed, confused.
“Yeah, peachy. You know...fine.”
“Oh, I understand. That’s good!”
“I really appreciate what you two did. Ya know, I didn’t even feel the stitches.”
“Well, I’m afraid we haven’t done that just yet. The fragment went deep, and we need to leave it open for a few days to heal. We don’t want it to become infected.”
Colonel Bogie raised his eyebrows. “Ah…, good idea.”
“Why don’t I have a look?” She carefully removed the blood-soaked dressing to reveal a deep gash. “I see the bleeding has slowed, but we need to keep up the pressure. When I put on the new dressing, I’m going to place your arm sling over it to hold it in place. I think it would help if you let the weight of your arm pull down on the sling. That will hold the bandage tight and help slow the bleeding some.”
“Makes sense,” the colonel said, impressed with her logic.
Approaching footsteps echoed in the main passage. The unit commander entered the chamber. “And how is our guest this morning?” he called out in a loud, gregarious voice. “Better, I hope.”
Adie translated.
“Fine, sir,” Colonel Bogie said. “And to whom do I owe the pleasure?”
Commander Bursik stepped forward and took the colonel’s hand. “Andrej Bursik, partisan commander, at your service.”
To which, the colonel responded, “Michael J. Bogie, Colonel, US Army-Air Force.”
“Well, my friend, we are happy that you dropped in. Are they treating you well?”
“Couldn’t ask for better.”
The commander yelled across the chamber to the cook. “Leona, how’s the food coming?”
“Almost done,” she yelled back.
Turning back to the colonel, he said, “You look a little pale, my friend, but very good, considering.”
“Yes, I did lose a little blood, but thanks to your fine medical staff,” he said, indicating Adie, “I’m on the mend.”
Adie helped Colonel Bogie to the makeshift dining table, and the cook brought the food.
“My sentries gave me a full report. They say your plane exploded. I understand you were the pilot.”
“Yes, we took flack coming off the target; lost all the instruments. Then a fire started in the back. When we couldn’t control it, I gave the order to bail out, but I think I waited too long. I only saw two other chutes.”
Commander Bursik nodded his agreement. “My sentries confirm three, including yours. How many on your crew?”
“Ten...ten fine men,” the colonel said with a pained expression.
“A terrible loss,” the commander said, dreading the next question.
“Any word on the other two?” the colonel asked.
“I’m afraid I must add to your sadness, my friend—we found them both. One died from shrapnel wounds, like yours; the other hit a tree in the high winds and broke his neck. We buried them on the mountain.”
Colonel Bogie looked at the floor, dejected. “So I was the only survivor,” he said, eyes watering. “I’ll never forgive myself.”
Commander Bursik, feeling his pain, said, “This is war, my friend. What do you Americans say? ‘War is hell.’ Well, war is hell. The most horrible things happen. No one plans them. No one is perfect. We just do the best we can. The rest we leave with God.”
“It should have been me,” the colonel said, full of remorse.
“But it wasn’t you. You must believe that God spared you for a reason. Eat now. You will need your strength. We have prepared a room for you down the tunnel. Adie will show you later. We have placed your men’s side arms, clothing, and personal things there.”
“They weren’t buried in their uniforms?”
“No, my friend; clothing is too valuable and difficult to come by. We didn’t bury the German patrol in their uniforms either. When winter comes, you will understand.”
“I do understand.”
“You are not angry?”
“No, sir...you did what you thought was right. But if it doesn’t cause a problem, I would like to decide who gets their things.”
“Of course...of course. Now perhaps after you eat, Adie will take you outside for some sun and a little of our mountain air.”
# # #   Fifteen Minutes Later   > > >
Adie sat next to Colonel Bogie on a fallen tree not far from the cave entrance. “So where is your base?” she asked.
Colonel Bogie smiled. “Now Miss Adie, I’m really not supposed to discuss things like that with foreign nationals, but since you’re a fellow New Yorker, if you promise to keep everything to yourself….”
She gave a quick nod. “Oh, yes, I will.”
“Then, I’m from Guilia Air Field, in southern Italy. I’m a squadron commander there.”
“Oh, how interesting,” Adie said, relishing the colonel’s confidence. “Where did you go on your mission?”
“Well, there was a panzer factory not too far north of here. I say ‘was’ because it no longer exists. We plastered it.”
“Then your crew did not die in vain. You must be proud of them.”
“Yes, very...I just wish I could have saved them.”
Sensing his discomfort, Adie changed the subject. “And how many children do you have?”
“I have two boys, twelve and fourteen, and of course, Rachel. She’s seventeen.”
“Oh, she’s a year older than me.”
“And she’s very much like you—thoughtful and kind, with a sweet personality.”
Adie blushed and turned away.
# # #
“A few days later, Col. Bogie’s wound had healed sufficiently for stitches,” Ari said. “Commander Bursik encouraged him to build up his stamina if he had any hopes of returning to his unit. So the colonel began to accompany Adie on her visits to the sentry posts—short distances at first—but before long the walks were quite strenuous.”
“So was he supposed to walk out of Czechoslovakia alone?” Merrick asked.
“Not exactly…. There were a few resistance fighters, mainly French, who acted as messengers, carrying news of the war between France and Eastern Europe. On their way back to France, sometimes they served as guides and a way out for downed airmen. The commander was expecting a man to arrive sometime in September; thus the interest in improving the colonel’s condition.”
“But what of Adie? The whole time we were watching those sequences, I was thinking how she had no news of her family, no idea that her parents were killed.”
“Yes—and a good point. After staying a few months at home with his family, Pesche returned to Hungary to tell the Behrs about Adie, as promised. But when he arrived, the ghetto was empty. The Nazis had deported the entire population to Auschwitz.”
Merrick cringed.
“Yeah, and as if that wasn’t enough, the details of the reprisal executions were still fresh in the minds of the townspeople. So Pesche carried the information up to Adie. He arrived the first week in September, a few days after the colonel’s stitches came out.”

CHAPTER 20
> > >
Adie and Colonel Bogie stood opposite Pesche just inside the cave entrance as Adie pressed for news of her family.
Pesche’s expression was grave.
“What is it?” Adie asked. “You’re scaring me.”
Pesche stood silent for a moment and then began. “I have walked many miles thinking of what words to say. I don’t know how.” He frowned, looking at the cave floor and then back at Adie. “I will tell you what I—”
“No Pesche...in English, so the colonel can hear.”
Pesche nodded and continued in broken English. “Few days before you leave ghetto, Jewish partisans attack Gestapo train, east of Kopasvar. They free all Jews...kill Gestapo guards. Nazis in Kopasvar get news next day—very mad. Your parents arrest same day. Commandant very angry about train; decide to strike at Jews in ghetto. Next day he take everyone from jail and shoot. Your parents,” Pesche said, distraught, “your parents they shoot, too.”
Adie recoiled in shock. “My brothers! What about my brothers!” She was frantic—eyes wide open, struggling with reality.
Deeply tormented, Pesche responded. “Nazis take everyone to Auschwitz.” He broke eye contact.
Adie was paralyzed, blood draining from her head. Colonel Bogie, who had been watching her closely, moved forward to support her as she passed out. Pain shot through his shoulder. “Oh, for crying-out-loud!” he groaned, looking at Pesche. “Give me a hand, will you?”
Pesche lunged forward to assist.
“Where can we take her?” the colonel yelled to the cook.
“Our room,” the cook shouted, rushing to lend a hand.
They carried Adie the short distance down the passage to a small alcove and laid her on her cot. Colonel Bogie made her as comfortable as possible and took a seat on a nearby rock.
Pesche’s face was full of grief. “I did—not so good—wrong words.”
Colonel Bogie stood and patted Pesche on the back. “That’s okay, old boy. There’s just no good way to say such things. I couldn’t have done better. Sometimes it’s just best to get it right out.”
Pesche seemed to appreciate the colonel’s calming tone, and after some coaxing, he left with the cook for something to eat. As they departed, Commander Bursik walked in.
“What is this?” he said, in English only slightly better than Pesche’s.
“She fainted,” the colonel said.
“Fainted? Why?”
“Bad news, I’m afraid. Nazis killed her parents, and her brothers have been taken to a prison camp...Auschwitz.”
The commander shook his head. “Not good…. Bad place...many Jews die there. Partisans say bad smells come from smokestacks. Jews go in—none come out.”
“We’ve heard similar stories,” Colonel Bogie confirmed. “One can only imagine what goes on in places like that. I think we had better win this war, and soon.”
“On this, we agree,” the commander said and changed the subject. “You want food? Cook is ready.”
“No, thanks. Thought I’d stay here for a while. She’ll need someone to talk to.”
“Ah, yes…. I will leave you.” He tipped his hat and stepped out.
Colonel Bogie turned his attention back to Adie as she began to stir. The dim light coming from the passage was enough for him to see tears tracking down her cheek. She remained silent, staring at the ceiling. The colonel uttered three words, “I am here,” and then fell silent.
# # #
Ari turned to Merrick, who had been engrossed in the imagery. “She wept off and on for the next few hours. From time to time, Col. Bogie would pat her on the shoulder but never said a word. I had the distinct impression he’d been through this before. It wasn’t until the cook brought in a tin of water and some warm vegetables that the colonel spoke up and persuaded her to eat. I think she agreed out of respect for his wishes more than anything. It was so sad to watch. Her sobbing made eating difficult. A little later, the cook came back and relieved the colonel for the evening.
“Next morning, Pesche stopped in to say goodbye and left for home. There was nothing more he could do.
“Col. Bogie attended to Adie for a good portion of the next few days, offering consolation and whatever wisdom he could. Finally, he spoke with Commander Bursik, and they decided that the best thing might be to get her back to work. So once again they assigned her to help with the colonel’s physical conditioning. On one of their hikes, they had a conversation I thought you should see.”
> > >
It was mid-day as they walked a trail some distance east of the command post. Colonel Bogie glanced up at the sun and wiped his brow. The terrain leveled for a short distance, and a fallen tree lay ahead, just off the path.
“What do you say we sit and rest a minute?” the colonel suggested, and they turned aside.
Adie sat hunched over, elbows on her knees, face buried in her hands.
“You all right?” the colonel asked.
She slowly shook her head and began to sob.
Colonel Bogie allowed her a moment and said, “Adie, you are hurting in ways I can’t imagine...and I want more than anything to help, but there’s just nothing I can do to make this right; nothing anyone can do. What has happened to you is unimaginable. This is a God-sized problem, and He may well be the only one who can fix it. Have you tried praying?”
She shook her head.
“Would you like me to pray for you, right now?”
Adie sat up and wiped her face on her sleeve. “You will pray for me?” she said with a half-smile.
“It would be my honor to pray for you, Miss Adie. But when I do, I want you to believe that God is listening and that He is able to heal anything we bring to Him. Can you do that for me?”
Adie gave a nod. “I’ll try….”
Colonel Bogie took her hand, and they bowed their heads. “Dear Father in heaven, You know all things; nothing escapes You. And we know that You care for each of us down here on this earth. You care for me, and You care for my friend. Now Lord, You know what’s happened, and I know it grieves You deeply, more deeply than we will ever know. It’s just hard for us to make sense of it. So many have lost their lives in this awful war; sadness upon sadness. Yet we know You have put each of us here for a purpose. I have a purpose, and my friend has a purpose, and I thank You for sparing our lives to serve You, even if only for a little while longer. But it can be so hard to serve when we carry these burdens. My dear sister has taken on burdens that no one should bear, and she needs relief. I pray with all my heart that You would lift this weight from her shoulders, and leave her with peace and joy in her heart, knowing that You are in control of all things and that there is a reason for everything, both the good and the bad. Show her in very real ways just how much she is loved by You and by those around her. And more than anything, give her the ability to forgive those who have sinned against her. Free her from all bitterness, and help her to find joy in this life, for there is much joy to be found. God bless us and all of those in harm’s way. Put a hedge around us, keep us safe, and bring us safely through. Amen.”
Adie turned and buried her face in the colonel’s chest.
“There now...there now,” he said, patting her back.
He gave her a moment to recover....
“So...you feeling any better?” he asked.
“Uh-huh... Thank you. That was very kind.” She sat up. “No one has ever done that for me.”
“Well, I was happy to…. Want to move on?”
With a nod, Adie rose, and they continued up the trail.
# # #
“You know, it amazes me,” Merrick said, “that a man whose work involves killing people can be so sensitive and caring.”
Ari reflected for a moment. “I’m sure he views his work as necessary, in order to prevent a tyrant like Hitler from ruling the world. That has to ease his conscience some.”
“Oh, I understand the rationale. I just don’t see how he can do what he does and maintain his humanity without becoming callous.”
“Well, for one thing, he’s not involved in hand-to-hand combat. Col. Bogie is over four miles up when he drops his bombs. He never sees the people he kills. In a situation like that, it’s much easier to stay detached.”
“I see your point, but to me, that makes the whole idea of war so much more repulsive.”
“Yes, though we shouldn’t lose sight of the fact that Hitler had to be stopped, and this was the only way.”
“It just seems like a monumental waste, not only in human terms, but in the progress of their civilization as a whole.”
“I think we...uh-oh.” The com-link popped up on the display showing two anxious five-year-olds standing outside the entrance. Ari looked at Merrick and grinned. “You better run for cover, unless you want to be smothered.”
Merrick laughed. “I would love to be smothered.”
“Ah, a brave man—truly admirable.”
Ari dismissed the barrier, and the girls rushed in.
“What took you so—”
“Merrick! Merrick!” the girls screamed, and they dashed across the foyer.
Merrick scooped them up, placing one on each hip, and they both hugged him tenderly.
“Where have you been? We missed you,” Jennie said.
He smiled and turned to Claire, who was patting him softly on the back.
She sweetly looked him in the eye. “I missed you.”
Surprised, Ari looked at Claire and back at Merrick. “My, my, what a magnetic personality you have. Even the shy one comes out of her shell.”
“And what great fun do you two have planned for us today?” Merrick asked, looking back and forth at the girls.
“Take us to the zoo,” Jennie said in a playful voice.
“The zoo? Now you’ve got me,” Merrick said. “What zoo?”
Ari spoke up. “You know, Doc Socal’s specimen wing.”
“Oh, the zooooooo!” bellowed Merrick as if he’d known all along. “Well, do we have time, big brother?”
“We do,” Ari said.
“Then we’re off!”
Jennie looked up at Merrick. “Carry me on your shoulders,” she insisted.
Merrick noted Ari’s approval and looked down at Claire, who seemed saddened at being outmaneuvered. “I’ll tell you what. Why don’t we play a little game to decide which of you I get to carry down to the zoo?” He set the girls down. “Okay, I am thinking of a number from one to ten, and I’ll tell it to your brother. The one who gets closest will ride down on my shoulders, and the one who isn’t closest I will carry when we come back. Is that fair?” He looked into both of their faces. After receiving their agreement, he discreetly showed four fingers to Ari, and the girls made their guesses.
Claire’s face lit up as Merrick lifted her off the floor. Ari swung Jennie up on his shoulders, and they headed for the door.
“Now duck, you two,” Ari said. “No bumped heads today.” He looked over at Merrick as they started down the corridor. “What do you say we pick up on Adie next Sunday after worship?”

CHAPTER 21
Merrick settled onto the sofa. “I’ll tell you what, I’ve been looking forward to this all week.”
“Ari approached, drinks in hand. “We’ll see how things go, but we should finish today.”
Merrick looked disappointed. “Then it’s a sad day for me...”
Ari took a seat beside his friend and picked up where they left off. “...So, Adie’s grief over her family began to ease, and things were just returning to normal when word came from a partisan unit to the west that a Spanish scout was to pass through the following day. It was mid-September, and Col. Bogie had been in camp less than a month.”
> > >
The scene opened in the cave’s main chamber. Commander Bursik was just finishing a conversation with Colonel Bogie and Adie when the scout walked in.
“Raul, my friend!” the commander called out, walking over to shake his hand. “Good to see you. You look as strong as ever. Why don’t you set your things over there?”
Raul stepped across the chamber and propped his rucksack and German submachine gun against the wall.
———————
A Spanish Republican, Raul was exiled to France at the beginning of the war. There he entered the Foreign Legion. He later switched to the French resistance and eventually joined the ranks of partisan scouts who gathered and disseminated information across France, northern Italy, and parts of Eastern Europe.
Raul had a seasoned appearance—hard-faced, deeply wrinkled, and sun-baked. He wore his old uniform from the Spanish Civil War. Though originally dark brown in color, constant exposure to sweat, soil, and sun had faded it to a pale ocher. Leather suspenders were attached to a utility belt around his waist, which among other things held his holstered sidearm. A navy-blue beret, more dirt than cloth, sat back on his head. He wore boondockers for footwear, with canvas leggings.
During his three years of service, he had become adept at moving undetected through the foothills of the Alps. He spoke several languages with varying degrees of proficiency, including English and German. He hated Nazis with a passion, but enjoyed the company of the Allied fliers he had helped in the past. His wife and children stayed on in Spain, living in the family villa near Gibraltar.
———————
Speaking in English, Commander Bursik introduced Colonel Bogie and Adie, and then asked Raul how things were going in the West.
“Well enough,” Raul replied. “Americans make progress in Italy. Mussolini soon to lose power. Some talk Allied invasion in west and south France, maybe soon.”
“And your feelings of the war?”
“For Germans, time runs out...soon...many die in Russia...bad winter. Allies push east, Russians push west...Germans trapped...one year—they finished...no more.”
“This is good news,” the commander said. “Maybe you return home to Spain soon, yes?”
# # #
“This conversation goes on for some time,” Ari said. “I won’t bore you with it, but suffice it to say, Raul continued to pass on news of the war, including the successes and failures of other partisan units he had visited along the way. When he finished, the subject of Col. Bogie’s plight came up. In short, Raul agreed to serve as the colonel’s guide and see him to safety. He estimated two weeks before he would return from eastern Czechoslovakia and that the colonel should concentrate on physical conditioning. Adie agreed to work him harder on the trails.
“So, when Raul left the next day, Col. Bogie went straight to work on his endurance. However, in less than a week, Raul unexpectedly returned, arriving late in the evening. Aside from the sentries, Commander Bursik and Col. Bogie were the only ones still awake. His news was stunning. The Russians had crossed the Czech border and were heading their way. The commander viewed the news with mixed feelings, and after mulling things over that night, he met with Raul and Col. Bogie the next morning. Here’s how that went.”
> > >
The three men walked across the narrow clearing outside the cave and entered the forest. When the commander was sure they were alone, he began. “Raul, my friend, news of Russians is good. Nazis to be forced out.” The commander began to kick at a small stone half embedded in the ground. “But Russians not so friendly sometimes. I think things will go...not so well for two people in camp.”
Stern-faced, Raul nodded his agreement.
“What does that mean?” Colonel Bogie asked Commander Bursik.
“Means Communists hold you for propaganda...you must go—soon.”
“How soon?”
“One week,” Raul said, emphatically. “We stay no longer.”
The colonel looked at the commander with a quizzical expression. “And who is the other person you spoke of?”
“Adie.”
“Adie? What about Adie?”
Commander Bursik’s expression was earnest. “Russians have bad reputation,” he said, “young women they treat badly...make sport...you know.”
The colonel’s eyes narrowed. “That is not going to happen,” he said with a certain finality.
“On this we agree,” the commander said. “Adie must go, too.”
Raul looked uncomfortably at Colonel Bogie. “Very difficult, I think. This trip not...how you say in America...‘vacation?’ Very difficult.”
“We’re not leaving without her,” Colonel Bogie said, eyes locked on Raul. “Look, you agree to this, and I will see that you are rewarded for your efforts—that I promise. And I will accept full responsibility for her. She will not be your concern.”
Raul turned to the commander. “Is she strong? We go many weeks on trail...winter comes. We sleep as we can...barns, empty houses, caves, under trees, even holes in ground. We take food where we find it. Things not pleasant—she must be strong.”
“She is strong!” Commander Bursik and Colonel Bogie said in unison.
Raul paused for a moment in thought, eyes on the ground as if working a complex math problem. After some consideration, he gave a quick nod. “Yes, yes—she goes. Bring her out. We must talk.”
Relieved, Colonel Bogie gave Raul a pat on the shoulder. “You will not regret this.” He headed off toward the cave, calling back over his shoulder, “Give me a minute to speak with her.”
The colonel walked straight through the main chamber and into the central passage, stopping just short of Adie’s alcove. “Adie! You in there?”
Adie’s waking response was a little groggy. “Uh-huh.”
“You decent?”
“Uh-huh, you can come in.” She turned, sat up, and brushed her hair back. “What’s happened?”
“Raul’s back...early. Seems we’re going to have company.”
“What company?”
“Russian company—they crossed the border in the east. I think they mean to push the Germans out of Czechoslovakia.”
Adie was now very awake. “Oh, what wonderful news.”
“Yes, in some respects, but in other ways, not so much.”
“Why not?”
“What I mean is, Russian troops have a very bad habit of mistreating women, young women in particular. Do you understand what I mean?”
Adie’s elation quickly turned to dread. “Yes,” she said, apprehensive.
Colonel Bogie leaned forward and took hold of her shoulders. “Listen, I’m leaving in a week, and I want you to come with me.”
Adie’s smile returned. “Is it okay with Commander Bursik?”
“Absolutely, he was the one who suggested it. But I need you to understand the risks—what you’ll be facing. We’re talking about weeks on the trail—moving every day—all day. It’s almost October, so that means we’ll be traveling right up to the first days of winter. You’ll be sleeping in strange places with little privacy. Food will be scarce, and you’ll be tired all the time. We’ll be dodging German patrols and Nazi collaborators, moving in and out of other partisan camps, and dealing with unsavory people. What I’m saying is, no matter what your decision, there will be risks. It’s just the thought of leaving you behind, well...I want you to come with us.”
Adie’s face was glowing. “I will,” she said, excited. “And if I don’t get through...yes, it would be unfortunate to have tried and failed. But it would be worse not to try at all.” She paused briefly in thought.
“What is it?” the colonel asked.
“It’s just...this reminds me of something my mother once told me.... Back in Berlin, I used to dread piano recitals...worried about making mistakes, I guess. Anyway, I once told her I didn’t want to do them anymore. I didn’t want to risk the embarrassment. Do you know what she said?”
Colonel Bogie smiled and shook his head.
“She told me, ‘Those who risk not—get not.’ I’ll never forget that.”
“Well, then God help us,” the colonel said, standing to leave, “because I feel the same way. Listen...when you’re ready, why don’t you join us outside? We need to go over a few things.”
# # #   Twenty Minutes Later   > > >
Adie sat across from the colonel and Raul at a pieced together table not far from the cave entrance. The conversation had already begun.
“Raul, which language do you speak best—I mean other than Spanish?” Colonel Bogie asked.
“French, then German and Italian; I learn German in school, as child.”
“Okay, for now why don’t you speak in German? Adie, you translate…. Let’s start with the route. How will you be taking us out?” he asked Raul.
“My usual trail,” Raul replied. “I know it well; where to hide, where to sleep, where to find food.”
“Then I’m for that,” the colonel said.
“Forest and hills give good cover,” Raul said. “From here we go south to Hungary, pass west of Budapest, then southwest to Lake Balaton. Partisans are there.”
“I know,” Adie said, excited. “That was my first camp.”
“Yes, good people, I think. They will give us food and supplies. Then we cross into Yugoslavia and go west along the Alpine foothills. We stay in these hills all through Italy—many partisan camps. Last, we cross over Alps to France near Grenoble—maybe late December. We hope American forces arrive in Grenoble before us. If not, we must go south to Nice, hire a fishing boat, and go to south Italy; contact Americans there.”
“Why don’t we just go down to Trieste,” suggested the colonel, “or one of the other ports right here on the Adriatic? Sure would save a lot of walking.”
Raul shook his head. “Maybe a few years ago this was possible, but now, no chance. I came through Trieste weeks ago; Nazis everywhere; patrol boats everywhere; Germans were, how you say, ‘Thick as flies?’”
“Almost...I think you mean ‘Thick as fleas,’” the colonel corrected.
“Yes—yes, thick as fleas.”
“All right then, I guess it looks like the scenic route.”
Raul laughed. “Yes—yes, the scenic route, very good.”
“What should we take with us?” Adie asked. “What should I pack?”
“We travel in cold weather. Warm clothes are very important…also, good boots and socks,” Raul said, lifting one leg. “These boots are good.” He pointed at Colonel Bogie’s boots. “Those are good, too.” Then he looked at Adie’s. “Those, not so good.”
“We may be okay,” the colonel said. “I have two extra uniforms inside the cave—heavy leather jackets, insulated boots, long underwear—everything. Adie, you look like you are maybe five-foot, nine or so. I’m sure one of those pairs of boots will fit you...and Raul, you are welcome to whatever you can use. But what about weapons? I only have a pistol and maybe a dozen rounds.”
Raul pondered briefly. “We will talk to Commander Bursik.”
Colonel Bogie nodded. “Have we missed anything?”
“Socks are most important for cold and wet weather,” Raul said. “My socks are rags. We all need good socks—warm hats, too. Someone must go to town for supplies. We will speak to Commander Bursik of this also.”
“I have money,” Colonel Bogie said. “I’ll pay for the supplies.”
“No!” Adie protested, loudly enough to turn both heads. “Please let me do my part. My parents sent me away with a lot of money. I will pay.” She looked pleadingly at the colonel. “You are willing to take me with you. It’s the least I can do.”
The colonel leaned back and put both hands in the air. “Okay, okay, Miss Moneybags, I surrender.” Adie clarified for Raul, and they all laughed. “Anyway, I’m sure, before this journey ends, we’ll all be broke.”
# # #
“As it turned out,” said Ari, “one of the uniforms Col. Bogie had kept back fit Adie quite well. The boots were slightly large, but with extra socks, they fit fine. And they had little trouble convincing Commander Bursik of their need for clothing and supplies. He sent two people into town the next day. However, when Raul raised the issue of a weapon for Col. Bogie, the commander was unwilling to part with a rifle. Instead, he offered one of the American submachine guns, which, of course, pleased the colonel to no end.
“Also, Raul insisted that each of them carry a sidearm. So Col. Bogie took a pistol from the personal effects of his dead crewmen and passed it to Adie. She was reluctant at first but understood the reasoning. After some instruction, the colonel took her deep into the cave for some practice, which evidently went well. From then on, that pistol was her constant companion.”
“But what about ammunition?” Merrick asked. “The colonel said it was limited.”
“Well, as it turned out, their pistols used the same ammunition as the machine gun, so they ended up with maybe two hundred rounds….
“Anyway, early the next day, before they left, word of their journey went ahead of them, passing from scout, to lookout, to sentry, along the trail as partisans from one unit interacted with the next. They spent the last day in preparation.”
> > >
All three appeared tired after a long day.
Colonel Bogie glanced at Raul. “We need sleep. Any words of advice before we hit the trail tomorrow?”
Adie translated Raul’s German.
“Careful how you walk. Pick up your feet. Kicking a rock one time will hurt...five times in one day, and you will walk in pain. Do it enough, you can’t go on, maybe for days. Slip on a stone and twist your ankle bad, you are out for a week, maybe two. Break your ankle or leg—it is over. Very important—very important...boots should be tight enough to keep your heel from slipping, but if too tight, you get sores on top of your feet. Tie a string from hat to belt, so you will not lose hat. Do not sweat in clothes. If hot, take off your coat. If still hot, take off your shirt. If very cold, cover your face and ears.” Raul looked at Adie. “Col. Bogie gave us goggles for sun. Snow makes you blind,” he said, squinting. “Use goggles.” He went on with his list of safety concerns until he was satisfied they were ready. Finally, he reached into his pack and withdrew a half dozen anti-fascist armbands, each with a red, white, and green stripe. “So partisans not shoot us,” he said, smiling. “Last—very important; speak no German on trail....”
“Thanks, Raul,” the colonel said. “Now...one more thing. It concerns you, Adie—and I admit I’m a little uncomfortable talking about it…. While we’re on the trail and in these partisan camps, you may not have all the privacy you would like. Please understand, Raul and I will make every effort to accommodate you. However, we will always stay near enough to ensure your safety. I’m sorry, that’s just the way things are. Also, there will be some very cold nights. At times, our body heat may be the only thing keeping us alive. Do you understand what I mean?”
Adie nodded. “Yes, I understand. I have considered this.”
“Then enough said about that.”
“I have one last thing, too,” Adie said hesitantly. “The pistol you gave me...I don’t think I can—”
“Kill?” Raul interrupted, speaking English. “Think like this…. Poison snake in house. Baby in room, playing on floor. You have gun. What you do?”
“I see,” Adie said.
“Now think of enemy like poison snake. Rifle is fang; bullets—poison. Your friends in danger—what you do...? Think of this many times. If trouble comes, you can kill.”
Adie gave a subtle nod. “Thank you, Raul.”
Following a brief silence, the colonel said, “If that’s everything, let’s get some sleep. We start at daybreak.”

CHAPTER 22
“Next morning,” said Ari, “Commander Bursik, Viktor, and a dozen others gathered outside the cave for an emotional send-off. After the farewell, a sentry saw them safely to the unit’s boundary, about three miles away. That first week in October was unseasonably warm, so they dressed light and tied their heavy clothes on top of their packs.
“Raul set a goal of ten miles each day. Some days they traveled less, depending on terrain and enemy activity; other days they moved more freely, occasionally covering as much as fifteen miles. They spent many nights on their own, wherever they could find shelter. If nothing was available, they just veered off into the woods and built a lean-to out of pine branches. But more often than not, partisan units or sympathetic families took them in, offering shelter, food, and sometimes an escort for the trail. Northern Italy, in particular, had a large population of freedom fighters. For Col. Bogie, I think it seemed like they were playing a giant game of tag, as one partisan group passed them off to the next.”
“Any run-ins with the Germans?” Merrick asked.
Ari smiled. “Probably unrealistic to think they could walk a seven-hundred mile trail without an adventure or two. But we’d be here for days watching all that, so I thought I would just give you a general idea of how things went and show you a few key events, if that’s all right.”
Merrick agreed, and Ari went on.
“So, as I hinted, they did dodge a few German patrols during the first weeks, but actually, physical exhaustion and finding food were the biggest challenges. At times, they paid for supplies. Other times they resorted to petty theft. But once they crossed into Italy, partisan support improved, including the added benefit of an armed escort between camps. They were over two-thirds of the way to France when this happened.”
> > >
It was mid-day, and a partisan camp lay a little over a mile ahead. As they made a turn and started across an overgrown meadow, a single shot rang out. The bullet cut through the air and ricocheted off a rock ten yards away. All three ducked down in the tall grass.
Colonel Bogie looked at Raul. “German?”
“Not German,” Raul said, “touchy partisan—they worry. Stand up slowly; raise weapon high. Walk forward.”
As they neared the other side of the clearing, a partisan stepped from behind a tree and met them on the trail.
Raul addressed the man in Italian and translated for the other two. “Didn’t you hear we were coming?” he asked.
“We were aware; just bad timing,” the partisan said. “A German patrol probed our lines not far from here. We captured four. Our people brought them through a few minutes ago.” He slung his rifle over his shoulder. “I will escort you in.”
# # #   Thirty Minutes Later    > > >
The unit commander was a flamboyant man in his late-forties. He wore a khaki uniform with a matching billed cap and walked with a swagger. “Well, what is this...all these visitors today?” Four German prisoners, hands tied behind their backs, knelt on the ground beside him. “We were surprised to hear of your return, and so soon,” he said to Raul. “What happened?”
“Russians crossed the Czech border,” Raul said, “heading west. I had to get these two out before they showed up.”
“How very interesting, and who would they be?” the commander asked, eyeing the colonel and Adie.
“This is Col. Bogie, an American pilot, and the young lady’s name is Adie, a fellow partisan.”
“And why is she with you?”
Raul’s expression was incredulous. “You know what Russian soldiers are like.”
The commander’s eyes opened wide. “Ah, yes, yes; of course,” he laughed, looking down at the men beside him. “Well, you have arrived just in time for target practice.”
Raul translated, and Adie swallowed hard, now noticeably uncomfortable. She stared at the prisoners from behind, slowly maneuvering around for a better look. Suddenly she stopped, stunned by what she saw. The German soldier closest to her was scarcely more than a boy.
“Maybe one of you would like the honor of shooting one of these pigs. There’s a nice lieutenant here. Maybe the colonel would like to try his hand... And what do you have to say about that, Herr Lieutenant?” the commander taunted.
To everyone’s surprise, the lieutenant spoke up—and in Italian. “Do what you will with us, just spare the boy. He is innocent.”
His curiosity piqued, the commander said, “But he wears the German uniform! How can he be innocent?”
“He’s not a combatant,” the lieutenant said. “We bullied him into coming. He’s just an officers’ aide, a good boy...not a soldier. Please, please...do not shoot the boy.”
“And how are we supposed to feed him, huh?” the commander demanded, jerking the lieutenant’s head up.
A tear ran down the lieutenant’s cheek. “Please, do not shoot the boy.”
By now, even Raul was looking uncomfortable.
Adie tugged on Colonel Bogie’s sleeve, and they stepped back a few paces. Her voice was full of dread. “He is just a boy; younger than me. Look at him. Do you think he could kill anyone? All I see is a sweet boy, just like my brothers. How could we live with ourselves if we stand by and just do nothing...? Can’t we take him with us.”
“And what do you propose?” the colonel asked, feeling uncharacteristically powerless.
“Maybe the commander will take a bribe. I have a diamond my mother gave me. Maybe he’ll take that.”
Raul glanced over at the colonel and Adie. He excused himself and joined their conversation as the partisan commander continued to chide the prisoners.
Colonel Bogie spoke in almost a whisper. “Raul, I know you are going to disapprove, but we want to take the boy with us. I think we can make this work, but we need you to agree—and we need some help from the commander. What are your thoughts?”
Raul delayed briefly. “I look at boy. He is no killer, just boy—same as my boy.”
“Listen,” the colonel said, “Adie says she has a diamond that her mother gave her. Do you think he will take a bribe?”
“Is possible.”
“Okay, then here’s what we’ll do: You get his attention—I’ll talk, and you translate.” He turned to Adie. “When I give you the nod, bring your rucksack, and dig out the diamond. I want him to understand it’s the only gem we have.”
Raul motioned to the commander, who left the prisoners with the guards and joined them.
Colonel Bogie made the offer in the most eloquent words he could manage. “Commander, we understand how you feel about the Germans. I think we all feel the same way. But clearly this boy is no threat to anyone. And we know that you can’t just keep him here in the camp, nor can you let him go and risk giving away your location. I am sure you are a good man, and if there were any way to spare this boy’s life, you would do so. Therefore, we would like to make a proposal—let us take the boy with us. When we reach the American lines, we will turn him over as a prisoner of war—and for your favorable consideration, we would like to offer you a gift.”
Colonel Bogie motioned to Adie, who brought her pack, rummaged through, and came up with a pocket-sized tin. Inside was a flask of her mother’s perfume and a small, tightly folded envelope containing a single, loose diamond.
She spoke in English, and Raul translated. “My mother gave me this diamond a few days before she was arrested and killed by the Germans. It is yours; only please let us take the boy.”
The commander reached into his breast pocket and pulled out a small signal mirror. Then, grasping the stone tightly, he ran it across the glass, leaving a noticeable scratch. He held it up in the light. “Beautiful…, a fine stone, I think. I will speak with my men.”
“And Commander, before you go,” Colonel Bogie continued, “if you are willing to release him into our custody, he will need some other clothes, if you have any to spare.”
The commander smiled and walked off into the woods.
# # #   Ten Minutes Later   > > >
“Take him! Take him!” the commander yelled as he walked through the treeline. “He’s yours.”
“And the clothes?” the colonel asked.
“Yes, yes, they are coming. A boy his age died here a month ago. Those clothes should fit.”
“We are grateful,” the colonel said, pulling the tattered scarf from around his neck. “And we will blindfold the boy until we stop for the night.”
“A good point, Colonel—most important,” the commander said.
“Listen, would you mind if I spoke with the lieutenant for a moment?”
“Of course; be my guest. Let him enjoy his last conversation.”
While Adie remained with the gear, Colonel Bogie moved forward and crouched before the young officer, asking Raul to translate. “Lieutenant, we have persuaded this commander to allow the boy to come with us. We will take him to the American lines and turn him over as a prisoner of war. They will treat him well. I give you my word. Now you are an officer, and he is your subordinate. I am asking that you formally order him to submit to my authority for the duration of our journey and until we can drop him off at an internment center.”
The lieutenant appeared relieved. “I see, Heir Colonel, that you are a man of honor. God bless you for what you have done this day.” He turned to the boy and sternly delivered the order. The boy promised, on his honor, to obey. “Now you will say this to the colonel.”
The boy repeated the oath with sincerity as Raul translated.
Colonel Bogie smiled and helped the boy to his feet, asking him to close his eyes as he applied the blindfold.
Unexpectedly, Adie approached and knelt in front of the three remaining prisoners. Raul glanced at Adie, then looked at the colonel and shrugged. Her face was calm, yet she struggled to get the words out. “Gentlemen,” she said in an unsteady voice. All three men listened attentively. “I am a Jew—a German Jew. Not long ago, two of your fellow soldiers broke into my family’s apartment. One of them hit me with his rifle and blinded my eye. Then they wrongfully arrested my parents and without formal charges or trial, executed them the next day. They were completely innocent.” Adie paused for a moment, as if wresting something from deep within. Her lips quivered as she spoke. “I want you to know...I forgive you and all of the other soldiers who hurt me and my family.” A tear made its way down her cheek. “I forgive you.” She moved and expressed forgiveness to each man in turn. Shame registered on their faces.
Curious, Colonel Bogie asked Raul to translate.
“She says, she forgives.”
A partisan guard walked up with clothes for the boy, and Adie stood to receive them.
“We should leave now,” the colonel said to Raul. “The boy can change on the trail. See if the commander will hold off on dealing with these men until we are well away...for Adie’s sake...and for the boy.”
Raul’s request received a nod from the commander, and after a cordial handshake, they departed. The guard who brought them into the camp volunteered to be their escort.
Adie quickly stuffed what she could of the civilian clothes into her rucksack and carried the rest, picking up her pace to catch the others. As the camp receded behind them, she took the boy’s hand from the colonel and dropped back a few paces. “You are safe with us now,” she said softly in German. “No one is going to hurt you.”
The colonel overheard and motioned for Adie’s attention. “No German on the trail, young lady—folks might get the wrong idea.”
# # #   Five Hours Later   > > >
“Looks like a pretty decent spot,” Colonel Bogie said. “We should be far enough off the trail here.” He set his backpack at the base of a massive rock formation and carefully scanned the surrounding forest. “Raul, it looks like maybe an hour before sunset. Why don’t you work on a lean-to while Adie and I tend to the boy?”
Raul nodded and unlashed his hatchet.
After receiving the colonel’s permission to speak in German, Adie released the boy’s hand. “I think it’s time to remove that blindfold,” she said, untying the knot.
The boy squinted at the sun which was streaming through the trees and diverted his gaze downward to the dark pine needles at his feet.
Colonel Bogie watched with great interest. “You okay there, little man?”
The boy slowly turned and looked up at Adie, then shied away with a bashful expression.
“What is it?” Adie asked, puzzled. “Did I do something wrong?” She looked at Colonel Bogie and shrugged, then back at the boy. “What is it?”
With his eyes still averted, the boy quietly said, “You’re pretty.”
Adie looked at the colonel, amazed. “Well, for Heaven’s sake. My hair’s a mess. I’m wearing this horrid eye patch. I haven’t had a proper bath in I don’t know how long, and this boy thinks I’m pretty.” She put her arm around him and pulled him to her side. “I like him already!”
The colonel smiled and addressed the boy. Adie translated. “You have nothing to fear,” he said in a calm voice. “My name is Col. Bogie, and this beautiful young lady, as you most accurately described her, is Miss Adie Behr. The other man over there—that’s Raul. Now, why don’t you tell us your name?”
After a moment the boy responded in a subdued voice. “I am Peter; Peter Kuntz.”
The colonel extended his hand. “Well, Peter, it’s nice to know you. Can we call you Pete?”
With a half nod, the boy said, “Yes, others call me this.”
Raul approached, arms full of pine branches.
“So, Pete,” the colonel continued, “I’m going to be completely open with you. I’m a bomber pilot. Some time ago, I was shot down, and I’m trying to get back to the Allied lines. Adie here, well, you probably heard her story back at the partisan camp. Now Raul, he’s a Spanish partisan and our guide.” The colonel paused and the boy looked up. “So now that you know who we are, what can you tell us about you and your family?”
A sad expression formed on the boy’s face. “My parents are dead.”
“How?” the colonel asked.
“A bombing raid. I was in school.”
“What about brothers and sisters?”
The boy appeared lost in thought. “No, only me.”
“And how did you come to be in the army?”
“My uncle couldn’t take me. And so....”
The colonel paused, sensing the boy’s grief. “Well, we’re sorry to hear about your parents, Pete. Everyone here has lost friends or loved ones in this war, and I, for one, don’t want to see one more friend die. So what do you say we get you out of that uniform? You won’t live long walking these trails looking like that.”
The boy absorbed the colonel’s words and began to smile.
“Why the smile?” the colonel asked.
“You call me your friend.”
Colonel Bogie ruffled the boy’s hair. “A very perceptive boy—an intelligent boy.”
While Adie gathered Pete’s change of clothes, the colonel walked over to speak with Raul. “Say, old boy, would you mind taking Pete over into those trees so he can change?”
Raul gave a nod and embedded his hatchet in a nearby stump.
“And let’s bury his uniform,” the colonel added.
# # #   Fifteen Minutes Later   > > >
Raul returned with Pete and resumed work on the lean-to.
“There you go,” Adie said, looking at Pete and smiling. “Now you look like a human being.”
“Listen,” the colonel said, “why don’t we sit down and go over a few things before it gets dark?”
They walked over to a fallen tree not far from Raul. Adie translated.
“Pete, today has been a difficult day,” Colonel Bogie said. “You’ve had a lot to deal with, and that causes me some concern. I need to know what you’re thinking—how you feel about us...other than the obvious fact that we are enemies. Do you hate me for being a bomber pilot, or Adie, because she’s a Jew? And how about Raul?”
Clearly bewildered by the question, Pete stared at the ground and slowly shook his head. “It doesn’t make sense,” he murmured. “Everything they told me...nothing makes sense.”
Relieved that the boy was opening up, Colonel Bogie said, “What did they tell you, Pete? What doesn’t make sense?”
“They said Americans are stupid. They kill little babies. They said Jews are not human—that they hate Germans; just want to suck the life out of Germany.”
The colonel thought for a moment. “Well, Pete, let me ask you this. Back at that camp, do you know what the partisans were planning to do?”
With a downcast expression, Pete said, “They were going to shoot us.”
“And do you know whose idea it was to save you from that?”
Pete glanced up at the colonel. “You talked to them. It must be you.”
The colonel smiled calmly and said, “Pete, I’m going to tell you a little story. A couple of months ago someone saved my life, and I’ll never forget it.” He unzipped his flight suit and exposed his shoulder. “There was a good sized piece of shrapnel sticking out of that wound. Fortunately, a young medic came by and took care of me...and that young medic who saved my life is the same one who saved yours. She’s sitting right next to you.”
Adie shifted uncomfortably and struggled with the translation.
As Colonel Bogie’s words sank in, Pete bent over and put his face in his hands.
The colonel went on. “None of us could bear the thought of what they had planned back there, but it was Adie who took me aside and insisted that we do something. It was Adie who bribed the partisan commander with the diamond her mother gave her. It was Adie who had every reason to hate Germans but instead found it in her heart to save one. And you know what? I’m glad she did. You seem like a fine young man.”
Pete slowly stood to his feet, leaned in and kissed Adie on the cheek. “Thank you,” he said softly. “You are like an angel to me.”
Adie blushed. “Oh, for goodness sake, who’s ever heard of a one-eyed angel?” she kidded, hugging his neck.
After a brief silence, Colonel Bogie continued. “Clearly we don’t know each other,” he said. “And true, you may be a prisoner of war, but to us you’re just a young man who needs our help.
“I think it’s important that you understand what‘s going on in the world right now. When the Allies landed in France a few months ago, I believe that signaled the beginning of the end for Germany. Since then the Allies have liberated Paris and are heading north. We have air superiority and now occupy half of Italy. The German army has taken a terrible beating in Russia—hundreds of thousands of soldiers lost. The way I see it, Pete, by this time next year, this war will be over. But in the meantime, many, many German soldiers will die. Can you see this?”
Pete acknowledged. “Soldiers in my unit fear what comes.”
“Well, Pete, the three of us are committed to seeing that you survive this war. But there are still a few partisan units ahead, and if we are going to get you through, we need a plan. So tell me, do you happen to speak any language other than German?”
With a subtle nod, Pete said, “My mother was French. I speak it well.”
The colonel perked up and motioned for Raul to join them. “That’s excellent, Pete. Then from now on, no German—only French—no matter what; even if someone speaks to you in German. Can you do that?”
“Oui,” Pete replied.
“Raul knows French. He can translate for us.
“Now we need to have a believable story.” Colonel Bogie thought for a moment. “How about this: why don’t we say you’re a French national, that you were living with your parents in Milan? They were killed, and you found your way to a partisan camp. Then when we passed through, we offered to help you return to your relatives in France. How does that sound?”
Raul translated, and Pete gave a nod.
“Sounds good,” Adie said.
“All right, one final thing before we have something to eat,” the colonel said, “and Pete, this involves your future—what will happen to you if we make it through to our lines. I expect we’ll cross the French border about a week from now. Then it will take another week to pass through the Alps to Grenoble.
“We will maintain your story until we are well inside the Allied lines. Then we’ll turn you over as a prisoner of war. You will be joining other German soldiers in a temporary detention camp. When they have enough prisoners, they will put you all on a troop ship and take you to a camp in the United States. Of course, after the war you will be returned to Germany.”
Anxiety registered on Pete’s face.
“Listen, you have nothing to worry about,” the colonel continued. “I have seen how we treat our prisoners. Regardless of what you may have heard, German prisoners are comfortably housed, well fed, and treated with respect, even on-board ship. Do you understand?”
After a brief silence, Pete acknowledged.
# # #
“Seems like an awful difficult adjustment for Pete,” Merrick observed.
“It was,” Ari agreed, “though Col. Bogie spent considerable time nurturing the boy. Indeed, by the time they started through the Alps, they had formed an unexpected bond. I should also mention that those days were particularly grueling—long hours on the trail, and yet, despite the fact that Pete wasn’t in the best of shape, he never complained.”
“Reminds me of my earlier days,” Merrick reminisced. “I remember my father taking me for a day-hike up this twelve thousand foot mountain. All the way up I was constantly asking when we would get there. Then coming back down, I did the same thing, except with a bad attitude. I became so exhausted, I started crying—and we still had another mile to go. Later, my father told me how bad he felt for pushing me so hard.”
“Then you can understand how the colonel might have been impressed with the boy.”
“You said they spent their last week in the Alps. It was winter. Wasn’t there snow?”
Ari gave a nod. “As it turned out, the trail never rose much above six thousand feet. Some snow was on the ground, but nothing serious, at least until the cold snap on the last day. They spent that day descending into Grenoble with freezing temperatures and biting wind. Everyone fared well except Adie. She was slender and more susceptible to the cold. When they finally crossed the American lines, she was suffering from hypothermia. The colonel moved quickly to find blankets, and then arranged for a ride south to Nice in the back of an Army supply truck. During the trip, they huddled close to keep Adie’s temperature up. Thankfully, she had avoided frostbite. That evening, they arrived at the joint-use hospital in Nice. After explaining their situation, they turned Adie over to the nurses and waited in the lobby.”
“So with all of this, no one questioned who they were?”
Ari shook his head. “First of all, it was extremely cold. No one was much interested in asking questions, and once the colonel confirmed his identity, the soldiers just assumed he would vouch for the others.”
Merrick grinned. “That was fortunate.”
“Most fortunate…. In any event, while they were waiting for news on Adie, Col. Bogie paid a visit to the hospital radio room and sent a message off to his unit in Italy.”
“So how long did they keep Adie?” Merrick asked.
“The nurse came back a little later to say that Adie was improving, but they wanted to hold her overnight to treat her for dehydration and feed her a warm meal. So Col. Bogie took Raul and Pete to the mess hall for dinner. Later, when they returned, an orderly met them with a message from the radio room. The colonel’s unit was sending a plane up early the next day. So Col. Bogie made arrangements to pick up Adie in the morning, then took Raul and Pete to find a warm shower and a place to sleep.”
“Must have been quite a relief to be off the trail,” Merrick said.
“No doubt they felt some relief,” Ari said, “but between concern over Adie, the extreme cold, and all of the activity, they really had little time to think. And poor Pete, he didn’t know what to make of it. Everyone seemed so kind and helpful—nothing like the German Army…. Anyway, next morning, it was back to the hospital.”
> > >
The nurse led them down the hall to a room where Adie lay sleeping.
Colonel Bogie pulled a chair up next to her bed, leaned in close, and softly said, “Say, Princess, if you’ve had enough sleep, maybe you would care to join us. We have a plane to catch.”
Adie drew in a slow deep breath and took in the friendly faces. “Good morning,” she said, stretching.
“How you feeling?” the colonel asked.
“They gave me a warm bath. I feel won-der-ful.”
“Well, I hope you don’t mind,” the nurse said to Adie, “but I’m afraid we’re going to insist that you take things a little slow for a bit.” She drew the colonel aside. “As soon as you reach your destination, get her to the infirmary. She needs a thorough going-over. We washed her clothes and gave her some new underthings.”
“Thank you, nurse. I’ll see to it,” Colonel Bogie said, and he returned to Adie. “We’re going to step out while you get dressed. We’ll meet you in the lobby.”
# # #
“The boy was aware of the incoming plane,” Ari said. “And earlier he had seen Raul and the colonel in a serious discussion, but they were speaking in English. Since then, his expression had been gloomy, like a cloud was hanging over his head. He had no idea that his future was in his own hands.”
Merrick raised an eyebrow. “What does that mean?”
Ari gestured toward the display.
> > >
It was a crisp sunny morning, with temperatures just above freezing. Colonel Bogie had borrowed a jeep to take them to the airport—about two miles away. Because the jeep was completely open, the colonel wrapped Adie in two blankets and sat her in the passenger seat. Raul and Pete rode in the back.
The local detention center was only a few blocks out of their way. As they approached the facility, the colonel struggled with his emotions and asked Raul to translate. “Pete, these buildings on the right up here...well, this is one of the places I spoke to you about.” The colonel brought the jeep to a stop in front of the entrance, and after some contemplation, got out and walked around to Pete.
A deep sadness came over the boy, and his eyes began to well up.
Colonel Bogie spoke with difficulty. “Pete, right now you are officially a prisoner of war. You know that. We all know that. But Pete, the people inside this building don’t know that, and no one in this city knows that. So if you want to do the official thing, I will take you inside and turn you over. However, if you would rather not, and prefer to do something else, you need to tell me now...and Pete, this is not the time to hide your feelings. I need to know exactly what’s in your heart.”
Adie temporarily shed her blankets, reached back, and took Pete’s hand.
With tears now running down both cheeks, the boy felt Adie’s gentle squeeze. He looked up into the colonel’s eyes and with a slight wavering in his voice, said, “I want you to be my papa.”
Colonel Bogie’s grim expression melted away. With both hands, he gently wiped away the boy’s tears. “Well, then guess what?” he said. “It just so happens that’s exactly what I wanted to hear.” He put his arm around the boy and pulled him close. “Listen, how would you like to go for a plane ride?”
An expression of deep satisfaction and happiness came over the boy, and he rapidly nodded his head.
“Then we’re off!” The colonel walked briskly around the jeep, hopped in, and they sped away.
# # #   Ten Minutes Later   > > >
The B-24 was parked on the ramp not far from the tower, the starboard inboard engine still running. Their jeep came to a stop outside the operations building.
“Grab your gear,” Colonel Bogie said. “Let’s go find the crew.”
Major Stewart, a tall, lanky, good-natured gentleman, was leaning on the scheduling counter at the back of the operations center. Hearing the commotion at the door, he turned, and with a welcoming smile, said, “Boy, aren’t you a sight for sore eyes?” He walked across the room, vigorously shook the colonel’s hand, and turned to address the others. “Maj. Jim Stewart—at your service,” he said, removing his headgear and taking a half bow. “Now Mike, you simply must introduce me to these fine folks.”
Raul quietly translated for the boy.
“This gentleman is Raul Santos,” the colonel said, “our guide and resistance fighter.”
The major extended his hand. “Raul, it’s a pleasure, my man; yes, a pleasure.” Then turning to Adie, “My heavens, who on earth is this charming creature?”
“Jim, it is my great pleasure to introduce you to Miss Adie Behr, the young lady who saved my life—my guardian angel.”
Major Stewart lifted her hand and patted it softly. “Well, my dear, I can’t say as I’ve ever met an angel before,” he said, smiling warmly, “but if ever I saw one, I’m sure she’d look a lot like you. Now let me see...Adie...is that short for Adina?” Receiving a nod, he added, “A lovely name. I had a girlfriend named Adina. It’s Jewish, isn’t it?” Again, a nod. “Means gentle-natured, refined. You know, it’s always a mystery to me how the good Lord gives us names that so perfectly match our personality.”
Adie returned the smile, and Major Stewart shifted his attention to the boy. “Hey, little fella. Now, I may be wrong, but aren’t you kinda young to be a resistance fighter?”
“And you’d be right,” the colonel said. “This is Pete. He’s going to be my son.”
Major Stewart glanced at the colonel, surprised. “Now I know why you wanted the extra-small flight suit.” He bent and whispered into the boy’s ear loud enough for Raul to hear. “Now Pete, I just got to tell ya...I don’t think there’s a luckier boy on the face of the earth.” Major Stewart backed away, keeping his eyes on the boy as Raul translated.
Pete began to beam.
The major ruffled the boys hair and turned his attention back to Colonel Bogie. “What do you say we go punch a hole in the sky?”
“Sounds like a plan,” the colonel said.
“Then everyone follow me.”
The major led them out the door and onto the ramp. Nearing the aircraft, Colonel Bogie commented on a few gaping holes in the fuselage.
“Yeah, we took a little flak over the target. Copilot got a piece in the leg—lost some blood. You must have passed the ambulance on your way here.”
The Colonel paused to think. “We got off the main road for a few minutes, but I believe we did hear a siren…. So you guys are returning from a mission?”
“Yep.”
Colonel Bogie looked up as two fighter aircraft droned by, circling the airport. “I wonder what that’s all about?”
“Red Tails out of Ramitelli,” the major said. “Flew cover for us this morning—volunteered to escort us home.”
“Good men. We’re lucky to have them.”
“Yeah, I think it’s a fair bet we’ll make it back in one piece.”
A crewman waited at the aircraft, extra flight suit in hand.
Major Stewart put his hand on the boy’s shoulder. “Say, little fella, we’ve got a two-and-a-half-hour flight back to Guilia, and it’s gonna get awful cold up there. Why don’t you hop on board and slip into that toasty flight suit?”
Hearing Raul’s translation, the boy smiled and followed the crewmember, ducking under the fuselage and boarding the plane through the belly hatch. Adie and Raul followed.
“Say, old man,” the major said, delaying the colonel briefly, “just out of curiosity, how you plan on managing this adoption business? I gather he’s French.”
“Yeah, thought I’d ask the DeWolfe sisters to take him in. You know how they’re always complaining about the lack of help out there. Besides, they speak French and English. Maybe they can get him up to speed on the language before we go stateside.”
“Ah, that’s perfect. They’re lonely, and the boy should find the vineyard interesting enough.”
“Yeah, that’s what I was thinking,” Colonel Bogie said. “Meanwhile, I’ll get started on the adoption papers.”
———————
Elaine and Marielle DeWolfe, both in their mid-fifties, were the surviving daughters of renowned Parisian art dealer, Pierre DeWolfe. They fled Paris in the spring of 1940, just ahead of the German invasion. Accompanying them on the train to Italy were hundreds of valuable paintings and sculptures. Their destination—the family vineyard in central Italy, where they remained out of the public eye until the Americans opened nearby Guilia Airfield in early 1944.
Deeply troubled over the fall of their beloved Paris, and hoping for France’s eventual deliverance, they felt compelled to do all they could for the newly arrived airmen. So they gave of what they had: Fine Italian wine, without charge—which soon came to the attention of Colonel Bogie, who was obliged to pay a visit and offer thanks on behalf of his squadron. Consequently, the sisters took an immediate liking to him, and in the months that followed, sent many a dinner invitation to him and his flyers...for the men, a welcome escape from the harsh realities of aerial combat.
———————
Major Stewart motioned for Colonel Bogie to follow him up through the belly hatch. “Listen, if you don’t mind,” the major said, “I thought I’d put the little guy in the right seat for take-off. It would probably be a kick for him, don’t you think? Mr. Santos can take the jump seat and translate.”
Colonel Bogie’s expression was tentative. “That’s a great idea, but didn’t you say there was blood up there?”
“Already taken care of.”
“Good deal, then,” the colonel said. “I’ll get Adie settled.”
Upon entering, they found a somewhat bewildered Adie with several crewmen vying for her attention.
The major turned to Colonel Bogie. “Guess I should have expected this. They’re still a little keyed up from the mission...not used to having a female on-board.”
The colonel nodded and elevated his voice to get the men’s attention. “Gentlemen...Gentlemen!” The cabin went silent. “Three things: First, we have two fine Red Tails circling patiently upstairs, undoubtedly running low on fuel. If we don’t get this crate off the ground, and soon, we’re going to lose our escort.”
Major Stewart nudged Pete forward toward the flight deck and signaled Raul to follow.
“Second, I’m sure Miss Behr appreciates all the attention, but fact is, she’s just been through a horrible ordeal and spent last night in the hospital suffering from hypothermia. It was everything I could do to talk the nurses into letting her go this morning. And finally...Adie, I wonder if you would mind telling us your date of birth.”
The question was unexpected, and it took Adie a moment to respond. “August 17th, 1928,” she said in a somewhat frail voice.
The colonel looked around at the crew as they crunched the numbers. “That’s right gentlemen, she may be nearly six feet tall, but she turned sixteen just four months ago.” He paused for effect. “Now, I know some of you have little sisters that age, so let’s try to show some consideration. Lt. Franklin, perhaps you wouldn’t mind showing Adie forward to the bombardier station. She might appreciate a nice view of the take-off.” He turned to Adie. “Make sure you stay wrapped up in those blankets. I promised the nurses.”
Adie gave a quick nod and turned to follow the lieutenant.
Meanwhile, Major Stewart slipped into the pilot’s seat with an excited Pete to his right. Raul joined them, taking the jump seat just aft.
Pete’s eyes were wide open, gazing at the instruments and watching Major Stewart’s every move.
Working through his checklist, Major Stewart reached forward; pressed and held a starter switch.
Pete shot a glance out the copilot’s window as the outboard engine fired and came to life.
# # #   Five Minutes Later   > > >
Seated below, in the bombardier’s position, Adie peered out the Plexiglas windscreen as the Liberator bounced awkwardly along the pockmarked taxiway. After a brief stop at the end of the runway, the engines revved, and the bomber surged forward. The rapid acceleration unnerved Adie, and she grappled for a handhold on a nearby bulkhead.
Seeing her distress, Lieutenant Franklin leaned forward to lend support and offered a few calming words.
Up on the flight deck, Pete listened attentively to Raul’s translation as Major Stewart verbalized the take-off sequence. “Wheels up and locked...flaps coming up...turning right to one-seven-zero….” Clearly, the boy was having the time of his life.
Meanwhile, Colonel Bogie was back near the radio compartment entertaining four other crewmen, telling of his friends and their incredible odyssey—the hardships faced, the lessons learned, and how they all pulled together to make it out alive.
# # #

CHAPTER 23
“Col. Bogie’s squadron had prepared an elaborate reception,” Ari said, “but it was short-lived. The colonel had one priority—get Adie to the infirmary, which he did. Once she was settled, he took Raul and Pete to a hotel downtown, then drove out to pay a surprise visit on the DeWolfe sisters.”
“I assume Adie was in the infirmary for a few days,” Merrick said.
“She was—not that they found anything serious. I think it was more a matter of nutrition and rest.
“Anyway, when the DeWolfe sisters learned of Raul and Pete, they asked the colonel to bring them out for dinner. That evening, Pete made quite the impression, as did Raul with his endless stories of life in the French resistance. In short, they never made it back to town. The vineyard house was quite large, and the sisters wanted to relieve the colonel of the hotel expenses, so they offered Raul, Pete, and later, Adie, free room and board.”
“And what did Pete think of all this?”
“Well, he was a little overwhelmed, not only with the DeWolfe sisters, but also with the bomber crew and the people he met at the airfield. It was as if he had been reborn.”
“How about Raul and Adie? Didn’t Raul want to get back to his family?”
“Actually, he and Adie decided to wait on until spring and try to catch a fishing boat to the Port of Gibraltar. By this time, Spain had become a haven for Jewish refugees. All Adie had to do was claim Spanish ancestry. To help, Raul offered to take her into his family until she was ready to be on her own...but I’m getting a little ahead of myself….
“Anyway, after spending a few nights in the infirmary, the doctor released Adie into the colonel’s care. Christmas was just a few days away—and the Christmas Eve Dining-Out, so he quietly took his driver and secretary aside, gave them some money, and asked them to take Adie downtown for a girls’ day out, including the hair salon, a few nice dresses, and an evening gown. They were to say nothing of the Dining-Out.
“Later that day, Adie returned so altered, if not for the eye patch, Colonel Bogie wouldn’t have recognized her. And that evening, when he took her out to meet the DeWolfe sisters...well, they found her fascinating.
“The colonel spent Christmas Eve at the vineyard. Just before dinner, he asked Adie if she would mind modeling her new evening gown for everyone. Then while she was upstairs changing, he stepped outside to warm up the car and returned with his garment bag. Here’s what happened.”
> > >
Having changed into his mess dress, Colonel Bogie remained out of sight until he heard the others respond to Adie’s grand entrance. Then he silently entered the room, eased up beside her, and took her arm.
Startled, Adie turned, and with a look of total surprise, said, “My word, you look—”
“Young lady,” he interrupted. “How would you like to accompany me to the Base Dining-Out this evening?”
Adie’s cheeks flushed slightly as the colonel’s request sank in. “Oh my...oh my...I wouldn’t know the first thing—”
“Now don’t give it a second thought. You will be attending as my honored guest and comrade in arms…. It’s just a social event—a chance to meet some new people. Besides, it’s a perfect opportunity to show off that stunning white gown. What do you say?”
Adie looked around at all the smiling faces. “Oh, yes. I would love to.”
The colonel smiled and gestured toward the door. “Then your chariot awaits.”
While the others wished them a lovely evening, one of the DeWolfe sisters briskly left the room, reappearing moments later as they walked out the door. Moving up quickly behind Adie, she draped a mink stole across her shoulders. “Here, you’ll catch your death!”
Adie looked down at the fur, astonished. “No, I couldn’t possibly—”
“Nonsense,” the sister said, “I haven’t worn this thing since the last time I was in Paris. You take it, and wear it in good health. I insist.”
Adie responded with a warm embrace. “Thank you. I’ll take good care of it.”
“No bother, sweet one, just enjoy the evening.”
# # #
“During the half-hour trip to the base,” said Ari, “the colonel gave Adie a thorough explanation of customs surrounding the Dining-Out and the rules of the mess. As usual, she absorbed every word.”
Merrick scratched his head. “I could use a little enlightenment myself. I’ve never heard of a ‘Dining-Out’—a ‘mess’ either.”
“Well, a Dining-Out is a formal social event. Unlike a Dining-In, which is for military members only, a Dining-Out includes civilian guests. The word ‘mess’ just refers to a place where military people eat.
“Now these events traditionally involve a number of, quote, ‘rules of the mess.’ As such, those who attend are encouraged to publicly bring any infraction before the President of the mess. They typically do so in a humorous and lighthearted way, using flamboyant speech and exaggerated descriptions. If the transgressor is found guilty, the punishment is swift and consistent—a trip to the ‘Grog Bowl.’”
“Good grief, that sounds revolting!”
“Actually, I think that’s the idea,” Ari chuckled. “It seems to be a concoction of liquids and other ingredients mixed together and heavily laced with alcohol. I think the intent is to make it look as unappetizing as possible.
“Beyond that, the evening includes formal and informal toasts, maybe a short motivational speech, and other activities to enhance camaraderie.”
“Sounds like fun,” Merrick said.
> > >
The staff car rolled to a stop in front of the club. Two men stepped forward: one received the car keys from Colonel Bogie, and the other assisted Adie. The colonel joined her and offered his arm. As they approached the building, Adie glanced up at the improvised marquee. In an assortment of mismatched letters, it read, ‘Tonight: 459th BOMB GROUP Dining-Out.’
Upon entering, they found a half dozen members of the senior staff gathered in the lobby. The room quickly fell silent, and Colonel Bogie made the introduction. “Gentlemen, it is my distinct pleasure to introduce Miss Adina Behr, resistance fighter and the young lady who saved my life.”
The operations officer stepped forward. “I assure you, the pleasure is ours,” he said, taking Adie’s hand and giving it a pat. “I must say, that is one beautiful gown….”
Following the introductions, Adie checked the fur with the attendant and took her place beside Colonel Bogie in the reception line. As attendees arrived and began filing past, Adie proved such an attraction that the line soon slowed to a crawl. Colonel Bogie stepped aside to speak with the adjutant. “Bob, let’s encourage folks to move along. We’ll have plenty of time to socialize during the evening.”
The pace picked up, and before long everyone had passed. Adie turned to enter the hall.
“Not yet, sweetie,” the colonel said. “We have to be properly introduced.”
The senior staff filed past and closed the door behind them.
“Now take a deep breath,” the colonel said, “you’re among friends here. Certainly you must know that.”
Adie took his arm and tried to calm her nerves.
Moments later, the doors swung open, revealing a grand dining hall full of people and adorned in makeshift Christmas decorations. The master-at-arms made the announcement. 
“Ladies and gentlemen! The President of the Mess and his honored guest!”
Everyone stood at attention and faced the entryway. The room was dead silent.
“That’s our cue,” the colonel whispered.
Adie followed his lead, walking gracefully across the floor to the head table where they remained standing for the posting of the colors and the chaplain’s invocation.
Following the prayer, Colonel Bogie lifted the gavel and rapped the table one time, opening the mess. Adie took her seat to his right and surveyed the room. Mr. Vice, the young officer responsible for the conduct of the mess, sat at a small table just opposite them about twenty feet away. The grog bowl was to his right. To the left of the head table was the orchestra. Dining tables stood two rows deep along the left and right walls, leaving a large open area in the center of the room.
A call came from Mr. Vice. “Ladies and Gentlemen; charge your glasses!”
The colonel partially filled Adie’s glass. “Go easy on this, young lady,” he quietly instructed.
Adie smiled. “It’s been a long time since—”
“Exactly,” he reiterated.
After the toasts, the colonel seated the mess and remained standing. He then offered a gracious welcome and began to introduce those at the head table, finally settling on Adie. “Perhaps, ladies and gentlemen, in the course of your life, someone has brought to your attention a particularly traumatic incident, an incident which would certainly have taken a life, were it not for the Good Lord’s intervention. Well, three months ago, I experienced just such an event, and if not for this young woman sitting next to me, I wouldn’t be here before you tonight. So ladies and gentlemen, raise your glasses and join me in a toast—to Miss Adina Behr—freedom fighter, medic, and my personal guardian angel.”
The mess stood in unison with a rousing, “Hear! Hear!”
By the time the applause faded, tears were streaming down Adie’s face.
———————
Merrick broke his silence. “Well, for heaven’s sake! Finally! There is justice in this world.”
Startled, Ari turned to his friend. “Yes, indeed—and fitting recognition for an extraordinary young woman.”
“Hear! Hear!”
———————
“Dinner is served!” Mr. Vice announced.
Colonel Bogie leaned close to Adie and said, “If I could have given you a medal, you’d be wearing it by now.” He passed her a handkerchief. “You all right?”
Adie nodded, “It’s just...I haven’t felt like this since, well...before the war. It’s like the most wonderful dream.”
“And you are the princess of the ball,” the colonel said, smiling. “Do you see that empty piano next to the orchestra?”
“I do,” she said, understanding the hint.
“Well, after dinner, when the formal part of the evening is over, we’ll dismiss for some entertainment and dancing. You don’t have to, but should the opportunity arise, I thought these folks would like to hear you play. I know it’s a lot of people, and you—”
“I would love to.”
The colonel smiled and slid his chair back. “Excuse me for a moment,” he said as he stood. “Mr. Vice, if you would...test the meal to ensure it is edible.”
Mr. Vice sampled his dinner and announced his finding in an overly loud voice. “Mr. President, I find this meal fit for human consumption.”
Adie laughed, covering her mouth. “How funny.”
The waiters lifted trays full of food, and the orchestra began to play.
# # #   Five Minutes Later   > > >
To Adie’s far left and near the wall, a man rose from his chair. Then, elevating his voice above the din, he exclaimed, “Mr. Vice, permission to speak to the mess!”
Mr. Vice perked up. “The mess recognizes Lt. Fielding.”
The lieutenant took a deep breath. “I am profoundly grieved that I must bring to your attention a most-flagrant violation of the rules of the mess. It seems my colleagues Capt. Barns and Sgt. Taylor have ignored proper etiquette and have seen fit to bring alcoholic beverages into this august gathering.”
Adie eyed Mr. Vice as he quickly concealed a glass under his table. The mess sergeant, who was waiting tables nearby, also caught the intended cover-up and began to work his way toward Mr. Vice.
Now sitting erect, Mr. Vice proclaimed in a loud, indignant voice, “I am shocked...yes, shocked, that anyone would bring strong drink into the mess. This is indeed a most grievous act!”
By this time, the mess sergeant had closed the distance between himself and Mr. Vice. “May I take that glass for you, sir?” he bellowed, subtly pointing under the table.
Mr. Vice flushed red, and the mess exploded in laughter.
Adie was laughing so hard she couldn’t catch her breath.
Colonel Bogie patted her softly on the back. “Easy now...remember you’re at the head table...grace, honor, dignity,” he said, chuckling. He rose and in a commanding voice addressed the mess. “Mr. Vice and members of the mess, it appears that many of our distinguished gathering have seen fit to overlook this rule on this festive occasion. Therefore, in the interest of avoiding a long line at the grog bowl, I am inclined to grant a general pardon for this infraction and caution everyone to refrain from such behavior in the future.” He struck the table with the gavel.
A hearty “Hear, Hear,” resounded throughout the room.
# # #
“How embarrassing for that poor guy,” Merrick said, chuckling. “Even so, it sure was nice to see Adie laugh like that.”
Ari nodded in agreement. “Now, when the formal part of the evening was over, Col. Bogie adjourned the mess and invited everyone to stay for entertainment and dancing.”
Merrick slowly shook his head. “What a contrast for Adie, after all she had been through.”
“No doubt,” said Ari, “particularly in light of all the attention she received after dinner. I think she was on her feet the entire evening. The men kept cutting in. And when she wasn’t dancing, she was engaged in conversation with three or four people at a time. It was unrelenting, though you could tell she was enjoying herself. Later in the evening, she began to notice a man sitting alone on the other side of the room.”
> > >
Adie politely broke away from a small group and approached Colonel Bogie. Drawing him aside, she asked, “Who is that man over there? He seems so sad.”
“Ah, Lt. Alderton,” the colonel answered. “His best friend’s plane went down yesterday; a rough thing to deal with on Christmas Eve, in my view.”
“Do you think he would like to dance?”
“Not sure, he’s kind of a shy one…. Funny, he’s not afraid to risk his life flying these missions but seems to have trouble asking a girl to dance.”
“Well, maybe I can ask him, then?”
“You bet. Just give me a moment,” the colonel said. He walked over to the microphone, waited for the song to end, and signaled the orchestra to break for a moment. “Ladies and gentlemen, I have granted a request that the next song be lady’s invitation only.” He turned to the orchestra. “Something long and slow, if you don’t mind.”
With the ending of the previous song, many were returning to their seats. Adie made her way across the floor toward the young lieutenant, now seated among friends. As the music began, he appeared to be lost in thought, running his finger around the rim of his wine glass.
“Would you like to dance?” Adie asked.
The soft voice shook him out of his daze. Assuming the request was for one of the others, he leaned back to give Adie a clearer view of the men across the table.
“No, Greg,” one of the men said. “She asked you.”
Lieutenant Alderton looked up at Adie with an expression somewhere between awe and disbelief. After a momentary hesitation, he stood to his feet. “Yes, Ma’am,” he said in a slow, southern drawl. “You do me a great honor.”
“I assure you, the honor is mine,” Adie said, taking him by the hand and leading him onto the dance floor. Then, rather than keep him at arm’s length as she had with the others, she gently pulled him close.
“Gosh, that scent you’re wearin’ is lovely.”
“Thank you. It was my mother’s.”
“You know, some of the men and I were talkin’ earlier,” the lieutenant explained. “They say you and the colonel walked clean across northern Italy. That’s quite some journey... So where is your family?”
“My mama and papa were killed by the Germans, and my two little brothers were sent away to a prison camp.”
“My Lord, I am so sorry,” the lieutenant said. “Is that how you hurt your eye?”
“Uh-huh...a German soldier.”
The lieutenant backed away slightly. “Why on earth would anyone want to hurt someone like you?”
Adie returned his gaze. “I’m Jewish,” she said, returning her head to his shoulder.
“I don’t think they respect any faith,” the lieutenant said. “My best friend was Baptist, and they shot him out of the sky just yesterday.”
After a brief silence, Adie said, “When I found out that my parents were killed, I grieved for days. At first, I was angry. I felt hatred for what they did. But Col. Bogie told me that as long as I held on to the bitterness, I would remain a captive of the German army and just as much a prisoner as I was in the ghetto.”
“So what did you do?” the lieutenant asked. “I’m feelin’ the same way, and I don’t want to hate anybody.”
“Well, as we were making our way across Italy, we stopped at a partisan camp. They had just captured some German soldiers. It was very difficult, but before we left, I went up to them and told them I was a Jew and what their comrades had done to my family—how they had hurt me. Then I forgave them; all of them.”
The lieutenant leaned back and looked Adie in the eye. “How amazin’...amazin’,” he said.
“It’s funny, once I did that, I felt like a huge weight was lifted off me. I felt free—free from the hatred, free from the bitterness...free.”
The song came to an end. Adie held the lieutenant for a moment and then released.
He brushed the dampness from his cheek and said, “My, my, my, dear lady, how you have lifted my spirits this evenin’. God bless you. God bless you.” He walked back to his table and began to speak with his friends.
Adie returned to Colonel Bogie.
“Whatever you said to that boy—nicely done,” the colonel said. “Look at him. He’s alive again.”
“I told him nothing more than you told me when my parents died,” Adie said.
“Maybe so, but I think you may have said it better,” he countered. “Listen, we’re going to wrap this thing up. Would you mind closing the evening with a Christmas carol?”
Adie smiled. “I’d be glad to.”
Colonel Bogie walked to the piano and took the microphone. “Ladies and gentlemen, it’s time for us to say good night on this fine Christmas Eve. But before we go, our distinguished guest has agreed to play us a familiar carol to send us on our way. So without further ado...Miss Adie Behr.”
Adie took a seat at the piano and pulled the microphone close. “It’s been a lovely evening, hasn’t it?” she began. Warm smiles came from all around. “This was my mother’s favorite...written by an Austrian priest over a hundred years ago. I think you’ll recognize it.” The first notes of “Silent Night” rang out, followed by her soprano voice—sweet and clear. She motioned everyone to join in, and their voices filled the room. With the beginning of each new verse, Adie eased close to the microphone to help the audience with the lyrics. Then, all too soon, the song came to an end, and the group offered their applause.
With the colonel’s coaxing, Adie joined the senior staff at the door to wish everyone a pleasant evening. When all had filed out, she reclaimed the fur and met Colonel Bogie at the exit.
“You look like you just put in a full day on the trail,” he said.
Adie’s smile was warm and sincere. “An unforgettable evening. Thank you for this. It was lovely….”
# # #

CHAPTER 24
“You’re yawning...,” Merrick said. “Tired?”
“Not at all—seriously,” Ari replied. “We’re almost done… Any questions before we wrap up?”
Merrick pondered. “I was wondering about Adie’s eye. When she was in the med bay at the air base, did anyone take a good look at it...I mean, to check the extent of the injury?”
Ari nodded yes. “They found the eye intact, just not functioning. Later, Col. Bogie sent her off to Naples to have the good eye checked. Turned out her vision had continued to deteriorate since her original pair of glasses, so they made a new pair, with a corrective lens on one side and a dark lens on the other; not very flattering, but functional.”
“Silly question, but what happened to the gun?” Merrick asked.
“Not as silly as you might think.” Ari replied. “She asked to keep it, and believe it or not, it’s still with her today.”
“Good grief! How did she manage to get that thing all the way through to Israel?”
“Well, Col. Bogie had his parachute shop fabricate a leather rucksack for her, complete with a false back. They secured the pistol and magazines inside and sealed it—very clever I thought, if not a little risky. Interesting though, no one ever bothered to inspect it...probably because she looked so innocent, or they may have felt sorry for her because of the eye.”
“And what about Pete? How did he get along at the vineyard?”
“Truthfully, I think he was just grateful to be away from the fighting. Of course, the sisters doted on him, and Adie treated him like a brother. The colonel...well, the adoption papers were finished before Adie and Raul left for Spain.”
“So when did they leave?”
“Not until the following spring—1945. Unfortunately, at the time, American aircraft were barred from Spain, so Col. Bogie got them as close as he could—Ajaccio Air Base on Corsica. Naturally he dreaded seeing Adie go, but it was what she wanted, so he made the arrangements.
“Once in Corsica, they went to a nearby harbor and found a crew heading for Gibraltar. A little over a week later, Raul introduced Adie to his family.”
“And Raul’s family was okay with this—you know—room and board for Adie?”
“Actually, she paid her own way. She still had a dozen or so gems sewn into her clothes.
“Even so, she didn’t stay long. Later that summer she learned that the Spanish government planned to expel a large number of Jewish refugees and that most of them were immigrating to Israel. Naturally she found the whole idea of a new Hebrew homeland inspiring, so after some thought, she decided to join them.... And I do believe you know the rest of the story.”
Merrick gave a nod. “And quite a story it is…. Listen, thanks for taking the time—setting up the imagery and everything.”
“My pleasure,” Ari said. “She’s been a big part of my life, and I’ve been wanting to share her story.”
“Well, I’m glad you chose me.”
Remembering their earlier commitment, Ari said, “You know, we promised a couple of little girls we’d finish a game of Monopoly. Surely we don’t want them thinking we aren’t men of our word.”
Merrick jumped to his feet. “Absolutely not...after you, kind sir,” he said with a sweeping gesture.
They left Ari’s quarters and started down the corridor.
“Moon mission tomorrow,” Merrick said. “Be gone two weeks.”
“Oh boy, does that sound like fun,” responded Ari with a chuckle.
“How about you?” Merrick asked.
“Research—all day. Oh, and Adie has a doctor’s appointment in town.”
“Oh boy, does that sound like fun,” echoed Merrick.

CHAPTER 25
The next evening, Ari entered his quarters, grabbed an apple from the refrigeration unit, and went straight to his display. “Zoey, let’s see how Adie’s appointment went today...starting after the censored part.”
> > >
Case Study: Adina (Adie) Behr // Location: 32°48’09.07” N  35°00’39.87” E // Elevation: 39 ft // Northern Israel - Haifa - Medical Clinic // Earth Date: April 29, 1948 - Local Time: 0923 //
Appearing disheartened, Adie fastened the last button on her blouse.
“I don’t want you to worry about this,” the elderly doctor said, helping her down from the examining table. “Quite often, nothing comes of these things…. Now everything is set for the ninth. I’ll see you then.”
Worry about what? Ari wondered.
“Is there anything I need to do?” Adie asked.
“Not a thing,” the doctor answered. “Just be back here on the ninth. We’ll be ready.”
“I will,” Adie said, stepping out into the lobby where her friend Myra sat waiting.
They exited the building and walked to the truck.
“Cook asked me to pick up some things while we are here,” Myra said, noting Adie’s gloomy expression. “Hey, what’s with you? Why the long face?”
Adie responded in a weak and tentative tone. “Nothing, I’m fine.” They stepped up into the cab, and Myra started the engine.
Ari knew better. You’re not fine, he thought.
After a moment, Myra turned off the engine. “Look, I know you, Adie Behr, and something’s wrong. It’s written all over your face. Now, are you going to tell me what’s going on, or not?”
Adie stared blankly out the window. “He thinks I may have cancer in my breast. There’s a little lump. He wants me back on the ninth for an operation—to check.”
Ari’s pulse began to race. “What?” he muttered in disbelief. “This is not happening.”
“Oh, Adie...that can’t be true,” Myra said. “It must be a mistake. You’re too young.”
“It’s not a mistake. I felt the lump, myself. Anyway, he says it’s not all that unusual.”
Myra slipped over on the seat to comfort her. “Well, we’re just going to have to pray that it’s not cancer.”
Ari continued to watch the sequence, but no new information was forthcoming. He shut down the display and dropped back against the couch, exasperated and feeling helpless.
———————
The days leading up to Adie’s procedure seemed endless. Ari found it increasingly difficult to concentrate on work. Then, after the biopsy, when the test results confirmed cancer, he started to come undone—forgetting appointments, repeating questions, slowly slipping into a melancholy funk.
Though many were aware and concerned, it was Brooke Haden, his senior nurse, who finally intervened. With the psych department just across the corridor, she decided to call on Walt Maran. However, in doing so, she encountered unexpected resistance from his receptionist, and a heated discussion ensued. Recognizing Brooke's voice and her uncharacteristic aggravation, Walt poked his head out and motioned for the receptionist to show her in.
“Dr. Maran, I am so sorry,” Brooke said as the barrier closed behind her. “I know it’s an intrusion on your time, but something is wrong with Dr. Stratford, and we need your help.”
Walt tried to remain calm. “Can you tell me what’s happening?”
“He’s just not himself. It started about a week ago, and it’s getting worse.”
“What’s getting worse?”
“He’s so depressed, he can’t think straight. He’s letting things slip. We can’t figure out what’s bothering him, and he won’t talk about it. You’re his friend. Maybe he’ll talk to you…. Would you mind?”
Walt gave a concerned nod. “I’ll stop over a little later...and thanks for bringing this to my attention…. You know, I think Dr. Stratford is fortunate to have such a caring staff,” Walt said, walking her to the door.
Later that afternoon, when Walt came by to see Ari, Nurse Hayden met him in the reception area and showed him in.
Catching movement at the door, Ari glanced up from his console. “Hey, Walt,” he muttered weakly as if lacking the energy to speak.
Walt found his way to a seat. “Say, you don’t look well. Is something bothering you?”
Ari went completely unfocused and offered only silence.
Walt’s concern multiplied as the seconds ticked by. He tried again. “Ari...look at me!”
Ari seemed bewildered. “Yes, what...what did you say?”
“What’s bothering you?” Walt repeated, much more assertively.
Ari’s eyes returned to his console. He choked out the words. “She’s dying, Walt. Adie’s dying, and there’s nothing I can do.”
“What do you mean, she’s dying? How? Of what?”
“Cancer...she has breast cancer. They’re going to use radiation...straight out of the dark ages...horrid, horrid treatment.”
“Good Lord, why didn’t you tell someone?” Walt stood and walked around the console to Ari’s seat. “Stand up, Mister; we’re going to your quarters.”
“Listen, Walt, I can’t just—”
“Dr. Stratford,” Walt interrupted, “I’m speaking as your counselor. You are relieved of duty. Now, are you going to come nicely, or do I have to make a scene?”
The reality of the situation finally brought Ari to his senses. He buried his head in his hands. “What’s happening to me? I feel so useless.”
Walt patted him on the back. “Come on, old boy. Let’s go find the Doc Stratford we all know and love.”
———  Two Hours Later  ———
“Tell me, have you tried praying about this?” Walt asked.
“Regularly,” Ari said. “I give the burden to the Lord, and then ten minutes later, I take it back.”
“Don’t you think He can handle it?”
“Deep down I know He can, but I can’t seem to stop myself from fantasizing a solution. Sometimes when I’m alone, I imagine going down to the surface, slipping into her room while she’s sleeping, and giving her the injection. It’s torture knowing she could be cancer-free in a matter of days, and I’m helpless to make it happen. It’s tearing me up inside.”
“Have you considered bringing this to the council? They might approve—”
“—a medical procedure on Adie—without her consent?” Ari said. “And to get her permission, wouldn’t someone have to speak with her? Not much chance of that...but still, I appreciate the thought.”
“Okay, okay. But I want to encourage you once again to turn this over to the Lord. Believe me, my friend, He is well able to resolve any issue, even this.” Walt prepared to leave. “Now look, I want you to take some meds and get a double sleep-cycle tonight. Stop by my office in the morning before you return to work. If you’re as focused as you are right now, I’ll clear you for duty. But we’ll still need to talk again.”

CHAPTER 26
Ari left his office after a long, arduous day. Research alone had added six hours to his schedule. It had been three days since his talk with Walt. He entered his quarters and settled onto the sofa in front of his display, taking a moment to view a condensed version of the Ship’s News. Doc Socal’s Galapagos expedition caught his interest. The senior zoologist had been a week in the islands studying the diverse animal life. Ari found the imagery fascinating and welcomed the distraction. Toward the end of the segment, a window popped up in the corner of the display showing Merrick at the door. He rose and headed for the entrance. “Zoey, let him in.”
Merrick walked in, and the barrier closed behind him. “Just happened to be in the area,” he said, grinning. “Not interrupting your sleep cycle, am I?”
“No, no...not for another five hours. How was the moon?”
“Desolate,” Merrick said, sensing some sadness in Ari’s tone. “You feel like some company?”
“Sure, sure,” Ari said, shaking Merrick’s hand. “Come on in, and have a seat. Care for a drink?”
“No, thanks—had something before I left.”
“So how have you been?” Ari asked. “Two weeks is a long time away.”
“Oh, I’m fine…. You have a lot of time to yourself on a mission like that—lots of time. Anyway, I’d like to share something with you, if that’s all right.”
“Of course, Ari said. “What’s on your mind?”
Looking a little uncomfortable, Merrick shifted his gaze to the floor. “It’s a little personal, so I’d like to keep it between you and me.”
“That’s not a problem.”
The two men walked into the living space and sat on the sofa near the still image display.
“Well, I guess it goes without saying, I’m kind of a technical guy,” Merrick began, “always have been—not very social. Even in school; math, science, and mechanics were about all that interested me. I’ve spent most of my life figuring out how things work—dissecting and putting them back together. All I ever wanted was to become a pilot. So I planned my education to make that happen…. It’s not that I didn’t want to make friends. There just wasn’t any room.”
Ari listened attentively, periodically giving a nod. Many of the crew had voiced similar experiences—their lives focused on achievement, while paying little attention to social issues.
“When I was chosen for the Earth mission,” Merrick continued, “most of the pressure to study and compete was gone. All I had to do was learn the new job and adjust to life on the ship. It didn’t take long to settle into a routine. Now don’t get me wrong, the missions are interesting enough. It’s just the social part that seems lacking. Since I became a Christian, it’s as if I can finally see what’s important. Life isn’t all about technology. It includes relationships—our relationship with the Lord and our relationships with others.... I guess what I’m saying is, I just don’t want to be alone anymore.”
Ari raised an eyebrow. “What do you mean?”
“I’ve gone off the alpha meds.”
———————
The entire crew understood the importance of the Earth missions. Moreover, each individual viewed their ERS crew status as a deep honor, one that warranted their best efforts and complete concentration. Therefore, the majority of single crewmembers had opted for a medical resolution, “alpha meds,” to reduce the distractions of the opposite sex. While the meds could be taken with various levels of potency, even the strongest dose left room for the unusually ardent attraction.
———————
To Ari, Merrick’s story sounded all too familiar. Katie Warren, one of his nurses, had recently stopped the meds, deeply smitten by some new face at the chapel.
“In short,” Merrick went on, “I’m thinking of starting a family.”
Ari smiled at the awkward statement. “But don’t you need a wife for that?”
Realizing his blunder, Merrick retorted, “That had crossed my mind.”
“Then who’s the lucky girl—anyone I know?”
“Just the most beautiful creature I’ve ever seen.”
Confused, Ari said, “Are you telling me, in fifteen years you have never noticed this girl?”
“Doc, as I mentioned, I’ve been totally focused on my job and just don’t visit the upper decks very often. We’re fairly self-contained down on the lower decks. And yeah, I may have walked past her before, but if so, I’m sure I’d have remembered. Anyway, that’s why I’m here. I’ve seen her at the chapel a few times, but her friends are always with her, and I just don’t feel comfortable breaking in. You must know who I’m talking about. She wears little flowers in her hair.”
Ari glanced down at the floor smiling, knowing flower-adorned hair to be Katie’s hallmark. Wait, he thought, the “new face” at the chapel. Merrick’s the only—
“What?” Merrick said, in a guardedly subdued voice.
Ari gathered his thoughts but never got the first word out. The com-link on his wrist came to life showing a very grave-looking Jack Corban on the miniature display. “Jack, you okay?”
Jack was brief and to the point. “Something’s come up. We have to talk.”
Ari felt the urgency in Jack’s tone. “Be right up,” he said, glancing at Merrick with regret. “My friend, I’m afraid I’ve got to go. We’ll have to pick this up later.”
“Sure, go...go.”
Ari accompanied his friend to the central lift, where they parted company. Merrick headed down to the pilot’s quarters. Ari went up one level to the ops deck.
Entering the work center, he tried to process what had happened. Jack was clearly disturbed. What could possibly be so troubling? he thought. And why would he need a doctor?
Walking down the central corridor, he took the second right and passed several cubicles before arriving at his destination.
Jack sat at his console, poring over a multitude of displays. Some showed live imagery of people on the surface, and some showed maps—others, a mix of diagrams and technical overlays.
Startled at Ari’s quick arrival, Jack jerked around. A streak of color drew his attention to the floor at Ari’s feet. He motioned Ari to stop and then pointed down at the threshold. “Don’t trip!”
Ari had been so preoccupied with Jack’s unorthodox summons that he failed to notice the nine-foot Boa constrictor blocking the entrance.
———————
Eight years prior, on a zoological expedition to Southeast Asia, Dr. Neil Bradbury awoke in his jungle camp feeling as if someone had laid an accessory belt across his chest. When he opened his eyes, he found another pair staring back—those of a young Longicaudas Boa constrictor, long and slender, a magnificent shade of yellow with deep black markings. “Stretch” was soon adopted as the expedition mascot and eventually returned with the crew to the ship.
At some point, Ryan Graves, senior ops officer, had taken a liking to the sleek reptile and established the novelty of allowing the serpent to roam freely on the ops deck. The creature’s striking beauty and mild manners quickly endeared him to the crew.
———————
Stepping over Stretch, Ari said, “You didn’t look very happy on the com. What’s happening?”
“Yeah...,” Jack said, on edge. “Look, we’ve become aware of a major military action about to kick off in the Middle East. Have you checked on Adie lately?”
A twinge of adrenaline sent an unpleasant sensation through Ari’s abdomen. “No, not yet, I just came off a fairly long shift. Why?”
“Looks like she’s going to be right in the middle of it.” Jack pointed to a map display of Israel where a single green dot glimmered on the northern border. “That’s Adie’s locator, and this red area just north of her position represents Syrian infantry and light armor. We’ve assessed their communications. They intend to attack Israel within the next twenty-four hours. Once they get rolling, Adie’s compound will almost surely be overrun.”
Ari was stunned, nervous, and suppressing the need to shiver. “Good grief! How is this possible? I’ve had no indication. Everything in the compound has been business as usual.”
“I wish we could have gotten this to you earlier,” Jack said with regret, “but we were monitoring other situations. It caught us off guard—just picked up on it a short time ago. I called you as soon as we were sure.”
Ari was dumbfounded, unable to speak.
“Look, I know how close you feel to Adie...I know. I wish I had some words of encouragement, but no matter how I spin this, the outcome is bleak.”
Choking out the words, Ari said, “There’s got to be something we can do—something.”
Jack felt Ari’s helplessness. “I just wish there were. I’ve run it around and around in my head and keep coming up empty. But if you should think of something, I’m here. I mean that.”
Ari stared blankly at the displays. “Thanks, Jack,” he said, his brain adrift. “Thanks for letting me know.”
He covered the distance to his quarters without recollection, coming to a stop in the middle of the corridor near his entrance—mind fogged—eyes fixed on the floor.
Ryan Graves walked past. “Doc, you all right?”
Ari momentarily snapped back to reality. “Yeah, yeah,” he said, moving close enough to his entrance biosensor to dismiss the barrier. He passed through the foyer into the living space, drawn to the large still-image display of Adie and her family. His gaze settled on a scene of Adie at the piano in the Berlin home. Her beautiful face was aglow in the late afternoon sun. A heavy sorrow settled in. “Oh, Adie—dear Adie—is there no answer—no hope?” he muttered to himself. “You’ve been through so much...and now this.” An almost imperceptible quiver began in his lower lip. “Dear Lord—there must be a way.” His eyes slowly filled and blurred as a number of scenarios began to roll through his mind. Some seemed plausible...others—not. He stood motionless for the best part of an hour, sifting through pieces of ideas. Slowly, the pieces took form, and he paused for a moment to pray.
“Father, I feel desperate to act, but I don’t want to step outside Your will. You may have another plan—or maybe my plan is Your plan. If that’s the case, then I ask that You prepare my way before me. Time is so tight, I feel I should throw out a fleece. I don’t know what else to do…. So here it is. If You wish for me to move forward, then I pray You would keep Adie in the compound tomorrow, that she would not go with the others to town. May Your will be done.”
He walked across the room and took a seat on the small couch facing the main display. “Zoey, let’s check on Adie.” The image came up immediately, showing Adie asleep in her quarters. Data streaming across the top of the image indicated 0300 hours local time. “Zoey, search the last twenty-four hours for the word ‘town,’ either spoken by Adie or to Adie.”
The interface responded. “The word ‘town’ was used in three conversations.”
“Replay the first event starting at the beginning of the dialog,” Ari said.
The first scene showed Adie speaking with her friend Myra, apparently during a morning break. The two young women sat opposite each other, cross-legged on Adie’s bed.
“So what was it that you and Joseph were discussing?” Adie asked. “It sure didn’t look like you were commenting on the weather. Is there something between you two?”
Myra seemed embarrassed. “Actually, I think so. I hope so. He has such a great personality. I liked him the first time I saw him. Now...well, I have a crush on him. There! I said it.”
Adie grinned. “Well, I’m happy for you,” she said with sincerity. “It’s good to see that romance can blossom, even in this out-of-the-way place.”
Hearing discouragement in Adie’s voice, Myra said, “What about Simon? He’s a nice—”
Adie lifted a hand in protest. “Let’s face it, there’s not a man in this camp who would take a one-eyed Christian for a wife.”
“Adie, don’t say that! You have more good qualities than I can count. Aren’t you interested in being married? Don’t you want to have a family of your own?”
“Of course I do, but I have to look at things realistically. Anyway, I won’t marry outside of my faith. So,” she smiled, “I guess I’m doomed to be an old maid.”
Undeterred, Myra said, “Well, if you can’t find someone in the camp, why not try the town? There are a few Christians—”
“Hey, you two!” yelled a comrade through the screen door. “It’s time to get back to work. The day’s moving on, and that garden needs attention.”
Ari had Zoey run the second sequence, which also proved inconclusive.
The third showed Adie, once again with Myra, in the vegetable garden at dusk.
“Why don’t you come with us to town tomorrow?” Myra asked.
Adie turned away. “I don’t think I’m ready to go back just yet,” she said with some discomfort. “Anyway, I promised to stay and help Martha prepare food.”
“Just about everyone is going,” Myra said, “except for the guards, of course. Are you sure you won’t come along?”
Adie smiled. “Maybe next time…. Thanks for asking, though.” She bent down and yanked at a rather large weed near her foot.
Disappointed, Myra said, “I’m going to hold you to that.” She turned and headed for the washroom, yelling back over her shoulder to Adie. “Hey, I heard we’re having stuffed chicken on Saturday. If you’re helping the cook, tell her not to use baking soda in the gravy this time. I still haven’t gotten over that.”
With that dialog, the die was cast. Ari shut down the display and bowed his head.
“…Dear Lord, thank you for answering my prayer…. You knew before time began what would happen this day. And You know that I can’t possibly hope to deliver Adie without You. If somehow I have misread Your will, then I pray You would reveal this to me, either by Your Spirit or through the turn of events. Otherwise, I feel compelled to act. Therefore, I pray that You would bless my plan and prepare my way before me. May every decision I make be in keeping with Your will. Soften the hearts of the senior council, good men and women all, that they might look favorably upon my request. Grant me success, I pray, for I ask it all in Your precious Name and for Your glory.”
———————
Adie had been asleep nearly four hours. Quite often Ari adjusted his schedule to be present when she retired for the evening. It was her practice to read aloud one chapter of the Bible, followed by a prayer. Then Ari would follow with his own prayer and bid her good night, knowing she couldn’t hear a word. But this day had gone long, causing him to miss some very telling moments.
——  Four Hours Earlier  ——
Adie sat on the edge of her bed staring at the floor. The hour was late. She felt weary and depressed. Dinner conversation had been unsettling—talk of a possible invasion. She loathed the thought of another war. Lifting the Bible from her end table, she flipped to the marker and began her daily reading, picking up at Psalm 71.
“In thee, O Lord, do I put my trust; let me never be put to confusion. Deliver me in Thy righteousness, and cause me to escape: incline Thine ear unto me, and save me. Be Thou my strong habitation, whereunto I may continually resort: Thou hast given commandment to save me; for Thou art my rock and fortress. Deliver me, O my God, out of the hand of the wicked, out of the hand of the unrighteous and cruel man.”
As she continued, a tear slid down her cheek and dripped onto her nightgown. The words seemed to sum up her state of mind. Since her arrival at the kibbutz, she had been largely ignored, even shunned, for her Christianity. No amount of good nature could overcome it. She felt like a millstone around the neck of the commune. Now, the talk of war only made things more demoralizing. She stopped reading for a moment, contemplating her uncertain future and then read on.
“Thou, which hast showed me great and sore troubles, shalt quicken me again, and shalt bring me up again from the depths of the earth. Thou shalt increase my greatness, and comfort me on every side…”
She finished, turned down the sheet, and got into bed. The prayer that followed was poignant and heartfelt.
“Oh Father, You know I love You—how I long to be with You and away from this place. Troubles surround me on every side. I feel hemmed in, like a prisoner in my own land. I am a Hebrew, but despised by my countrymen because of my love for Your Son. Truly I have lived a life of sorrow. Mama and Papa are gone. Joshua is gone and maybe Davy and Gil...I don’t know. Everyone I have ever loved is gone, and I am left desolate. I live in a desert surrounded by nations who hate me. I struggle with worthless soil that gives barely enough to survive. I feel lost and without hope except for You. You are my only hope and my salvation. Please, dear God, have mercy. Come and take me home. Don’t leave me here like this, consumed by sorrow and grief. Even so, Lord, I am here. I am Your servant, and I love You. I always will.”
She turned over her tear-soaked pillow and drifted off to sleep.

CHAPTER 27
Confident in his decision and completely focused, Ari stood and faced the display. “Zoey, put me through to Capt. Argon.”
Brenda Case, the captain’s assistant, took the call. “Yes, Dr. Stratford, may I help you?”
“Bren, I need to speak with the captain. I’m afraid it’s urgent.”
“He’s here. I’ll put you through.”
Captain Argon acknowledged his assistant and took the call, sensing something disconcerting in Ari’s expression. “What is it Ari, what’s happened? You look troubled.”
Trying unsuccessfully to keep his emotions in check, Ari said, “Jay, something’s come up, and I need your help...and very possibly the ship’s council.”
Captain Argon had never seen Ari in such a state. It was more than apparent the situation warranted immediate attention. “I’ll assemble the council,” he said, “but it may take some time. Doc Socal and Brent Heath are down on the surface. We’ll try to tie them in on the com-link. Let’s look at meeting in the main conference room in...say, two hours. If that changes, I’ll let you know.”
“I’ll be there,” Ari said. “Thanks, Jay. It means a lot.” The com-link closed, and Ari began pacing the room, trying to assemble a mental timeline. Who can I count on? he thought. How large a crew? When do I call them in? What equipment? The questions spun in his head at a dizzying pace. Periodically he would look up to check the chronometer on the main display. It was time for his sleep cycle, but sleep was the farthest thing from his mind.
———————
When he entered the conference room, most of the council was already assembled.
Captain Argon followed him in. “We’re still waiting on Hal Trundle. Doc Socal and Brent Heath are linked in on com.”
Ari expressed his gratitude, trying to stay focused.
Doc Trundle, the senior engineer, entered and took his seat at the table.
Rather than standing at the podium as was customary when briefing the council, Ari stood at the opposite end of the conference table, in front of the massive imaging display. He removed the tablet from his hip and established a link with the display. His expression was solemn.
“My friends, thank you for your time,” he began. “I would ask that you please bear with me and hold judgment until I get everything out. Something of great importance and of a deeply personal nature has come up, and I think we would all be best served if I just start from the beginning.”
Ari took a moment to gather his thoughts and said, “When we arrived here fifteen years ago, I was among the first to be assigned a case study. Because I’m a Christian, and my area of interest involves the lost tribes of Israel, I was assigned a young Jewish boy, Joshua Behr.” The large display came to life, and Ari began to present short motion sequences of the Behr family. “Joshua lived with his parents and older sister in the United States.
“A year after I started the study, the family moved to Berlin. Then, only a few months after arriving, the boy died of pneumonia. Because I had found the family a very rich source of cultural information, I asked to stay on with them. My request involved shifting my study to the boy’s seven-year-old sister, Adina, or Adie, as she is known. And though, historically, ops only approves case studies for someone of the same gender, I received special consideration based on the reasons I already mentioned and the fact that I am a medical doctor.
“One year later, another boy was born to the family, followed by yet another in late 1937. Unfortunately, the family was caught up in the Nazi persecution and was eventually confined to a Jewish ghetto in central Hungary. While there, this incident occurred.”
Ari began imagery of the assault on Adie’s family. He struggled to concentrate as the violence played out behind him.
“This brutal attack left Adie unconscious and blind in one eye. Sadly, the following day, her parents, along with four other innocents, were taken into an alley and executed...senseless cruelty.”
Hearing groans from several of his colleagues, Ari said, “You know very little of Adie or her family, and yet you are moved by this. You can imagine how devastating it was for me, having grown so close to them over the years. I’ve never felt more helpless.”
As Ari’s petition continued to unfold, no one missed the desperation in his eyes or the uncharacteristic nervousness and anxiety.
“A few days before this incident, the Jewish leadership agreed on a plan to spirit a handful of young people out of the ghetto, including Adie. The escape succeeded and eventually Adie and her companions, with the help of local freedom fighters, managed to join a partisan group some distance to the north. Because her brothers were too young to travel, they remained behind and were taken in by another family. Tragically, six weeks later, a train took the entire ghetto population, including Adie’s brothers, to a prison camp in Poland where they were all put to death….”
Ari delayed momentarily before displaying a map of southern Europe.
“Adie stayed with the partisans until late September, when she and a few others embarked on a seven hundred mile journey across Italy to France. She eventually ended up in Spain where some months later she boarded a ship for Israel. After a delay in Cyprus, she finally arrived in Israel and joined this kibbutz near the northern border—her current location.”
Ari displayed an overhead view of the small commune. The Chabar Kibbutz consisted of over a dozen buildings arranged in two concentric circles around a large central structure. Six guard towers and barbwire fencing encompassed the compound.
“As you can see,” Ari said, pointing to the image, “they are at the southern end of this valley. A few hours ago, ops notified me that Syria and four other Arab nations are moving to coordinate an attack on Israel. The Syrian forces, which include infantry and light armor, will launch their attack in just under twenty-four hours. They are massing in the valley just north of Adie’s kibbutz. And though ops feels Israel will ultimately repel these attacks, this kibbutz, with its limited defenses, will certainly be overrun. If attacked, Adie and her comrades have all sworn to fight to the last person. And so, without intervention, tomorrow evening at this time, Adie will be dead.” Ari paused again to regain his voice. “I am determined to do everything in my power to prevent this. Therefore, my friends, I am humbly asking that you allow me to assemble a small rescue team to go in before this attack and move her to safety. I am aware that this may seem a rather strange and inappropriate request. And I know that formal interspecies contact is forbidden. Yet, I believe I have a plan which will both prevent formal contact and save her life. Please, we mustn’t stand by and allow this to happen. If Adie dies, a large part of me dies with her.” Ari’s voice broke. “I need your help.”
For several seconds the room remained silent. Then, Captain Argon rose from his seat to address the council. “Dr. Stratford has laid before us a remarkable and disturbing turn of events. And I am sure no one disputes his sincerity or the gravity of this situation…. He has asked for our help, and now it is up to us to make a determination and come to a consensus.”
Directing his comments to Ari, he said, ”We understand what has happened and what you are asking. But you must see that an informed decision cannot be made without more facts.”
“Of course,” Ari acknowledged.
“Then, if you don’t mind, I feel we should take a few minutes and give your colleagues the opportunity to voice their questions and concerns.”
“I would be glad to answer whatever I can,” Ari said.
Captain Argon opened the floor to questions.
Senior Ship’s Counsel Morgan Lakeland, a very pleasant middle-aged man, was first to rise. Facing Ari, he said, “I think we can all agree that this is a most unusual request. Clearly, this young woman has experienced horrible events in her life. And Ari, no one here doubts your sincerity or your resolve, but surely you are aware that others among our crew and previous crews have lost case studies in the past. What makes this situation any different from these?”
“I appreciate your question, counselor,” Ari said, considering. “Let me say this. I have spoken with many of the crew as part of my duties and have found that very few see their case study as anything more than that—a case study. They seem to find it easy to remain detached and just observe without becoming personally involved. I confess this has not been the case with me. An emotional attachment has formed, and I feel a deep commitment to Adie, not unlike a close friend or a member of my own family. I have also found that very few of these other deaths you mentioned involved people who were in harm’s way. Even Joshua, my first study, died of natural causes in the care of a loving family. Moreover, in nearly every one of these other incidents, the death came unexpectedly—suddenly, in many cases. I think we can all agree that this is not the situation here. We know Adie will almost certainly die a violent death, and we have the time and means to move her to safety with little risk.”
The counselor settled into his seat and the rather gruff logistics officer, Andy Dunnaway, rose to his feet. With a confused expression, he said, “I assume there are a fair number of people living in this young woman’s compound. How can you expect to succeed? Surely they will resist?”
Ari anticipated the question. “Yes, Andy, and on any other day of the week your point would be well taken.” Ari displayed a map of Adie’s compound and surrounding area, including the nearby towns. “But tomorrow is Saturday, and everyone except the tower guards, the cook, and maybe a few others, will be taking their weekly trip to this town.” Ari pointed to a town thirty minutes south of the compound. “Usually they leave early in the morning and start back just after dark. Some time ago, Adie had an unpleasant experience in town and has not returned since. She usually spends her time reading and helping the cook. My thought is to be on site at the same time everyone starts back from town and use the cover of darkness to get her out. The Syrians are not expected to attack until 0400 local time, the following morning.”
Andy acknowledged the answer and passed the floor to Ryan Graves, senior ops officer.
“You mentioned minimal risk,” Dr. Graves said. “What does that mean? How do you plan on pulling this off without injuring your crew, yourself, and the landing craft, not to mention Miss Behr and the others in her compound?”
With a nod, Ari said, “Ryan, I simply can’t guarantee a mission without injuries, though I have done my best to create a plan that minimizes risk, and I will accept full responsibility for the mission and its outcome….
“My plan calls for a reconfigured Sparrow with a crew of six: the pilot, ops officer, counselor, two nurses, and myself. The craft will be fully masked and therefore invisible, both inbound to the landing site and outbound. As such, the crew will be completely safe, except for the brief moments when I exit and reenter the vessel.” Ari sent a new image to the display. “This is a flash capsule, commonly used as a locator beacon. Tests have shown that without eye protection, a detonated capsule will result in temporary blindness, with full sight restoration in less than twenty minutes. My plan is to use these capsules to disorient Adie and any others who may be present. Then, I will approach and administer a sedative, and carrying her to the landing craft. She will remain sedated until we can put her down in a safe, lightly populated area. I should need no more than ten minutes on the ground, probably less. As far as my own protection, I’ll be wearing full body armor. Of course, there are still some details to work out, but I hope I’ve spoken to most of your concerns.”
Ari continued to field questions from around the room, though some council members chose to pass.
Finally, all that remained were the captain’s closing remarks and the council vote. Rising from his seat, Captain Argon cast his gaze down the long table at a rather nervous Ari. “I suppose extraordinary wouldn’t begin to describe the nature of our colleague’s petition,” he said, scanning the faces around the table. “And clearly our directives would suggest that we not approve such a request. Yet when we left Marcova, the senior mission controller advised me not to view all situations as strictly black or white. We are out here on our own. As such, we must have the latitude to consider facts and make decisions in the best interest of all parties. Ari is a valued member of our senior staff. I would even venture to say, an indispensable member. His well-being is of critical importance to all of us. Over the past few years, we have all come to know him as a singularly dedicated man—a passionate man...passionate about his work, passionate about his faith, passionate about his family. Therefore, should we be shocked to discover that after nearly fifteen years of observing this young woman, he has come to look upon her as a dear friend or beloved sister? And if we had at our disposal the means to deliver a loved one from certain death, which of us would not do everything in our power to make that happen? Ari brings a very unorthodox request of a profoundly personal nature before this council, asking a board of his peers to make an official judgment. To some, such a personal request may seem completely out of order. Yet, when one of our family members needs medical attention and we ask Ari for help, how is that different from what he asks of us today? Isn’t he asking our assistance for a loved one in distress?”
Captain Argon paused briefly before going on. “We are a research vessel. As such, we are a very technical group. We gather data, test hypotheses, observe experiments, and solve complex problems. In human terms, rarely are we presented with a challenge as honorable as the one before us today. Doc Stratford has never given me cause to doubt his judgment. If he says the risk is negligible, I believe him. He has what I believe to be a viable plan to do what he feels is right. I, for one, would like to be a part of a noble effort that we can all feel proud of—this council and every member of this crew. Therefore, I am inclined to recommend this mission go forward.”
At this point, nearly all opposition evaporated. Then, as the yes votes began to accumulate, Ari became visibly moved.
The meeting soon concluded, and the council members started to file out, each expressing their support and best wishes; some with a handshake, others with an embrace. Doc Socal was the only dissenting vote.
Captain Argon asked the ops and information officers to stay behind for a brief meeting with Ari. They met at the podium.
“Well, Ari,” the captain said. “We raised a few eyebrows today. Nothing like throwing a little caution to the wind.” He smiled and patted Ari on the back. Then, shifting his attention to the information officer, he said, “Shayna, I don’t want to keep this from the crew. Whoever oversees this should stay in constant contact with ops. And Ryan, your ops officer needs to be completely open. We’ll trust the office of information to decide what is prudent to release. Let’s keep the focus on rescuing this young woman and minimize Ari’s personal life as much as possible. If we manage this right, it can be a wonderful experience for everyone.” The captain turned back to Ari. “Do you have any problem with this?”
“None...I just want to see her safe.”
“Then clear your schedule,” Captain Argon said to Ari. “This mission gets your full attention from now until it’s over. Keep ops up to date on your progress—crew selection, anticipated problems, intelligence needs, and so on.”
“Absolutely,” Ari said with an affirming smile.
Ryan glanced at Ari. “You mentioned an ops crewmember—did you have someone in mind?”
“I was hoping to get Jack Corban, if that’s okay with you.”
Ryan nodded his approval.
“Listen, I don’t have any idea what Adie is going to be up to over the next several hours,” Ari added. “I’d appreciate it if you would assign a female ops controller. At some point, Adie may not be presentable, but we’ll still need up-to-date information on her location and status.”
“Well, that would be Candy Rayborn, then. I’ll put her in an isolated workstation and clear her for uncensored monitoring. She’ll need Adie’s tracking code, though.”
“My next stop is the launch bay,” Ari said. “She’ll have the code within ten minutes. Hopefully, that’ll give you a chance to bring her up to speed.”
Captain Argon thanked the two council members, and they departed.
Ari delayed for a moment with the captain. “Sir, what you did here today, well, I don’t know what to say. I never expected—”
“Look, Ari,” the captain interrupted, “every person on this ship has a job to do. Each of us is gifted with certain skills. Yours involve medicine. Mine involve leadership...and I lead by serving this crew. My hope is that the decisions I make and those I lead others to make will benefit the crew and move our mission forward.” He shook Ari’s hand. “We’re all here for you, my boy...Godspeed.”
“I’ll never forget this, Jay...never.” The two men exchanged smiles and parted company.

CHAPTER 28
Ari entered the lift and headed down to Deck 11, contacting Merrick on the way.
Most of the launch bay sat idle as the ground crew prepped a Condor-class landing craft for a follow-up lunar expedition. Merrick was on board working the pilot’s console when Ari’s call came in. He quickly glanced at his wrist display and did a double take. “Doc...aren’t you on duty?”
“I’m on my way down,” Ari said, slightly stressed. “Where can I find you?”
Merrick noted the serious tone and responded directly. “As you come out of the lift, I’ll be in the far—” He recanted. “You know what...I’ll meet you at the lift.” He wove his way through several technicians and down the ramp, moving swiftly across the launch bay.
“I take it this isn’t a social visit,” Merrick said, approaching Ari.
“Afraid not,” Ari said, noticeably anxious. “The council’s approved a rescue mission, and I need a pilot.”
“Who’s in trouble? The research teams are all fine. They would have told—”
“It’s not a research team,” Ari interrupted. “Syria is massing troops on the Israeli border. They mean to invade.”
Merrick drew an immediate correlation. “Merciful heavens,” he marveled. “You’re going after Adie.”
Ari’s tone was grave. “If we don’t get her out, she doesn’t stand a chance.”
“So the senior council’s approved interspecies contact?” Merrick asked in disbelief.
“They’re classifying it as informal contact; kind of a gray area in the directive.”
“Okay...When’s zero hour for the invasion?”
“Less than twenty hours from now, though we’ll be arriving much earlier…. Will you help?”
“Are you kidding? No one would turn down a mission like this.”
Heartened, Ari said, “If you’re in, we’ve got some work to do.”
“I’m in! I’m in! What size crew, and how should I configure the bird?”
“We’re looking at a crew of six: a counselor, an ops officer, two nurses, and the two of us. We’ll need a Sparrow set up for medevac, including a medical workstation and two gurneys with displays and overhead panels. The ops console will need the works—com, tactical, and intel. Aside from that, I need you to go into the historical archives and find some decent body armor for the two of us. Make sure the helmet has external audio, plus com and tactical display. And don’t forget the undergarments.”
“I’ll need your measurements,” Merrick said.
“Expect them within the hour.”
“You mentioned a Sparrow. We have only one landing craft configured for emergency evacuation. I’m afraid it’s a Falcon, though,” Merrick said, pointing to a craft about fifty feet away. “I don’t think we’ve ever configured a Sparrow that way; not to say we can’t, but it could take several hours.”
“Under normal circumstances, the Falcon would be fine,” Ari said, “except Adie’s compound is small—fairly tight quarters. I think we need something more compact.” He glanced at his wrist display. “My plan is to be on the surface at around 2130, local—a little over fourteen hours from now. Can you make that?”
Merrick worked a quick mental calculation. “I believe so. Anything else before I get started?”
“Yeah...an external pod loaded with flash capsules.”
“Flash caps?” Merrick said, surprised. “I’d think the last thing we’d want to do is draw attention to ourselves.”
“Merrick, my friend, we only have a short time to line all this up. I’d like to save the mission brief until everyone’s together. Oh, you need to reassign all your current duties. Use the senior council as your authority.”
“Not a problem, I’ll get things going.”
Ari offered Merrick his hand. “I’m glad you’re coming with us.”
On his way to his office, Ari stopped by the psych division to see Walt Maran. Finding him occupied, he left a message with the receptionist and walked across the corridor to the med bay. When he entered, Brooke Hayden, the senior nurse, was speaking with a patient. Noting Ari’s agitated expression, she broke away and followed him into his office.
“What is it, Doc?”
“Where’s Katie?”
“She’s off; should be at the sports-plex working out.”
“Let’s call her in. Tell her it’s urgent. When she gets here, I’ll need to see both of you in my office.”
———————
Katie arrived ten minutes later, sweat-soaked and face flushed from heavy exercise.
Ari apologized for interrupting her routine and gave the two women a brief overview of the mission. “Clearly there is a degree of risk here,” he said. “I wouldn’t blame either of you for declining.”
“Decline?” Brooke said. “Not a chance!”
“I wouldn’t turn this down for anything,” Katie added, excited. “What should we do?”
“Nothing just yet. I’m still assembling the crew, so Katie, for now, why don’t you go on back to your quarters? I should be contacting you within the next few hours. Brooke, you can just stay on duty. I want you and Katie to clear your schedules and line up replacements for the next forty-eight hours. That may be overkill, but let’s do it anyway. I’m heading for ops to recruit Jack Corban. I’ll keep you posted.”
Ari was ascending to Deck 2 when Walt called. “I’m in the lift heading for Jack Corban’s office,” Ari said. “I’d appreciate it if you would join us there.”
The meeting lasted a half hour, after which both men eagerly added their names to the crew manifest.
“Candy Rayborn will be your controller here in ops,” Ari told Jack. “She’ll be able to monitor Adie without the censor.”
“And the pilot?” Jack asked.
“That would be Merrick Borgan. He’s down in the launch bay as we speak, converting the landing craft for medevac.”
“Anything we can do to prepare?” Walt asked.
“For now, just continue to work your shifts…. Jack, you may want to think about how you’re going to manage the ops end of things. Aside from that, we’re waiting on Merrick.”
Walt accompanied Ari back down to Deck 5 where they returned to their work centers. Ari cleared his schedule for the next two days and called Katie on the com-link. “I need you to come in and pick up an auto-injector. Then, go on over to zoology and have them charge it with three doses of tranquilizer, each dose with enough sedative to disable a person who is five feet, ten inches and 145 pounds. Bring the injector back here when you’re done.”
Katie took over an hour to return with the charged injector. “Sorry for the delay, Doc,” she said, approaching his workstation. “Only two people can dispense this stuff. One’s on the surface with Doc Socal, and the other was in with the quarantined animals. She had to go through decontamination.”
Ari laid the injector on his console. “Not a problem,” he said. “Look, I want you to go to the equipment room and prep two gurneys with full instrumentation. Then, contact Merrick Borgan in the launch bay. He’s our pilot. Let him know you’re bringing them down.”
She acknowledged and turned to leave.
“Oh, and Katie,” Ari added, “I know Borgan personally. He’s a very capable man. Right now, he has a huge load on his shoulders. You’re apt to find him, well, pretty focused. See if he can use your help.”
Katie placed the call to Merrick midway to the equipment room.
Her call found Merrick in the landing craft, reaching into an overhead panel, reworking a relay matrix to accommodate the med gear. Having difficulty with one of the contacts, he answered somewhat gruffly, “I’m in the middle of something. Can you call back?” He continued to give his full attention to the pesky connector, ignoring Katie's image on his com-link.
Katie's display showed a jumble of unrecognizable imagery as the sensor on Merrick’s wrist searched in vain for his face. “This is Katie Warren,” she said. “I work for Doc Stratford. Just wanted you to know I’m bringing down a couple of gurneys and some other equipment. We need to install—”
“Listen, missy,” Merrick broke in, “you can bring the stuff down anytime you like, but there are specimen enclosures where those gurneys go, and I can’t get to them right now.” Merrick smiled as the connector finally snapped in place. He moved on to the next.
“That’s okay,” Katie continued, ignoring his attitude. “I’ll need a little time to move the gear down there, anyway. So, where can I find you?”
“Just come on into the launch bay,” Merrick said, still distracted with the contacts. “Look for the landing craft on parking spot S-4.”
Having arrived at the equipment room, Katie broke off with Merrick and began to gather the gear. She secured a med display and an overhead panel atop the first gurney and added some supplies.
Twenty minutes later, she arrived at the landing craft. Not wishing to disturb the pilot, she lowered the gurney until it rested on the deck and returned to the med bay for the rest of the equipment.
Meanwhile, Merrick completed the matrix connections and moved on to the pilot’s console.
After returning with the second gurney and the remainder of the equipment, Katie left everything outside and entered the landing craft. Merrick was on his back under the pilot’s console, an open panel-cover hanging down on his chest and tools strewn around him. He had removed the pilot’s seat and retracted its pedestal to allow easy access to the panel.
“Merrick Borgan?” Katie asked.
“That’s right.”
“I’m Katie Warren. Everything is outside on the deck.”
Merrick had found things a little less obstinate under the pilot’s console and offered a more cordial response. “You have a very nice voice, Katie Warren. The com-link doesn’t do you justice.” He felt around on the floor, finding and rejecting one tool after another. “Do you see a tool that looks like a little glass claw?”
Katie picked up the tool and placed it in his open hand.
“Thanks, Katie Warren. I’ll take everything from here. You can return to your shop.”
Ignoring his suggestion, Katie moved between Merrick and the command seat and sat against the console. “I thought you might want some help.”
Merrick cleared his throat, obviously miffed at the suggestion. “Now what in heaven’s name would a med tech know about reconfiguring a landing craft?”
Katie patiently responded. “I’m a nurse, not a med tech, and if you’re not going to accept my help, won’t you at least shake my hand?”
Running short of patience, Merrick said, “Look, do you have any idea what kind of time pressure I’m under here or how important this mission is?”
“Yes, I do, but won’t you even shake my hand?” she persisted.
Now seriously annoyed, Merrick flipped up the panel, rolled over onto his knees, and rose to face Katie.
Mutual recognition was instantaneous. Katie drew a quick breath, stepped back, slipped on a tool, and lost her balance. With adrenalin-assisted speed, Merrick grabbed her arms and pulled her close against his body to keep them both from falling. She quickly steadied herself, and he helped her into the command seat.
Visibly shaken, Merrick turned and sat against the console, tilting his head back in exasperation.
“What’s wrong?” Katie asked.
He took a deep breath, softened his tone, and looked at Katie. “I am so sorry. I’ve been behaving like a complete blockhead. You didn’t deserve that. I hope you can forgive me.”
“But there’s nothing to forgive,” she said, recovering from the shock. “And thank you for catching me. That was nice.”
Merrick looked down smiling. “...It was nice for me, too.”
Katie began to blush and changed the subject. “Are you sure you don’t need any help with all this?”
Merrick ignored the question. “Katie...can I call you Katie?”
She nodded.
“I’m Merrick Borgan,” he said, extending his hand. “It is so nice to meet you.”
Katie smiled. “And you.” As their hands touched, a tingle ran up her spine.
“Katie, you need to tell me what just happened. Why did you react like that? It was as if you recognized me, or maybe someone had told you something bad about me.”
Katie struggled to maintain composure and hide her affections—not knowing if he shared her feelings. “No...no one said anything bad about you....”
Merrick turned his head away with a puzzled expression and then looked back at Katie. “Doc Stratford spoke of two nurses on this crew. Are you one of them?”
Relieved by the change of subject, Katie rattled off the answer. “Yes, I’ll be assisting our senior nurse.”
“Then Katie, you should know that I’m not very demanding when it comes to the crew. We’re all professionals here. But two things I do value are honesty and trust.”
Katie, clearly not off the hook and now resigned to expose her ardent feelings for Merrick, softly said, “Me, too, and you can always count on that from me.” She braced herself for Merrick’s “Checkmate.”
Sensing her surrender and not wishing to cause her further embarrassment, Merrick reversed his approach. Smiling warmly, he said, “Katie, a little over three weeks ago I became a Christian...the best decision I’ve ever made.”
“How wonderful. I’m so happy to hear that,” Katie said, once again relieved.
“Well, if it weren’t for Doc Stratford, it may have never happened…. Anyway, the Doc invited me to a worship service a few days later. After the service, I saw a young woman talking with her friends.” He paused. “I don’t know, there was just something about her. She seemed so full of life, so radiant. I loved the way she expressed herself. I’m sure she hears it all the time, but I thought she was the most beautiful creature I’d ever seen. She was wearing little white flowers in her hair.”
Katie was overwhelmed—unable to speak. Her heart was pounding—her face flushed. She marveled at his willingness to shoulder her burden and expose his own feelings first.
Merrick waited for her response…. Receiving none, he said, “Listen, if I have offended you in any way, please accept my apology. Obviously, I’m attracted to you. So if you don’t think you can work with me on this mission—”
Katie finally overcame her paralysis. Rising from the seat, she stepped forward and tenderly wrapped him in a full embrace.
Merrick’s arms closed around her. “What a miraculous day this is—so many surprises. And you, Katie Warren...you are the best of all.”
The embrace continued, neither one willing to let go. When Merrick’s eyes opened, his peripheral vision detected a figure standing at the back of the cabin.
Ari was leaning against the entryway, a small equipment bag in his hand. “So I see you two have met,” he kidded.
Katie's eyes popped open. She turned to face Ari, resting her head against Merrick’s chest.
“Don’t mind me,” Ari said. “I just need to drop this bag into the fridge, and I’ll be on my way.” He walked over to the refrigeration unit, deposited the bag, and headed for the exit. “Crew briefing at 1800,” he added, descending the ramp. “That’s Israeli time.”
Katie began to giggle.
“Was that professional or what?” Merrick bemoaned. “If I weren’t sure he arranged this, I’d be feeling pretty strange right now.” He offered Katie a seat and sat facing her. “I feel like things just got a little more complicated on a very complex day. Now, don’t get me wrong, all I want to do is sit here and talk with you. I want to know everything about you. But there’s a young lady down on the surface whose life depends on what we do over the next few hours. Doc Stratford...well, he’s my best friend. And that young lady...she’s the apple of his eye.”
“So we need to put this on hold for now,” Katie inserted.
“As best we can, yes,” Merrick said, checking the time. “One thing’s for sure. On my own, I’m not going to get this bird ready in time. Even with your help, I have serious doubts as to whether we’ll make the six-hour deadline. So, I’ll tell you what...let me get you started with the med gear. Then I’ll go over and see if I can break one or two technicians loose from that big bird across the hangar. That should get the job done.”
“Great! What’s first?”
They set to work detaching the specimen enclosures and other unnecessary components and moved them to the launch bay storage facility. Upon return, they installed one of the gurneys, including its med display and overhead instrumentation. Merrick then left Katie to install the remainder of the med gear and went to seek help.
———————
He entered the large landing craft expecting a battle; however, unbeknownst to him, the information office had already laid the groundwork. The technicians had seen the latest installment of Ship’s News and were very much aware of Adie’s plight. Consequently, the maintenance supervisor willingly offered two of his best men, who accompanied Merrick back to the rescue craft. After being introduced to Katie, the men went straight to work.
Then Merrick excused himself to pick up the armored suits from the central cyclic. While there, he sent a detailed description to Ari. On his way back, he signed out a flash capsule launch pod, but for safety reasons, left it in the maintenance center until he and the others had finished with the landing craft.
———————
“My word—I’m impressed!” Merrick told Katie as he entered the cabin. “You have skills.” She had completed her work much faster than anticipated. He stowed the armored suits under the starboard gurney and moved forward to assist the technicians. Meanwhile, Katie ran preliminary tests on the med gear.
———————
Ari was reviewing a diagram of the armored helmet when Jack’s call came in. He checked his wrist display and noted Jack’s furrowed brow. “What is it, Jack?”
“Things are evolving down on the surface and not in a good way. Syria’s moved zero hour up six hours; that’s roughly 2200, local. Looks like the mission’s taken on a tactical aspect…. What are your intentions?”
For the second time in one day, Ari felt adrenaline enter his veins. He rose from his desk. “My intentions are unchanged,” he said with confidence. “Are you still with me on this?”
“Absolutely, I’m with you!”
“Then let me contact the others, and I’ll get back with you.”
Ari received an overwhelming thumbs-up from his senior nurse. Walt was pained that he even asked, and as for Merrick and Katie, well they weren’t backing out. So Ari informed Jack and remained on duty for the next few hours. He then returned to his quarters to collect a few things and prepare for the crew briefing. Just as he was leaving for the launch bay, he hit a snag and put a call through to ops.
Jack was monitoring conversations between Syrian field commanders when Ari’s call came in. “Yes, Doc, how’s Merrick doing?”
“I think we’re in good shape,” Ari said, anxious for a solution to his problem. “Say, I need to get a few flash capsules from my cyclic, but it says I need a clearance code.”
“That’s right, Doc. They’re a controlled item. How many do you need and which cyclic?”
“Five should do, and I’m in my quarters.”
Jack activated the protocol. “Okay, I just sent the code. You should be good to go. By the way, I’m heading down for the crew brief. See you there.”
Ari retrieved the capsules from the cyclic, placed them in a compact vertical hip pouch, and departed, stopping at his parents’ quarters before heading to the launch bay.
Mrs. Stratford and Ari’s sisters met him at the door.
“Ari!” cried Jennie as Claire moved forward and hung onto his leg.
“How are things going, honey?” his mom asked.
Jennie interrupted. “Take me for a ride on your shoulders,” she insisted.
“No!” Claire complained. “Me first!”
Ari hunkered down and grabbed the girls’ hands. “I’m sorry, my dears, but I can only stay a moment. We’ll do that when I get back, I promise.” He patted them on the back and stood to answer his mom, but was distracted by Mr. Stratford who had just come out of the kitchen.
“Hey, Dad, I just stopped by to let you know we’ll be launching in about an hour.”
“Well, Son, we’ve never been more proud of you,” his father said, eyes watering. “We’re praying for all of you—Adie, too. However things go, whatever decisions you make, you have our blessing and complete support.”
Ari responded with an embrace. “Thanks, Dad. That means a lot.” He reached for his mom. “I love you guys.”
Claire stretched up and tugged on his hand. He dropped to one knee and drew his little sisters close, pressing their faces against his. “You, too, little ones, I’ll see you soon.”
———————
Details of the mission consumed him as he exited the lift and made his way across the deck toward the first of three small landing craft on the port side of the launch bay. The crew stood outside, waiting for Merrick and the technicians to complete their work.
Ari approached, extended a greeting, and walked up the ramp.
“We’re good to go,” Merrick said. “They’re just putting on the finishing touches; maybe five minutes.”
“Excellent,” Ari said, preoccupied. “Listen, can you step outside for a moment? We need to talk about the armor.”
They exited the craft and walked out beyond earshot of the others.
“Something happen?” Merrick asked, puzzled by Ari’s frown.
“I’m just a little concerned about the suits and all that technology. What happens if one of us doesn’t make it out? If that stuff falls into the wrong hands, we could easily alter the balance of power down there, even change the course of history. Tell me there’s some kind of built-in safeguard.”
“Absolutely—the suit has biosensors. If one of us is ‘KIA,’ the sensors will detect it, activate a protocol, and disintegrate the suit and us with it. In the event of capture, the protocol can also be triggered manually, either by a sequence of button presses on the wrist module or from a console in the landing craft.”
“Like Jack’s console?”
With Merrick’s nod, Ari signaled Jack to join them.
“You guys look awfully grim,” Jack said, approaching.
Ari acknowledged Jack’s comment and quickly brought him up to speed. “Now, Merrick and I will be responsible for each other. However, if somehow both of us are captured and unable to act, you must destroy the suits. If the situation is hopeless, do not hesitate.”
Jack stared at the deck briefly and looked up. “I serve at your pleasure,” he said with uncharacteristic emotion.
Ari gave a nod. “Then should the occasion arise, you need to try as hard as you can to look at things from our perspective; see this as the humanitarian act it is. You’re not only protecting us from torture and exploitation, you’re protecting Earth from the misuse of advanced technology. Now, it is possible that your mind won’t allow you to view it that way, and your genetic aversion to violence may take over. If that happens, the psychosomatic result will be immediate, pronounced, and long-lived. You will become violently ill—sick to your stomach. Every time you think of the event, maybe for years, you’ll suffer. I pray this won’t be the case, but I thought you should know.” Ari paused and added, “If it’s any consolation, all three of us are under the same cloud.”
Jack appeared somewhat confused. “Say, Doc, these feelings for Adie...are they deeper than you’re letting on?”
Ari’s expression was solemn. “Jack, she has become my life. I feel more closely tied to her than to any member of my family. I’ll do whatever it takes to keep her safe.”
“Then God bless you, my friend...and God bless us all,” Jack said, reflecting. “You know, I have the distinct impression that this mission, successful or not, will define our lives.”
“Maybe so...,” Ari murmured, “maybe so.”
The two technicians, tool bags in hand, departed the craft and headed for the lift. Ari stepped forward to intercept them. “Gentlemen, thank you for your hard work. I can’t tell you how much it means to this crew and to me personally. Quite possibly, what you have done here today has saved a life. God bless you.”
As the men went their way, Ari motioned the crew aboard for a tour of the cabin.
———————
Though engineers had envisioned several configurations for the Sparrow-class interior, crews rarely used the vessel for rescue, much less a tactical rescue. The craft was compact. Including the pilot/command console, the cabin measured twenty-four feet long and fifteen feet wide, with a ten-foot ceiling. Crew access was through a centered rear entrance. Workstations and equipment lined the interior walls, leaving the central area open for seating and crew movement. The two gurneys and their associated components were on opposite walls near the rear of the cabin. Forward of the port side gurney was a waist-high storage cabinet. Atop the cabinet were three cube-shaped appliances: the cyclic, the disintegration chamber, and the medical refrigeration unit. Forward of the cabinet and just short of the cockpit was the ops console with its large multi-image display. On the opposite side of the cabin and mounted to the wall ahead of the starboard side gurney were the lavatory fixtures, followed by the medical console. Finally, the recessed area at the front of the cabin housed the pilot/command console. Flight dynamics was monitored via a heads-up display superimposed on the windscreen.
———————
Merrick pointed out the many telescoping pedestals used to support seating, overhead panels—even the gurneys. He also acquainted the crew with the privacy barriers, one surrounding the lavatory and one around each of the gurneys, very similar to those used at entryways throughout the ship. For aesthetic purposes, a silver “cosmetic” barrier tightly enclosed the lavatory fixtures when not in use.
With the tour complete, Ari turned to Jack. “As we stand right now, what’s our best bet for an arrival time?”
“It won’t be completely dark down there until 2117,” Jack said, “...that’s Israeli time. Based on current intel, the Syrians aren’t planning to attack until maybe 2200. Unfortunately, that’s also the time Adie’s comrades should be returning from town. Everything considered, I think our best bet is to arrive just after dark.”
“Okay,” Ari said, shifting his gaze to Merrick. “Let’s plan to be on site at 2120. That gives us a forty-minute window to get her out. So, what time do we need to depart?”
“Well, it’ll take ten minutes or so to pass through the airlock and launch. The transit to Earth is two hours, that’s thirty minutes of acceleration, one hour of coasting, and thirty minutes of deceleration. Then, we’ll make a partial orbit, descend, and approach. That should take another twenty minutes.” Merrick paused to calculate. “We’re looking at two and a half hours from the time we strap in until we touch down in the compound. That means we should be moving toward the airlock by...1850.”
Ari checked his wrist display and turned to address the crew. “We have thirty-five minutes to brief. Merrick, why don’t you get us started?”
Merrick reached and touched the only lit icon on the pilot’s console, and the cabin came to life. “Just a few things,” he said. “First, as your pilot, I’ll be responsible for crew safety. Everyone here has a job to do. I do not intend to interfere with your work. However, if a safety issue arises, I’ll be the first to let you know. Doc Stratford is the mission commander; that includes the plan, its execution—everything. What he says, goes. During the transit to Earth, everyone will need to remain strapped in, except for the coasting phase. So if we don’t cover everything during this briefing, we’ll have an hour to address it. As far as seat assignments, Doc Stratford will sit next to me in the command position, Brooke at the med station, and Katie just behind her. Of course, Jack will be at the ops console, and Doc Maran, you’re just behind him next to the cabinet there. Because this is a tactical rescue, we’ll be employing full optical camouflage going in and coming out. During that time, ops will be blind and unable to visually monitor our activities. Communications will be audio only between Jack and Candy Rayborn, our ops controller.”
———————
The outer surface of the landing craft was composed of form-fitted optical panels. A number of miniature imaging sensors, strategically embedded in each panel, captured whatever scene was in front of them. This imagery then passed through a central processor, which assembled a composite image and displayed it on the opposite side of the craft. For example, imagery of clouds captured by topside sensors was instantaneously displayed on the bottom side of the vessel and vice versa, thus providing effective camouflage.
———————
“Now if somehow I should become incapacitated while we’re on-site,” Merrick continued, “and it’s time to leave, just press this icon.” He pointed to the only red icon on the left edge of his console. “That will initiate an emergency protocol. The autopilot will engage and take you to the nearest uninhabited area. When you arrive, a distress beacon will be triggered, and ops will dispatch a second landing craft with a spare pilot to return you to the ship.” Merrick went over several other issues before Ari asked Jack to brief the latest intelligence.
Throughout Merrick’s briefing, Jack had been receiving updates from Candy Rayborn via a pea-sized receiver in his ear.
“As things stand,” said Jack, “the Arab nations have made no further changes to their attack plan. We’re still looking at 2200. The Syrians are coming down from the north in force. Lead elements are staging just north of Adie’s kibbutz, within shooting range. If they get the attack order while we’re on the ground, our first indication will probably be cover-fire. I would expect any resistance from Adie’s comrades to be short-lived, maybe ten minutes at most. The hope is that we’ll have done what we came to do and be outbound before the shooting starts.”
A nervous shiver went up Katie's spine. Walt, the only one to notice, put a calming hand on her shoulder and gave a reassuring pat.
“Tell us about the layout of the kibbutz,” Ari said. “How many people are in the compound right now, and where is Adie?”
“The compound has thirteen buildings,” Jack said. “It’s surrounded by a barbwire fence and a half dozen guard towers. Most of the buildings are living-quarters except for a central dining facility and a rather large multipurpose building. They also have two good-sized vegetable gardens and a rifle range. The majority of the residents have gone on their weekly trip to town, about thirty minutes away. Twelve people stayed behind: ten guards, the cook, and Adie. At present, Adie is in the kitchen helping the cook.”
Walt broke in. “So, what if she’s still helping the cook, or worse yet, talking with one of the guards when we show up?”
“That’s a good point,” Jack replied. “It’s our hope that she’ll be in her room by then. But if not, we’ll be using flash capsules to separate her from the others.”
The comment set off an immediate alarm in Merrick’s head. “Oh, good grief, the launch-pod!” he declared, red-faced and checking the time on his com-link. “It’s still on the workbench in the equipment room! I’ve been so caught up in the reconfiguration, it completely slipped my mind.”
“How long will it take to install?” Ari asked, not overly concerned.
“At least thirty minutes, and we don’t have thirty minutes.”
“Then don’t sweat it,” Ari said calmly. “The pod was a last resort anyway. I have five capsules right here.” He patted the pouch on his hip. “Should be plenty.”
“That is so exasperating,” Merrick snarled, disgusted with the oversight.
Ari stepped forward and took hold of Merrick’s arm. “Look, we’re all under a lot of pressure here. Don’t worry about it,” he said, motioning Jack to continue.
Jack gave a half nod and went on. “There is simply no way to know how things are going to play out. Everything is fluid. We don’t know where Adie will be or who she’ll be with when we arrive. Beyond that, the Syrians are highly motivated and ready. If they’re feeling trigger-happy tonight, we might very well show up right in the middle of a firefight. In the end, I think we’re just going to be making it up as we go along.”
“Just so everyone understands,” Ari said. “I asked Doc Maran, Brooke, and Katie along in case things don’t go as planned. We’re going into a potentially dangerous situation, and we may be dealing with injuries. If Adie is injured, sedating her may not be the best course of action. And if she’s conscious, things could get a lot more complicated. That’s where a psychologist and two nurses will be a very valuable asset.” He smiled at the trio. “So I’m glad you’re here.”
“We’re running a little short on time,” Merrick said to Ari. “Did you want to talk about the armor?”
“Before we get to that, I need to mention something,” Ari said, pausing for effect. “The responsibility for this mission rests with me and me alone. Things may not go the way we expect. We may experience difficulties and make mistakes. If you have to make a judgment call, I want you to know that I trust you implicitly, and I will back your decision as if it were my own. Should your decision prove to be a wrong one, it will be between you and me. If it’s serious enough to get the attention of the senior council, I will answer for it. All decisions made on this mission, whether mine or not, belong to me.” Ari secured a personal agreement from each crewmember before moving on. “While we’re on the ground, there will be a maximum of three people at risk—Adie and I primarily, but in the event something goes wrong or I need someone to cover my return, Merrick may have to step in. The rest of you will remain on-board.” He paused and changed the subject. “Merrick spoke of armor. If you will excuse us for a moment, we’ll suit up so you can see what we’re dealing with. And while we’re on the subject, in the interest of comfort, we won’t be wearing the armor for the first portion of the transit, just the undergarments. They’re made of fairly heavy fabric, so I don’t think anyone will be too embarrassed.”
The two men moved to the starboard side gurney and energized the barrier.
“Before we suit up, let me give you one of these flash capsules,” Ari said, removing a bright yellow sphere from his hip pouch, “just a little insurance. We can pair them with our suits during the coasting phase.”
They donned the undergarments, and with Merrick’s help, Ari added his armor.
“Not as complicated as it looked,” Merrick said, securing the last of the latches. He dismissed the barrier.
“Well, what do you think?” Ari asked, turning around slowly to give the crew a good look.
“Boy, that’s impressive,” Brooke said, shifting her attention to Merrick. “I really like the underwear.”
Merrick motioned the crew closer and gave them an overview of the suit, its capabilities and weaknesses.
———————
The armor was of a technology stemming from one of the latter Marcovan wars—light weight and flat black with articulated plating and joints. The ensemble included four parts. The deep gray undergarments were one piece, from foot-covering to the skin-tight hood, and consisted of a seamless, densely woven, elastic material with a closure from the neck to the crotch. The lower armored portion of the suit, also one piece, included leggings, heavy boots, and armor for the abdomen. The upper armor protected the chest, arms, and neck. Each wrist module consisted of six protruding buttons in two rows of three. The helmet, which completed the ensemble, was fully armored, both outer shell and face shield. A lens and prism system superimposed a tactical display on the interior visor. Flash-canceling technology in the face shield, though originally intended to nullify blinding laser weapons, had seemed to Merrick the perfect antidote for the flash capsules. The helmet was nearly soundproof and thus required an internal com-link with audio sensor and speakers. The armor provided one hundred percent coverage in the front, with somewhat less protection in the back.
———————
Merrick fielded a few questions and glanced at his com-link. “Look, we still have some things to discuss, but it’s time to get moving. We’ll cover the rest in transit.” He asked the nurses to help remove Ari’s armor in order to familiarize them with the helmet, latches, and other closures.
Five minutes before departure, Pastor Granger stepped through the entrance.
“I asked the chaplain to see us off,” Ari said as the crew extended a greeting. “Thanks for coming, Pastor.”
“And thank you for asking me, Doc. Why don’t we pray and get you folks on your way?” Heads bowed, and he began. “Dear Lord God, who is like You? Awesome works and miraculous deeds follow in Your wake. We know that nothing is impossible with You, that You have and will continue to deliver Your people from the most difficult of circumstances. This small company of Your children is about to embark on a mission of mercy. Their sole intent is to save the life of a young woman in mortal danger. Their cause is just. Their intentions are upright. They bear no malice toward anyone. Therefore, if it would please You, Heavenly Father, we ask that You would spare Adie’s life and bring this crew home. We ask this in the powerful name of our Lord Jesus Christ.” The chaplain shook the hand of each crewmember and wished them all a safe journey.

CHAPTER 29
Merrick ensured the chaplain was well clear before raising the ramp and sealing the cabin. The engines began to spool up. With landing struts extended, Merrick brought the craft up one foot off the deck and eased it forward toward the launch platform. Once inside the airlock, he settled the craft down onto the platform and waited for depressurization. When complete, he dismissed the only barrier separating them from the vacuum of space. Artificial gravity kept the landing craft secure on the platform as it extended out fifty meters and tilted down forty-five degrees. Then launch control removed gravity and retracted the platform.
Merrick applied a slight forward thrust, propelling the craft down and away from the ship. At a quarter mile out, he laid in a course for Earth entry and throttled up. In a very short time, the vessel achieved its target acceleration of .3 g.
“Sure makes you glad for headrests, doesn’t it?” Brooke said.
“Amen to that,” Walt agreed.
While Merrick and Jack gave full attention to their consoles, the others remained conspicuously quiet, their minds preoccupied with endless variables surrounding the mission. Merrick noticed the silence and tried a little small talk to break the tension. “So, Doc,” he said to Ari, “in your wildest dreams, did you ever imagine anything like this when you left Marcova?”
Ari smiled. “I was a nervous wreck when I left Marcova…. It’s a miracle I’m even here.”
Merrick rolled his head right. “Now, you have got to tell us what that’s all about.”
Ari paused to recollect and said, “I was still a couple of months from finishing med school when they made the crew selections. Doc Raphin was selected early on. Of the three student doctors that competed for the other position, I came in a rather disappointing second, so I began making alternate plans. Later, when the crew was called to assemble, the selectee got all the way to the spaceport and then just backed out—pulled her application.”
“Good grief,” Merrick said. “Why would anyone do that?”
“Seems she received a marriage proposal that she couldn’t resist—a fellow graduate. He had no interest in the Earth mission and gave her the age-old ultimatum...she chose him.”
“But didn’t that put you in a bind?”
“You have no idea. I was fifteen-hundred miles from the spaceport when I got the call—had to scramble to catch the last transport out. And it wasn’t just me... Because I was to be key personnel, my mom and dad were allowed to join the mission, which they very much wanted to do. Fortunately, they were only a few hundred miles from the embarkation point.
“Anyway, I arrived at the local terminal just in time to see my transport lift off—not my finest hour… The only thing I could think to do was sit down and pray. So that’s exactly what I did. I just told the Lord that I was His, and as badly as I wanted to make the Earth mission, I was going to trust Him. If He wanted me to go, then He would provide a way.”
“That sounds impossible,” Katie said.
“Ah, but with God, all things are possible,” Ari replied. “When I finished praying, I sat back and for several minutes just stared out the window. I was sitting in the first of a half dozen terminals. From my position, I could see all of them stretched out in a long curved line. That’s when I spotted the medevac transport at the far end, maybe two miles away. Now, I’d flown as an intern with medevac for six months as part of my schooling, and I knew their hub was at Cranford Field—”
“Right next to the spaceport,” Merrick said.
Ari gave a nod. “Anyway, I grabbed my gear and headed for the terminal. Typically, those transports don’t stay on the ground more than thirty minutes—just long enough to load the patients and go. So when I finally got there, I was shocked to see they were still on the ground. The senior flight nurse told me the transport was heading straight back to the hub as soon as the emergency shuttle arrived from the hospital. When I asked her if there were any spare seats, she said they were all taken except for a jump seat—for crewmembers only. I told her I was a doctor, but she said that I had to be qualified aircrew. Now, that jogged my memory. When I was flying with medevac, someone told me that aircrew status, once granted, lasts two years. I checked my tablet, and there it was...due to expire in three months.
“The emergency shuttle arrived as they were throwing my gear in the hold. The cabin was packed with patients, so they put me right to work… Believe me, I was a very happy conscript.
“I put a call through to my parents en route, and they met me at the spaceport. We took the last shuttle up to the ship—arrived four hours before she departed for Earth—one amazing answer to prayer.”
“Some story,” Merrick said, shaking his head. “Thanks for sharing that.”
Conversation continued unabated until Merrick powered down the engines, and they began to coast.
Brooke rubbed her neck as she rose from her seat. “What a relief. You wouldn’t think three-tenths of a g would tie you down like that.”
Katie joined her in the back of the cabin where Walt played the willing patient as they ran through a multitude of systems checks.
Meanwhile, Merrick, Ari, and Jack went over the armor: its functionality, programming, and vulnerabilities. Afterward, Merrick configured the suits from the pilot’s console, setting the coded flash capsules to detonate remotely, one at a time, from the left wrist module. In the same way, he set up the suit disintegration trigger on the opposite wrist, activated by a multiple key-press. He then took a seat at the com/intel console to program a duplicate trigger on the multi-image display, enabling Jack to vaporize the suits in the event of the dreaded worst-case scenario.
“Dear God, let’s hope I never have to touch that,” Jack said, replacing Merrick at the console.
Merrick offered a loud, “Amen!”
Scanning his display, Jack noticed two Syrian commanders in what appeared to be a serious exchange. After a few minutes of monitoring, he swiveled toward Merrick. “Looks like the Syrians intend to use fighter aircraft during the assault; all the more reason to apply camouflage early on.”
With Merrick’s nod, Jack touched the ops controller’s window on his display and updated Candy Rayborn.
“I understand,” Candy replied, “audio only; inbound and outbound.”
“Also, we’ll be on the ground in a little over an hour,” Jack continued. “I can see Adie is still with the cook, but I don’t have time to listen in. The cockpit’s a little busy right now.”
“I’ll take care of it,” Candy said. “Be back with you shortly.”
Merrick checked the time and signaled Ari. “Fifteen minutes to auto-braking, we ought to suit up.”
“Let’s wait for them,” Ari said, referring to the nurses at the back of the cabin. “I want to make sure they’re familiar with the gear.”
Brooke overheard and glanced at Ari. “Be done in a moment.” After a final functional test, she patted Walt on the shoulder. “Thanks, honey, you’re a scholar and a gentleman.”
“Katie, why don’t you help Merrick with his armor,” Ari said, “and Brooke, if you wouldn’t mind helping me….”
The two men sat against the port side gurney as the nurses assisted with the leggings and upper armor. Then, after securing the latches on Ari’s suit, Brooke leaned back and frowned. “You sure want to be facing in the right direction if you get into trouble down there. You have gaps around these closures in the back.”
“Yeah, we’re aware,” Merrick said. “It was the best I could find. We’ll just have to live with it.”
Katie couldn’t help smiling as she looked Merrick over.
“What?” Merrick murmured.
“You look—well—massive,” she said in genuine admiration, “—really powerful.”
Merrick struck a body-builder’s pose, giving everyone a well-needed laugh.
Jack abruptly raised his hand to silence the crew. “What was that, Candy? Didn’t catch that last bit.” Jack listened with one hand covering his in-ear com-link. “Oh, boy! This could get dicey.” He turned to face Ari.
The laughter had disappeared from Ari’s face, replaced by sober concern. “What is it?”
“Well,” Jack said, half smiling, “it appears Adie’s finished in the kitchen. She’s heading for her room to—”
“Sounds like good news to me,” Ari interrupted. “She’ll probably—”
“—do some reading before heading to the shower,” Jack continued. “What’s she reading, Doc—the Bible? Is this something she does every night?”
Somewhat distracted, Ari said, “Her devotion, she’s doing her evening devotion—maybe twenty to thirty minutes. She doesn’t read the Bible until later.”
Jack stared at the floor trying to concentrate. “Okay, so let’s say five minutes to get to the room and relax and twenty-five to read; five more to gather her things and reach the showers, and fifteen to thirty minutes to shower. That’s fifty to sixty-five minutes—right?” He looked up at Merrick. “How long till we set down in the compound?”
“We begin auto-braking in five minutes,” Merrick said, “then thirty minutes to Earth orbit. Twenty minutes later, we’ll be on the ground. Add five or ten minutes for Doc to egress and locate her, and we’re looking at sixty to—”
“Sixty-five minutes,” completed Jack. “Doc, you may have to carry her out in the—”
“Don’t say it,” Ari interrupted, now flushed. “I know...good grief, what incredible timing.” All he could do was shake his head. “Let’s just hope it’s a quick shower…. Keep us abreast of that, Jack.”
“That’s—not—funny,” Brooke jested, in a singsong voice.
Distracted and puzzled by Brooke's comment, Ari soon caught her meaning. “Oh, for heaven’s sake,” he bemoaned, and everyone laughed.
Moments later, Merrick initiated auto-braking by rotating the craft on its axis to point in the opposite direction, then slowly throttled up to achieve maximum deceleration. “Thirty minutes to Earth orbit,” he called out.
The atmosphere in the cabin took on a more serious tone as Ari and Merrick began functional tests with the helmets. When complete, the helmets came off, and Ari asked Jack for the latest intel.
“For starters,” Jack said, “it’s warm and humid down there—nearly eighty degrees, so it may be a little toasty in that armor. Right now, the Syrian commanders are debating the best time to attack, though it’s unlikely they’ll make their move before dark.”
“Have you spoken with the controller about a landing spot?” Ari asked.
“Yep, ops believes our best bet is to settle down and hover just above the roof of the multipurpose building where Adie should be. The roof is hard and flat but definitely won’t hold our weight. Merrick, you’ll need to position us at the north end of the building and use the station-keeping gear to lock us in position. Now Doc, when the ramp deploys, you’ll walk out onto the roof, move maybe 50 feet to the stairway entrance, and go down to the washroom. At the bottom of the stairs you’ll see the showers, and probably Adie, across the room to your right.”
Ari thanked Jack and spoke up to address the crew. “Listen everyone, I thought I would touch on a few possible scenarios, so we don’t go in completely cold.
“First, you should know something up front. Whether the offensive has begun or not, as long as Adie is alive, this mission goes forward. Do you all understand? Can you support this?”
The answer came as a unanimous “YES!”
“Okay then, here’s the ideal scenario: The offensive doesn’t begin during the rescue, I am able to sedate Adie without issue and safely carry her to the landing craft. Under those circumstances, we’ll give her an exam and correct whatever medical issues we can while we move her to a safe location. We have three doses of sedative. That should be plenty.”
“How much does she weigh, Doc,” Brooke asked, “and how far will you have to carry her?”
“I should be able to carry her without much problem. It will only be around 50 yards, and Earth gravity should help some…. Anyway, another possibility is that she is injured and unconscious, but the wounds aren’t life threatening. Under those circumstances, we’ll give her the exam and treat her wounds, plus anything else we can. If we need more time, Jack will work that out with ops. Now it is possible that she could be wounded and need to remain conscious. In that case, we’ll probably be dealing with fear and confusion—even shock. Walt, that’s where you come in. She’ll need a lot of reassurance, understanding, and calm smiling faces from everyone—even you, Jack,” Ari poked with a grin.
“What language should we use if she’s awake?” Katie asked.
“Right now, she seems most comfortable with modern Hebrew,” Ari replied.
“And what if you’re wounded...or, heaven forbid, killed?” Walt said.
Ari thought carefully before responding. “Again, as long as Adie is alive and Merrick feels he can get her out, the mission goes forward. If somehow all three of us are lost, then hit that red icon on the pilot’s console, and go. Don’t worry about the suits or our bodies. If we’re killed, the suits will vaporize. No evidence will be left behind.”
The cabin once again fell silent as the crew contemplated the gravity of their undertaking. Even Katie, normally light-hearted and upbeat, now felt great foreboding at what might await Ari and possibly Merrick on the surface below.
Jack broke the silence. “Okay, looks like Adie is heading for the shower. I expect to lose our visual feed in the next ten minutes, when the censor kicks in.”
“Be losing it in about fifteen minutes anyway,” warned Merrick, “when I bring the visual camouflage on-line. You won’t have it back until we’re in place on the roof and I uncover the reception equipment. Of course that will be incoming imagery only...ops still won’t be able to monitor the cabin.”
“Good to know,” Jack said.
———————
The craft entered Earth orbit on schedule. Merrick swiveled in his seat to alert Jack. “Visual camouflage in two minutes.”
Jack nodded and updated Candy.
Halfway through his Earth entry checklist, Merrick called out, “Going red.” He brought the cabin illumination down to twenty percent and changed from full spectrum lighting to red.
For Katie, the cabin had taken on an eerie, unfamiliar mood. The crew’s conversation somehow seemed less reassuring and more mysterious; their faces, pale and lifeless. She felt foreboding and turned to Walt for consolation. “Why did he change the lighting?”
Walt sensed her uneasiness. “Because we’ll be working in fairly low light levels. It will help our eyes adjust.”
Still looking at Walt, Katie used her hand to shield her words from the others, and whispered, “Is it okay to be afraid? I feel so unworthy to be here.”
Admiring her honesty, Walt pondered for a moment and said, “You must have seen some of what went on during the great war in Europe.”
Katie nodded. “We all did.”
“Then tell me, which effort struck you as the most heroic?”
Surprised at his question, Katie paused to think. “I guess, for me it was the Americans when they defended that French town...Bastogne.”
“A perfect example,” affirmed Walt. “But didn’t you see the fear in many of those young men? Didn’t you hear their prayers—their confessions? Even so, they still managed their fear and relied on their training. And how do you remember them? Weren’t they among the most selfless heroes you ever saw?” Walt raised his voice, aware the others were listening. “Let’s be honest now...everyone who’s afraid, raise your hand.” Hands went up. “Look around you, Katie. Do you see anyone who didn’t raise a hand?”
Katie shook her head, a little embarrassed.
“That’s right, and you may not have noticed, but Doc Stratford up there, one of the bravest men I know—he raised two.
“So consider this,” Walt continued. “We’re on a mission to save the life of a lovely young woman who will almost certainly die without our help. Now, if we all do our jobs and find success, how do you think history will remember this event? Five hundred years from now, what will Marcovan school children learn about this crew? Will they learn about our fear, or will they learn about what we did?”
“Nicely put, Doc,” Jack said.
Katie looked at Walt and offered a quiet word of thanks.
———————
“Okay, Jack,” said Ari, “she’s been in the shower for nearly twenty minutes. Let’s get an update...and I need a detailed description of the washroom—what’s in there and where things are located.”
Jack put the request through to Candy and pulled up an overhead diagram of the room. After listening to Candy’s update, he began. “Here’s what we know: Adie is just now getting out of the shower. She’s in a large, open room that measures about fifty by eighty feet—ceiling looks to be maybe fifteen feet high. The room has two doors and a vehicle entryway. Coming down from the roof, you’ll be using the stairway entrance centered on the west wall. The building’s main door and vehicle entrance will be off to your left on the north wall. The room itself is mostly empty except for some clothes washers in the northwest corner and the shower in the opposite corner. The shower room measures about six by ten feet, with multiple shower-heads. Next to the shower on the south wall are a toilet, a washbasin, and then a bench. There are a couple of clothes hooks to the right of the mirror. Adie is standing just outside the shower. Her clothes are on the bench with a small bag, what looks like a perfume bottle, and a syringe. Her pistol is holstered and hanging from one of the wall hooks. The only light source in the room is a single bulb above the mirror.”
“What does the roof look like?” Ari asked.
“It has a three-foot parapet all the way around—should provide some cover. As you go down the ramp, the stairway entrance will be straight ahead—no door. Stay clear of the southern half of the roof, or you’ll get into clotheslines.” Jack paused momentarily. “That’s all I have, Doc.”
———————
Merrick brought the small craft down the valley from the north, passing to the right of Mount Hermon. “No moon tonight,” he said. “Pretty dark out there.”
Candy was back on the com-link with Jack, feeding him updates.
“Adie’s just finished drying off,” Jack said. “She’s wrapped herself in a towel, Doc. I doubt very seriously if she’ll be dressed by the time you reach her.”
Ari gave a nod. “Then, I’ll deal with it.”
“Also, looks like the Syrian army is poised and ready; just waiting for the go-ahead. I think the sooner we get you into that washroom, the better.”
Ari turned to Merrick. “Before we forget, let’s set the cabin to Earth gravity.”
Merrick dropped his hand to the console and made the adjustment.
The nurses exchanged smiles.
“Approaching the site,” said Merrick, “one mile out.” He slowed and entered the compound barely above tree level, establishing a hover directly over the target building. Maneuvering thrusters softly fired to point them eastward, and the craft settled into position, inches above the roof. “Station-keeping is engaged—and locked. Jack, I’ve unmasked the transceiver. You should have visuals.” He glanced over at Ari. ”You’re on, Doc.”

CHAPTER 30
Ari’s hands felt cold and clammy as he donned his helmet and moved aft. He paused at the fridge for the multi-injector and clipped it to his belt.
Merrick extended the ramp and keyed his com-link. “Doc, watch your step on the ramp and then going down those stairs. You’re not used to walking on inclines, and that armor’s going to make things difficult.” He returned to monitoring his console.
Ari stopped to shake Walt’s hand and offer the nurses an appreciative smile.
“Make us proud, Doc,” Brooke said, giving him an encouraging pat on the shoulder.
As he started down the ramp into the inky night, his heart began to pound. The air was moist and heavy, full of unfamiliar scents. He stepped onto the roof. Grit and debris crackled under his weight.
“Doc, you need to walk softly,” Jack cautioned. “Adie’s right under you.”
Ari made his way across the roof. In the bottom half of his visor, the heads-up display presented a 3D wireframe of the building. A small green dot indicated Adie’s position in the large room below. “Listen, Jack, I may not be able to watch this tactical display and manage everything else. Assume I’m blind.”
“Will do,” Jack said as he listened to Candy in his other ear. “Doc, our controller tells me she’s starting to see movement in the Syrian line. It won’t be long now.”
Ari entered the stairwell connecting the roof to the washroom below. He grabbed the handrail to steady himself and carefully descended, moments later coming to a stop at the washroom entry. A solitary light drew his attention to a single human figure across the room. There she stood; not a lifeless image on a display, but flesh and blood, wrapped in a towel, humming softly and peering into a poorly hung mirror. How often he had contemplated being with her, talking to her, enjoying her company. The whole scene seemed surreal. He stood there transfixed as she tipped a nearly empty flask of perfume and lightly dabbed behind her ear. Time seemed to lag. He felt strange. Something had changed—something fundamental.
Jack anxiously watched Ari on his display. “Doc—,” he said slowly. “We need to move along here. Troops are nearing the perimeter. I think this thing’s about to kick off.”
Ari snapped back to reality. He felt sweat running down his face and neck. Reaching into his hip pouch, he withdrew the four amber-colored orbs.
The rapid pop-pop of small arms fire erupted outside the compound, followed by two large explosions.
“Zero hour, Doc,” Jack warned. “The assault is underway. They’ve taken out the towers on the north side. Troops are rushing the compound! Make your move!”
With an underhand pitch, Ari tossed the four flash capsules toward the center of the room.
Adie, startled by the uproar outside and the orbs bouncing along the floor, quickly reached and pulled her pistol from its holster.
Ari moved his hand toward the detonation button on his wrist.
“Save your flash caps, Doc!” Jack snapped. “You’re going to need ‘em—company’s coming!”
Muttering into his com-link, Ari said, “Uh...Jack...Adie’s gun...how many bullets?”
Adie racked the slide on her pistol to chamber the first round. She lifted the gun and scanned the room, her sights coming to rest on the large shadowy figure in the stairwell some forty feet away.
“Relax, I don’t think she’s—” Seeing her expression harden, Jack recanted. “Seven! She’s got seven rounds, at most!”
Adie shuddered at the intruder’s massive size. Though shrouded in dim light, the uniform was obviously foreign. With heart pounding, her instinct and training took control. It’s a snake, a poisonous snake, she thought. Trigger-squeeze—trigger-squeeze.
“Doc, she looks awfully serious. I think she’s going to—”
Ari braced himself for the first impact, which came as a shattering jolt. He held his ground and started moving forward, demonstrating as little intimidation as possible. His immense stature and menacing appearance worked against him.
Jack’s voice was booming in Ari’s ear. “Watch the slide on the top half of her gun! It’ll lock back after the last round!”
Ari counted the rounds which continued to find their mark, causing flashes and small puffs of smoke as they ricocheted off his dense armor.
The last shot rang out…. When he came to a stop, Adie was just out of reach. The mixture of spent gunpowder and freshly applied perfume filled the air with an odd fragrance.
It was then that he realized...in all of his planning, with the distractions and confusion, he had given little thought to conversation. So, in a calm voice, he just said the first thing that came to mind. “You okay?”
Adie was becoming noticeably pale. In a halting, almost indiscernible voice, she managed only one word. “Super—man.”
Seeing signs of impending collapse, Ari lunged forward. Caught off balance and unable to bear her weight, he followed her to the floor, softening the impact as best he could. Her head struck the concrete, and she rolled onto her back, unconscious. “Ah, nuts,” he blurted out in disgust.
Katie, watching her display, drew a quick breath. “What happened?” she yelled.
“Good grief,” Merrick said. “He’s scared the poor thing to death.”
“What’s my status?” Ari shouted.
“One soldier approaching the north entrance,” Jack said in an urgent tone, “ten yards out—automatic weapon.”
“He’s got to get moving!” Walt prodded.
“Ari, turn around!” yelled Jack. “Your full armor’s in the front!”
Ari turned to face the door, dropped down, and reclined on his side, pushing himself back to shield Adie.
The soldier breached the doorway and burst into the room, gun raised. The door slammed hard against the inside wall.
“Fire the capsule!” Jack yelled. “Now, Ari!”
Ari feverishly searched for the detonation button on his wrist.
Aided by the light above the mirror, the soldier quickly spotted the large, prone figure on the floor across the room. The first burst from his gun sent bullets in a narrow vertical stream, first deflecting off the floor into Ari’s armor, then directly impacting across his chest and stopping just below the mirror.
Ari found the button, and a painfully brilliant flash filled the room, blinding his assailant. The soldier winced and staggered sideways. Stunned, and having lost his orientation, he started firing indiscriminately in short bursts, spraying bullets all over the room.
“Move, Ari! Move now!” Jack said. “More are coming! That flash drew a lot of attention.”
Adrenaline pumping, Ari rose to his knees and spun toward Adie. In a series of rapid movements, he lifted her knees, wrapped his arms around her back and shins, and lifted her off the floor. Then, compressing her body into the fetal position, he elevated his left shoulder until her head fell inward against his chest. Confident that he had done all he could to protect her, he started toward the stairwell, keeping his back to the main entrance and the gunfire.
“Move, Ari! Move!” Jack yelled. “You’ve got two troops almost at the door and five more about a minute out.”
Bullets from the blinded soldier whizzed by. One ricocheted off the armor on Ari’s right calf, nearly knocking him off his feet. After another short burst, the shooting abruptly stopped, and the soldier slowly backed away, working frantically to change magazines.
Now nearly halfway to the stairwell, Ari could hear the approaching soldiers shouting to their comrade...then silence.
———————
Katie settled into the command seat, her eyes fixed on Merrick, hoping he wouldn’t have to leave. An unfamiliar trembling began in her lower abdomen and worked its way up to her chest.
Merrick had watched the drama intensify on his display. His moment had come. It was time to act. He turned his seat inward toward Katie and reached for his helmet.
Katie stared at him with pleading eyes, slowly shaking her head. “No,” she said softly. “Don’t go.”
With a calming wink, Merrick rose from his seat, slipped the helmet over his head, and gently touched her arm. “Deploy the ramp for me, will you? And close it as soon as I’m clear. Then, watch the display. I’ll let you know when to lower it again. Remember, timing is everything.”
———————
Ari’s helmet display showed the two soldiers just outside the door.
The first soldier, worried that his comrades might mistake him for the enemy, shouted out in Arabic, “I’m here! I can’t see!”
The two soldiers moved forward and braced themselves against opposite sides of the threshold, scanning the dim room for movement.
Meanwhile, Merrick stepped out onto the roof. As the ramp closed behind him, he turned to the right and tossed his only flash capsule in the direction of the approaching troops. A bright flash lit up the compound, and he moved quickly toward the roof entryway.
The stunning flash did its work, blinding the five advancing soldiers plus three others not far behind.
“Good grief, that stirred up the nest,” Jack said. “Look, we’ve got armored vehicles entering the compound. It’s time to go, Doc!”
The two soldiers at the washroom door were unaffected by the flash behind them. Even worse, the detonation provided the light they needed to spot Ari’s large figure nearing the stairwell. One of them moved into the room, and called out, “Over there!”
Understanding that accurate gunfire was imminent and unable to reach the capsule detonation button, Ari leaned over as he entered the stairwell and smashed his left wrist-module against the wall, detonating his second flash capsule.
The first bullets were already flying when the capsule ignited. One soldier lost orientation and drifted off target, while the other continued to fire with some degree of accuracy, raking the stairwell with an extended continuous burst. Five rounds found their mark, three of which were deflected. Ari winced in pain as one round pierced a crease in his upper armor. The partially spent bullet penetrated his upper back and lodged itself against his left shoulder blade. The second impact was more pronounced. The bullet passed through a one-inch gap in his armor just below his buttocks and pierced deep into his right thigh, narrowly missing the bone.
Merrick keyed his com-link. “Doc, I’m just outside the roof entrance. When you pass by, I’ll step in behind you and give you cover.”
“Almost there…,” came Ari’s pained response.
It was a combination of adrenaline, conditioning, and reduced gravity that saw Ari and his precious cargo to the roof. Straining to hang on, he passed Merrick, moving as quickly as he could toward the landing craft.
Merrick stepped forward and faced the stairwell entrance, shielding Ari’s escape.
On the landing craft, Brooke detached the port side gurney from the wall and spun it 90 degrees (crossways in the cabin) to receive Adie.
Jack, who had been carefully monitoring his display, shuddered at what he saw. “Merrick, one of the soldiers is moving toward the stairwell! He must have blinked during the flash, and the Doc can’t reach his detonator!”
“Cue me when he’s halfway up!” Merrick replied.
Katie fixed her eyes on the command display. At wit’s end and charged with adrenaline, she deployed the ramp for Ari and rose to go after Merrick. “We’ve got to stop him! He’s defenseless!” she yelled, heading aft.
“Doc!” Jack barked at Walt, thrusting his head back in Katie's direction.
The gurney stretching across the back of the cabin slowed Katie's progress enough for Walt to make the interception. He grabbed her by the shoulders and pulled her close. Her spirited struggle surprised him. “Katie, sweetheart—Katie—Katie, let’s not do this. God’s in control here. Why not let Merrick do what he came to do? Don’t be afraid, now. He’ll be fine.”
After a moment, her panic subsided. “I don’t want to lose him, Doc,” she sobbed, tears flowing.
“Where is he, Jack?” Merrick asked, impatient with the Syrian’s progress.
“He’s being cautious; almost there.”
Ari started up the ramp.
“Doc Maran, I need a hand here,” Brooke called out.
Walt acknowledged and gently turned Katie around. “Go on up there and close the ramp behind Doc Stratford. Be ready for Merrick, though; he’ll be right back.”
Katie reluctantly headed back to the command console.
Walt turned around just in time to assist Ari in lowering Adie onto the gurney. As the ramp came shut, Brooke covered Adie in a blanket and moved the gurney back into its place against the wall.
Meanwhile, the Syrian had finally crossed the line, and Jack alerted Merrick. “You’re on, my friend! He’s halfway up.”
“Listen, don’t be alarmed,” Merrick cautioned. “I’m going to switch over to Arabic and start making some threatening racket to scare him off. And Doc, get ready to fire those other flash caps!”
“Yeah,” Ari said, holding onto Adie’s hand and struggling to concentrate.
Merrick made his move. Cranking external audio to maximum, he leaped through the entryway to the top of the stairs, arms flailing and screaming like a banshee. The Syrian, shocked by Merrick’s immense size, imposing body armor, and terrorizing behavior, froze temporarily in panic. Merrick rushed down the stairs bellowing threats in Arabic. The Syrian took two steps back and closed his finger on the trigger. A half dozen rounds ripped across Merrick’s armor before he wrenched the rifle from his adversary’s hands and shattered it against the wall. The soldier turned and dashed down the stairs, presumably in search of another weapon.
Meanwhile Ari, who had been eyeing the tactical display in his helmet, fired the third flash capsule, delayed a few seconds, and then fired the fourth.
“Okay, that’s it!“ Jack prodded, “let’s go!”
Merrick turned and sprinted up the stairs, taking three steps at a time. “Katie—deploy the ramp!” he yelled.
Katie, nerves shot and finger shaking uncontrollably over the touch screen, had to use her other hand to steady herself and deploy the ramp. It had only been down for a few seconds when Merrick came bounding into the cabin. He gave Katie a thumbs-up, and the ramp came shut.
Responding to Brooke’s coaxing, Ari reluctantly left Adie’s side and made his way across the cabin, light-headed and dazed. He set his helmet on the med console, and with an agonized groan, settled slowly into the seat, eyes fixed on Adie, still unconscious on the gurney.
Merrick went forward to relieve Katie. “Nice work,” he said, reaching out to help her up. “Why are you trembling? What’s wrong?”
With a nervous smile, Katie said, “What you and Doc Stratford did out there, well, it was the most heroic thing I’ve ever seen…. But that’s about as much excitement as this girl can take.” She rose from her seat and kissed him warmly on the cheek before leaving to help Brooke.
Jack turned to Ari. “You know, Doc, you should have kept a better eye on that tactical display.”
“Excuse me, Doc,” Brooke interrupted. “Adie’s got a pretty good bump on her head.”
Working to maintain focus, Ari said, “I don’t think she hit hard enough for a concussion. She should come around.”
“What about the sedative?” Brooke asked.
Ari shook his head. “Not just now.”
Merrick disengaged station-keeping, took the landing craft up 100 feet, and started a slow ascending turn to the south, heading down the valley and out of harm’s way.

CHAPTER 31
Katie was first to notice the two dark spots on the floor at the rear of the cabin. She reached down for a sample and held it under the light above Adie’s gurney. “Someone’s bleeding!”
Brooke swung back to Adie. “Let’s turn her over.”
“Not necessary!” Ari interrupted.
All eyes shifted to Ari and then to the blood smear on the lead edge of his seat.
Walt, who was standing at the rear of the cabin, moved quickly toward Ari. “Unbelievable! Why didn’t you say something? Brooke, help me get him to the gurney...where are you hurt, old boy?”
Groaning as he was assisted up, Ari pointed toward his back. “Left shoulder...right upper thigh.”
While Walt held him upright, the nurses carefully removed the armor, exposing two holes in his undergarment. Katie noticed a crimson streak running down the back of Ari’s leg and retrieved the lower armor. Reaching down into the right heel, she withdrew her hand, covered in blood.
“Jack, get ops on the line!” Walt blared.
As Jack opened the channel, Brooke moved quickly to control the bleeding.
“Candy!” Jack called out.
“No!” Ari protested, keeping his voice down.
Jack turned to see Ari gesturing for him to break off with the controller. “Stand-by, Control!”
Beginning to weaken, Ari explained, “If they know I’m seriously wounded, they’ll have us put her back on the surface, leave her there, and return to the ship. That is not going to happen. As I told you when we briefed, the responsibility for this mission is mine and mine alone—all decisions and all actions. Everyone agreed to that.
“As long as they think I’m all right, everyone is covered. So it’s imperative that I get these things resolved before I pass out.” Ari shook his head, trying to fend off the inevitable. “I know you all have questions, but right now I just need your trust.” He gathered his strength and gestured for Jack to put him through to the ship.
“Control?” Ari said.
Candy Rayborn seemed impatient. “What’s your status, Jack? How long till you set the girl down?”
“A change in plans,” Ari said, feigning confidence and stamina.
“Dr. Stratford, what are your intentions, sir?” Candy said, recognizing Ari’s voice.
“I’m not going to leave her.”
The rescue crew looked at one other, astonished.
“Stand-by, sir,” Candy said, “I’m transferring you to the captain.”
Captain Argon was in his office conferring with the senior counselor when the call came in. “Yes, Control...how is the crew?”
“Sir, there’s been a development. I have Dr. Stratford on com.”
“Is everyone okay?”
“I think Dr. Stratford should explained it, sir.”
“Very well, put him through.”
“I’m passing him over, sir.”
“Ari, my boy, are you all right?”
“Yes, we’re all fine, sir. But I need for you to know...I won’t leave her.”
The revelation caught Captain Argon off guard. “What is it, Ari? What’s this all about? I thought we were just saving her from an attack. Are you telling me you have feelings for this young woman?”
“Sir, I love her.”
Ari’s crew was speechless, wondering what would happen next.
“You mean as a sister?”
Ari hesitated. “At first...yes, but when I met her in person, well, something happened. I’m in love with her. I’m sure of it.”
Katie couldn’t take her eyes off Merrick, who glanced over in time to catch her warm smile.
The com-link fell silent for a moment as Captain Argon considered.
“Ari, you know this is insane,” Captain Argon continued. “She isn’t one of us. Don’t you think she needs to be with her own people? She doesn’t even know you.”
Ari turned slightly and propped himself against the empty gurney. “Sir, her family is gone—all except a few relatives on the other side of the planet. She has one or two friends in the compound, but they have little in common...and yes, she may miss them...and no, she doesn’t know me, but I would like for her to have the chance and then make up her own mind.”
Walt was starting to see signs of life in Adie and alerted Ari with a hand motion.
Ari nodded and bent forward, trying to keep the blood in his head. His mind began to blur.
Seeing Ari in distress, Brooke stepped forward to steady him.
In a delayed response, the captain said, “Ari, you are asking me to approve the very thing we have been instructed to avoid….”
“Sir, I understand your position, but I won’t leave her. If I can’t bring her up to the ship, I will stay with her on the surface. I won’t leave her alone...I won’t leave her alone,” he repeated.
“But Ari, you’ve put me in an impossible position here. The way I see it, we only have two options: We leave you both on the surface, and I lose my senior medical officer, or we bring her back to the ship. Losing you is unthinkable, and if we bring this young woman up here against her will, I won’t be able to live with myself. Is there no middle ground, my boy?”
Realizing the captain had misunderstood, Ari said, “Sir, I’m sorry if I didn’t make myself clear. I do not intend to force Adie to do anything against her will. If I accompany her to the surface and she sends me away, I will return to the ship. Likewise, if I can’t persuade her to come up to the ship, I will return her to her people. You have my word.”
The com-link fell silent as the captain responded to a gesture from the senior counselor. “What do you think, Morg?” he asked.
“You and I both know informal contact has been approved once before,” the senior counselor replied. “Sure, it didn’t work out, but the fact that the mission was approved sets a precedent.”
———————
In the mid-nineteenth century, two Earth missions earlier, a female biotech had become emotionally attached to a Russian soldier. Following a skirmish, the soldier found himself cut off behind enemy lines without food or ammunition. The biotech petitioned her ship’s council and won approval to attempt a rescue. Unfortunately, the soldier was captured before the crew could reach him.
———————
Captain Argon acknowledged the incident. “Let’s not kid each other, Morg. You, myself, and probably every member of this crew, except maybe Doc Socal, want to see this happen. I can think of nothing more exciting than the opportunity to interact with a fellow human from another civilization. And I hate to say it, but Ari twisting our arm like this has given us the perfect opportunity and reasonable justification to approve such an action. If she’s willing to come up, think of what we can learn.”
“Yes, but we mustn’t forget, she’ll be learning as well,” the senior counselor cautioned.
“I’ll address that,” the captain said.
Meanwhile, Ari struggled to remain conscious until the com-link returned to life. He looked around the cabin at his crewmates. “Sorry, guys. I know this isn’t what you signed on for.”
“Nonsense!” Walt said. “This is better than what we signed on for. We’re all here for you, my friend.” The others echoed their support.
Captain Argon reopened the channel. “All right, Ari...all right.... Here’s what we’ll do. We’re giving you an additional three hours to try to persuade this young woman to come with you. If she is willing, then bring her up. She can stay as long as she wishes. Just remember, you must safeguard the details of our technology, now and until such time as she makes a formal commitment to Marcovan citizenship. But regardless, whether she chooses to join us or return to the surface, I want you back on board in 5 hours.”
Ari breathed a sigh of relief. “Thank you, sir...thank you. I accept full responsibility for her welfare and for the safeguarding of our technology. I will return with the crew in 5 hours.”
“Believe me, my boy, I truly hope this goes well, for all our sakes. God bless you and your brave crew.”
“Thank you, sir.”
Captain Argon transferred com back to the controller, who promptly began exchanging flight and mission data with Merrick and Jack.
Looking pale and weak, Ari pointed Brooke to the refrigeration unit. “Open it,” he said.
Brooke pulled out the small equipment bag, looked inside, and began to place the items on the med console. “Wow, Doc! You don’t leave much to chance.”
Ari slowly unclipped the auto-injector from his hip and passed it to Brooke. “Adie probably needs insulin. When she comes around, ask her when she had her last injection...And let’s get her a patch for that eye. Her glasses didn’t make it. Also, you’ll find four units of blood there—two of Merrick’s and two of mine. And Jack, you need to keep an eye on Adie’s comrades—the ones who went to town. She’ll want to know if they’re all right.”
“Will do,” Jack said, “but right now you need to lie down, and let them take care of you.”
Walt and Katie helped Ari onto the gurney, laying him on his stomach facing Adie. On the wall beside him, the medical display came to life.
Fighting to stay conscious, Ari glanced up at Katie and said, “Before you get started, I need a moment with Walt.”
Though hesitant, Katie consented, stepped back, and energized the barrier.
His voice weakening, Ari was determined to get his last thoughts out. “Walt, right now you and I are the only ones who know of Adie’s cancer. I loaded microbiotics into one of the auto-injector chambers. Don’t let them use it unless Adie wants to return to the surface, and then, only with her permission. I don’t know what strain of cancer she has, so I just used a broad spectrum approach—not the best way to get at it.”
“I understand,” Walt said. “I won’t mention it unless it becomes an issue.”
“Thanks, my friend,” Ari said, fading. “My future is in your hands...go easy...and try not to scare her, you big lug.” He smiled weakly.
“I won’t let you down,” Walt said. “Now rest well and let these nurses do what they do best.”
Ari passed out before Walt finished the sentence.

CHAPTER 32
Walt dismissed the barrier and beckoned to Katie. “The doc just passed out...I’ll leave you to it.” He gave Katie a pat on the arm and moved across to Adie’s gurney.
Brooke, seeing how Walt towered over Adie, gave a verbal command to Conrad, the landing craft interface, causing a telescoping stool to rise from the floor beside Adie. Walt thanked her and took the seat.
Stepping in beside Katie, Brooke used a parting tool to cut away Ari’s undergarment, enabling Katie to treat and bandage his wounds. Brooke then covered Ari with a sheet and took a moment to study his med display. “My word, he’s lost a lot of blood—down nearly five units. We need to get that transfusion going pronto. Why don’t I deal with that while you start an IV?”
Jack turned to address Walt. “You know, Doc, if this is going to work without raising suspicion, Doc Stratford needs to be ambulatory. If they find out he’s been seriously wounded, we’re going to take a lot of heat, and justifiably so.”
Walt smiled. “The Lord knows what’s going on. I’m sure He’ll take care of it. Let’s give the nurses a chance to do their work.”
“Of course...you’re right,” Jack agreed, scratching his head. “Just a little paranoia, I guess.” He glanced back at his console to see an update on their mission status. “Merrick, we have confirmation for a three-hour delay. What’s your plan?”
“Well, right now the ship’s on the opposite side of the earth,” Merrick said. “No matter where we punch out of the atmosphere, we’ll have roughly the same transit time back. So I figured I’d just take us up to 3,000 feet, cruise out over the Mediterranean, and wait until Adie makes her decision. Now, we’ll need that decision by the two and a half hour mark in order to make the five-hour deadline. The way I see it, if she says no, we’ll have a half hour to return her to a safe place on the surface. If she says yes, we’ll have that same time to prepare her for the transit back to the ship.”
“What if she wants to be dropped off somewhere else,” Jack asked, ”like the United States?”
“Then she’ll have to come with us to the ship anyway. Right now, it’s daytime in most places she’d want to go. I think we can all agree, the best bet would be to set her down under cover of darkness. Right now, that makes Israel the most likely choice.”
Katie started the IV and moved out of the way so Brooke could monitor Ari’s condition. Then, remembering Ari’s request, she used the med console to search the database for a suitable eye patch. Finding one, she put in the request, retrieved the patch from the cyclic, and stepped over to Adie’s gurney.
As Katie secured the patch, Walt pondered how to address Adie. “I’m not usually at a loss for words,” he said. “For Ari’s sake, I want to get this right.”
Brooke turned slightly and said, “You’ll know what to say when the time comes, Doc. You’re a trained psychologist.”
“Might start with a prayer,” Katie suggested. “She’s a Christian. She’ll like that. And Doc, you should lower your seat. You’re going to scare the poor girl.”
Walt nodded gratefully. Then, seeing Adie stir, he motioned for quiet. Aside from the constellation of annunciator lights throughout the cabin, the light above Adie was the only one burning, leaving the crew, for the most part, in darkness.
Adie took in a deep breath and regained consciousness. Her memory came rushing back. She cautiously exhaled and lay motionless. Walt gently placed his hand on her arm and bowed his head. “Father in heaven, who is there like You? You have created the heavens and cloaked them in majesty. You have created man in Your likeness and in great variety, giving him an intelligent mind and the ability to reason. I know it grieves Your Holy Spirit to see so much trouble on Earth. And Lord, we have witnessed great trouble today. We know that lives were lost at the hand of the Syrian Army, and even now the killing continues. We pray that You would protect Israel. We pray for her deliverance. And Father, we thank You for delivering us from the violence this evening, and for enabling my friend to rescue this precious one lying before me. Lord, as You know, our mission was not without mishap. This young woman was injured and our friend, badly wounded. Help us now, Dear Lord. We need Your wisdom. We need Your healing and Your provision. Calm our spirits and give us Your peace. Pour out Your grace upon us, for I am asking these things in the Name of Your precious Son, Jesus.”
Katie glanced up at Adie’s med display, leaned in, and whispered in Walt’s ear. “Her eyes are closed, but she’s listening.”
Walt thought for a moment, then in a warm calming tone, offered his first words to Adie. “Sweetheart, I know you’re hurting, and I know you’re frightened…. Even so, I assure you there is no need for fear. No harm can come to you here.
“A little while ago, you fainted, and you have a pretty good bump on your head. Now, we’re going to treat that in a moment, but I need to tell you a few things first.” Sensing that Adie was afraid to open her eyes, Walt reached and took her hand. “If you’re okay with what I’ve said, why don’t you squeeze my hand?” A smile formed on Walt’s face as her hand slowly closed around his. “You are onboard a small Marcovan vessel and in the company of six very nice people, all of whom wish you well. Now...when you look around the cabin, you’re going to see many unfamiliar things. I don’t want you to be alarmed. You are among friends. Oh, yes, one more thing; your friends here, well, we’re all fairly tall and our clothing may seem a little strange. If you’re okay with this, squeeze my hand.” Once again, Adie responded. “Well, then young lady, if it’s all right with you, would you mind looking at me for a moment?” As her eyes began to open, Walt gathered every bit of kindness he could muster and projected it through his expression and tone of voice. “Hello, is there something you would like to say?”
Adie slowly rolled her head to the left. Without her glasses, she could make out just enough of Walt’s face to see his warm smile, and it set her at ease. “Are you an angel?” she asked.
Walt was amazed at the comment and drank in the rarity of the moment. “That’s funny; I was going to ask you the same thing.”
Katie leaned over and whispered to Brooke. “Isn’t her voice the sweetest thing?”
Hearing muffled conversation, Adie said, “I think I hear someone.”
“I’m sorry;” Walt said, “let me introduce you to the crew. Jack, would you bring the cabin lights up a little?” The lights brightened, giving form to the cabin interior. “This woman behind me is Brooke Hayden, our senior nurse.”
Brooke stepped forward and took Adie’s hand. “I’m honored to know you,” she said.
“I’m Adie Behr. It’s nice to know you, too.”
“Well, I hope you’ll excuse me, honey,” Brooke said. “I have a few things I need to attend to.”
Adie nodded and Brooke returned to Ari who was blocked from Adie’s view by Walt’s broad shoulders.
“And this is our other nurse, Katie Warren,” Walt said.
Katie was at the gurney before Walt finished the introduction. “Can I ask you a question?” With Adie’s nod, Katie bent down to whisper in her ear. “What’s that you’re wearing? It’s a lovely scent.”
The question formed an instant bond.
“I wish I could tell you,” Adie said. “When my mother gave it to me, the label was worn off.”
“Well, it smells divine,” Katie said.
“Moving right along,” Walt injected. “This fellow to my right is Jack Corban, our operations officer.”
Jack left his console and moved around his seat to stand beside Walt. “Welcome,” he said. “It’s a pleasure to have you with us. And I must say, Katie is right about the perfume.”
Adie blushed as Walt continued the introductions. “Now that very powerful looking fellow up there in front is Merrick Borgan, our pilot.”
Adie tilted her head back to see.
“Oh, that’s okay, sweetheart,” Walt said, “he’s coming.”
Having set the autopilot, Merrick approached the gurney and came down on one knee. Then, with a disarming smile, he carefully lifted and kissed Adie’s hand. “We are so happy to have you among us, m’lady.”
“My goodness,” Adie said, alluding to his chivalry and imposing stature.
Merrick gave her hand a gentle pat, excused himself, and returned to the cockpit.
Looking at Walt, Adie said, “He reminds me of a knight—like he was chiseled out of marble.”
Katie suppressed a giggle, both humored and gratified by Adie’s description.
“He does, indeed,” Walt said, glancing briefly at Merrick. “And my name is Walt Maran. I’m a counselor.”
As Walt rose from his seat, Adie’s eye opened wide. Referring to his colossal stature, she said, “My goodness...you should be a basketball player.”
Walt smiled. “Well, what a nice thing to say, but alas, I’m afraid any skills I may have lie elsewhere.” He glanced back to see a barrier around the other gurney. “Now we have one other crewmember I would like you to meet; however, we have to hold off for now. He’s not feeling very well.”
With a look of concern, Adie said, “Is he going to be all right? In your prayer you mentioned that someone was wounded.”
“Listen, I know you have many questions, and I assure you we will answer everything we can, except, right now we need to attend to that bump on your head and make sure you’re okay. So I’m going to leave you in Katie's capable hands. And Katie, if you want to answer some of Adie’s questions, that would be fine.” Walt moved out of the way and took a seat at the med console.
Merrick noticed Walt’s look of concern. In almost a whisper, he said, “Doc, you did good back there, very good...way better than any of us could have.”
“I just hope it was good enough,” Walt said. “But thanks for the encouragement. Katie has her now. I felt a kindred spirit between those two. Let’s hope my hunch is right.”
Katie perched on the seat beside Adie’s gurney and took her hand. “If you don’t mind, I’d like you to close your eyes for a second.”
The moment Adie’s eye closed, Katie touched an icon on the side of Adie’s gurney, forming a barrier around them. “Okay, you can look now.”
Adie noticed the barrier immediately. “Where did that come from? I didn’t hear anything.”
“That’s a privacy barrier,” Katie said. “As long as it’s in place, no one outside can see or hear what’s going on in here. We’re completely isolated.”
“How on Earth does that work?”
“Well, it’s fairly complicated. I’ll have Jack explain it to you a little later if you’re interested. For now, though, we need to work on making you feel better. So what I want you to do is turn your head toward me and hold still for a second. I need to focus a beam of light on that bump.” Katie touched another icon on the side of Adie’s gurney, and a small control display extended from a hidden panel. She zoomed in, centered a crosshair on Adie’s injury, and initiated tissue stimulation. An intense blue energy beam slowly descended on the targeted area. “All you will feel here is the pain start to go away.”
“What’s it doing?” Adie asked, a little concerned.
“It’s speeding up the healing process. We call it tissue stimulation…. You don’t have to be still anymore.”
As Adie turned her head to look at Katie, the beam followed, maintaining focus on the affected area.
“It’s going to take a few minutes,” Katie said, “so while we’re waiting, I’d like to give you an examination. Do you mind?”
With Adie’s consent, Katie energized the overhead sensors and perused the med display on the wall. Vital signs read out across the top of the display. The center portion showed a full body-scan with problem areas highlighted in red. Details concerning the problem areas scrolled across the bottom. Adie’s poor vision rendered the alien verbiage indiscernible.
“So, how is it that you all speak Hebrew, yet you don’t seem to be Israeli?” Adie asked, feeling a little less timid.
Katie hesitated, surprised by the direct approach. “Oh my, that’s a really big question,” she said, finishing her medical assessment and lowering her seat to Adie’s level. “And I’m going to answer that, but first I need to say a few things…. I want you to know, you can always count on the truth from me and from everyone on this crew. We are all Christians here, except for Brooke.” Katie smiled. “We’re still working on her…. Anyway, you have nothing to fear. We will not force you to do anything against your will. You have been rescued, not abducted.” She took Adie’s hand. “You are safe with us. We have and will continue to protect you with our lives. Can you accept what I just said? Do you believe me?”
Adie nodded.
“Do you trust me?”
“Yes.”
“Okay then. To answer your question, we’re not Hebrew. We’re Marcovan.”
Puzzled, Adie said, “I’ve never heard of Marcov—”
“Marcova? Well, don’t feel alone, no one else on Earth has, either.... Adie, where have you ever seen equipment like this on Earth? And where have you ever seen six people as tall as we are, all in the same place?” Katie looked up at the display to see Adie’s heart rate and blood pressure start to rise. She leaned in and kissed Adie on the cheek. “I promise; you are safe. I want to be your friend. Say something...anything.”
Adie took a breath. “Then, where are you from?”
“Well, we’re from a moon called Marcova that circles a planet about seventy-trillion miles from here.”
Adie’s mouth opened as thoughts raced through her mind. “You’re kidding. You have to be kidding.”
Katie shook her head. “The truth, Adie...remember, I promised.”
At a loss for words, all Adie could do was state the obvious. “I say, aren’t you a long way from home?”
The unexpected humor caught Katie off guard, and she started to giggle. Then Adie, unable to control her nervous energy, joined in. The giggling quickly intensified into uncontrollable laughter. Within seconds their faces were beet red—eyes watering—stomach muscles tightening. Katie put her hand on Adie’s arm. “Stop now, stop. It hurts.” The laughter slowly subsided. “There, that’s better,” Katie said. Both of them took a deep breath and regained their composure. Katie reached up and turned off the blue energy beam. “Let’s have a look at that bump. I guess it wasn’t all that bad.” As she leaned in, Adie started giggling again. “Now don’t you start.”
“Sorry,” Adie said. She covered her mouth and held her breath, but to no avail. Once again they were convulsing in laughter, with Katie now doubled over, her head pressing on Adie’s arm.
She reached up and took hold of Adie’s hand. “Have mercy—I surrender. Be nice!” The levity continued for the better part of a minute and then once again subsided. “Well, so much for professionalism,” Katie said. “What do you say we change the subject?”
“Good idea,” Adie said, feeling for the bump on her head. “Isn’t that something? It’s gone—and the pain—how amazing.”
“Uh-huh.” Katie ended the stimulation. “Listen, I noticed you’re a diabetic...when was your last injection?”
The question jogged Adie’s memory and drew a concerned look. “I missed it...I must have left my medicine behind.”
“Well, let’s take care of that right now.” Katie removed the auto-injector from her waist-band and cleaned a spot on Adie’s forearm.
“What’s that?”
“It’s like a syringe...only better. Are you okay with this?”
Initially hesitant, Adie reconsidered and gave her consent.
Katie administered the medication and stored the auto-injector.
“Thank you,” Adie said. “I didn’t feel anything.”
After another check of the med display, Katie said, “Your glasses didn’t make it either. I got you an eye patch, but how’s the vision in your good eye? For example, can you see the color of my eyes?”
Adie shook her head. “All I see are blurry shapes. I can see you have long hair, and I can see when you’re smiling.”
Katie set the control panel for an optical exam. A small clear cylinder extended down from the overhead panel. “Then is it okay if I take a look at your eye?”
Adie noticed the movement in the overhead panel and gave a quick nod.
“Okay, why don’t you open your eyes really wide and look at that sensor up there?” The tube emitted a soft green light and retracted back into the panel. A graphic image of Adie’s eye appeared on the med-display. “Well, I see the problem. It looks like your cornea is a little distorted. I can reshape it if you’d like.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Oh, I’m sorry. The cornea is like a clear lens on the outer part of your eye. Sometimes, as people age, it gets a little out of shape, and makes it difficult to see clearly. Now, I have an instrument that will fix that for you and allow your eye to focus the way it should. What do you think?”
“What will happen?” Adie asked, somewhat concerned. “Does it hurt?”
“Well, a small clear cylinder will come down from that panel up there and stop a few inches from your face. Of course, you’ll need to open your eye again. Next you will see several little specks of light for a fraction of a second, and that’s it. I’ll ask you to close your eye, and we’ll do some tissue stimulation like we did on your head. Then, after a minute or so, you can open your eye and see the difference. You have nothing to fear. It never misses.” Katie paused for a moment, and added, “So I guess this is where I find out how much you trust me.”
Adie smiled. “I trust you. It just sounds too good to be true.”
“Well, you won’t be disappointed...that I guarantee.”
Two minutes later the procedure was over, and tissue stimulation began. “Okay,” Katie said, “a little stimulation, and we’ll see what you can see. And while we’re waiting, if it’s all right, I need to take your measurements for some clothes, assuming you don’t want to walk around in that towel.”
“Oh, yes—thank you.”
“Then put your hands to your sides.” Katie took the reading and called Jack on the com-link. “Jack, what type of outfit for Adie?”
“Stand-by, I’ll ask Doc Maran.” After a moment, Jack said, “VIP should do the trick.”
“Of course, thanks.” Katie sent the data to the cyclic. “Okay, Jack, it should be ready. Would you ask the Doc to pass it to me?” Katie dismissed the barrier just long enough to receive the uniform. “Adie, I think we’re ready. Open your eye and tell me what you think.”
Adie blinked once and turned to see Katie with astonishing clarity. “Oh, my gosh! You’re beautiful.”
Katie flushed. “Stop it now,” she said, embarrassed.
“No, you’re beautiful. Your skin...it’s flawless, and your eyes...your eyes are like—green crystal.” She looked around at the instrumentation. “Everything is so clear. Thank you,” she said, taking Katie's hand and squeezing. “Thank you.”
“My pleasure,” Katie said. “Listen, you’re fine now. Why don’t you hop down?”
Adie sat up, turned, and slipped off the gurney.
“Would you like for me to step out while you dress?” Katie asked.
“I would prefer that you stay, if you don’t mind. I’m afraid I might put something on wrong. Anyway, we’re just girls here.” Adie untucked the towel and laid it on the gurney.
“My goodness, Adie, how blessed you are.”
The comment drew a smile. “Not enough to attract a husband, I’m afraid.”
“Well, there’s just no accounting for taste.”
“I think it has more to do with religion and a bad eye than taste. Anyway, are these the underclothes?”
Minutes later, Adie was dressed in the metallic gold uniform of a VIP.
“This is really something,” Adie said. “The underthings fit like a glove...soooo comfortable.”
With an affirming nod, Katie said, “Listen, before I remove the barrier, we need to discuss a few things I found during the examination. Is that all right?”
“Of course, but I think I know what you’re going to say.”
Katie glanced up at the display. “Well, aside from the diabetes and the obvious loss of vision in the one eye, I noticed an incision on your right breast. So, I assume you’re aware of the cancer.”
Adie gave a melancholy nod.
“You also have decay in several of your teeth and a couple of other things. But concerning the cancer, it’s spread to three lymph nodes under your right arm and you—” The com-link on Katie's wrist lit up and emitted a tone. “Yes, Jack?”
“Brooke needs your help for a minute. Can you come out?”

CHAPTER 33
Katie apologized to Adie for the interruption, dismissed the barrier, and moved across the cabin to assist Brooke.
Walt stepped back to keep Adie company. “Feeling better?” he asked.
Adie was stunned by the overwhelming array of alien technology, now in perfect focus. “Yes, I’m sorry, what did you say?”
“Are you okay?”
“Oh—yes, I’m very okay. Katie fixed my eye,” Adie said, still taking everything in. “It’s so amazing, all these things—all the little lights…. Katie told me where you’re from. I have so many questions, I don’t know what to ask first.”
“And we’ll be happy to answer everything we can, but for the moment, we’re trying to solve a little problem.” Walt turned to Brooke. “How’s he doing?”
Brooke, now transfusing the second unit of blood, stepped over to check the med console before responding. “He is definitely improving.”
With Brooke out of the way, Adie now enjoyed a clear view of Ari, prone and unconscious on the gurney—covered from the waist down. His strikingly handsome face and lean yet powerful musculature drew her attention like a magnet.
“Doc,” Jack said, “the ops controller needs to bend your ear for a moment.”
Walt excused himself and walked over to Jack’s console.
Brooke shifted her attention to Adie. “And how are you doing, honey?”
“I’m fine, thank you,” Adie answered, still fixed on Ari. “What happened to him?”
Brooke grinned, reached down to the seat beside her, and held up Ari’s helmet. “Well, honey, you happened to him.”
Adie realized she’d been staring and quickly diverted to Brooke. The sight of the helmet snapped her back to reality, and she covered her mouth in shock. “Oh, my gosh! That was him! I thought he was going to kill me!”
“Yeah, sometimes he has that effect on people,” Brooke kidded, “but believe me, honey, that was the farthest thing from his mind.”
“He was big and scary. I thought he was part of the attack,” Adie said, a little defensive. “But he just walked up to me. He didn’t even defend himself. Who would do that? Was he crazy?”
“No, honey, I’m afraid it’s worse than that,” Brooke said. “He thinks you’re his girlfriend.”
Adie turned her head in disbelief, and murmured, “I should be so lucky.”
“What’s that, sweetie?” Brooke asked, smiling.
Adie looked at Brooke and reluctantly repeated, “I said, I should be so lucky.”
Brooke, taken by Adie’s honesty, said, “What is it they say on Earth? ‘Beauty is in the eye of the beholder’? Anyway, don’t worry, it wasn’t you who hurt him.”
Walt finished speaking with the controller. Then, after a short dialogue with Jack, he joined Brooke at Ari’s gurney. “What do you think? Any chance of getting him up and walking by the time we get back?”
Brooke glanced down at Ari, then back at Walt. “We need to remove those bullets first. Once that’s done, I can clean the wounds and start tissue stimulation. Ops cleared our request for Earth gravity from the launch bay to the quarters; that’s providing things go the way we hope,” she said, glancing briefly at Adie. “He’s strong. With the lower gravity—yeah, he could do it. But there’s not much chance of that as long as those bullets stay where they are.”
“But can’t you remove them?” Walt asked. “If you can’t, there’s going to be some explaining to do.”
“I might be able to remove one,” Brooke said, “but the other one is pretty deep and very close to an artery. We really need a surgeon and an operating room. I’m not a surgeon, and honestly, we really shouldn’t risk it. If we nick that artery, we could lose him.”
“But they call you Doc,” Adie said, looking at Walt. “Aren’t you a doctor?”
“Yes, but not that kind; I’m a psychologist.”
“So where was he hit?” Adie asked.
“His shoulder blade and upper thigh,” Brooke replied.
Merrick, having taken everything in, could hold his peace no longer. “Adie, you haven’t had any experience with this kind of thing, have you?”
Everyone looked at Merrick, dumbfounded by the question.
After a brief pause, Adie replied. “Yes, I can do it. I did it maybe seven or eight times during the war.”
All eyes snapped back to Adie.
“You’re kidding,” Katie said, astonished.
“The truth,” Adie said. “Remember, we promised to tell the truth.”
“Amazing,” Brooke said.
Adie moved across the cabin. “Can I see the wounds?”
“We have a few things to do first,” Brooke said. “Katie, why don’t you help our new Doc wash up while I prepare a few things. Oh...and we need some scrubs.”
Katie ordered the scrubs, retrieved them from the cyclic, and motioned for Adie to join her at the relief station. Then addressing the interface, she said, “Conrad, let’s have the lavatory barrier, please.” A barrier formed around them, and the cosmetic barrier dismissed, exposing the relief station fixtures.
“That is so impressive,” Adie said, referring to the barriers.
After giving a few instructions on the use of the unfamiliar equipment, Katie slipped back out into the cabin. She handed Brooke a set of scrubs, smiled and said, “She needs a minute.”
Brooke had moved Ari’s gurney out from the wall, along with its overhead panel. A small table, now extending from the head of the gurney, held the medical instruments and dressing material.
After a moment, the lavatory barrier dismissed, revealing Adie in scrubs.
“Conrad’s a very helpful guy, huh?” Katie said.
“Yes, he is,” Adie replied.
The two nurses took their turns at the washbasin, then all three gathered at Ari’s gurney. Katie stood at the instrument table, and Brooke and Adie positioned themselves next to Ari, facing the med display.
“Fortunately, Dr. Stratford brought nearly everything we might need,” Brooke said to Adie, “as you can see on the table over there.”
Confused, Adie stepped back and looked at Brooke. “Dr. Stratford? I thought you said we didn’t have a doctor.”
Walt fielded the question. “Well then, Miss Behr, let me introduce you to Dr. Ariel Stratford, our senior medical officer and the finest surgeon you will ever know.” He extended his hand toward Ari.
Adie took another step back and looked at Ari. “What on Earth? How can that be? He’s my age.” She looked at Katie for confirmation.
“He’s thirty-eight,” Katie said.
“But he looks so young!” Adie said, straining to make sense of it. “Well, that’s another question for later, I guess.” She stepped back to the gurney. “We should probably get going.”
Brooke pointed to the upper body scan on the left half of the display and zoomed in to show Ari’s shoulder blade. “There’s the bullet. It’s fairly shallow, maybe a half inch deep.”
“All right,” Adie said, taking an extended look. “Do we have some forceps or something?”
“Three sizes,” Brooke said. Katie pointed them out on the table.
“Oh, okay. Then can I look at his shoulder?”
Brooke carefully removed the pressure bandage, and the wound started to seep.
After a brief survey of the medical instruments, Adie said, “Pass those short ones, please.” Receiving the forceps from Katie, she closed them and carefully inserted the tip into the bullet hole. “I feel it. It’s not deep.” She backed the forceps out slightly, opened them slowly, clamped down, and extracted the bullet.
“Very nice,” Brooke said, impressed with Adie’s no nonsense approach.
“I need to clean that and put on another dressing,” Adie said, passing the forceps and bullet to Katie.
“Don’t worry about that, honey,” Brooke said. “I’ll get to that in a moment. For now, why don’t you stand clear so I can rotate the gurney and get you closer to that other wound.” After aligning the gurney in the opposite direction and turning Ari’s head to face inboard, she began to clean his shoulder wound.
Adie tried to make sense of the med display. “How is...I don’t...the picture of his leg wound seems backwards or something,” she said. “Can it face the same way as him?”
“Oh, good grief! Sorry, honey.” Brooke reached up and touched an icon on the display, reversing the image.
“Oh, I see,” Adie said. “Okay, can we see it from the side?”
Brooke finished dressing the shoulder wound and initiated tissue stimulation. “All right, I’ll get that for you,” she said, replacing the image of Ari’s shoulder with a side view of his leg wound.
“There we go,” Adie said. “What amazing pictures—boy, that is deep.”
Brooke pointed to the artery. “It looks like the bullet just missed it and stopped about an inch beyond.”
Adie paused for a second. “I see what you mean...A little tricky, I think.” Turning to Katie, she said, “Can I look at those long ones there?”
Katie passed her the extended forceps.
“Oh, my, these are very nice. I like the way the jaws are so thin, and the outer edges round over a little at the end. If these won’t work, nothing will.”
Brooke touched Adie on the arm. “Honey, if you don’t think you can do this, or you don’t feel comfortable, no one will think the worse if you say ‘no.’”
Adie studied the display. “I think if I turn the forceps this way when I go in, it should work.”
Brooke nodded. “Seems like the best bet.”
Everyone’s nerves were on edge. Even Merrick and Jack had stopped working their consoles to monitor the situation.
Brooke folded down the sheet, exposing Ari’s upper leg and buttocks.
“He has kind of a nice bottom, doesn’t he?” Adie said, in a matter-of-fact way.
No one missed the comment, but everyone held their tongue—except Brooke, who smiled and said, “Well now, that’s not very professional.”
Adie thought for a moment and calmly replied, “Well, I’m not a doctor.”
The cabin erupted in laughter.
“What a classy answer,” Jack said. “You’re okay, Adie Behr.”
“Good one, Adie,” Katie added.
Adie, a little red in the face, slowly regained her composure. “I’m sorry. Sometimes I say stupid things when I’m nervous. I guess I thought it might help.”
“And it did, honey,” Brooke said. “Good thinking...you ready now?”
“Yes, I’m ready.”
Brooke removed the bandage, and Adie moved in. She positioned the closed jaws of the forceps directly over the bullet hole and used her left hand to guide them in. Watching the forceps’ descent on the display, she slowed her progress as she passed the artery. A moment later she made contact with the bullet.
“I’m going to back out a little and open the jaws to grab it,” she said. “It doesn’t look like it has any sharp edges like the other one. I think that one may have bounced off something before it hit him. Just to be safe, though, when I bring it out, I’m going to press the bullet against the side away from the artery.”
Brooke nodded. “You’re doing fine, honey. Go ahead now, bring it out.”
Concentrating on the display, Adie opened the jaws and latched onto the bullet. “I have it,” she said calmly. When she had cleared the artery, she accelerated the withdrawal until the bullet emerged from the hole. Everyone breathed a sigh of relief, and Adie once again looked up at the display. “Can we make that sideways picture bigger?”
Brooke altered the display to show a full screen side view and then zoomed in. “What are we looking for, sweetie?”
“Sometimes the bullet cuts off a little piece of clothing and drags it into the wound…. It looks clean, though.”
“I don’t see anything either,” Brooke said.
“Okay,” Adie said. “That’s it…. I think I need to sit down.”
“Sure...we’ll take it from here,” Brooke said as Adie humbly bowed to the crew’s applause. “And honey…a magnificent job.”

CHAPTER 34
Somewhat fatigued, Adie followed Walt forward and sat down at the med console. Walt swiveled the command seat to face her. “Well, young lady, it seems we’re all in your debt, especially that man on the gurney over there.”
Adie took a moment to recover and said, “I think God teaches us skills as we grow up. It would be sinful not to use them, especially when someone needs help.”
“An admirable philosophy,” Walt said, trying to sense her state of mind. “Listen, we have some time now. Why don’t we address some of your questions?”
Brooke finished dressing Ari’s leg wound and initiated full-body stimulation, bathing him in blue light. She then turned to Walt. “Okay, he’s stable and on his own. The transfusions are helping, but clearly won’t be enough. He lost a fair amount of blood during the extractions. The bleeding has stopped, which is good. So we just need to watch him for a while and hope the stimulation produces enough new blood cells to bring him around.”
“Thanks, Brooke,” Walt said, turning back to Adie. “I’m sorry Adie, you go ahead now.”
“Well, first I want to thank everyone for saving me and for being so kind. You healed the bump on my head and you fixed my eye…. Katie said I can trust everyone, and I do. And I want you to know that you can trust me.”
“Well, that’s a good place to start,” Walt said, feeling encouraged.
“All of this,” Adie said, referring to the instrumentation, “it’s so hard for me to believe, yet I can see it, I’ve touched it, and I’ve experienced it. Even so, I feel like my mind and my senses are fighting each other.”
“Believe me, I understand. It’s a lot to take in. And who could fault you for having doubts? I would be more concerned if you just accepted everything without question. But maybe you can think of something—a way we can help you understand—put your mind at ease.”
After some thought, Adie asked, “Do you have a family?”
Moved by the brilliance of her simple question, Walt smiled and said, “I’m not married, if that’s what you mean, but I do have a family back on Marcova. Would you like to see an image of them?”
“Oh, yes. Can I?”
Walt detached the tablet from his hip and brought up a family portrait. “This was recorded in my parents’ home a few days before we left Marcova. That’s me and my older sister Mara, and these are my parents.”
The image showed Walt’s family in front of a large, curved picture window with other homes clearly visible in the background.
Adie looked on with great interest. “What a beautiful family…. And those houses behind you—they look like they’re floating way up off the ground.” She cocked her head. “Or, am I looking at that wrong?”
“No, that’s correct.”
“How on earth...?”
“Listen, I have an idea, if you will bear with me.” Walt brought up an image of the earth on his tablet. “This is what you would call a movie of the trip from Earth to Marcova. Now, because it takes over a year to travel there, I’ll speed it up a little for you.” As the sequence began, Earth quickly receded, became a speck of light, and disappeared. Then the scene shifted to face in the opposite direction, showing a wide view of the heavens, centering on the constellation Cetus. Walt pointed to the center of the image as the distance closed. “That’s our home star, Tau Ceti, very much like your sun, except a little smaller.” A minute later, Tau Ceti slid past and the imagery slowed as Marcova came into view. “And that’s Marcova, our home.”
Adie watched in silence, awestruck by the revelation.
What followed was an accelerated sequence of a descent and landing at the central spaceport. The approach showed massive structures with large numbers of transports arriving and departing. In the distance was a landscape rich in foliage beneath a deep blue sky. The sequence ended, and Walt stowed his tablet.
Adie was astounded. “There are just no words—,” she said. “I had no idea. And your world, it looks so much like Earth.”
“Yes...and that is why we were so excited when our first ship arrived here.”
“But why are you here?” Adie asked, slightly concerned.
“Well, we’re explorers,” Walt replied, “not unlike those on Earth who climb mountains or visit your North Pole. We’re not the evil invaders from outer space that you see in movies and comic books. Violence is detestable to us. We destroyed our weapons long ago. Of course, if threatened, we are able to defend ourselves, but planning an offensive act to cause permanent harm to someone...that’s not possible.”
“Then, how long have you been here?”
“A very good question…. We’ve been visiting Earth since 830 AD. Each ship stays for 50 years before returning to Marcova. Ours is the 23rd to visit. We arrived in 1933, and are due to leave in 1982.”
Adie fell silent, staring at the floor, again struggling with reality. After some reflection, she came to terms and looked up at Walt. “Well, I am very glad to know you—all of you.”
“And we, you,” Walt said, rather relieved.
“So how is it that some of you are Christians?” Adie continued.
“Well, actually it was our first ship that discovered the scriptures. They used the ship’s sensors to copy the scrolls and then brought them back to Marcova. And now, over a thousand years later, the majority of our population is Christian.”
“But Earth is so far away from your world. Truly, I’m overjoyed to hear that you have so many Christians,” said Adie, scratching her head, “but it just seems so strange.”
Walt smiled. “I understand what you’re saying, but how is it any different from, say, a lost tribe in South America discovering Christianity. Discovery is discovery, and Christianity is for all mankind, whether a lost tribe in a foreign jungle or a people from another world. As I see it, either way, God is glorified. Anyway, isn’t he the God of the universe?”
Adie pondered for a moment. “I suppose so. I guess I just never considered....”
After a brief pause, Walt said, “Adie, aren’t you going to ask about what happened this evening?”
Adie diverted her gaze to the console. “I’ve been afraid—of what you might say.”
“But I think you should know. Is it all right if I tell you?”
Adie slowly nodded. “There was a lot of shooting.”
“Yes, Syria and some of your neighboring countries attacked Israel.”
“Were any others rescued?”
Walt frowned. “I’m sorry, sweetheart, we came only for you.”
“What about my friends, the ones who were in town? Do you know if they’re okay?”
Jack overheard. “They’re fine,” he said. “They saw the attack and turned back.”
Fighting sadness and confusion, Adie said, “Why me? Why was I the only one?”
“Because of him, honey,” Brooke said, gesturing toward Ari, “because of him.”
Adie leaned forward, slowly rubbing her temples. “It just doesn’t make sense.”
Katie approached Adie’s seat and came down on one knee. “Adie, look at me. You must believe us.”
“But he’s a doctor. I’m uneducated. I’ve done things that no one should have to do...seen things that no one should have to see. I’m not the person I once was. I have injuries. I’m a disfigured diabetic with cancer, and my time is running out.” Adie looked toward Ari. “How could someone like that be the slightest bit interested in someone like me?”
“Okay, okay,” Merrick said, frustrated. “My turn.”
All eyes diverted to Merrick.
He checked a few readouts on the pilot’s console, unmasked the transceiver, and rose from his seat. Then, addressing the interface, he said, “Conrad, let’s see the rescue imagery from the time Dr. Stratford exited until the last time the ramp came shut. Put it on the main display.”
A narrow strip of light appeared across the ceiling at the rear of the cabin, forming an opaque display below. Walt encouraged Adie to move aft for a better view. She stopped beside Ari’s gurney.
Playback of the rescue sequence began.
Adie was awe-struck, fascinated by the vivid imagery and engaging dialog. As the drama unfolded, it seemed so real that she found herself muttering, trying in vain to stop the muzzle flashes coming from her pistol. Then there was Ari’s kind greeting, and she saw herself pass out. From that point on, it was all new information. She watched in amazement as Ari tried to soften her fall, then turn and sprawl in front of her. Everything was happening so fast: the desperate prodding from the crew, the Syrian’s bullets tearing into Ari’s armor, and then the bright flash. But it wasn’t until she saw how tenderly he lifted her off the floor and protected her at great risk to himself that the tears began to flow. She reached down and took his hand as the scene played out, ending with Merrick’s heroic undertaking.
“I’m not worth all this,” Adie sobbed. “Why on earth would you risk your lives to save a nobody? Why?”
“Now there is where you’re wrong, Adie Behr,” Merrick said with conviction. “Every human life has value. And yours, well, yours has great value, especially to him!” He motioned toward Ari. “Anyway, you might give him a little credit for knowing what he wants. He’s about the most intelligent, levelheaded, caring Christian man I know, and not a person here or on our ship would disagree. Believe me, that man moved Heaven and Earth to get you out of there. He formed the plan. He convinced our senior council. He selected this crew. He took full responsibility for the outcome, and he risked his life to ensure your safety.”
“But why would he do that? He doesn’t even know me.”
“But he does,” Merrick argued. “As a matter of fact, he knows you better than anyone on Earth. Would you like to know how?”
“Please,” Adie said, bewildered. “I want to understand.”
“Well, that visual sequence you just saw didn’t originate here. We have nearly 200 very sensitive instruments outside Earth’s atmosphere that gather this imagery. As you just saw, these instruments can see and hear through just about anything.
“Also, it may surprise you to know that we have over 400 crewmembers on our ship. Every one has regular duties. I’m a pilot. Dr. Maran, over there, is a psychologist. We have biologists, zoologists—even gardeners. Now in addition to our regular duties, each one of us is assigned to study an Earth culture. I picked the Irish culture. Jack, how about you?”
“Polynesia,” Jack said.
“And Doc Stratford here, he picked the Hebrew culture. Now, some time ago, we found that one of the most effective ways to study a culture is by observing the life of a single individual—what we call a ‘case study.’ We start at the age of three. Then, over a 50-year period, by observing his or her mannerisms and social interaction, we are able to assemble a pretty clear view of the culture.
“So then, I was his case study?”
Merrick changed his tone. “Actually, no, he was assigned to your brother, Joseph.” He paused. “I’m sorry for your loss.”
The empathy in Merrick’s voice brought Adie unexpected consolation, and her expression softened.
“When your brother passed,” Merrick continued, “Doc Stratford felt very comfortable with your family and asked if he could be transferred to you. Now normally our operations people won’t assign a male crewmember to a female case study. But with the Doc, they made an exception. I think he presented a convincing case, plus I’m sure the fact that he’s a medical doctor carried some weight.”
Realizing the implications, Adie became noticeably distressed. “You mean he’s seen everything? Everything?”
Merrick smiled. “If you are asking whether he’s seen you without your clothes on, no—not possible. Our equipment senses such things and stops transmission immediately. As a matter of fact, the most he’s seen was when he met you in the washroom a little while ago.”
Adie blushed. “Well, that’s a relief.”
“But, he has seen everything else,” Merrick said. “He saw the bedtime stories with your mother, the ice skating with your relatives, the birthdays, your time in the ghetto; all of it. He’s rejoiced with you in the good times, and he’s been crushed by your tragedies. He feels as close to you as he does to his own family. Do you know, since you became a Christian he’s been praying with you? That’s right...when he’s not working, he prays with you in the evenings. He kneels, he listens to your prayer, and then he prays...he prays for you, Adie Behr. Even before you became a Christian, he prayed for you.”
With sadness, Adie responded. “You have no idea how deeply I feel your words. Yet, you and I know that no one cheats death. My life is nearly over. Certainly your friend deserves something better.”
Walt spoke up. “Sweetheart, don’t you think he knows all this? Or maybe you feel you don’t deserve this kind of love. I know you’re concerned about your health, but Adie, no one is without hope, not even you. None of us knows what tomorrow will bring, and believe me, with Dr. Stratford, you couldn’t be in better hands…. Now, you’ve seen him, heard what we’ve said about him...you have witnessed his devotion—his commitment, and even with all of your doubts, I see you’re still holding onto his hand. Surely you must feel something for him.”
Adie looked down at Ari. “How could I not feel something for him?” she confessed. “Of course I do.”
“Then, why not give him a chance?” Walt asked. “Will you come with us to the ship and be our honored guest?”
Adie looked bewildered. “What can I say? I am overwhelmed. It’s like a dream…. I’m among strangers, and yet you seem like family.”
The words stirred Merrick’s memory. “You know, not long ago I met a couple of adorable 5-year-old girls who showed me great kindness. I remember telling them how nice they were to me, a visitor. I’ll never forget...one of them asked me if I knew Jesus. When I said yes, do you know what she said?”
Adie shook her head.
“She said, ‘Then you’re not a visitor—you’re family.’” After a brief silence, Merrick asked, “Do you know Jesus, Adie Behr?”
Adie, eyes welling up, reached out and touched Merrick’s arm.
Merrick gave Katie a wink and headed back to his seat. After a brief check of his instruments, he alerted Walt. “We’re go/no-go in fifteen minutes.”
Walt acknowledged and fixed his eyes on Adie. “Sweetheart, I’m sorry, I must know your intentions. We all want you to come with us, but the choice is yours. Will you come?”
Still doubtful, Adie said, “But what if it doesn’t work out? What if he finds he doesn’t like me, or I don’t like him, or I feel uncomfortable?”
Walt gave a quick nod. “Listen, I’ll tell you what our captain said before you woke up, while Dr. Stratford was still conscious.... He told Dr. Stratford to bring you with him if you would come and that you can stay as long as you like. If you wish to leave at any time, we have instructions to return you to whatever location you wish.”
Adie considered, and asked, “Are there any others like me on your ship?”
“No, I’m afraid not,” Walt said. “Marcovan law prohibits any formal contact between our civilizations. Now, informal contact, as is the case here, has only been attempted once in the last fifteen hundred years. That was also a rescue, but unsuccessful.” After a brief pause, Walt made his final plea. “Dear Adie, we offer you hope. Will you accept? Will you trust us? Won’t you come?”
Adie stood motionless, her thoughts in turmoil.
The crew held their breath. Time seemed suspended. All of their attempts at persuasion seemed unconvincing—ineffective.
Then, the deep wrinkles on Adie’s forehead began to dissolve, and her face took on a peaceful countenance. She responded without reservation. “I am deeply honored to accept your very kind invitation.”
Jack, who had been standing by for her decision, notified the controller. “We’re on our way...and we have company.”
Meanwhile, Adie’s unexpected consent took Katie aback. “Oh, my gosh, Adie,” she burst out, “how wonderful.” She moved forward and enveloped her in a warm embrace.
“Katie, let the poor girl breathe,” Brooke laughed. “It’s my turn.” She leaned in and gave Adie a hug. “Honey, you are going to be so happy you made this decision; so happy. Life as you know it is about to be turned on its ear. Just hold on, and enjoy the ride.”
The rest of the crew expressed their delight. Then Merrick turned back to his console and laid in an intercept course for the ship.
After some thought, Walt raised a point of concern. “Say, Merrick, you aren’t planning to move up the arrival time, are you?”
Merrick shook his head. “The earlier we arrive, the more g-force we have to contend with. I thought, for Adie’s sake, we would try to keep that to a minimum. No, I plan to use the full two hours for transit time. That leaves you 30 minutes to get her ready.”
“Excellent,” Walt said. “Use it all, right up to the deadline. If Ari’s going to be ambulatory before we get back, he’ll need every second.”
Adie, curious about the discussion, asked Katie, “So how far is it to your ship? Is it out in the Mediterranean?”
Everyone who heard the question turned to look at Adie. “Oh, my goodness!” Katie said, dismayed. “Walt, maybe you should—.” She tilted her head toward Adie.
Walt moved closer to Adie, and asked, “Where do you think we are right now, sweetheart?”
Confused at the response, Adie replied, “You said this is a craft of some kind, and you have a ship. I thought we were in the Mediterranean. Why, where are we?”
“Oh, boy,” Walt said, slightly bewildered. “I’ll tell you what. Why don’t you step up there and ask Merrick? He may be able to shed some light on this for you.”
Merrick, who had held the landing craft in a position just off the coast of Israel, turned inland in anticipation of Adie’s question. When she stepped up beside him, he asked, “What’s your pleasure, m’lady?”
“They said you might be able to tell me where we are.”
Merrick swiveled his seat toward Jack. “I’m going to unmask the windscreen for a second.”
Jack acknowledged, and Merrick touched an icon on the right edge of his console, instantly clearing the windscreen and providing Adie with a crystal clear panoramic view of Tel Aviv from three thousand feet.
It took Adie a moment to comprehend what she was seeing. “What on earth?” she gasped, clutching Merrick’s seat. “I’m sorry, I didn’t realize…. How beautiful...it’s like a blanket of lights. How high are we?”
“Only a few thousand feet,” Merrick said. “Quite something, isn’t it?”
“Oh, yes,” Adie replied. “Where is your ship then; how far?”
“It’s up there,” Merrick said, pointing well above the horizon, “about 17,000 miles out. You may not realize it, but you’re about to become the first of your civilization in space.”
He allowed Adie another minute before re-masking. She thanked him and returned to Walt.
“Adie, I must ask you one final time...now that you have a full understanding of who we are and where we’re taking you. Are you still willing to come?”
“I am,” she reaffirmed with a confident smile and walked back to check on Ari.

CHAPTER 35
“He’s doing fine, honey,” Brooke said, turning her attention to Walt. “I’ve been monitoring his progress, and the stimulation just isn’t going to produce enough blood in the time remaining. I’m afraid we’re all in trouble, and we’ll just have to live with it.”
“Why is everyone in trouble?” Adie asked Brooke.
“Well, because Dr. Stratford didn’t tell our leadership that he was seriously injured.”
“Why not?”
“Because if he did, they would have demanded that we return you to the surface and get him back to the ship.”
“But couldn’t you have just done that when he passed out?”
“And that, honey, is why we’re in trouble,” Brooke concluded. “When we signed on for this mission, we signed on to serve at his pleasure, and we’re happy to do so. Besides, we wouldn’t have had the delight of knowing you.”
Adie frowned. “I’m just sorry that I’m the source of all this trouble.”
“You’re not the source of our trouble,” Brooke corrected. “We’re the source of our trouble...and given the chance, we would gladly do it again.”
Curious, Jack asked Brooke, “What’s the Doc’s blood type, anyway? Maybe one of us—”
“Forget it—not possible,” Brooke interrupted. “One in five thousand has his type.”
“Good grief, what type is it?” Jack asked.
“O-positive,” Brooke replied.
A hopeful Walt blurted out, “O-positive!...Anyone?” He looked around the cabin. “No one?”
Katie noticed a smile form on Adie’s face. “What are you smiling about?” she asked playfully.
“I think I have O-positive,” Adie responded. “Most people on Earth have that type.”
Walt glanced at Katie. “Can that be true?”
Brooke walked to Adie’s med display and pulled up the last scan. There in the upper right corner were two small symbols. “Oh, my, she is O-positive. Well, what do you know?”
Katie was elated. “My gosh, Adie, aren’t you full of surprises!”
“And you’re willing to do this?” Brooke asked “You might pass out for a while.”
“Oh yes, with all my heart. I’m willing.”
“And that, folks, is how God works,” Jack said, “clear as I’ve ever seen it.”
Brooke grappled with Adie’s unexpected revelation, trying to line up her priorities and prepare the landing craft for departure.
“What do you need, Brooke?” Walt asked. “Just tell us.”
Brooke looked around the cabin. “Well, the first thing we need to do is clean up this mess. It looks like a battlefield in here. Katie, why don’t you shut down the full-body stimulation on the Doc, but let’s keep stimulating those wounds. I’ll get something to clean with.” She made an entry into her tablet and stepped over to the cyclic to retrieve a stack of dampened synthetic wipes.
Following the cleanup, Brooke and Katie repositioned the gurneys for the transfusion. With five possible stations across the rear of the cabin, Ari’s gurney was currently located in the correct position, Station Four. The other gurney was in Station One against the port wall.
“Doc Stratford can stay where he is,” Brooke said to Katie. “Let’s put Adie at Two—and push the Doc’s med display back against the wall. That will give us a little room to maneuver.”
After making the adjustments, Brooke thanked Katie and said, “I’ll set up the transfusion kit while you prep our guest.” She shifted her attention to Adie. “Honey, we probably ought to get you into a nightgown. I expect you’ll be in bed the next time you wake up. Katie can help you with that.”
“That’s fine,” Adie said.
Katie unclipped the tablet from her hip. “So what’s your favorite animal?”
Confused and hesitant, Adie answered. “I like bears. Why?”
“Black or brown?”
“Black, why do you ask?”
Katie browsed the images on her tablet. “You’ll see.” She sent her selection to the cyclic, walked over and retrieved the nightgown...white, with small bear silhouettes in various poses.
Adie’s face brightened. “They’re beautiful,” she said, “how thoughtful.”
Katie set up a barrier around the port side gurney from the center of the cabin to the wall and grabbed Adie’s hand. “We’re going to try something a little different this time. I know that barrier looks solid, but actually you can walk right through. You just need to be aware of what’s on the other side.” She stepped through, pulling Adie with her.
“Wha—How strange,” Adie said, looking down to see if any of the black barrier had rubbed off on her scrubs.
“Just imagine you’re walking through a waterfall,” Katie said, “except you don’t get wet…. Anyway, I’m going to step out and let you change. When you’re done, tell Conrad to dismiss the barrier.”
Adie changed, and Katie helped her back onto the gurney. “Here...why don’t you put your head at the other end this time, like the Doc over there,” Katie suggested. She covered Adie with a sheet from the waist down and secured it to the gurney. “We’ll be heading for the ship in a few minutes, but before we go, have you ever heard of gravity?”
Adie thought for a moment. “Yes, it’s what holds us on the earth.”
“That’s right. It’s what gives you your weight. Now, if we’re going to reach the ship on time, we’ll need to build up a lot of speed. That’s going to increase the gravity a little and at least in the beginning, seem as if you’re being pulled from below and behind. If we leave you lying flat like this, it could become a little uncomfortable. So to balance things out, as we begin to accelerate, your gurney will start to tilt forward. It may feel a little strange at first, but you’ll get used to it,” Katie grinned. “Are you okay with that?”
“I don’t know. I guess I’ll have to see.”
“That’s the spirit,” Katie said.
Brooke joined Katie and began to connect the narrow transfusion tubing to the med-panels above the gurneys. Glancing down at Adie, she said, “Sorry, honey, we’ve made a lot of medical advances, but occasionally we still have to use needles.”
Adie offered a cheerful smile. “It’s okay. It doesn’t bother me.”
Brooke finished the connections while Katie inserted the needles. Then, with everything in order, Brooke began the transfusion, causing blood to ascend the tube and enter Adie’s overhead panel, cross over to Ari’s panel, and descend.
“Okay, everything looks good,” Brooke said, patting Adie’s thigh. “I promise we won’t take one drop more than he needs. You just relax...we’re all going to strap in now and head for home. You okay?”
“Oh yes, and thank you for being so nice.”
“Honey, believe me, it is my pleasure.”
Brooke retrieved the seat she had stowed earlier and attached it to a newly extended pedestal just forward of Ari’s gurney. “Katie, why don’t you take Doc Maran’s seat there in front of Adie?”
Walt took the hint and moved forward to the command position.
With everyone strapped in, Merrick scanned the cabin. “All set?”
Receiving a thumbs-up from the crew, he looked back at Adie. “And you, m’lady?”
Adie smiled and gave a nervous nod.
“Very well, I’ll light the engines, and we’ll be on our way.” Merrick entered the remaining mission data into his console. Then, applying a combination of negative gravity and forward thrust, he initiated an effortless ascent into the night sky, heading east out over the Mediterranean to a destination some 17,000 miles distant.
Brooke looked back over her shoulder to see the two gurneys slowly tilt forward on their pedestals. Adie’s furrowed brow caught her attention. “It’s all right, honey,” she sympathized. “We’re all here with you.”
Within twenty minutes they were clear of the atmosphere, and Merrick took up a direct course for the ship.
Curious, Katie leaned over to Brooke. “How many units do you think he needs?”
“Between three and four—probably closer to three.”

CHAPTER 36
Shortly after receiving the second unit of blood, Ari started to stir; almost imperceptibly at first—a slight twitching in the right index finger—then movement under the eyelids. His journey back was protracted. For some time he lingered on the edge of cognizance. Then, with head pounding and wounds stinging, his brow wrinkled and he regained consciousness. Pieces of memory began to return. He took a slow, deep breath. As the air entered his nostrils, it brought a strangely familiar scent. He wondered if his friends had been successful, or was the scent just a lingering reminder of a temporary presence. He gathered his courage and opened his eyes. There, lying within arm’s reach, was the object of his devotion. He watched her for a moment, admiring her profile, her adorable nightgown, and the way she seemed to take an interest in everything around her. Then, in a wonderfully mellow, yet mysteriously hushed tone, he said, “I know you—Adie-bear.”
The displays and annunciator lights had so distracted Adie that Ari’s voice took her completely by surprise. She turned to face him and drew a breath. “Gosh, I love the way you said that,” she whispered. “Are you saying my last name?”
“No,” he said softly, still a little foggy. “Long ago, Adie...do you remember?”
“What should I remember...? Tell me.”
As he began to recite, his words were warm and resonant. “The girl had run away, but the bear called to her: ‘Snow-white, do not be afraid; wait, I will come to you.’ Then she recognized his voice and waited, and when he came to her, suddenly his bearskin fell off, and he stood there, a man.”
“A handsome man,” Adie sweetly corrected, ignoring his paraphrasing. For the first time and in breath-taking detail, she looked into his eyes—light blue and brilliant.
Noticing the emotion in her expression, Ari asked, “Are you okay?”
“Your eyes,” said Adie, “they’re the most beautiful blue I’ve ever seen....”
Her compliment drew his smile. “Do you know, Adie-bear, how I’ve longed to speak with you, to hear your voice, to be with you.... This moment is beyond words.”
“What a lovely thing to say,” she responded. “Thank you for coming for me. Thank you for everything you did to protect me, for being so kind.”
“I should have moved faster to break your fall. I’m sorry, I didn’t realize you were going to faint.”
“But it’s not your fault,” Adie protested. “They showed me a movie of what happened. You did everything you possibly could to keep me safe. You very nearly lost your life, and I owe you mine. That was the bravest, kindest thing I’ve ever seen.”
“You’ve had so much tragedy in your life. And to have it all end in violence—it was just too much to bear.” Ari slowly became aware of his surroundings. The sight of the transfusion tubing sobered him, and alarm registered on his face. Assuming Adie had somehow been hit by rifle-fire, he twisted painfully to locate Brooke—finding her at the foot of his gurney. “Brooke,” he said, agitated.
Startled, Brooke turned in her seat. “Welcome back, Doc. How you feeling?”
Ari ignored her cordial remarks and took on a serious tone. “Listen, in case I pass out again, I want you to take every ounce of blood she needs. You’re not to hold back, even if it kills me. Do you understand?” He quickly turned his attention back to Adie. “I’m sorry, sweetheart, I didn’t realize you were hurt.”
His serious tone shook everyone in the cabin, especially Brooke. “She’s fine, Doc,” she said, exercising restraint. “Adie’s not getting the transfusion—you are. You lost a lot of blood, and those two units you brought just weren’t enough. We’ll be home in less than two hours, and you need to be back on your feet. The tissue stimulation wasn’t enough, so this sweet girl volunteered to give you a little boost.”
Lying on his stomach and visibly shaken, Ari strained to look up at the flow indicator. “Adie, I am so sorry. This is the last thing I wanted. Forgive me?”
Adie reached out and clasped his hand. “That’s not necessary,” she said, astonished at his selflessness. “I told them to take whatever they need to get you walking again.”
After apologizing to the crew, Ari turned to Brooke. “How much blood do I need?”
“When we’re done,” Brooke explained, “she’ll probably be unconscious and maybe in a little better shape than you were after we transfused those two units you brought.”
Ari’s expression was full of anguish.
Giving his hand a gentle squeeze, Adie said, “Listen to me. I’ll be fine. You risked your life to save mine, and a moment ago you were willing to do it again. Now let me do a little something for you.”
Ari sensed her determination and backed down. Swallowing his pride, he said, “I just don’t want you to suffer any more—and I want to talk with you. It’s so frustrating that we never seem to be conscious at the same time.”
Adie giggled. “There will be plenty of time for that, silly. Besides, it’s past my bedtime, and I’m going to need some rest. Anyway, I expect tomorrow will be a big day. Why don’t we just enjoy the time we do have and talk awhile before I go to sleep?”
Ari glanced at their joined hands and then back at Adie. An unfamiliar, yet pleasant warmth formed in his chest. “You’re not—” His voice broke and his eyes began to water. “You’re not letting go.”
“No,” she said softly, “I’m not letting go.”
For a time, words ceased to flow between them, replaced by a deeper form of communication.
Barely within earshot and dying to understand the silence, Brooke couldn’t resist looking back. Then she leaned toward Katie. “How romantic is that?” she whispered. “Kind of gives me goose bumps.”
Katie quickly glanced back and nodded in embarrassment.
Ari broke the silence. “What an amazing woman you are, Adie-bear…. Surely you must understand the significance of this moment.”
Adie slowly shook her head.
“Don’t you see? From this day forward, our two civilizations are joined by blood.”
“Oh, my,” she said, pondering. “You have such a wonderful way with words.”
Ari gave Adie’s hand a gentle squeeze. “I know you have questions. Tell me what you're thinking.”
Adie fought to maintain focus as the blood loss started to blur her thinking. “They tell me you know everything about me...so you must know I’m dying. Why would you risk so much to rescue someone...like me? Where is the value?” Her mind began to fade. “Wouldn’t it have been...more merciful to let...those...Soldiers—”
“Are you saying you’re without hope, then? Because, even if you were, I would still have come for you. But Adie-bear, you are not without hope, so you can put any thoughts of dying right out of your mind. That’s simply not happening, not as long as I—” Adie’s hand went limp. “—Ah, nuts!” he complained, looking at Brooke. “Do you think she heard any of that?”
Brooke smiled. “It’s okay, Doc, I think you made quite the impression. Anyway, you’ll have plenty of time to set things straight.”

CHAPTER 37
“How much more blood do I need?” Ari asked.
Brooke glanced up at the overhead panel. “A half unit should do.”
Ari was still holding onto Adie’s hand when Brooke stepped back to disconnect the transfusion kit. She gave the back of his wrist a pat. “Here, why don’t we give this back to her for a while, Doc?” she said, taking Adie’s hand.
Ari was reluctant.
“I’m sure she’ll give it back when she wakes up.”
“The vital signs look good, Doc,” Katie added, “for both of you.”
Ari gave a nod. “So which of you do I get to reprimand for extracting the bullets?”
Brooke offered an amused smile. “I’m afraid we’re innocent, Doc. Aside from you, there’s only one person here with anything like battlefield experience.”
It didn’t take long for Ari to catch her meaning. “Good heavens, tell me it wasn’t Adie.”
“I’ve never seen steadier hands,” Brooke said. “That girl’s going to be a surgeon someday, you mark my words.”
Ari shook his head, amazed. “Look, I’m proud of you two,” he said. “I really am. You faced tough decisions and made some difficult choices, albeit a few were outside the rule book. But you got the job done.” He paused and looked at Brooke, then Katie. “It’s a privilege to serve with you.”
“Now, Doc, you’re going to have to cut that out,” Brooke said, putting her arm around her colleague. “Katie was hard enough to work with before.” She gave Katie a squeeze and a peck on the cheek. “Did you know she’s got a boyfriend?” She made a subtle gesture in Merrick’s direction.
Katie elbowed Brooke and quietly pleaded, “Shhh, he’ll hear you.”
Ari smiled and changed the subject. “Look, sometime before auto-braking, I need to see if I can get up. Let’s go ahead and turn off the stimulation for now.”
“Okay,” Brooke said, “but I can’t guarantee that leg won’t start bleeding again. Why don’t we get you down from the other side, though? That way, your good leg can take the weight.”
Ari pushed up with his right hand, turned to face the wall, and inched his way to the edge of the gurney while Katie moved around and helped him lower his good leg to the floor. The injured leg followed, causing stabbing pain and a grimace. “Wow, that got my attention,” he complained, feeling a little woozy.
Walt walked back to lend a hand. “Here, lean on me, and we’ll see what you can do.”
Ari put his good arm over Walt’s shoulder and cautiously increased the weight on his leg. The steps came slowly at first. Then, after a few trips across the cabin, Ari made the final one on his own and returned to the gurney.
“We need to check those wounds and change out the dressings before we strap back in,” Brooke said. “Might as well do that now.” She carefully peeled off the bandages, revealing minimal seepage. “Say, that’s healing nicely. A little more stimulation and you should be able to go the distance.”
Ari had Brooke push his gurney back against the wall and asked the crew to gather around. “We need to get a few things sorted out before we return,” he said, looking at Merrick. “I assume we’re still masked.”
Merrick diverted the question to Jack.
“We are,” Jack confirmed, “at least until we’re back onboard.”
“And how did you manage that?” Ari asked.
Jack smiled with a tinge of self-satisfaction. “Cited privacy issues...I told ops that Adie is completely unaware of our monitoring practices, and out of respect for her privacy, we just didn’t think it was right to point a bunch of imaging sensors at her—at least until she has a better understanding.”
“Impressive reasoning,” Ari said, holding back a grin and shifting his attention to the nurses. “I expect the captain will want to see me tomorrow, so I should probably go to the med bay and continue with the stimulation.”
“I can help with that,” Brooke said.
“Adie needs to be settled into her quarters,” Ari said, pausing with a frown. “Jack, do we know where she’s staying?”
Jack shook his head. “I’ll get on that,” he said and returned to his seat.
“Katie, I’ve taken a lot of Adie’s blood, and I’d prefer that she wasn’t weak when she wakes in the morning. Why don’t you pick up a transfusion kit from the med bay? I left a few units of my blood in cold storage.”
“That’s fine,” Katie said, “though someone will need to stay with her while I pick up the gear.”
Walt and Merrick both volunteered.
Eyeing Merrick, Ari said, “Thanks, my friend, but you have a postflight to attend to. Walt can manage.”
“Unbelievable!” Jack declared, rising from his seat. “I have her quarters, but you’re not going to believe it.”
“What?” Ari prodded. “What is it?”
“Capt. Argon has given her his mother’s suite.”
The crew was stunned. Two years had passed since the captain had lost his mother. Her quarters were adjacent to his own, on the forward edge of the key personnel deck. No other quarters were as spacious or as lavishly appointed. Mrs. Argon enjoyed entertaining and did so unpretentiously. She had hosted every member of the crew at one social gathering or another and was greatly admired. Since her passing, the suite had remained unoccupied. No one would broach the subject for fear of hurting the captain.
“My, my, my,” Walt said, “the mysteries of Providence.”
“And to protect Adie’s privacy,” Jack continued, “the captain has arranged for the launch bay and central lift to be clear of personnel until she’s settled.”
Ari shook his head in amazement. “We are so blessed to have that man as our captain.”
The discussion continued unabated until Merrick initiated auto-braking.
A half-hour later, they settled onto the ship’s ramp. Passing through the airlock, Merrick guided the Sparrow across the launch bay, setting it down squarely on its parking spot.
Brooke rose and released Ari’s restraints, carefully helping him to the floor. He took a step and winced.
“You going to make it?” Walt asked, concerned.
Ari rubbed his leg and said, “It’ll loosen up.” He hobbled around the cabin for a minute, then gave Merrick the go-ahead to drop the ramp.
Brooke covered Adie with a blanket and disconnected the gurney from its pedestal.
They exited into the uninhabited launch bay, leaving Merrick to his postflight.
Partway to the lift, Katie turned back, presumably to retrieve something. When she reentered the landing craft, Merrick was standing at the com/intel station sending data to the ship’s archive. Feeling the vibration of approaching footsteps, he turned in her direction. “Did you—“
“Forget something?” Katie interrupted. “Yes, I did.” She quickly closed the distance and wrapped him in a full embrace, rising to kiss him tenderly on the lips. She paused for a moment with her head against his chest and looked up. “I wouldn’t trade this day for anything,” she said. “And you...you are a very lovely man.” She broke eye contact and scurried out the back of the landing craft.
Breathless, Merrick felt for the seat, swiveled it, and took a break.
Katie hurried along, barely catching the others as they entered the lift.
“Find what you were looking for?” Brooke asked with a knowing smile.
Katie gave a nod, and on Walt’s command the lift began a slow ascent to Deck 5.
The crew encircled the gurney...silent, exhausted—eyes fixed on Adie. Their minds pored over the day’s events, trying to come to terms with the new reality.
Katie spoke up. “I’m so drained, and yet I feel—I don’t know—an overpowering joy—like we’ve done something truly honorable.”
“I know,” Walt said. “Glorious, isn’t it?”
Jack dipped his head. “This must be how the Lord feels every day.”
“Well put,” Ari said, holding onto Adie’s hand. “You know, before we split up, I thought I might offer a prayer of thanks, if that’s okay.”
The annunciator panel flashed “Deck 5” and the lift came to a stop. Walt locked the barrier and gave Ari a half-nod.
Ari smiled, seeing Brooke was first to bow her head. The others followed, and he began.
“Heavenly Father, there can be no doubt Who is responsible for the miraculous events of this day. Thank You for carrying us safely through this perilous mission. And now, here before us is this sweet soul—our sister from another civilization—my love...my life. Dear Lord, these wounds may ache, but my heart is full of joy. Look at her, Father. You know her inside and out—so beautiful. Even if she only stays a short time, I will thank you for the rest of my life.
“And this crew, Father—every one exceptional...thank You for giving them the wisdom, skill, and courage to persevere—for every word spoken and action taken to make Adie feel comfortable and welcome. They are honored colleagues, but more than this, dear friends.
“Because of this day, our lives will never be the same. Help us and our fellow crewmen to do everything in our power to make Adie’s stay a pleasant one. We are Yours. Use us as You will, and we will be sure to give You all the glory. Thank You, Father—Thank You….”
After shaking hands with Walt and Jack, Ari moved around the gurney and tenderly embraced each of the nurses. “Thank you—both of you.”
As Walt dismissed the barrier, Ari leaned down and kissed Adie’s forehead. “I don’t want to leave her,” he confessed with a pained expression.
At Walt’s urging, he slowly backed away and departed with the nurses for the med bay.
As she was leaving, Katie glanced back at Walt. “I’ll see you shortly.”
Walt gave a nod and stepped back into the lift with Jack. The barrier came shut, and they continued their ascent.
“Heading back to work?” Walt asked, his eyes on Adie.
“Yep,” Jack replied.
“…Heck of a day.”
“Yep.”
Walt took possession of Adie and exited at Deck 3, carefully guiding her gurney through the vacant dining area, past the kitchen, past the lounges, and down the long corridor to her new home.
# # #
Acknowledgements
With the seemingly infinite variety of stories written over the years, the prospect of producing an original narrative is indeed daunting. As such, I would be remiss if I didn’t thank the good Lord, who gave me this story and the skills to deliver it.
A special thanks to my wife, Nora, who is in many ways my inspiration for this book and has been most encouraging and helpful.
I am also beholding to a small cadre of people who provided editing support, mentoring, and motivation. Among these are Gail Fry, Robin Boardman, Molly Lofties, Ken Boardman, Rachel Boardman, and Annabelle Levithol.
Finally, at the risk of seeming insane, my thanks to the characters of the book, my ever-present companions over the past four years.
Cited Works
Jacob and Wilhelm Grimm. “Snow White and Rose Red.” Household Tales. The Harvard Classics. 1909-14.
Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster. “Superman.” Action Comics #1 (June 1938), 1-13, DC Comics.
The Wizard of Oz. Dir. Victor Fleming. Perf. Judy Garland, Ray Bolger, Bert Lahr, and Jack Haley, Frank Morgan, Billy Burke, Margaret Hamilton, Charley Grapewin and the Munchkins. Loew’s Incorporated, 1939. Film.
Darrow, C. D. (2006). Monopoly: the property trading board game. Eastwood, N.S.W. : Hasbro / Parker.
About the Author
William Boardman was born in Bethesda, MD in 1951 and is a retired US Air Force photojournalist. His rich military heritage combined with an avid interest in world history and science fiction offer a unique perspective and a reading experience to remember.
Other Books By William Boardman
To Earth and Back Series: The Afterlife
Contact Information
teab.wb@gmail.com
