Tom the Berserker 
Book One Seeking Acceptance
Copyrighted Beth Hoyer 2013
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Tom a Human male of the species called Moorra with short black curly hair wearing blue clothing. His clothes was a jumpsuit but detachable on his arms. He sat in a chair in a bedroom sitting. Tom was absent mildly staring at the wall letting his thoughts wander. He sat where the bed was next to it. On his chest was oxygen like mask with thick clear tubes that were attached to it. The tubes went into his arms imbedded in them. The sun had risen over the horizon showing a new day he glimpsed from the window. He heard a knock on the door which opened. Tom looked to see a female Keo with stringy long blond hair, all black eyes and pointed ears dubbing herself Rhinna enter the room. 
Rhinna spoke “Tom, the Queen has a mission for you.” 
Tom exhaled air at the familiar words and stood up following her out of the room. She led him down the stairs to the front door of the triangle shaped house. He saw outside a male Keo dubbing himself by the name of Ran, with shorter hair stood waiting. Tom saw Ran looking at the sky. He looked to spot the Keo species' invention a flying machine hovered down onto the ground several footsteps away in front of the house. Tom walked towards the flying machine and got inside to face a male Keo. 
He frowned seeing the Keo who spoke “The name is Geelley. I’m seeking a deaf Moorra female named Thura. She's missing since she walked off into the forests in the late sun the day before today.”
Tom nodded his head and looked out the window as the machine flew over series of triangle houses then flew over the city fortress before landing in front of a triangle house. Several Keos he saw stood there waiting as Geelley and himself got out of the flying machine which stopped its whooping blades. 
Geelley pointed at the direction and spoke “That’s where I last saw Thura go.” 
Tom nodded his head and put the oxygen mask on his face. The oxygen mask covered his mouth and nose. His brown eyes turned golden colored as his mind walking ability activated turning on powerfully scanning the forest. He walked into the forest followed by Geelley and the other Keos sensed them doing mind searching with their mind walking abilities. They walked into the forest passing by large towering trees and plants around them. His mind found a mind of a Moorra identified as a male walking in the forest.
Tom spoke mentally “Moorra found not Thura.” 
He heard one of Keo spoke mentally towards him “There are no known Moorra willing to walk in this forest. It must be one of the hidden Moorra.” 
Another Keo he heard mentally “The Queen had ordered any Moorra found be captured, so keep tracking, Tom.” 
Tom led the way through the forests tracking the Moorra mind till it disappeared when the group reached a large cliff wall with rocks in it. 
Tom mentally spoke “Moorra gone.” 
He heard one of the Keo he identified from mind scans as Geelley speaking mentally towards him “There must be a cave somewhere. I’ll go look, wait here. Tom. For respects, track me.” 
Tom followed Geelley’s mind as the Keo walked feeling the cave walls with his hands and went around a bend in the wall disappearing from sight. Tom concentrated on Geelley’s mind and stiffened sensing the Keo’s mind display pain as new minds arrived. 
He mentally spoke “Geelley in pain, Moorra found.”
Tom sensed other minds belonging to Keos including one more powerful he identified as the Keos' leader the Queen walking towards the group. 
He mentally added “Queen arriving.”
He heard the voice of the Queen in his mind speak “Tom go ahead and take out the Moorra, free Geelley.” 
Tom walked forwards scanning with his mind searching the walls. He walked around the bend to sense a mind of a Moorra in the walls. He tracked the mind to a part of the cliff wall. He put a hand on the cliff wall yanking away cloth designed like part of the cliff revealing a cave entrance. Tom saw a Moorra male holding an object in his hands wearing raggedly fur like clothing standing there. The Moorra’s eyes he saw appeared to widen seeing him.
Tom mentally spoke the word “Down.”
The Moorra in response dropped the object in his hands grabbing his head while falling towards the dirt ground appearing to be knocked out unconscious. He walked into the cave wall mentally repeating the word down aimed at Moorra. He saw multiple Moorra fell towards the ground grabbing their heads with their hands. He walked down steps passed a doorway and entered a large room with globe balls in the walls. Tom mentally scanned the Moorra with his mind. He saw Moorra lay scattered lying on the ground as he sensed a mind a female different from the others by silence within her mind. That despite noises detected from minds of the other Moorra. Tom felt drawn to the silent mind as he saw had images of the Moorra as a child being in the cave hole with branches over it. The branches were thrust apart as a Keo with black beady eyes and the clawed hands grabbed her. The Keo proceeded to toss her to another Keo who did the same to the other Keos. The mind he scanned showed her looking to see two adult Moorra lying on the ground which he heard from her identified as her parents. She he saw as she was tossed her parents lying having blood leaking from large open holes in their throats. One of the Keo was tearing at their skin around their open throat wounds and eating it. The scene changed to her being thrown off a cliff's edge and landed on soft springy thick moss like plant that kept her alive. The mind he continued to scan showed her walking while hearing the sounds of the forest. The wind was blowing and there were birds chirping in the trees. Then there was an ear shattering boom and clouds of smoke filled up the forest. He saw a view through the fog surrounding her to see a ball of fire leading up through the sky. The smoke made her cough and there was pain felt in her ears Tom felt her pain as she fell to the ground. There was pain felt as she felt something leaking from her ears making Tom stiffen from shock. The mind's child like hand reached up and touched the leaking liquid and then she looked at her hand. It was according to the mind blood which made her deaf to hearing sounds due to no longer hearing anything from the scenery around her. Tom stiffened realizing that the female was Thura he was scanning the deaf Moorra female Geelley told him about. He scanned the mind for identification to confirm who he was scanning. 
Tom heard blaring in his mind “It's Thura.” 
He mentally spoke in response to the mental voice “Thura up.” 
Tom saw a Moorra female get up from the ground with brown shoulder length smooth hair wearing Keo wear black clothing with a thick red cloth belt around her waist. He saw her expression on her face as she was looking at him with confusion. Tom stared at her with his golden eyes as he felt an odd feeling of his deadness stopped within inside him. He felt giddy with happiness while staring at Thura. He walked to stand behind her form as if compelled to protect her. He spotted Geelley on the floor by the clothes wearing a cloth covering his head and figured that the Keo was knocked unconscious. 
He mentally spoke "Geelley up."
He kept his eyes onto Geelley to see the Keo shot to a standing position in a fast move including yanking off the head's cover with hands up in fists looking combative to him.
He mentally broadcasted to Geelley "Found Thura. All Moorra within vicinity are down asleep except for her."
Tom watched as Geelley shook his head and registered him in the vicinity before speaking verbalizing his words “Thura, are you okay?”
He sensed Thura’s anger as she was sensed looking at Geelley. He saw Geelley take a step forward staring at her with his black eyes. 
He frowned as Geelley spoke again verbalizing his words “Thura, what’s going on?”
Tom placed his hands on her shoulders feeling currents of pleasure through his hands. He felt his giddiness rise within him from touching Thura's shoulders. Geelley he saw took a step forward and touched Thura's arm with a black gloved hand. Tom felt Thura's anger as she abruptly yanked Geelley's hand off. He gripped her shoulders and pulled her out of the cave to see the other Keos there along with the Queen. He sensed the Queen scanning Thura’s mind that made a grimace gesture with her lips.
He eyed the Queen who spoke verbalizing her words “Thura remembers her parents found dead. She blames their dead status as in killed by Keos. Hence she's in her bad mood at the moment and being rude towards Keos talking to her."
Tom sensed Thura disagree to the Queen's words.
He heard from the Queen mentally "Tom get Thura to the flying machine for transport to her home now. I'll handle her attitude if she doesn't withdraw from her blaming accusation." 
He pulled her towards a meadow where two flying machines sat with blades moving. Geelley he mentally sensed followed them with the Keo grabbing Thura’s left arm. He sensed her anger from the touch. 
Geelley he shifted to eye mouthed words he mentally scanned the Keo's mind to get “I’m sorry.” 
Thura he sensed shook Geelley's hand off and stomped towards a machine with his hands still on her shoulders he still feeling his urge to keep touching her and not let go. Tom once inside the flying machine manipulated Thura to sit sideways onto his lap. He mentally sighed of pleasure feeling her form sitting on him still making his giddiness feeling he figured was from her touching him. Geelley he saw followed him and Thura inside the flying machine with a Keo expression of a grimace on his face. Tom sat opposite across Geelley sensed staring at him and Thura. He felt his giddiness feeling rise as Thura lean her head against his body's shoulders sensing she wanting his touch. He responded by wrapping his arms around her in a hug gesture making him feel more happy from the touch. 

The sun Tom saw was rising further in the sky as the flying machine reached a triangle house and landed on the ground with a thump. Geelley he eyed gestured him and Thura both out. 
Tom heard him say mentally “Get out, Tom.”
Tom let go of Thura who got out with him following her he taking up the rear with Geelley. He stared at Thura’s form as she led them inside the house and went to the stairs where Geelley ran forwards grabbing her form from behind. Tom narrowed his eyes feeling annoyance take hold as Geelley hauled Thura kicking with her legs towards a table with a bench. He watched as Geelley forced Thura to sit on the bench with her back to the table. Tom stood watching as Geelley grabbed Thura’s hands pining them to her lap she squirming from it with disgust sensed from her. He frowned as Geelley kneeled in front of Thura one hand holding her hands and with his other hand pointing to his lips. 
He sensed from Geelley's mind his words he wanted to say to Thura to read his lips “We made a mistake. Please accept this.” 
Tom frowned inwardly at Thura’s response to Geelley's mouth was to spit at him as Geelley shook his head disgust sensed from the Keo. He sensed the Queen with escorts entered the house. 
He saw Geelley get up to a standing position and did a little bow towards the Queen who waved a hand hearing her speaking mentally "Geelley dismissed with that." 
He stood listening mentally as she spoke mentally to Geelley “She’s angry.” 
Tom stood as the Queen added looking at Thura using her voice “You’ll accept us or I’ll have you committed to the asylum.” 
Tom groaned softly from the Queen's threat as he sensed Thura agree to cooperate towards the Keos by her mind giving off surrender feelings. He sensed the Queen scan his mind with her mind walking powers he ignored her to concentrate onto Thura she still giving him giddiness. 
He heard a Hmph sound within his mind via the Queen's voice as he continued to still looking at Thura. 
He heard from the Queen mentally blaring “Geelley, stand Tom down and have him watch her.” 
Tom kept his eyes onto Thura as Geelley was felt taking off the oxygen mask off his face. Tom groaned as he shook his head from the headache while rubbing a hand on his face with confusion then he stared at Thura feeling himself stiff. He sensed a Keo pull his sleeve of his left arm showing a cylinder implant imbedded in it. Tom didn’t resist to sigh softly as he felt the Keo put a familiar needle cylinder in the implant into his arm from the prick of pain felt. He sighed loudly as he felt pleasure as the needle syringe's cloud colored liquid went down into him via the implant. Tom sighed smiling a small smile as his familiar strength returned. 
He heard mentally blaring in his mind “She says you have taken an interest in Thura. She orders Geelley to spy onto you and Thura together.” 
Tom shook his head of the pleasure and groaned from hearing the familiar male voice blaring in his mind whenever he had the oxygen mask off.
He walked towards Thura and held out a hand while mouthing she focused onto his lips “I know how you feel I lost my parents the same way.” 
He saw Thura’s angry face turn into a frown. He led her up the stairs and let her lead to a bedroom. Once in the room Tom pulled Thura in a hug wrapping his arms around her. Tom sighed of pleasure as she laid her hand on his chest next to the oxygen mask over the beating heart. He stiffened when he felt a hand on his shoulder. 
He looked to see Geelley who spoke “Tom, you need your rest. I expect to find you in the bed, resting and that’s an order.” 
Geelley he saw to his relief left the room closing the door. Tom felt Thura help him towards the bed. He lied down on it as he saw her pulled out a thick red covered cloth book from her boot. 
Tom pulled her towards him on the bed and she looked at he mouthing “Thura please.”
Thura, he saw with pleasure obeyed and laid her head on his shoulder as he wrapped his arms around her. He sighed as she stared at him with a frown while he played with her shoulder length hair. Tom watched as she pulled out a card with hand signs on it he glimpsed from the middle of the book and appeared to be studying it. He felt an urge and lowered his head towards the side of her forehead kissing it. Tom felt the urge get stronger as she looked at him. 
He mouthed “Can we touch mouth to mouth?”
Tom saw her nod her head and he put a hand on her chin pulling her face closer to his. He stared at her face as she closed her eyes while stroking her hair. Tom closed his eyes and felt a jolt of currents of pleasure through out him as their lips touched. Then he felt Thura pulled away abruptly making him angry. Tom angrily looked to see Geelley standing there with his eyes were narrowed. He saw Geelley let go of her shoulder, to put his black gloved hand over his mouth. 
Tom growled hearing Geelley speak “Your not mating with her without the Queen’s order.” 
Tom clung to Thura who looked at him as he spoke “You can’t stop me.”
He heard Geelley spoke “The Queen will order her taken away if you do this.”
He snarled out with an angry tone “I like to see you try!”
He glared at Geelley who spoke “You must obey the Queen, her orders stand.” 
Tom kept up the glaring expression aimed at Geelley as he spoke “Go jump in a lake, Geelley.”
He saw Geelley pulled his hand away and pointed to his lips mouthing something he didn't catch. Tom with regret running through him let go of Thura who got up from the bed. He watched as Geelley grabbed her arm pulling her out of the room. He lied down in bed glaring at the ceiling seemingly lengthy letting anger take control. 
Tom snarled angrily "Oh jump in a lake Queen. I will get Thura mated with me. I want her and will do what it takes to have her."
He got up from the bed and yanked on his mask putting it onto his face. He mentally scanned for Thura as he walked out of the room down the stairs and out of the house unstopped. He found himself unstopped on the way to the city. Once inside he glimpsed Moorra shrinking away from him in fear as multiple Keo voices mentally blared at him. 
He caught one voice mentally commented aimed at him "Take that thing off your face Moorra."
He heard another voice chatter "You're scaring the Moorra with that thing on you." 
Tom ignored the voices' repeated blaring chatter to concentrate onto Thura.

Tom arrived into Thura's location while yanking off his mask back on his chest. The shopkeeper a male Keo he saw went from behind his desk to stand at his side with his arms folded while staring at him. Tom jabbed a finger at Geelley he saw in vicinity.
He spoke “I will have her with or without your rules.” 
He saw Geelley put a hand over his mouth and heard the Keo speak “The rules of breeding among Moorra stands.” 
Tom put a hand on his oxygen mask gripping it as he spoke ““So what! I still want her!”
Thura he saw stood up from the chair, pushing it down on the ground and angrily stomped her foot. He and the others looked at her, at the noise commotion.Tom saw Thura make finger gestures with her hands he finding himself understanding her hand language. 
He read her finger gestures saying “What is going on?”
Tom spoke glaring at Geelley “Either you tell her or I will.”
He heard the shopkeeper standing next to him spoke “The Queen, I hear insisted that she be told.” 
He saw Geelley lowered his hand and looked at Thura with a cocked head before the Keo pointed to his lips while using his voice for his words “There are rules on breeding children among the Moorra. It’s for controlling the Moorra population which is enforced. This is something Tom wants with you.” 
Tom saw Thura look at him with a narrowed eyed look as he folded his arms with a glaring stare at Geelley. 
He saw her look at Geelley who again spoke “The rules have requirements on who can breed children. Your deafness keeps you from matching the requirements despite Tom's insisting that you weren't born deaf.”
Tom saw her turned her head to look at him as he angrily spoke “Tell her about how you’re responsible for her becoming deaf or I will.” 
He saw Geelley’s lips turned into a frown line and as Geelley he saw put his hand over his mouth as Thura looked at him. 
He heard Geelley speak “That’s none of your concern for that subject will be denied.”
Tom snarled speaking loudly “I saw this ball of fire in her mind. I know it's one of your flying machines. Don’t hide this from her.”
Tom put a hand on his mask as Geelley spoke repeating his words “That’s none of your concern for that subject will be denied.” 
The door to the shop he heard opened behind him. He looked to see the Queen stepped inside with escorts. Tom gave her a glare as she stood with her arms folded staring at him 
He spoke “Your machine made her deaf. Stop hiding this from her.”
He saw the Queen cock her head and looked at Thura who shook her head while putting her hands on her head with a pained expression on her face. 
Tom growled out recognizing the Queen's familiar trick of putting Moorra down asleep hitting Thura. 
He spoke firmly “She’ll know the truth of what you did to her. I’ll have her with or without your rules.” 
He walked away from the Queen leaving the bookstore slamming the door hard. Tom stomped angrily as he walked passing by booths of items with Keos and Moorra gathered around them again ignored by them both. He stomped out of the city into the forest and went to a tree to lean his back against it. He roared out an angry nonsense sound and kept up the roaring noises seemingly lengthy. 
Tom felt compelled to quit roaring unexpectedly by the feeling hitting him. 
He quit his noises as he heard blaring in his mind "Tom, what's going on?"
He exhaled a breath recognizing the familiar male voice spoken in his mind that had yet to identify himself to him. 
Tom mentally grumbled sensing the voice was listening "The Queen is denying my chance of mating with Thura. The Keos' are using the excuse of her being deaf as reason why she shouldn't mate to bore off springs. They make it seem like she was born deaf when she wasn't actually. I saw clear in Thura's mind that a flying machine invented by Keos was responsible for destroying her listening ability and caused her to be deaf. The Keos is refusing to acknowledge this fact. I keep demanding it but they keep denying this." 
He angrily stopped leaning against the tree and brought a fist into the trunk seeing it remained intact from his punch. He brought his other hand to the tree's trunk and leaned against it hands onto the area while the rest of his body wasn't leaning on it. 
He heard from the voice "Tom, I insisted you drop the subject of this flying machine making Thura deaf on a permanent basis."
Tom gave up a grunt in response to the voice's order. 
He continued to hear "I suspect that they'll be willing to let you mate with Thura if you do what the Keos say. It's just to get them to agree to the mating so try that."
He stopped his leaning against the tree to straighten up his form and mentally spoke "Fine I'll do what you said. I don't agree to what you're ordering me but I'll do it anyway."
Tom heard nothing from the voice in response to his words groaned and figured that he'll get himself to Thura's house. He put on the mask powerfully scanning minds in Keo dwellings. He found the desired house containing Thura from her mind detected in there. Tom reached the house where Thura was sensed inside. He took off the mask and opened the door to the house while slamming it closed with a bang sound. He saw a Keo he assumed to be Geelley standing at the kitchen unit who looked at him with a familiar grimace on his face. He saw Thura turned her head to look. He gave Geelley an angry glaring look and stomped up the stairs towards one of the doorways. He heard footfalls of running feet and looked to see Geelley had followed him up an angry look on the Keo's face. He saw Geelley waggling his finger in some Keo scolding manner. 
Tom spoke sounding firm “I want still want Thura.”
Geelley he saw frowned and spoke “That’s against the rules according to the Queen.”
Tom opened his mouth and closed it when he heard footfalls looked to see Thura come into view. 
He looked at Thura who frowned visibly. 
He then glared at Geelley as he spoke “I don’t care about your rules for I will have her with or without your say and you can tell your Queen that.” 
Tom slammed the door to the room hard with a loud bang sound. He stood in the room with a glare on his face. He stormed towards the room's chair and sat in it growling loudly. He sat stewing in anger as the day signaled night time from the window besides him with the sunlight gone. Tom got up and stormed towards the bed lying down in it while closing his eyes letting sleep take over. 

Tom came out of the bedroom and went down the stairs in the morning of a new day. He stood in the room watching Geelley come down the stairs. Tom went to the table to sit staring at the stairs. He frowned as morning left signaling the afternoon with no sign of Thura. Tom got up and went to Geelley sitting on a cushion next to the roaring fire. He frowned as he tapped Geelley on the shoulder then placed a hand on him shaking the Keo. Geelley he saw opened his eyes showing narrowed beady black eyes that looked him with angry look. 
Tom spoke “Where’s Thura? She hasn’t come down which proves that she’s not in the house.” 
Geelley he saw instead of answering him closed his eyes. He glared at Geelley and grabbed the Keo by the shoulders shaking him who opened his eyes. 
He yelled out “Where is Thura?! What have you done with her?!”
Tom glared at Geelley who in response silently grabbed his hands and yanked them off his shoulders. He watched as Geelley closed his eyes not saying a word towards him. Tom snarled some sound as anger arrived. He fisted his hand and brought it against Geelley’s forehead who jerked his head up while opening his eyes. 
Tom growled out with hands fisted “Tell me what you did with her or I’ll cause harm starting with you.” 
He glared at Geelley who rubbed a gloved hand on his forehead and then the Keo closed his eyes lowering his hand. Tom snarled growling some sound folding his arms and began to pace. He stared at Geelley’s form as he paced with anger running through him. 
Tom spoke out loud “That does it! I wouldn’t do this but I want Thura back. This Keo isn’t talking so I’ll have to do it.” 
He placed a hand on the oxygen mask and put it on the lower half of his face. 
Tom stared at Geelley and mentally spoke “Mind reveal.”
He scanned Geelley’s mind who opened his eyes putting hands on his shaking head. 
He hearing Geelley mentally screaming “Tom, no don’t do this!”
Tom growled as scenes arrived from Geelley’s mind as he ignored the Keo's mental protesting chatter. He saw via Geelley's eyesight appearing to be his own eyesight waking Thura up from bed. He continued to watch as Geelley yanked Thura out of the house to the Queen’s carriage with vision changed to night vision. 
Thura he saw was repeatedly finger spelling asking the question “What’s going on?”
The Queen he saw stood outside the carriage and grabbed Thura by the neck injecting her with a syringe then let go of her. Thura he watched placed a hand on her neck wobbling and fell towards the ground caught by Geelley appearing to look like she fell asleep. 
The Queen he heard spoke “Keep Tom occupied while we put Thura through the gate.” 
Geelley was seen in his mind nodded his head. The Queen's guard was seen taking an unconscious Thura from Geelley’s arms went into the carriage followed by the Queen. Tom roared of anger seeing the scenes in Geelley’s mind. 
He spoke “Down.” 
Geelley, he saw, made a grimace look on his face and slumped to his side closing his eyes. Tom closed his eyes and fisted his hands as rage arrived throughout him. 
He growled thinking “I don’t care how. I’ll find Thura and get her back if I have to kill anyone getting in my way.”  
He stormed towards the door to the house which opened with a wave of his hand. He walked out walking towards the city with rage running through him. 

Tom stood in Thura’s bedroom with her kissing him on the lips. He kissed Thura back as they each took off their clothes. His long sleeve shirt came apart unlatched around the tubes area which was easily taken off. He resumed kissing Thura on the lips after the shirt's removal. The rest of Tom's clothes soon came off. Tom stood naked in front of Thura still kissing her on the lips with his hands gripping her head gently. Thura, he sensed didn’t protest as he broke off the kiss to take off her clothes. He exhaled a breath seeing Thura wearing a leotard that highlighted her figure to his pleasure. He felt Thura shake from his touch as his hands touched her bare skin. Tom felt pleasant jolts of electrical charges of pleasure from his hands touching Thura's bare skin. He wound up slowly taking off the leotard showing her nakedness making his mouth water. Tom picked Thura up carrying her to the bed and slowly laid her down before settling himself on top of her. He entered her with his sensitive part while moving his hands to her sides. Thura, he felt, gripped him with hands on his shoulders wrapping her legs around his legs. He start thrusting which she met moving to his rhythms. Tom put his hand on hers as he gripped the hand tightly. Tom gave off moan as he heard her gasp while feeling himself spill from inside her. He shook from the jolts of pleasure hitting him. His hands went to the sides of Thura's head to rub the area gently. He sighed and with regret pulled out of Thura she not protesting to it. Tom stared at Thura who closed her eyes with a peaceful look on her face held by his arms. He put on the oxygen mask as she opened her eyes to see his golden ones. He mentally pushed images into Thura’s mind. 
The image he focused first was of a humanoid species with tan skin a bony body clawed hands and a long antler from the head with twin golden eyes as his and fanged teeth seen. He recalled the species was dubbed by the Keo's name of Banshee. He showed a scene of a Banshee changing form to a Keo. He pushed an image of a Keo named Thurin in her mind changing into a Banshee and walking out of an all white room disappearing through a doorway in a flash of lightening show.
Tom mentally spoke to Thura “This Banshee you saw is my Father.”
He shifted the scene to a long black haired Moorra female walking in the forests wearing raggedy clothing and fainting after a fully naked Keo showed himself to her from hiding around a tree. 
Tom spoke “The Moorra female is my Mother who my Father mated with.”
He changed the scene to show the Moorra female his Mother waking up to face Thurin his Father sitting in a kneeling position inches away in a cave. His Mother according to the scene was acting hesitant but allowed Thurin to touch her stroking her face with a knuckle. He again changed the scene to show his Mother walking in the forests with Thurin holding her hand. Thurin was seen put a hand on his Mother's swollen abdomen over the clothes and smiled as she smiled. Then Thurin abruptly put her back to the tree and stood in front of her in some fighting stance move. He showed six Keos, all males arrived running from the bushes to face the two. Thurin grabbed his head and fell to the ground as the Moorra female stood shaking appearing to be in fear. Four of the Keos grabbed her pinning her to the ground as two pulled out knives. 
Tom continued “They took me out alive with my Mother screaming from the pain.” 
Tom showed the two Keos cutting open the screaming female at the abdomen area and yanked out the baby which appeared to be Tom as a baby. The Keos let go of her and she turned to lie on her side groaning in pain. One of the Keos pulled out a gun from his pocket and put it on the female’s head pulling the trigger. The female jerked shaking and went still as if dead. 
Tom added “The Keo who did the shooting died by my hand.”
He sensed Thura stiffened seeing the image of a Keo the familiar shopkeeper with a peaceful look on his face standing at a table reading a book. The shopkeeper Tom showed looked at the door to see himself walking in with oxygen mask on his face and narrowed eyes. The shopkeeper according to the scene put a hand on his head and then threw a book at himself who raised a hand. The book was deflected like it hit a wall instead of hitting him. Tom walked towards the shopkeeper to halt walking. He focused onto the shopkeeper who shook grabbing his head jerking from the pain as blue liquid spurted from his eyes and ears. The shopkeeper opened his mouth as blue liquid came out and fell towards the floor laying on it jerking his form and then went still. Tom showed the scene of him leaving shopkeeper's store with oxygen mask still on his face.
Tom spoke as he sensed other minds scanning “You will not take Thura away from me or the Queen will suffer my anger.” 
He felt Thura again stiffened as he flashed an image of the Queen with a pained look on her face, throwing her head back and grabbing her head with her hands. The imaged scene went away as Tom took off his oxygen mask and cuddled Thura in his arms.

Tom stood facing Geelley with his back to Thura who spoke “Let her have her independence, Tom.”
Tom sighed as he watched Thura get up and leave the house unstopped by Geelley and himself as indicated by the Keo glaring at him. He went to a cushion on the floor and sat on it in a cross legged pose while staring at the doorway. Geelley he saw exhaled air and left the house as the sun shined rays in the sky. He figured he'll stay in the house and wait for Thura's return. He proceeded to wait seemingly lengthy as the sun changed positions in the sky by the sunlight blaring through the windows. Tom got up as he heard the door opened and looked to see Geelley walk in with an angry look on his face. He stood as Geelley went to a cushion and sat down cross legged position and bowed his head while closing his eyes. Tom went to the bench and sat watching the doorway as the sunlight stopped shining. He stood up to pace with a glare look on his face as night arrived. Tom went to pace as he heard a knocking banging sound on the door. He rushed towards the door opening it as Geelley he glimpsed got up from his cross legged position. Tom stiffened of shock seeing one of the Queen’s royal Keo guardian force came in carrying an unconscious Thura in his arms. 
The guard he heard spoke “She was found on the road lying asleep. Her mind was scanned and have indicated that she was attacked.” 
Geelley, Tom saw was quick to take Thura from the guard’s arms and ran up the stairs carrying her. 
Tom followed Geelley after bidding the guard a Swell comment Keo speak for "Doing good." 
He stood with anger in Thura's bedroom watching Geelley feel her head with his hands. 
He heard Geelley speak as he edged towards the door “Stay and protect her, Tom. I’ll find out who did this.” 
Tom went to Thura and sat on the bed next to her as he heard Geelley added “Don’t worry they’ll be found.” 
Tom gripped the oxygen mask on his chest with anger raging through him. Geelley, he glared at left the room without a comment while turning off the light as a night light turned on dimly illuminating the bedroom. He climbed into the bed lying down and pulled Thura towards him wrapping his arms around her. 
Tom spoke out loud “I’ll see that they who hurt you will pay for this."
He stared at the ceiling seemingly lengthy with anger running through him while holding Thura in his arms. He felt a hand he felt was Thura's touch his cheek in a rubbing movement. He moved his eyes to stare at Thura’s open eyes that were tear stained. 
He moved his mouth seeing Thura eye his lips, she lip reading “What happened and who attacked you? The Queen’s royal guard brought you in after finding you lying asleep on the road. They said that you were attacked.”
Tom eyed Thura who removed her hand from his cheek and watched as she did her finger spelling “I was attacked from behind. They hit me on the back of my knees with a long thick object forcing me to kneel then hit me on the head putting me down asleep."
He mouthed "They pay for hurting you."
He felt his anger take control only to get himself calmed by Thura kissing him on the lips he kissed back in response. 
Tom sighed as she broke off the kiss to resume her finger spelling "For respects, stay with me tonight."
He frowned at her use of the words for respects for it was the Keo way of begging. 
He eyed her as she kept finger spelling '"I keep having this odd image in my mind of a Drudnose a Keo's rider gonoid with some plank attached to it. I can't seem to figure out where this came from."
Tom mouthed as Thura stopped her finger spelling "I can mentally scan minds while wearing the mask on my face. One of my mental powers involves mentally able to mind walk people's minds. Let me scan you to help-"
He was interrupted by Thura covering his mouth halting his mouthing followed by her shaking her head in a Moorra way of not agreeing with talk which was tipping the head sideways in on the left side repeatedly.
Tom frowned forming it on his lips as Thura removed her hand to finger spell "That image has always brought the feeling of fear within me enough to shake from it. I think it's a tall tale message put in my mind not to have mind walkers scanning me period. So don't you dare do that mind scanning to me."
He sighed softly as she quit her gestures to lay her head on his shoulder. He stared at the ceiling quite lengthy sensing no movement from her. He looked at Thura seeing that she appeared to be passed out asleep to him. 
Tom groaned softly and put on the mask mentally speaking towards Thura "Mind reveal."
Tom saw clearly in Thura's mind of her came walking out of a tunnel where there was a light source shining. He watched as Thura followed the source of light to enter a large room that appeared to be a gathering spot for people to meet. The room was in a large circle shaped and seemed vast in size above. He glimpsed held in one of her hands was the Keo's rider gonoid called Drudnose’s guide strap on the face that was twin to a Banshee's head and face. He saw that Thura had grabbed the gonoid at the light source due to it rearing up on back legs repeatedly like it was panicky. Thura restrained the Drudnose as she entered the opening of a light source some clouds surrounding a shiny metal gate arch to reveal the large room holding various manoids. He saw manoids that weren't of the Keo's home of Uzan. One of the manoids with a head of an unidentifiable gonoid and a Moorra's male muscular body with a stick in his right golden clawed shiny hand appeared to be standing next to Thura. Tom watched as then another gonoid head manoid with a Moorra's male's body was twin to the one who appeared next to Thura. He saw one of the hybrids' he assumed they were grabbed the Drudnose by the strap yanking it away from Thura. He saw through Thura's eyesight as the hybrid pulled the Drudnose to round metal gated arch at the other side of the large room. Thura was grabbed by a hybrid and nearly dragged towards a where manoids were sitting in throne chairs. He saw the manoids seated were covered up in robes entirely hiding their species' features sitting in chairs in a half circle he counted about nine of them. In front of them was a white winged manoid in a male form with scaly skin and had similar eyes like Geelley and had twin colored hair to his. The winged manoid was waving a long weapon appearing to be some kind of a knife. Next to the winged humanoid was a manoid in a female Moorra's form with skin one of the colors of the sun set and had white hair and all white eyes. She was holding a long stick twin to the hybrids. He saw the winged manoid move his mouth and saw through Thura's mind that she didn’t understand what was mouthed. Then the manoids in chairs got up and walked towards a round metal arch with clouds in it. The manoids were seen in Thura's mind disappearing in flashes of lightening shows. The hybrid holding Thura forced her up the stairs towards the metal arch. Tom saw in her mind she entering the area to see at first clouds then the scene changed. He saw she blinked her eyes to see that she was in a field at night time illuminated by torches on the trees surrounding it. Tom stiffened seeing ugly scaly manoids of black skin color having bumps all over the place. The manoids had long reed claws stood around Thura surrounding the area. He saw that they had red Moorra like eyes and huge fanged teeth outside their jaws opening and closing revealing a round tongue in their mouths. The monsters as Tom called them stopped their charging towards Thura. Then the monsters abruptly walked away from Thura being held by the hybrid. The monsters formed an aisle that Tom saw led to a set of steps to lead to nine seats in a row broken up by a round metal arch behind them. He saw through Thura's mind she concentrating onto the metal gate arch as lightening shows were seen showing the familiar covered up manoids in white were coming out were sitting in the chairs. He saw Thura was pushed towards the seated manoids and forced to stand there watching them sit. A manoid came walking towards her out of the corner of her eyes. Tom looked to see that the manoid with a Moorra like face, with Keo colored short hair and on his forehead was a circle of black jewels that surrounded a large jewel. Common sense told Tom that the jewels were eyes. Tom sensed a flash of light and saw another manoid with a gonoid head came out of a gated opening with a crown in his clawed golden shiny hand. The hybrid was followed by a floating fiery torch stick with a round opening for the fire. He watched as the forehead eyes manoid a male moved his mouth Thura he sensed from the memory seemed confused on what was said. Then watched as the scaly long reed hand creatures stood aside as they revealed a high square slab featuring a male Moorra dressed entirely in white. The hybrid holding the crown places it on the male’s head and the staff went to be gripped by the Moorra’s hand focused onto the right. One of the hybrids grabbed Thura as they pulled her towards the male who appeared to wake up and saw him get up from the slab. His eyes he saw were glazing red colored and he flinched from memory of Thura feeling pain from a cut on her neck that bled liquid felt falling down her clothes. The crowned male in white in a fast move rushed towards Thura putting a hand on her chest above the breasts which made her eyesight indicating of dizziness. Tom saw the male through Thura's dizzy eyesight licked his lips. He grimaced from the memory as there were two pricks of pain on her neck area followed by lips as she felt the crowned male making a sucking motion onto her neck. After sucking her neck the crowned male licked the bite area making it sting harshly followed by the dizziness stopped and removed his head from the area. Then he saw the crowned male's eyes were no longer glazing red. Tom saw the crowned male grabbed a male with eyes on his forehead and then the scene went black indicating on Thura falling unconscious from the biting. 
Tom mentally kept up the scans despite Thura felt moving in her sleep while lying on him. He saw in her mind that she came to find herself lying on the stone ground. One of the monsters was gently nudging her awake with a foot aimed at her arm. Thura Tom saw got up and stood as the monsters formed an aisle. He saw that the manoids in their formless white robes were still sitting in their chairs. He looked to see a flash of lightening from a metal gated arch as if drawn as a manoid came out walking to stand in view. Tom stiffened staring with shock as he recognized the manoid to be a Keo Thura's mind identified as Geelley who stood with black eyes and clawed hands dressed in his usual uniform. He saw Geelley make several gestures with his hands and looked towards the manoids on the seats. One of the manoids stood up stiffly walking towards the stairs to stand reaching the top most step to appear to be staring at Geelley. The manoid folded arms folded Moorra style indicating Moorra to him. Tom saw one of the hybrids was gesturing towards Geelley and pointed his stick towards him while repeatedly aiming it at her and the Keo over and over. 
He looked at Geelley with anger felt as her mind registered words the Keo was mouthing she lip read him say “What about Tom?” 
Tom exhaled a breath and saw Thura's eyesight of her walking towards Geelley. She he saw reached Geelley and entered the opening. Blinking her eyes, he saw herself in a grey room that was grey all around. He saw with annoyance that standing watching was the Keos’ Queen with her arms folded and her black eyes were narrowed. She he saw in her mind sensed a flash of light as Geelley came into the room from the opening. He saw she looked before resuming looking at the Queen. Geelley was seen bowing towards the Queen who waved a hand. Geelley grabbed Thura's arm and pulled her towards a wall that slid open like a door. The wall revealed an all white hallway with red colored markings on the doors her mind didn't register what they were. There were large square windows seen with manoids glimpsed in the vicinity. Geelley pulled Thura through the hallway. He saw Geelley pressed a button on the console on a wall and once again a wall slid open revealing a small room. Geelley took her inside the wall slid closed and he felt a sensation of going up and realized that it was an elevator. Then the up feeling stopped as Geelley was seen keeping his ironclad grip onto Thura's arm. Tom frowned as Geelley pushed Thura out of the elevator towards a hallway that led to the entrance of the Asylum. Geelley led her towards a wall next to the entrance and pressed his hand on the wall. The wall slid open showing a chair where a female Keo stood waiting. Geelley waved a hand and Thura's eyesight focused onto him with annoyance felt. 
Geelley pointed to his lips and mouthed he seeing in Thura's mind “We have a problem we need your help solving.”
Geelley got her inside the room and the wall slid shut locking her inside with the two Keos. Tom saw Thura staring at the female Keo who made Keo gestures to sit in the chair by making a pushing movement with her hands below her waist. Tom groaned as Thura was seen obeyed and sat in the chair as both Keos held up their hands. He frowned as they walked around Thura in a circle with stiff looks on their faces with both hands up facing her. Tom exhaled a breath recognizing the Keos were mentally deep scanning Thura's mind for information. Then the Keos lowered their hands as there was blare of sunlight seen Thura looking in the direction and the Queen came in the room. 
Tom saw Thura focused onto Geelley moving his mouth “She doesn’t know what happened despite the scans.” 
The Queen spoke with Tom seeing Thura looking at her and lip reading “I think she should be told.” 
Geelley, Tom saw and went to kneel in front of Thura who stared at him with confusion felt from the memory. 
He saw Geelley pointed to his lips and spoke with her lip reading “After you were taken away Tom attacked manoids out of letting one of his angry rages take control of him.” 
Tom felt himself annoyed with Geelley's words as the Keo continued “Remember the grey room you entered through a gated opening? Tom managed to escape us to enter it and went through. He seems to be looking for you judging by wording used to indicate this looking status. We need your help in finding him.” 
Tom felt anger as Thura focused onto the Queen who spoke “I know you have questions but they’ll be answered in time. Don’t worry with your help we’ll find Tom.” 
The scene went away followed by Thura stood alone in a house with the doorway open that showed the shining rays of the sun. Tom watched as she went to the kitchen unit's cupboard and pulled out a familiar green boxy pack. She he saw opened it to see rows of syringes filled with white liquid his nourishment he took via implant in his left arm. Thura pulled one out and walked towards the table examining it with her hands. Thura he saw shifted to stare at the open doorway to the house as if drawn. He saw her eyesight blinked as a lightening flashed revealing a Banshee. Tom saw in her mind she identified the Banshee as a monster due to its bony veins tan appearance with a Drudnose like face with veins on it, clawed hands and feet came stumbling out. The Banshee he saw fell towards the floor shaking its head. Then the Banshee stood up and stared at Thura with glowing golden eyes that reminded him of his with the oxygen mask on. 
Tom stiffened as he heard a male voice appearing to be in Thura's mind from memory sounding of the Banshee speaking “It is I of the Banshee species speaking via voice in your mind. You, Thura, are seeking Tom which I have found and will bring you to him.” 
The Banshee held up a clawed hand towards her and spoke again via voice in her mind Tom heard “For respects, grab my arm. I will transport you to where Tom is.” 
Tom saw Thura obeyed pocketing the syringe in a hidden pocket in her thick red waist band and went to the Banshee taking his arm. The Banshee stepped through the doorway as Thura again seen blinked her eyes. He saw she found herself in a large room with open doorway entrances. Thura was seen looking at the Banshee which took off her hands off his arm and went speed walking through a doorway entrance disappearing in a flash of lightening. Tom frowned as Thura wound up looking around the room. He saw her spun around after a lightening flash was detected as a Banshee arrived shaking its head. Tom grimaced as Thura stared at the Banshee as Moorra hands removed themselves from the Banshee’s shoulders. A manoid was revealed itself to Thura. Tom gasped with recognition to see the manoid was himself. He saw himself was still wearing his oxygen mask but his face was pale with veins lining it and his glowing golden eyes appeared to be dim. Tom groaned softly watching as he advanced walking towards Thura with shaking hands. He felt a headache coming on as himself came nearer to her getting more painful, the closer he got nearer to her. Tom saw him self's steps slowed and his eyes narrowed staring at Thura as he saw in her eyesight she holding a familiar syringe in her hand. He saw the Banshee turn to stare at her as she bravely looked at himself straight in the golden eyes while feeling a terrible headache. Tom saw it was a memory of Thura shaken awake by a manoid wearing a grey suit and metal helmet where a grass colored scaly face was seen that yanked her to her feet. The manoid pulled by Thura's arms through the giant vast room towards a familiar gated arch with a wall of cloud covering the entrance. Tom saw walking with them was one of the hybrids. He continued to see Thura was pushed through the gate to reach a dark hallway with a light source behind her. He sensed her in moment of panic found she in the darkness running towards the light source. He saw the light source was the gated arch that showed an outline of a hybrid standing on the other side which walked away. Before Thura could enter gate she acted like she was grabbed from behind lifted her up legs in view kicking air. The grabber carried Thura further into the darkness towards a hallway with light sources on her left side. He could see inside large lighted cylinders imbedded in the wall as the light sources. The cylinders were occupied with Moorra with different colored hairs and different skin colors focused on the Moorra living in Uzan, both male and female wearing various clothing involving the Keos. Tom watched as she was hauled towards an empty cylinder which opened and she was pushed inside. He saw her turned around to find the cylinder door closing and glimpsed a face of a green scaly skin manoid illuminated in a golden glow behind a face plate of the helmet and suit the manoid was wearing. Then the tube filled up with white smoke which there was darkness arriving. Tom blinked his eyes of the memory. He shifted to scan Thura's mind further as she continued to sleep. He saw the memory of Thura staring at himself who pulled the oxygen mask from his face. He saw himself fell onto the grass covered hard floor with his eyes closed. Tom saw Thura kneeled and pulled his left sleeve up and saw the injector implant was gone with annoyance felt within him. She he saw looked at the Banshee with panic felt. The Banshee stood staring at her as she stared back seemingly lengthy as if drawn. Then the Banshee gestured with a head aimed in a direction as another Banshee appeared in the room into her line of sight breaking the staring. Tom saw the second Banshee then walked back disappearing under the arched doorway in the room. Tom sighed seeing Thura's eyesight showing her rubbing a hand on him self’s face. He sensed two flashes of light behind Thura to see a Banshee walking towards her followed by a Keo her mind said it was Geelley coming from a doorway in the room. 
She lips read Geelley mouth “Move away from him now.” 
Tom saw Thura obey as Geelley rushed towards himself lying on the floor appearing to look lifeless to him. He saw Geelley put a new injector device in him self’s arm and held out a hand towards her. 
Thura through memory lip read him say “The needle, hand it to me.”
Tom saw Geelley's order get obeyed and handed the needle to Geelley. He grimaced fully as Geelley injected the contents of the needle into the implant device in him self’s arm. Then watched he pulled out a small white bottle of white liquid and opened the cap. Geelley pulled out a tube from the cap which he put in the needle cylinder repeatedly making that pouring movement. He saw the color on his own face changed back to his normal skin tones followed by the veins disappearing. Himself, he saw, stirred shaking his head and opened his eyes looking Moorra black looking making him further grimace to look at Thura in the eyes. 
He saw himself speak Thura identifying him saying “Thura.”
Tom saw the memory shifted to show Thura peering into an asylum cell from standing outside. He saw her eyesight focused onto an opening showing the Queen walked in the cell pushing a sleeping himself in a wheelchair. Tom looked as if drawn via Thura's eyesight to see his Father Thurin kneeling in the cell abruptly opening his eyes showing them glowing like a Banshee. 
Tom eyed watching his Father from the window outside the cell and saw Geelley who she lips read said “He’s one of them.” 
He resumed looking at Thurin whose form changed into a Banshee he stiffening from the change ability. 
He saw Thura look away to stare at the thick red book in her hand and then looked at Geelley who spoke with her again lip reading “I’m sorry, most of the book was made up, except for the part where we met your kind.” 
Tom sighed as he watched the Banshee Thurin stood up and walked pass the Queen entering the open doorway to the cell with a flash of lightening and was gone. 
Tom saw Thura looking at Geelley again who spoke “The Queen has decided to let Tom mate with you.” 
Geelley he saw as jealousy hit him suddenly receive a big bear hug from Thura who let go. 
He saw the Queen come out of the cell pushing an awoken himself in the wheelchair who spoke he seeing himself smiling and eyes light up with happiness in them “Thura.” 
Tom smiled removing the oxygen mask to lean down and kissed Thura on the cheek.
He stiffened as Thura jerked her eyes open with shock seen in them followed by her lurching up in a sitting position. Tom gently pulled Thura down back onto him he still holding her in his arms around her she not resisting. He sighed feeling himself happy having Thura in his arms' grips while lying on top of him. He gently kept his hold around Thura seemingly lengthy even when she was sensed fallen asleep. 
Tom smiled forming the expression on his lips while mentally thinking "I have what I want. Its acceptance like I've been seeking."
He shut his eyes and allowed himself to sleep passing out unconscious..

Tom woke up from the sunlight blaring into the room by the open window he finding Thura gone from him. He felt himself annoyed with her gone from his arms again got up feeling rage hitting him again. Tom stormed to the door to the bedroom to stomp walk out meeting Geelley in the hallway.
Tom stood facing Geelley who spoke “Put your mask on, Thura's attackers have been found.” 
Tom obeyed and scanned Geelley’s mind showing of the Keo himself walking towards one of the city’s exits. A male Keo stopped in front of him with a large thick stick in his hands. 
The Keo spoke mental voice heard sounding with an edge in voice tone “You will hit Thura knocking her out with this stick or suffer the consequences.” 
He saw Geelley walking up behind Thura and hitting her with the stick behind by the legs as she fell towards a kneeling position. Then Geelley hit her on the back of the head with the stick who limply fell towards the ground falling asleep. 
Tom let rage overcome him as he mentally spoke “It was you, Geelley who did this to her!”
He narrowed his eyes as Geelley grabbed his head shaking in some manner indicating pain to him despite not giving off any mental orders. He stiffened feeling the oxygen mask yanked off his face. He shook his head and looked with to look at Thura’s face with a hurt look on it. 
Tom mouthed for Thura to lip read him “It was Geelley who attacked you. I saw him do the attack via mind scanning him.” 
He jerked his head aside as he felt her hand slap him hard on one of his cheeks on his face. He felt himself going dead again as he followed her into her room. Tom put a hand on Thura's shoulder which was yanked off by her she keeping her back towards him. He felt the deadness take control as he tapped Thura on the shoulder. He saw Thura shook her head in a Keo gesture of disgust which was an up and down bob while waving her hand behind her in a Keo gesture to go away. Tom felt himself go dead inside walked out of the room. He saw Geelley leaning against the wall with hands on his head while shaking his head. He angrily walked up to Geelley and brought a fist hard into Geelley’s face. He saw Geelley pretend to be more hurt by sliding towards the floor still shaking his head. Tom felt his deadness feeling take control stormed into a bedroom slamming the bedroom's door. He went to the bed and sat growling some sounds rocking his form back and forth. He pulled his head up and roared some nonsense sound as he rocked from his position on the bed. 
He heard from the voice again "Tom what's gotten you upset?"
Tom mentally yelled "Acceptance! I wanted that and was willing to do anything to get it! I wasn't getting acceptance from Moorra or Keo themselves! I managed to get this from Thura! Blast the Keos and their tricks manipulating things! I lost the acceptance I got from Thura from their trickery! I won't tolerate this stunt happening to me again! I'll do what it takes to get acceptance from anyone-"
He was interrupted "Tom you're ranting isn't going to solve anything so calm down first and think smartly on what to do."
Tom exhaled a breath and inhaled air repeatedly before mentally speaking "I thought I got rid of the deadness feeling I had in control within me by how I felt towards Thura. I don't have a purpose to live among the Keos and Moorra. Thura gave me that reason for living from how I felt from being in her presence."
He got silence as his answer groaned loudly before breathing deeply willing himself to calm down from his angry mood. Tom once calmer walked out of the bedroom and went down the stairs to see Thura sitting at the table eating. He walked towards her and was blocked by Geelley whose eyes were narrowed glaring at him. Tom stared at Geelley who thrust a green cloth box towards him which he gripped. Tom stared at Geelley with deadness fully taking control. 
Geelley he saw pointed a finger at the door and spoke “Get out I don’t want you around here. The Queen insisted that you go back to Rhinna and Ran.”
Tom took a step towards Thura but Geelley blocked his way with fisted hands up. Tom sighed feeling like he didn't want to get into a fist fight with a Keo. He left the house to see a flying machine sitting nearby with whooping sounds. He heard the door to the house behind him slam shut with a loud bang sound. Tom walked towards the flying machine to settle himself inside. The flying machine flew over the city and landed next to a house where Tom saw two familiar Keos stood watching. He left the machine and walked out towards to Rhinna and Ran who stood there with frowns on their faces. Rhinna took his arm as Ran took the green cloth box from his hands. Tom formed a frown as Rhinna led him into the house and up the stairs towards a doorway to his familiar room which she left him. He heard the door slam shut in a harder move than her regular gentle closing. Tom went to his familiar chair to sit staring at the wall with the deadness still within him ignoring the sunlight outside stopped shining. He kept himself in the chair only sleeping when the mood struck him and waking up once aware to resume staring at the wall again. 

It was eight suns passed since he was ordered away from Thura by Geelley. Tom stood outside staring at the Queen’s carriage with a frown. 
He heard Rhinna speak “The Queen wants you in her carriage.” 
Tom spoke “No, I’m not going in some asylum.” 
Ran was seen standing next to him spoke “It’s just for a private talk with you that’s all.” 
Tom groaned and went inside the carriage to sit down next to the Queen. He stiffened with his eyes averted staring ahead of him to avoid looking the Queen in the eyes as protocol required. He felt one of her Moorra like hands touch his head. Tom groaned inwardly feeling the pain of a headache as she scanned his mind. Then she rubbed the top of his head as the headache went away. Tom jerked groaning of pain as her hand grabbed his hair yanking his head up as her other hand went to his throat gagging him. 
He heard the Queen blast her voice into his mind in a loud tone “I don’t tolerate threats towards me. I don’t find this acceptable. I had Geelley by word of mouth hit Thura on purpose as ordered. Your separation from her was punishment for your threats towards me. You will obey me as your Queen and cease your threats or I will see that your separation from Thura becomes permanent.”
Tom groaned shaking his head as she let go of him. 
He heard her continue speaking using the voice this time “You may leave. And by the way, Thura is carrying your child.” 
Tom stiffened hearing her words and left the carriage. He walked towards Rhinna and Ran with concerned looks on their faces as the carriage drove away. 
He spoke “Rhinna, Ran, drop the act. The Queen ordered you.”
Tom stood as anger arrived on their faces and walked passed them towards the doorway. He fell as he felt a kick at the knees from behind putting him to kneel while feeling a gloved hand on his hair jerking his head up. 
Tom stared at Ran who spoke “Your right this is an act. I won’t tolerate Moorra who kill or hurt our kind.” 
He heard Rhinna speak “Get inside to your room Tom and stay there. Don’t come out for anything unless the Queen orders a mission for you.” 
Tom felt Ran release his hair and he stood up walking inside the house. Once in his room he went to the chair to sit down resuming staring at the wall seemingly lengthy. The door to the room banged opened as he looked to see Rhinna came in slamming down a large bucket with a loud bang sound. 
He kept the blank look on his face as Rhinna spoke “Use the bucket for wastes and don’t bother leaving the room without the Queen’s orders.” 
He stared at her as she left the room slamming the door. Tom groaned to himself and continued sitting while staring at the walls again seemingly lengthy while sleeping on and off. 
The sun was detected to rise to a higher position as he heard the door to the room bang open. 
He jerked open his eyes as Rhinna came in the room speaking “The Queen has a mission for you.” 
Tom groaned hearing the firmness of her voice tone and got up from the chair. He followed her out of the house towards a flying machine which he got in alone. Tom sat as the flying machine flew over the city towards a meadow in the forest. The flying machine landed hard with a jarring thump aggravating him to feel a headache. He got out facing seven male Keos standing around. 
One spoke sounding firm towards him “Move it there’s a hidden Moorra around here that must be found.” 
Tom put on his oxygen mask and searched the forest looking. He walked in the forest alone as the other Keo followed lagging behind his brisk walk. He came upon the mind of a Moorra male. He walked briskly till he reached the Moorra dressed in fur clothing tied to a tree. Tom scanned and sensed a presence behind him. He spun around to find a male Keo blocking his efforts to figure out who by mind scans easily. 
He saw the Keo pull out a knife held in his hand and throw it at him who raised a hand fast while speaking mentally in a rush "Shield." 
The knife deflected away from Tom as if hitting a wall. 
Tom mentally spoke “Down.” 
The Keo went down grabbing his head falling towards the ground. Tom heard a twig snap behind him and turned around to witness the Moorra freed of the ropes running towards the bushes. 
Tom mentally spoke “Down.” 
The Moorra grabbed his head and went down on the ground as the other Keos arrived with anger detected from them. 
One of them spoke in an angrily tone “You didn’t have to knock out the Keo hostage.” 
Tom yanked off his mask and spoke “But the Moorra was the hostage.” 
The Keo who spoke continued “You expect me to believe that? The Keo was reported missing. He was captured by the Moorra which you freed and knocked him out.” 
Tom groaned inwardly hearing the firmness tone of the Keo. He saw one of the Keos walk forwards towards him grabbing his arm in an ironclad grip pulling him away from the scene. Tom frowned staring at the Keo who took him to a clearing where a flying machine sat. The Keo let go of his arm and glared at him before walking away. Tom went to the flying machine and sat inside as it flew towards the house he stayed in. The flying machine landed on the ground with a hard jarring thump. Tom got out to see Rhinna and Ran standing at the doorway with glares on their faces.  He walked by them and went inside the house towards his room and sat in the chair resuming his wall staring.
He looked as the door opened with a bang sound showing Rhinna coming in the room speaking “I shouldn’t be giving you this."
Tom watched as she went to him and yanked his sleeve on his left arm and put in a small cylinder of white liquid which went in the injector on his arm. He frown feeling tiredness and not the familiar relaxed feeling as Rhinna left the room after the injection was done again slamming the door. He wound up sitting resuming his staring at the walls lengthy till a door bang sound broke his reverie. 
He saw Rhinna standing in the doorway speaking “The Queen has a mission for you.”
Tom groaned softly as he walked out of the house towards the flying machine which flew over the forests to a clearing where it sat again landing with the familiar jarring thump. He left the flying machine and put on his mask scanning with his mind. He sensed Keos standing together chatting mentally and followed the chat towards another clearing where Keos stood together. 
One of them seeing him spoke “There’s Moorra hidden, find them.”
Tom walked briskly as the Keos jogged following him. Reaching a cliff wall he sensed a mind of a Moorra male and went to the mind entering a cave to see a Moorra lying on the ground shaking his head. Tom jerked as he sensed a Keo behind him and turned around to see the male throw a knife at him which he easily deflected. 
The Keo charged at him as he mentally spoke “Throw back.”
The Keo went flying backwards hitting the wall as Tom felt his oxygen mask yanked off his face. 
He groaned shaking his head as he heard a voice of a Keo yell “What are you doing you murderer?”
Tom stiffened from the wording use of murderer to look at the Keo speaker who continued speaking “It’s bad enough that you killed one of our kinds that you have to attack our kind as well? See that the Queen is informed of this.” 
Tom left the cave walking out towards a clearing to see a flying machine land down. He entered the machine which flew him towards the house. Reaching the house he walked inside as Rhinna and Ran stood with arms folded. 
He heard Ran speak “You have no respects from us for trying to kill our kind again after killing one of us.”
Tom groaned inwardly and walked towards his room closing the door. He again sat on the chair with as the sun went down lower in the sky. 
He heard the door open as Rhinna came in speaking “I’m not giving you this.”
She he saw held up a needle cylinder with white liquid in it. 
Rhinna continued “Next time I come in here, I expect to find you in bed in the sleep mode and I mean it.”
Tom watched her storm from the room slamming the door. He exhaled a breath and went to the bed laying down on it closing his eyes. 

Tom dreamed of himself waking up in the morning by Rhinna who spoke “The Queen has a mission for you.” 
The dream shifted showing him entering a flying machine and coming out of it in a clearing. The dream showed him putting on his oxygen mask searching for minds in the forest. He came upon the Queen with several Keos standing around. The Queen turned towards him and fell towards the ground lying on it. He saw a Keo behind her bring a knife to his throat slashing it. He sensed the other Keos attack him which were easily knocked down. Tom dreaming this jerked his head moving it back and forth. He in the dream stood and stared at the Queen who lay down and gasped seeing a knife sticking in her back. Tom in the dream wretched off the oxygen mask and kneeled shaking appearing to be from weakness as other Keos arrived. 
One of them spoke “Tom knocked them out killed that Keo and stabbed the Queen in the back with a knife.”
Tom stiffened seeing an object placed on his temple in the dream and there was a loud sound as he hit the ground appearing to shut his eyes and form went dead. Tom jerked his head as the dream changed to show Thura lying on a bed with blood on her throat. Her eyes were open dead while her body was covered with a blanket. Geelley he saw stood to the side dropping a bloody knife while holding a moving bundle with one arm. 
Geelley in the dream stood as the Queen walked in the room and took the bundle speaking “Good our own weapon to handle the rebelling Moorra.”
Tom forced his eyes open as he stared at the ceiling with a shocked expression on his face. He gasped panting and sat up on the bed shaking his head. Tom wearily looked around the room with night vision of everything in day vision of green. He panted for breath then got up from the bed towards the chair to sit. He looked at the window which showed the sky in the color green in his night vision. Groaning Tom rubbed a hand on his head and lowered the hand onto the arm rests of the chair. He sat as night vision winked back and forth indicating the sun coming up turning night into day 
Tom gripped the oxygen mask with a frown and waited as Rhinna came in the room speaking “The Queen has a mission for you.”  
He yanked on the oxygen mask as Rhinna seeing that went running towards the doorway yelling “Ran he's got his mask on!”
Tom mentally spoke “Throw back.”
Rhinna’s form went backwards hitting the wall with a thud as Ran came into the room with a glare on his face. 
Tom looked at him mentally speaking “Down.”
Ran gripped his head and went falling towards the floor with a loud thump. He turned his attention to Rhinna who groaned shaking her head from sitting on the floor with back to the wall. Tom got up and went to Rhinna. He grabbed the top of her head by her long hair and put a hand on her throat gagging her. He mentally searched her mind seeing images of her pouring out white liquid down the sink from four needles like cylinders.
He focused onto Rhinna mentally speaking to Ran from the kitchen sink “I don’t think he’ll live any longer anyway since the Queen issued this mission. It will kill him.” 
Tom searched her mind finding a link towards the Queen alive in her and focused onto it. He saw in her mind an image showed the Queen pacing in a clearing. 
Tom narrowed his eyes speaking mentally “A message for you.” 
He saw the Queen in Rhinna’s mind fall to her knees closing her eyes jerking her head groaning loudly in pain. He sensed no resistance from him scanning Rhinna's mind despite the link to the Queen. He pushed the images of the dream throughout him into Rhinna’s mind pushing them towards the Queen who was seen to threw her head back like if punched. 
Tom waited watching via Rhinna’s mind as the Queen was heard speaking verbalizing her words “It’s Tom. I’m getting a message from him through my link with a Pishon.” 
He heard the Queen gasped out “Oh he’s aware of the trap I set for him and sending me an imaged scenario of this.”
Tom narrowed his eyes hearing that and spoke mental voice traveling through him to the Queen via Rhinna “I don’t like being manipulated.”
The Queen replied mentally towards him “Your not being manipulated Tom.” 
He mentally roared out as he sensed minds of other female Keos in Rhinna’s mind activating abruptly “What? You and the females are linked by mind! Your linking together would be enough to stop me!”
He focused the memory of the shopkeeper that died by his mental power command of die mentally spoken towards the victim that killed the Keo as if drawn to do it.
Tom growled out mentally “You had the power to stop me from my attacks and having that Keo die by my hand, why didn’t you stop me?!”
Tom jerked his head closing his eyes as he felt the oxygen mask yanked off his face. He removed his hands on Rhinna who was heard coughing loudly. He fisted his hands as he felt hands on his back pushing him and he felt himself forced to sit on the bed. 
He angrily roared out “Why didn’t you stop me?!”
Tom didn’t protest as his sleeve of his right arm was rolled baring it. He felt a prick of pain in as a needle was injected in the arm. He opened his eyes roaring loudly unseeing Ran he assumed was the one who put the needle into his arm. Tom growled loudly as Ran pushed him down on the bed settling his head on the pillow. He stared angrily at the ceiling as Ran was felt moving his legs onto the bed. 
Tom yelled as he felt sleepiness arrived to him “Why didn’t you stop me?!”
He closed his eyes letting the sleep drug take over his system. 

Tom angrily woke up shaking his head as the sun shined rays in the window of the room. He got up from the bed and stormed towards the door yanking on his mask putting it on his face. Tom briskly walked down the stairs to face Ran and Rhinna at the bottom. 
Tom seeing Ran mentally spoke “Down.” 
Ran, Tom saw grabbed his head and went down as he felt a headache come to his head and closed his eyes. He felt the oxygen mask yanked off his face followed by a headache as his mind was scanned. He forced opened his eyes to stare angrily at Rhinna who turned her head to stare at Ran. Tom looked at Ran who jerked himself up in a sitting position with eyes opened. 
Tom roared out as Rhinna turned to look at him “Why didn’t you stop me?! That Keo wouldn’t have died by my hand!” 
He growled as Rhinna grabbed his arm and pulled him towards the bench next to the table and forced him to sit. Tom sat with anger running through out him as he felt his sleeve on his left arm rolled up revealing the injector in the arm. He sat with hands closed in fists letting anger running through him. Tom closed his eyes as he felt a familiar feeling of pleasure take over inside him. He sighed as the nourishment was felt in his system making him much better. He sighed loudly and was forced up by Rhinna. He didn't protest as she got him outside into a Drudnose pulled carriage. Tom sat inside feeling the carriage move. 
He felt his anger returning as he thought to himself "Their putting me in an asylum."
Tom heard in response "Not so. It's for seeing Thura who's in the palace actually."
He felt his mood remained bad despite hearing the familiar voice's blaring in his mind. Tom kept his thoughts to himself keeping his mind blank as he heard nothing from the voice in response. He felt his mood remained angry as the carriage entered the city. He felt an urge to wear his mask obeyed to peer out the curtained window with a hand holding onto the cloth. He mentally scanned the minds of Moorra within vicinity of the carriage. Tom heard various comments aimed at him. 
He heard "He killed a Keo. He should die for this. No Moorra will accept this murderer for what he did."
He felt his mood become worse off yanked off the mask and leaned back in the carriage's seat feeling the hardness of the back instead of padded like the Queen's carriage. 
Tom mentally spoke to himself "Why can't they accept me? For respects, accept me as I am."
He exhaled a breath through his mouth and stiffened as his mind was felt scanned by the familiar headache arriving. He groaned softly as the headache persisted. Tom shut his eyes willing himself to calm from the head pain. He breathed deeply through his mind as the scanning kept up till it stopped abruptly to his relief. He opened his eyes and rubbed a hand on his forehead feeling anger at the mysterious mind scanner that has refused whenever asked to show themselves to him. He felt himself angry again from the mood taking hold as the carriage reached the palace where the Queen lived in one end of the city. Tom got out after the Queen's guard opened the carriage doors and jabbed their bony stick weapons aimed at him while silently gesturing him out. He growled an annoyed sound not caring if the guards heard him of anger still running through him. He stood outside the carriage standing and waiting as the guards he eyed refused to speak to him as usual. 
He looked around the courtyard and saw a female Keo arrive who spoke "For respects, come with me."
Tom heard the sarcasm of her voice tone felt his mood plummet further as he wordlessly followed the Keo into the palace as if compelled to do the following. He angrily followed the female through hallways passed doors. He finding that she was ignoring the way to his familiar bedroom. Instead he saw her reached a door she opened. He fisted his hands and bowed his head shaking it instead of moving another step. He felt the Keo pulled him into the room and forced him to sit in a chair. He sat with eyes closed as he felt hands on his cheeks followed by lips touching his lips. Tom jerked stiffening from the giddiness mood hitting him while he still felt anger hitting. He felt the kisser was Thura from the feel of his familiar giddiness feeling as the kiss was stopped. He opened his eyes to stare at Thura he saw willing himself to calm from the emotion of happiness hitting him. He frowned as the familiar deadness feeling inside him went away. 
He sighed as Thura finger spelled “You were right about Geelley. He confessed to doing the attack on me.”
Tom opened his mouth exhaling air then closed it and forced himself to nose breathe. Thura he saw picked up one of his fisted hands with both hands and made a motion to unclench the hand by her picking on it. He unclenched the hand in response which she brought it to where their offspring was inside her rubbing the area with the hand. Tom didn’t protest as he felt her other hand pull him towards her and till he was leaning against her form. Tom put his free arm around her form as he hugged her. He sighed again feeling his familiar deadness went away to his relief. He kept hugging Thura seemingly lengthy only to hear groaning noises from her. He removed his arm and looked at Thura in the eyes with a frown on his face. Tom frowned as Thura removed her hand holds of his hand and on his form before darting into a doorway he figured led to the hygiene room. He got up in a fast move as he heard a familiar sound of sickness involved with expelling liquid through the mouth. Tom darted into the hygiene room to see Thura over the expeller for waste getting liquid out of her mouth and looking pale. He groaned softly as Thura quit her expelling to turn the expeller on washing away the contents inside it. Tom groaned as he figured to himself why Thura was sick. He gently hugged Thura in hug as gentle as he could. Tom frowned as she accepted the hug then broke it off to his annoyance. 
He frowned as she finger spelled "I need to lie down."
Tom mouthed towards Thura looking at his mouth "I'm sorry. Your sickness is from carrying offspring."
He felt his mood flatten as she without a comment darted out of the hygiene room he following her to see her get onto the double manoid bed. He halted his following as Thura appeared to be upset by her shaking form while having her face buried into the pillow in her arms around the area. He groaned and went to sit on the bed next to her. Tom eyed Thura who adjusted her position to turn her back towards him. He again felt the familiar deadness take control again taking away his happiness feeling. Tom got up and stormed to a chair to sit and resumed staring at the wall near the hygiene room's doorway. He kept the staring seemingly lengthy despite Thura seen repeatedly entering the hygiene room hearing her familiar sickness followed by coming out to walk out of his line of sight. Tom felt his familiar deadness take control as he saw Thura enter the hygiene room for another uncounted time this time she slammed the door with a bang sound. He grimaced from the noises as he felt a tap on his shoulder from a familiar stick weapon belonging to a guard. Tom got up and followed the guard out of the room taking a route to the courtyard where a carriage stood. He was gestured to go inside by a guard jabbing his stick weapon aimed at him and the carriage. Tom felt his mood flatten into anger and refused to budge from his standing spot as he gave up a roaring nonsense sound. The guard Tom saw stood staring at him with his familiar blank expression again gesturing him to go into the carriage ignoring his noise. 
Tom heard blaring in his mind "Tom, stop that noise now. The Queen has a mission for you. So get into the carriage as you call it and do the mission."
He obeyed feeling himself still angry as ever. 

Tom sat in the flying machine staring out the window with anger still running through him. 
Sitting next to him he saw was a female Keo he recognized to be Rhinna who spoke “You’re angry with yourself, Tom.”
Tom exhaled air through his nose as he felt one of her gloved hands touch his fisted right hand. He turned to look at her as she picked up his fisted hand forcing it open with another hand. 
He stared at Rhinna who spoke “Let us help you if you’ll let us.” 
Tom groaned inwardly as she gripped his hand rubbing it with both hands. He turned to continue staring out the window. The flying machine landed in a meadow with a soft thump he felt. He groaned softly from the landing which he got out with Rhinna following him. At the edge of the meadow standing were a group of Keos. 
One of them seeing Tom spoke “Tom, find the hidden Moorra.” 
Tom obeyed putting on his mask activating his mental abilities. He walked briskly into the forest tracking and sensed the Keos weren't following making him annoyed again. He realized that he was walking into a trap to make him look bad to Keos. It was judging by the Keos balking on following him he sensed them gathered in a clearing and refusing to budge from there. Tom groaned softly as he found a Moorra mind and tracked the mind to another clearing where he found the source tied to a tree struggling in the ropes. Tom frowned as he sensed a Keo behind him spun around giving of the shield command repeatedly. He grimaced as the Keo was seen trying to stab him with a knife but kept appearing to meet a wall each time he gave up the shield command. 
He mentally spoke "Down."
He saw the Keo hit the ground in a dead faint as he went to the Moorra still struggling in the ropes. 
He mentally spoke "Mind reveal."
Tom shook from a headache as he felt the mask yanked off his face abruptly cancelling his mind scans of the Moorra. He shook his head from the head pain unexpectedly. He wound up forming a glare to stare at the Keo who stood in front of him. 
The Keo angrily spoke “Don’t attack Keos!”
Tom spoke as the Keo turned to his side “Then scan me.”
He repeated echoing his words in a louder tone as the Keo shook his head. He saw the Keo turn his head to stare at Rhinna he glimpsed who was steps away with her back to them. He saw other Keos attending to a Moorra and a Keo both lying on the ground. Tom looked to see Rhinna turned around facing him and cocked her head. He looked at the Keo standing next to him who looked at him while taking off a glove revealing his bare clawed hand. Tom kept his eyes on the Keo’s black eyes as he felt him put a clawed hand on his cheek. He stiffened feeling the headache as his mind was scanned while keeping his eyes on the Keo scanning him. Tom watched as the Keo’s beady eyes narrowed and saw him cock his head before removing his hand. He exhaled air feeling the headache go away as the Keo put on his glove and walked away.
He heard in response "Oh Tom, the Gihons can't scan your mind even if their touching you or not. Only the Queen can penetrate your mind's defenses. That's only when the Queen is touching you skin to skin is when she can fully access your mind. Pishons despite their link can't penetrate your mind."
Tom felt his mood flatten hearing the voice's words. He shifted to glare at the ground feeling his anger running through him as he fisted his hands. He felt rage running through taking control as he continued to glare at the ground. Tom felt a bare hand of a Keo female touching his cheek he ignored the touch as he felt no pain from the mind scanning. He looked to see the hand's owner was Rhinna who had eyes narrowed before removing her hand and putting back on her black glove. 
Tom gave her a glare as she spoke "The Moorra a Gihon, caught has from mind scans indicated another Moorra companion a Pishon hiding somewhere. So go hunt for this Pishon now."
Tom heard the firmness of her voice tone obeyed to put on his mask. He walked in the forest scanning with his mind finding again the Keos not following. He sensed a Moorra and walked towards the mind as if drawn. He found the Moorra a male tied to the tree shaking his head and sensed the male was drugged. Tom yanked off the mask groaning loudly from the mask off him. He looked around to see a Keo with anger on his face appear from behind a tree. Tom stood frowning as the Keo threw his knife which he flinched feeling the blade imbedded in his right shoulder as he fell to a kneeling position. He kneeled groaning loudly as the Keo pulled out his gun weapon walking towards him. Tom stared at the Keo who aimed his gun inches from his forehead speaking “Your death is payment for killing one of us.”
He kept his eyes on the Keo who flinched dropping the gun putting gloved hands to his head and fell towards the ground on the side. Tom stared at the Keo then moved his eyes as the bushes rumbled showing Rhinna and other Keos with angry looks on their faces. He frowned as one of the Keos went to him waving a familiar device a medical scanner over his shoulder where the knife was imbedded in before slowly taking out the weapon. The Keo, Tom saw shook his head and turned to stare at Rhinna who folded her arms with an angry look on her face.

Tom groaned from lying in bed feeling his back stinging. He felt Thura cuddle with him unexpectedly after repeatedly not doing anything like accepting him towards him. 
He recalled meeting the Queen in the throne room she spoke "For respects, Tom I ordered the attack on your parents." 
Tom recalled his mood become anger but again heard from the mysterious voice "Do not to let anger control you. The Banshees were controlled by anger from a group of Moorra attacked one of them killing one of them. It made them blind in anger towards Moorra. You arrived full of anger into a Banshee's nest. You demonstrated your blindness while angry. Your blindness status got the Banshees to stop being angry at the Moorra. The Banshees are no longer controlled by anger towards the Moorra in question."
Tom exhaled a breath through his mouth and forced himself to mouth breathe deeply while still grimacing from the sting of his back hurting. He felt Thura had fallen asleep having her head on his chest from still form with breathing sensed from her. 
Tom groaned softly as he recalled the Queen telling him "I'm aware of Keos trapping you with captured Moorra and attempting to kill you. The traps is for retaliation against you killing a Keo. You will have to be punished for the killing by whipping publicity in front of the city’s people. I have already signaled the punishment happening. Guards remove Tom's top and get him outside to the whipping platform." 
Tom forced himself to stare at the ceiling illuminated by a lamp left on. He recalled the Queen's guards removed his top baring his upper body and then brought him outside the palace. He wound up forced walked through a part of the city with Thura glimpsed behind him looking like she was still sick again. He heard her make sickness noises from behind as he was forced walked to a platform in a city's courtyard holding two posts with ropes jutting from it. Tom groaned again recalling the guards got him up the platform by the ramp to the post and tied his hands to the ropes while facing the majority of the city's natives. He saw Moorra looking disgusted by the expressions on their faces. He bowed his head as he felt his back whipped by whip zapping him with charges of pain. He figured one of the guards was doing the punishment. He kept his head bowed instead of trying to see who was doing the punishment. Tom kept his hands to himself as Thura was felt jerking her head while lying on him. He groaned from the pain on his back recalling screaming from the zapping pain getting too much for him which caused the whipping to stop. He recalled returned to his bedroom with Thura who lied on the bed next to him keeping her back to him. Tom sighed hearing faint groaning noises coming from Thura indicating on her seeing something terrible in her mind as she slept. He gently rubbed hands on Thura's side and kept up the rubbing as he heard her gasp followed by the jerking movements stopped.
He sighed as Thura removed herself from him to finger spell "It was Geelley who did the whipping from what I've sensed from the Keo doing that punishment."
Tom grimaced forming the expression on his face as he mouthed "You want me to ask Geelley for respects for fisting him?"
He frowned as Thura finger spelled "Geelley told me some tall tale saying that the Keo killed by him was his Father my adoptive Father."
He felt his mood flatten getting that talk from Thura who kept finger spelling "He didn't seem serious when he told me this tall tale. That's how I figured it was a tall tale actually. I think his telling was an excuse to get me not to do anything with you. Geelley after you left the house from him throwing you out made an insulting Keo gesture aimed at you once your back was turned."
He exhaled a breath through his mouth to mouth towards Thura giving him a glare instead of finger spelling "I didn't mind scan the Keo I killed to figure out who I was killing in the process. I let anger take control when I targeted that Keo in some angry mood hitting me. The Keo in question was alone in his shop when I killed him. None of the other Keos came into the shop to his aid during the process of me killing him to death. I wound up doing this unstopped."
He clamped his mouth shut to resume staring at Thura who finger spelled "Admit it Tom the actual reason why you killed a Keo. I get the sense that there's more to the story than your telling me."
He opened his mouth in response to see Thura slump over in bed with eyes shut with breathing sensed from her. He groaned seeing the Queen come into his eyesight with a glare on her face who's eyes narrowed even further. 
He saw the expression on her face indicated she wanted him to talk as she spoke "Answer Thura's talk on what you're not really admitting."
Tom recalled fully in his mind the Keo's killing by his mental abilities and the actual reason for it. 
He spoke "The Keo that died by me targeting him was identified as the one who killed my Mother shooting her to death."
He clamped his mouth shut as the Queen's look became more glaring which he spoke again "I don't think you'll accept my explanation to why I killed that Keo. You'll say it's a tall tale anyway."
He shifted onto his side towards a sleeping Thura to wrap his arms around her keeping her close to his body as he heard "Well try telling me with the explanation to why your killed the Keo you targeted."
Tom groaned softly and eyed the Queen who still had the glare on her face. 
He spoke "Fine a Keo's mental voice a Gihon got through my defenses enough to tell me to kill this targeted Keo. The Keo's voice was spoken in some compelling voice tone making me want to do the killing despite unable to resists to the order. The voice sort of urged me on to do the killing that I did it just to shut up the voice's talk. The voice I heard mentioned talk about the targeted Keo being responsible for shooting my Mother to death as reason why I should kill."
He eyed the Queen after clamping his mouth shut to see her jab a finger aimed at him. He stiffened to feel a needle injected into his neck bringing sleepiness he finding himself passing out asleep. He came to with confusion running through him like he forgotten something but the forgetting remained as he struggled to remember what he forgot. He sensed Thura lying asleep next to him. 
Tom adjusted his position to wrap arms around Thura as he mentally spoke "Mine, mine forever. I have the acceptance I want."
He sighed feeling himself happy from the conclusion to shut his eyes only to feel a familiar tapping of a guard's stick weapon on his arm. Tom felt annoyance take hold opened his eyes to glare at the guard that indicated him to leave the room. He raised a hand fisted and wiggled it in a Keo insult gesture towards the guard in response as he remained lying in bed still holding Thura. He found the guard refused to quit gesturing him out of the room or repeatedly tapping his arm each time he shut his eyes after doing the Keos' insult gesture each time. 
Tom heard blared "Queen has a mission for you. She's not throwing you out as you think so get up."
He groaned hearing the familiar voice in his mind got up from the bed to wordlessly follow the guard to the courtyard where a carriage was. He again groaned softly feeling himself annoyed with the Queen throwing him into missions as he entered the carriage. The carriage he peered out the window took him out of the city to the forest where a flying machine was sitting in a clearing. He got out of the carriage and entered the flying machine to see a Keo inside that gave him a glaring expression. He grimaced ignoring the Keo for recognizing the expression was accusation onto the male's face. Tom kept his eyes out the window of the flying machine as it flew a lengthy journey till it landed in a clearing with a hard jarring thump. The vibration caused him a headache from the feel. Tom heard from the Keo "Your hunting for the Keos and their meeting spot alone period. I'm not helping you with any guiding to where they are waiting for you to meet them so get out now." 
He obeyed to get out of the flying machine to sense it take off and out of sight leaving him alone in the clearing. He groaned softly before putting on his mask. Tom mentally scanned the forest searching with his mental abilities. He sensed Banshees in the vicinity by their familiar shields detected blocking him from scanning them. He grimaced as he sensed a Moorra mind a male. Tom walked towards the mind as if drawn to find a Moorra tied to a tree. He yanked off the mask off his face and looked around. He saw a bush rumbled in front of him showing a Keo with a hand gun in hand aimed at him. 
The Keo spoke “Good of you to take off your mask.” 
Tom stiffened recognizing the voice belonging to Geelley. 
He narrowed his eyes as Geelley continued “The Keo you killed was my Father, adoptive father of Thura. You shouldn’t have thought him as a murderer for the death of your Mother. For respects, I’ll tell you what you need to know. My Father and others were scanning your Mother’s mind as they took you out. Your Mother in her pain looked over where your Father was and saw him as a Banshee instead of as a Keo. My Father shot your Mother because she was detected planning to kill herself for mating with a Banshee something the Moorra found humiliating heavily. Her killing wasn’t murder but mercy killing doing what she wanted. For killing a Keo who’s my Father, I’ll have to kill you and I’m going to enjoy it like I enjoyed whipping you with the whip.” 
Tom fisted his hands eyes boring at Geelley as he recalled something fully in his mind involving the Banshee species.
He spoke while hearing a gun cocking sound come from the Geelley's gun “Keo and Banshee are the same species.” 
He paused as saw Geelley open his mouth baring his fanged teeth in a grimace. 
He continued from memory filling his mind “I came upon a Banshee nest after going through the gate while looking for Thura. I discovered this fact along with a lot of interesting information. Such as the reason for the Queen’s curfew of no one to travel during dark time is when you Keos are out traveling as Banshees.”
He saw Geelley’s eyes changed to Banshee like in response to confirming the species being the same. He heard a Banshee like growling noise come from Geelley. Tom stiffened as Geelley raised the gun pointing it at him where his head was. He heard the bushes surrounding them rumbled showing Keos with guns in their hands entering the clearing with glares on their faces. He stiffened as he saw two Keos step aside letting the Queen entered the clearing between them. 
He groaned softly as he heard Geelley speak with an angry tone “He knows about Keo and Banshee being the same species.” 
The Queen, Tom watched walked up to Geelley to stand at his side and held up her hand while speaking “Geelley, hand me the gun now.” 
Tom heard a click sound come from gun weapon as Geelley handed the gun to the Queen. He watched the Queen with her other hand placed a hand on Geelley’s forehead and saw him close his eyes jerking his head up. He frowned as Geelley lowered his head opening his eyes showing them all black colored as the Queen removed her hand from his forehead. 
He saw the Queen look at him with narrowed black eyes as she spoke “I order you to oath that you will not talk about Keo and Banshee being the same species."
Tom felt himself compelled to agree spoke "You have my oath. I won't talk."
He frowned eyeing the Queen who narrowed her eyes flaring them Banshee like as he felt dizziness hitting him unexpectedly. 
The dizziness made him shake his head while he spoke "For respects, don't leave Thura alone to raise my Gihon offspring."
He felt the dizziness continued as he saw the ground rushing to meet him. Tom shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to hearing a faint crying noise that sounded of a baby to him. He groaned focusing his attention onto the baby's noises as he felt himself lying in a bed from his body feeling it. Tom groaned softly hearing the baby become quiet as he felt pressure on his chest abruptly including a rapid beater organ beating fast from pressure. He shook his head of the darkness trying to keep him unconscious as he felt a hand Moorra like patting his cheek repeatedly. Tom felt the darkness within him going away as he shook the sleepiness away from him. He felt the patting hand become caressing with rubs he feeling the hand was Thura's from senses cued towards her. Tom sighed softly to push his cheek onto her rubbing hand as he kept his eyes shut. He stiffened as Thura's hand again patted him on the cheek followed by removed. Tom frowned as Thura's hands were felt on his shoulders shaking him hard. He jerked open his eyes to stare at her with a frown seeing she had blackness underneath her eyes from the lack of sleeping properly. Tom stared at Thura who removed her hands and felt the pressure on his chest removed. He stared with shock finding she holding up a young male offspring that still had his baby look on him. Tom stiffened as he saw the offspring had Thura's face but had his hair in a twin color to his as he sat up staring at the young child held in her arms. He sat up and got thrust the young to hold he finding himself not protesting to it. 
Tom felt himself confused eyed Thura who finger spelled "The Queen saw that I was too sick from carrying our son put me asleep. I don't remember birthing him or how he grew so fast to look the way he's looking. Our son has been referred as Thurin by the Queen telling me what name she's been calling him." 
He exhaled a breath to feel Thurin his son he assumed he'll call him remained asleep held in his arm grips. 
He mouthed in response to Thura's talk as she gave him a glare "I can't help you in that matter, Thura. I keep feeling fearful feelings whenever I think of myself before I reached my full grown size. I can't remember much of my life before I reached my size and refused to grow anymore. I can't even remember when I got implanted with this device in my left arm to give me nourishment. It's the same for the mask implant I currently have implanted into me."
He clamped his mouth shut as Thura's facial look became more glaring. 
Tom frowned as Thura finger spelled "I'm not having our son be implanted with what you were implanted. I refused to have our son wear either device. I prefer him to grow up like the normal way I grew up raised by Keos. I aim to ask the Queen for respects on avoiding our son being implanted."
Tom sighed softly feeling himself relieved from Thura's words as she forced him to lie down he still gripping his son. He stared at the ceiling as Thura was felt lying next to him and sensed her sleeping from still form felt. He kept his hold onto Thurin to feel his son seemed at peace from being held. 
He sighed again and mentally thought "At least I have the acceptance I wanted."
He felt himself relieved to finally get what he wanted which was acceptance. Tom shut his eyes feeling himself happy from that feeling hitting him.

Tom walked in the forest wearing the oxygen mask feeling tiredness hitting him. He groaned feeling himself annoyed at the Queen. She he recalled kept on throwing him to do missions of hunting for Moorra back to back with no breaks from the hunting. He figuring out the hunting was just a game for the Keos to play hunting freed Moorra that weren't domesticated. He entered the clearing next to the cliff wall where the Queen and several Keos were standing. He stiffened anger forming as the Queen and Rhinna were both seen by him grabbing their heads groaning loudly before falling towards the ground. Tom held up hands as the Keos around him fired their projectile guns aimed at him with the projectiles deflecting after he gave up the shield command over and over. 
Tom growled looking at the Keos whose projectile guns ran out of projectiles. 
He mentally spoke while eyeing each Keo “Down.” 
He narrowed his eyes as the Keos surrounding him dropped their weapons while grabbing their heads before falling towards the ground. He looked around and walked out of the clearing with the cliff wall on his right and reached a familiar cave entrance entering it. He walked down the stairs through a doorway and entered the cave while yanking off his mask. Tom growling angrily fisting his hands shaking his head of tiredness while closing his eyes. He feeling his mood becoming anger again. He roared a nonsense sound of anger repeatedly. He opened his eyes as he felt pressure of a hand touching his left shoulder. Tom grabbed the hand yanking it off his shoulder as he spun around to face a Banshee. The Banshee he saw moved one of its clawed hands up and down a gesture he recognized as the Keo's gesture telling him to calm down. 
Tom roared out “They won’t stop trying to kill me till I’m dead for killing one of them!”
He heard the familiar voice speak in his mind “Tom, did you and the Keos bother to scan the Queen and Pishon servant? You would find that one of the Pishon Keos has died and they are reacting to her link being gone from them.”
He narrowed his eyes staring at the Banshee who placed a clawed hand on his shoulder gently rubbing the area. 
Tom heard the voice continue speaking “Put the mask on, go out and confront them with this by having them scan Rhinna’s mind. They’ll find that you didn’t attack the Queen and will not try to kill you.”
He obeyed putting on the mask finding the Banshee back away from him. He ignored the backing Banshee and stormed out of the cave. He wound up walking to entering the clearing where Keos were awake busy examining the Queen and Rhinna lying unconscious on the ground. He saw other Keos were getting up from the ground shaking their heads of some sleep status. 
Tom snarled out mentally speaking as the waken Keos seeing he pulled out their knife weapons “You will scan the Pishon's mind!”
He added roaring out mentally as the Keos pointed their knives at him in some threatening gesture “Now!”
Tom saw one of the Keos put away his knife, yanking off his gloves and put his bare hands on her face.
He shook his head as dizziness arrived and heard a familiar voice speaking in his mind “Tom, take your mask off. Please trust us to help keep you alive.” 
Tom brought his hand up to his face and pulled off his mask groaning from the dizziness while blinking his eyes. He shook his head as his eyes sight got blurry with black spots forming. He looked down through the black spots seeing the ground rushing up to meet him. He saw the spots blotted out his sight and he closed them surrendering to the sleepiness status. Tom found himself better from the sleeping and opened his eyes. He was in the clearing alone as the sun shined a pale green light in the forest. He got up as his feet as if compelled walked him past the clearing. He found himself traveling through the forest towards the edge of a cliff that over looked a vast forest of trees with clouds surrounding them. He stared at the scene with a frown and turned as the cliff edge gave away. He fell sliding towards the edge. Tom twisted himself grabbing onto the rocky edge with his hands as he slid over the edge. His left hand found a hand hold and tightened its hold as he dangled by his hand over the edge. A hand hold was felt grabbing his right foot. He looked down to see a Moorra like being in a white dress with his face and a feminine form that had glowing see through moving wings on her back from below him. 
The winged Moorra spoke raising a hand “Come with me.” 
He stared at the winged Moorra speaking in a feminine voice tone. 
He felt hands grab his left wrist in an ironclad grip followed by a male voice speaking “Father, don’t leave me.” 
Tom looked up to stare with confusion to see a male with his black hair, Thura’s face and blue clothing who was holding his left wrist in a tight ironclad grip. 
The male he stared at spoke again “Father, for respects don’t leave me.” 
He stared at the male who he felt pulling his arm as he felt the winged Moorra below him pulling on his foot. Tom frowned as the male was joined by the Queen who put her hands on his arm pulling him with a concerned look on her face. 
The Queen spoke he hearing her speaking “This is your son don’t deny him the chance to be raised by his parents like you were denied.”
Tom raised his right hand to grip his son’s left wrist in a tight ironclad grip in response to the Queen's words. He felt the winged Moorra below him let go of his foot abruptly. Tom eyed his son as the Queen and his offspring pulled him up from the cliff edge till he was standing on the ground. 
He sighed as his son grabbed him in a hug while speaking “Father.” 
Tom closed his eyes as blackness arrived. He came to find himself lying on a bed with hands touching his face. He opened his eyes to stare at the Queen, leaning over him with a small smile seen. He eyed her who moved her hands to rub his face. He stared at her as a memory came to his mind. In the memory he was a young child older than Thurin at his current age running in a hallway of the Queen’s palace towards the entrance leading to the gardens beyond. He reached the garden entrance pausing to see the Queen outside underneath an awning with eyes closed. He saw her sitting on a cushion in a cross legged position with her two guards standing behind her. One of the guards seeing him was seen put a finger to his lips as Tom slowly walked outside. He quietly walked silently passed the Queen. Tom walked further into the large maze of hedges till he was out of sight of the guards into the shining sun. Sighing he walked looking around staring at the hedge garden consisted of many colorful plant life that stood towering over his head. He walked admiring them then looked at the sky as dark clouds rolled blocking the sun turning the sky into darkness. He stared at the sky and ran through the maze through openings in the hedges till he reached a dead end. Tom turned around and ran till he reached another dead end as the dark sky lit up turning to day followed by loud rumbling noises. He ran running through the maze as the sky kept its daylight flashing and rumbling noise show. Tom stopped to catch his breath he reached another dead end as water began to drip falling from the sky in a light barrage. He looked around the hedges panicking as the water fell harder getting him wet plastering his hair onto his face and his clothes onto his body. 
Tom burst into tears kneeling onto the ground grabbing his wet form with his arms crying out "Mother, Father.” 
He closed his eyes lying on the ground as the rain began barraging him with its wet drops of water while speaking in his mind “Mother Father, help me.”
He heard a male voice that seemed familiar speak in his mind “Tom what’s wrong?”
Tom wailed out in his mind “Help me, I can’t get out!” 
He heard the voice speak “Hold on Tom, I’ll get help to you. Just tell me where you are.” 
He cried out in his mind “I’m trapped in the Queen’s hedge garden and I can’t get out!”
Tom heard from the voice speak in his mind “Tom, stay where you are, help is coming to get you.” 
He lay on the ground weeping and placed his arms over his head as the water spilled from the sky overhead seemingly getting harder with its spilling. He didn’t know how long he lay there while feeling himself becoming cold from the water's spilling. He stiffened as he felt hands touch his arms pulling at them pulling him from the ground. He looked to see the looking wet with hair plastered was the Queen kneeling next to him with her guards besides her. He didn’t resist as she pulled him in a hug rubbing his back then lifted him up carrying him as he settled his head on her shoulder. He placed his arms around her neck as she carried him out of the maze of hedges towards the entrance to the palace. Tom frowned forming it on his face as the memory quit playing in his mind. He stared at the Queen who removed her hands to straighten up forming a frown on her face. He felt the vibrations of the bed move as someone got onto the bed with him. Tom looked to see Thura holding Thurin settle herself lying down with her head on his shoulder on her left side. He sighed feeling Thura place his son on his chest to have Thurin's front facing him he felt the familiar rapid beat of his son's beater organ. He sighed as Thura was felt putting her arms around Thurin’s form including keeping her head on his shoulder. Tom placed his arms around Thura. He saw the Queen frown visibly while staring at him. He frowned seeing the Queen's expression turn into a glare making him gulp. 
Tom frowned as he sensed Thura pass out asleep as the Queen spoke sounding firm "Talk on this obsession with Thura now. You seemed desperate to have her in your life and in your possession. I had you tested on this desperation. You proved this desperation by hunting for Thura after she was forcibly taken away from you. So talk now!"
He gulped and spoke "Thura gives me what I've been seeking which is acceptance. I haven't been getting that acceptance from any of the Keos or Moorra like I keep complaining to you about."
He clamped his mouth shut in response feeling himself annoyed with his confession as the Queen gave him a glare of accusation on her facial appearance making him gulp some more. 
He stiffened as the Queen gave him a Banshee eyed look he finding sleepiness hitting him that took control which he surrendered to it. 

Tom awoke discovering himself sitting in a chair alone in the bedroom. Thura with Thurin was no where to be seen in the room. He frowned as he heard voices speaking coming from the hallway with the door to the room ajar making him compelled to get up and eavesdrop
He heard a male Keo's voice he figured was Geelley's speaking “Thura is easily manipulated. She saw Thurin, Tom’s Father changed into a Banshee. She from mind scans of her shows that she doesn’t think Keo and Banshee is the same species.” 
He heard a female voice he recognized as the Queen speaking “Interesting considering what you told me about Thura’s reaction to Tom attacking you. He told her about you attacking her. She appeared to not believe him or accept him. Thura pulled this acceptance behavior onto Tom after you confessed the attack.”
Geelley was heard speaking “My mind scans show that Thura prefers to believe me over Tom. Her acceptance of Tom is to spite me. She’ll continue to do that spiteful behavior as long as she's furious with me.” 
Queen he heard spoke “Good I was worried about Thura accepting Tom. See about trying to get onto Thura's graces to get her to stop this spiteful behavior.” 
Tom felt anger arriving as Geelley spoke “I aim to do that.” 
He growled softly as the Queen spoke “I think it’s a high time Tom stopped living in the palace with Thura. I plan to have him live elsewhere while Thura stays here just to see of influencing Thurin enough to turn against his Father.” 
He felt anger took control as Geelley spoke “What would you want me to tell her of Tom’s absence?”
He gave off a loud roaring nonsense sound and stormed towards the door as it slammed closed in a bang sound in response to his noises. He heard the familiar door's lock clicking sound after it was shut. 
He snarled out loud “You’re not doing this separation to me just to manipulate Thura and my son to both reject me. I’ll see if I have to force you to accept us together if I have to destroy you.”
He angrily put a hand on his chest rubbing the area as he felt the mask near his hand. 
He spoke out loud again “I don’t care I’m doing what I want from now on. I don’t take orders from you for this pain of rejection you caused me.” 
He grabbed the mask and yanked it onto his face as he felt his mind walking power become active. He went to the door putting a hand on it and slid it sideways as he heard the sound of the lock unlocking. He opened the door and stood in the hallway empty of Keos. 
He heard a mental sound of a crying sound on his right followed by a young male child's voice blaring in his mind “Father.” 
He turned towards his right and walked into the hallway mentally following the child’s voice as if drawn as the male repeatedly said "Father.” 
The voice took him to outside to the hedge garden entrance where he met no one on his way there. He entered the hedge garden following the voice walking in corridors of hedges high over his head. He reached a break in the hedge garden to see an opening which he entered. Tom felt rage hitting him to see the Queen, with a male Keo he assumed was Geelley and Thura appearing to be holding Thurin standing with their backs to him. He saw that all appeared to be staring at long glass rectangular box on pedestal stands in front of them. 
He heard the Queen speak loudly “Nice of you to join us Tom.” 
He narrowed his eyes as anger raged throughout him. The Queen he saw turned around to face him as Geelley grabbed Thura and began yanking her to a hedge entrance. 
He roared as he aimed his eyes towards Geelley “Geelley, down!”
Geelley he saw grabbed his head and fell towards the grass ground as Thura turned to face him with a hurt look on her face while holding a sleeping Thurin. He turned his eyes towards the Queen who had her mouth in a thin line. He could sense the Queen mentally mind walking in his mind which he easily blocked her scans. He took a step towards her as hands feeling like a Keo's clamped on the sides of his face from behind him. Tom jerked his eyes shut throwing his head up as memories of the Keo flashed in his mind’s eye. He saw the Keo an apparent male staring at a female Moorra with pain in her face as she was lying on the ground. He saw Keos around her lower body appearing to be yanking something from within her as one held up her skirt that was blocking the view. He saw the female turn her head towards the eye’s sight point of view with a pained expression on her face. He gasped of recognition seeing her as his Mother who widen her eyes with shock in them while meeting the eyesight. A Banshee like hand he saw came into view then shifted to a Keo’s hand and shifted back switching back and forth as the eyes stared at his Mother. He saw his Mother form disgust in her eyes who turned her head away while closing her eyes. He saw one of the Keos lift up a moving thing from behind his Mother's skirt that was all red color who screamed a loud crying noise. Tom saw another Keo pull out a gun while walking towards his Mother with a disgusted expression seen on the male's face. 
He heard a voice scream out “No! Don’t kill her! For respects!”
The Keo with the gun looked at the eyes sight with disgust obviously seen. He heard a male voice speak “She wants to die and I’m granting her wish.” 
He heard the voice again scream out a cry as the Keo kneeled putting the gun at his Mother’s forehead pulling the trigger who thrashed wildly before her body became still indicated her death status. 
He saw the Keo get up as he heard the voice spoke “I’ll see that my son will kill you once he’s grown if I have to manipulate him to do it.”
Tom stiffened at the words as another memory of himself walking in the city while wearing the mask knocking aside Keos and Moorra with the down command. He saw them both fell to the ground unconscious as an image of a Keo shooting at his Mother repeated again in his mind. 
He remembering heard a male voice seemingly familiar speaking “Go to the bookstore. You’ll find the Keo who killed her, your Mother there. Kill him for me. See that he doesn’t live to see another day. Do it.” 
He recalled compelled on by the voice reached the bookstore entering it. He looked to see a Keo the shopkeeper standing at a table reading a book that looked at the door to see him walking in. The shopkeeper he saw put a hand on his head as if grimacing and then threw the book at him who raised a hand. The book was deflected like it hit a wall after he recalled giving of the shield command. Tom walked towards the Keo who shook grabbing his head jerking from the pain as blue liquid spurted from his eyes and ears. 
The Keo he saw opened his mouth as blue liquid came out and fell towards the floor laying on it jerking his form thrashing it wildly. 
Tom from memory snarled out “Die!”
He saw in the memory the Keo thrashed again as spurts of blue liquid spurted from his eyes then went still. He recalled sensing no life from the Keo and left the shop. Tom felt a headache as his mind walking power went down as his mask was removed from his face. He felt the Keo hands release their hold on his face. He lowered his head blinking open his eyes to stare at the Queen inches away from him with the expression of a glare on her face. 
A Keo walked in his line of sight which he stared at with shock recognizing his Father. Thurin he stared at spoke while staring at the Queen “It was not entirely his fault that Geellen was killed. I sort of manipulated my son to do this. I didn’t want his Mother, Tomah as she's called to die. She was killed by Geellen claiming this tall tale of she wanting to die herself. He killed Tomah my beloved, despite my protests and pleading spoken. I swore to Geellen after he pulled the trigger that I would have my son kill him once grown. I even managed to manipulate Tom to do killing. I kept my oath to Geellen.”
He stiffened at the words with shock as he stared at his Father with widen eyes. 
He frowned as the Queen spoke “I saw this in Geellen’s mind after the Keos there admitted that he killed this Tomah as you call her. The killing was against my orders. I strictly ordered them to have Tom taken out of Tomah and taken away with both of you left alive. As a result of that disobeyment by Geellen, I ordered him thrown out from my guarding force. I ordered Geellen to raise Thura after she was found with an injury to her listening organs in the forest.” 
Tom moved his eyes to Thura who was staring at Geelley standing sideway next to her who had a finger pointed at his mouth he figured had mouthed what he heard. He turned his attention to the Queen who formed a Banshee look with her eyes towards his Father who jerked taking a step back while shaking his head. He stiffened as his Father shut his eyes then opened them with confusion on his face and walked out of sight. Tom stiffened as the Queen looked at him with her Banshee look creeping him out. He felt the familiar dizziness arrive surrounded by dark spots coming to his eyes sight which he shut his eyes only to open them. He came to discovering himself restrained in a chair with metal restraints felt with a spot light over him. He could see the Queen standing nearby in front of him with arms folded. He stared at the Queen who gestured with her head and he saw an image appear in front of him with images on it. 
He heard the Queen speak “Identify species.”
He saw on the image was a manoid with green scaly skin making him disgusted. 
Tom recalled the manoid's species name which he spoke “Rakcar.” 
The image changed to show a Keo with black hair and dark skin and all white eyes which he spoke “Shadonia.” 
Then the image changed to show a body of water moving which he saw a plant like flower rise from moving water spreading apart like an open flower. 
The Queen spoke “Identify.” 
He spoke as compelled by a compulsion hitting him unexpectedly the words coming out of his mouth shocking him “Werra, a Meritanian is a mind walking sentient plant life form that lives in the Ocean. She can communicate towards manoids by mind walking them and hearing her mental voice sounding in their minds. Werra has a companion Peter is what's he's called.” 
He heard the Queen growl some sound loudly while flaring Banshee eyes. He blinked his eyes and discovered himself lying on a bed with Thura. He felt Thura sit up in a fast move with a shocked expression on her face seen when seeing him. Tom sighed as Thura kissed him on the lips before getting up seeing her looking around the room with a confused expression on her face. He frowned having no memory of how he got from the hedge garden to the bedroom in the first place. 
Tom sat up as Thura formed a glare and finger spelled "I keep hearing this baby voice in a Gihon tone calling me Mother over and over. I can't seem to figure out where this voice is coming from and why I'm hearing it."
Tom felt anger take hold as he put on the mask only to get Thura yanking it off his face. 
He got from Thura finger spelling "Don't you dare scan my mind to help me remember again. I recall having trouble sleeping from you doing that to me. I kept waking up scared of something terrible that I couldn't sleep as a result. So drop doing that mind scanning now."
He saw her glare at him with anger in her eyes seen. 
Tom mouthed in response "For respects, I won't do what you ask me to do."
He got from Thura "Oath me you won't do this mind scanning bit to me. I don't care to remember what's scaring me terribly. I don't want to remember for respects."
He groaned softly and saw Thura's face become more glaring which he mouth "You have my oath Thura. I won't do this mind scanning for respects."
He clamped his mouth shut to eye Thura who got onto the bed to kneel followed by her finger spelling "You should be sleeping now. You look like you haven't been getting much rest by the blackness underneath your eyes. So go to sleep."
Tom obeyed to lie down shutting his eyes. He felt Thura's head on his chest not over his beater organ that was inside on his right side. He sighed feeling himself not inclined to sleep opened his eyes to eye the ceiling. He felt himself itching to wear the mask obeyed to mentally give the mind scan command towards Thura. He got Thura waking up yanking the mask off his face and slapping him repeatedly onto his cheeks repeatedly over and over in a fast move. Tom saw that she appeared to be angry followed by Thura getting up from the bed and standing to jab a finger aimed at him and towards the door to the bedroom. Tom groaned seeing her give him an angry glare on her face. He got up and walked out of the bedroom hearing Thura slamming the door behind him. He wandered around the palace seeing guards standing always having a blank expression on their faces seeing him. Tom groaned and went to the hedge garden's entrance. He saw the Queen sitting on a pillow crossed legged with her eyes shut. He grimaced fully as the guards noticing his arrival made gestures for him to leave by them jabbing fingers aimed at him and the palace doorway repeatedly. He saw the guards gave him angry glaring expressions as they repeated their finger gestures. Tom groaned softly and walked away hearing a snapping sound of twig being broken. He grimaced grabbing his head as he felt a vibration from behind giving him a terrible headache along with sleepiness hitting him. 
Tom continued to feel the vibration making his teeth chatter. He fell towards the ground shutting his eyes to come to feel hands rubbing his forehead. He discovered he was in a sitting position back leaning against a padded wall clad only in loose pants. Tom opened his eyes to stare at the hands' owner the Queen kneeling next to him who had an upset look on her face. He stared at the Queen as she rubbed his face with her hands all over. He didn’t resist as she pulled him forward towards her till his head was resting against her shoulder. He felt the Queen’s hands rub his back while hearing her give out a groaning like sound which he heard and recognized was the Keos’ way of crying another Moorra like emotion. He frowned as the Queen gently rocked their forms back and forth in a small motion while feeling her hands touch his back gently rubbing. Tom felt confusion hitting him with no memory of why the Queen was upset came to his mind. He frowned as the Queen quit her rocking and noises to get up while pulling him to stand. He finding himself towering over her height wise despite feeling confusion hitting him. Tom frowned as the Queen led him out of the padded room into an all one colored hallway. He frown as she took his hand and pulled him to a doorway where a female figured a Moorra he figured the species from the word Moorra spoken in his mind. He saw the Moorra was lying on a bed appearing to have a big stick out stomach in a rounded shape with her eyes closed. 
He eyed the Queen with confusion running through him who spoke "Put on the mask and scan this Pishon's mind. See if you can wake this Pishon up." 
He stared at the Queen feeling himself confused to her wording. Tom frowned as she placed an object over his mouth and nose while seeing her eyes turn an odd golden color. Tom stiffened as he recalled fully what the thing covering his noses and mouth was. His mask turning on his mental powers as he looked at the Moorra he figuring was her species. He gave the mind reveal command to scan the Moorra's mind to discover the Moorra was a female Keos dub females, Pishons from feminine voice tones heard of garbled words spoken. He looked in the Moorra's mind to find a glass icy cube with the Moorra inside banging away and looking trapped. Tom mentally attacked the walls of the cube picking it apart. 
His hand he saw mentally burst thru to touch her on the shoulder while hearing wording repeated "Maeve". 
Cube shatters as he saw while hearing the Maeve wording in the Moorra's mind a hallway with doors at both sides some open and some closed. He mentally walked down hallway to end to see a prickly spiny plant at the end standing in front of a door. He saw appearing besides him off his side is a plant looking flowery in black. He stiffened as his memory called the plant Peter a male voiced Meritanian. He saw Peter who with fronds grabs the spiny plant that moves poking his fronds. He watched as Peter lifts up the spiny plant and throws behind him and disappeared. Tom walked to door and opened it yanking door off door frame. He saw the Moorra female appear walking out of the door with smoke around her. He saw on his left a door that appeared with markings on it. He compelled to help her open it. He guided the Moorra to the door which she opened sliding it open as smoke pours out. Then he discovered himself out of her mind standing besides her lying form. Tom yanks off mask as the Moorra opens her eyes open waking up to stare at him with a confused expression on her face. He felt himself pulled away from the Moorra by the Queen. He saw a male Keo burst into room towards the Moorra grabbing her in a hug.
Tom frowned as the Queen got him out of the room despite drawn to watch. He frowned as the Queen gave him a golden eyed glare followed by feeling himself sleepy. He slid himself to the floor and shut his eyes.

Tom woke up with a frown on his face with confusion running through him. It took him a bit to orient himself to his surroundings. He recognized the room as the same one he stayed in the palace with the Queen. He got up from the bed and stared at the open doorway to the room and walked out. He wandered walking in corridors and hallways seeing Keos the Queen's guardian force standing around who stared at him with blank looks on their faces. Frowning he went outside to the hedge maze and saw at the entrance the Queen sitting in a cross legged position with eyes closed and head up. Standing besides her was her two guards’ one who put a finger to his lips seeing him. He nodded his head and quietly walked passed her entering the maze. He walked aimlessly taking a path walking in it came upon a dead end around a corner. He stiffened seeing a Moorra female and a Keo in a lip lock not noticing his arrival. He back tracked his way taking another path and left the maze entering the forest bordering it. 
He heard a familiar male voice speaking in his mind “There’s a cave entrance in the ground that leads to a Moorra nest. You’ll find among them a female named Tula who has wanted a better life for her despite some unusual mental abilities. She has hated the primitive Moorras’ way of life while living with the Moorra. She's domesticated by Keos but doesn't remember the domestication. Hence she hating the life she living with the Moorra at the moment. Tula isn't aware of the Keos domesticating Moorra despite already receiving domestication. She needs a reason to join the Keos’ life and an excuse to help adjust to the Keo way of life. Tula needs your help to achieve this goal and fully accept the domestication. I should tell you that the Moorra, Tula is living. They have figured out that she has mental abilities. The Moorra have used her abilities as a successful weapon against Keos and Banshees who try to enter the nest. Tula, I sense is not happy with being used as a weapon. She is being forced to do the weapon status by the Moorra withholding special plant food. She needs the plant food to survive while living among them. Her diet is twin to yours. The plant food is a way of keeping herself alive which the Moorra are using to keep her as a weapon.”
Tom heard the voice stop as he continued walking in the forest compelled to go into a direction he felt annoyance take hold.
He spoke "Why should I help this Tula? The Queen has balked doing anything to help me get acceptance from Keos and Moorra themselves. She has refused to listen to my complaints or do anything for me to gain acceptance. I think Tula is better off living where she's living. 
He heard the voice speak “Tula will accept you for helping her." 
He groaned loudly to halt his walking before mentally speaking "The restless natives of the city will see this Tula's mind changed by their mental mind tricks to reject me. The Keos always pull this trick onto any Moorra found to give me acceptance. I saw this stunt from their minds when I traveled in the city wearing my mask. This happened while I was alone in a carriage pulled by Drudnose."
Tom heard from the voice "The Moorra will accept you in their nest. You must use your mind walking abilities to convince Tula to join you in your world. Your abilities will help get her out of the nest.” 
He heard nothing else from the voice as he felt compelled to walk further into the forest. Tom felt his familiar deadness feeling in control of him making him grimace. He coughed loudly repeatedly as his eyes stared at a large circular appearing to be bare dirt spot in the ground in front of a tree. He saw the spot as if drawn footsteps away from him. 
He heard from the voice saying “That’s a cloth entrance to the cave.” 
He walked towards the spot while still coughing abruptly. Tom gasped for air while coughing as he squatted putting a hand on the spot. He felt the spot was like the voice said cloth. He coughed again as he with another hand pulled the cloth up to face a Moorra wearing raggedy animal skins with a wooden stick object in his hand. He stared at the Moorra who with a hand grabbed his arm pulling him into the cave entrance in a fast move. Tom found his coughing spasms remained while inside the cave. He blinked his eyes adjusting to the glowing glow balls in the wall to see steps in front of him going down. He felt a push from the Moorra male and saw him point to the steps. Tom coughed some more while going down the steps. He reached a cave entrance to see two Moorra males standing at both sides of it with glares on their faces when they saw him. He entered the cave unstopped and still coughing to see a large cave with a stream of water at his left. Tom saw multiple Moorra of male and female forms sitting around scattered around the cave. He saw Moorra looked at him with pitying looks on their faces as he kept coughing. He saw females sitting in a group in the middle of the cave. He spotted a female with domesticated Moorra like short hair he saw was tearing into a plant stem and chewing it in a fast motion. Tom frowned figuring out that the female was Tula herself as he kept coughing. He felt a hand grab his arm and didn’t protest as he was led to a cave wall. He was forced into a sitting position with his back to the wall facing a group of Moorra while still coughing. He saw a male walk up to Tula who finished eating a plant stem and squat while waving another plant stem in front of her face. He saw the male make hand gestures towards him and the plant along with a finger running the throat area seen. He leaned his back against the wall with a frown watching Tula reach a hand towards the plant only to get backhanded by the male's free hand. Tom kept his eyes on Tula as if drawn while still coughing. He saw Tula get up walking towards him as he continued to cough. He kept a blank look on his face as she reached him to kneel besides him with him eying her while coughing. 
Tom felt warmth of sun shine came into his body unexpectedly. He stiffened as a memory came to his mind despite feeling the warmth. He frowned as the memory showed himself at a younger age almost fully grown lying in bed. He saw that he was screaming in pain with bandages wrapped around his arms with tubes of the mask jutting from them. He remembering saw the Queen walk in his view from lying in the bed screaming who grimaced fully. Tom saw the Queen pick up his left arm where the injector was to put a syringe full of white liquid into it. He saw himself stopped screaming followed by appearing to form a look of pleasure on his face. Tom shook his head of the memory by coughing a spasm very hard. He stared at Tula as she brought a hand towards his chest. He sneezed abruptly and saw her jerk her hand back with a wide eyed look staring at him. He sneezed again several times and then coughed gasping while staring at her. He abruptly grabbed his oxygen mask and placed it on his face. He felt his mind walking power become active. He sensed Tula’s shock as he stared at her mentally scanning her mind. He easily burst through her defenses in her mind and brought the domestication by Keos fully into her memory. He heard the Tula name spoken in her mind confirming her as the one the voice was talking about. 
He mentally spoke knowing that she could hear him and get it his words from the domesticating programming in her “Tula, my name is Tom. Come with me.” 
He stared at Tula who placed a hand on his arm. 
Tom heard her mentally speak “I go Tom make bad Moorra sleep.” 
Tom looked away towards the Moorra gathered in a semi circle staring at him some with angry looks on their faces. 
He mentally spoke “Moorra except Tula, down.”
Moorra he saw fell towards the ground lying still and he stood up feeling Tula’s hand still on his arm. He left the cave to see three Moorra on the steps and repeated his mental order which the three fell towards the ground. He and Tula walked up the steps which he yanked the cloth open and walked out with her. 
Once out he yelled mentally “Moorra in cave are down!” 
He sensed Keos who appeared from behind bushes and trees surrounding him and Tula. He sensed a powerful mind walker from behind the Keos to get in front of him. He recognized as the Queen who yanked took Tula’s hand off his arm. 
He mentally spoke eyes staring at Tula's nervous ones “Tula, trust me you won’t be harmed.”
He walked till he was behind Tula and placed his hands on her shoulders while feeling her nervousness running throughout her. Tom felt his deadness remained despite holding Tula by the shoulders. Tula's height size made him feel a feeling of forgetting like he should remember something. He dismissed the feeling setting it aside. He saw the Queen walk in view and sensed her scanning Tula’s mind that stiffened at the scans. He rubbed Tula’s shoulders gently as the Queen was in front of Tula. He saw her place hands on Tula’s cheeks. He heard Tula give out a groan sound as he sensed the Queen scanning her mind deeply. The Queen he eyed monitoring finished her scans of Tula. 
He frowned as the Queen blared to him mentally "Take that mask off now."
Tom obeyed to yank the mask off along with resuming keeping his hands onto Tula's shoulders. He eyed the Queen who glared at a Keo who made a gesture to follow. He gently pushed Tula to follow while removing his hands. He found the Keo led them to a flying machine which they both got inside. He eyed the window feeling himself no longer coughing unexpectedly. He felt a thump of a fist into his stomach as he looked to find Tula giving him a Keo scolding gesture of a finger waving aimed at him. 
Tom frowned as Tula spoke "Tom bad fake illness. Not nice."
He frowned to look away resuming looking out the window as the flying machine brought them to the palace. 
Tom heard from voice "Take Tula to a hygiene room to get her cleaned up. She'll accept you this time. Her complaints via mind is disgust of how disgusting the clothes she's wearing is felt."
He obeyed to lead Tula to his bedroom into the hygiene room. He taught Tula how to use the hygiene room's functions then got waved out by her gesturing him to do it. Tom left Tula to clean herself alone. He felt the deadness feeling within him remain. He went to a drawer in the bedroom to find clothes. He pulled out Moorra female dress and shoes then went to the hygiene room to knock on the door. 
Tom spoke loudly after adjusting the door ajar hearing the rain cleaning on "I found clothes and footwear for you to wear. Where do you want me to put them?"
He heard from the voice "Just put them on the hand wash's counter. Let Tula find them herself."
He obeyed and walked out of the hygiene room shutting the door. Tom went to a chair to sit staring at the door to the hygiene room seemingly lengthy.
He felt himself sleepy unexpectedly shut his eyes to come to blaring in his mind "I have a mission for you so wake up now."

Tom sat in the flying machine as it took him to some sinister part of a forest that gave him a creepy feeling of being there before. He put on mask due to not meeting Keos around. He tracked a Moorra in a tree via mind. Tom stiffened as he senses the Moorra’s mind is alien and different from other Moorra's minds. He went to the Moorra's tree to gesture to come down his order obeyed. He spotted a striped four foot white and black striped gonoid arrive which his senses blare warning unexpectedly. 
Tom stiffened as he heard from the voice "You're in Stripy the gonoid's breeding grounds."
Keos he saw arrived and got the alien minded Moorra away. Tom stiffened as they grabbed his arms locking his hands behind him by hardness on his face. He felt them yanking his mask off his face making him dizzy. Tom shook his head of the dizziness as his legs were kicked into a kneeling position. He felt a foot kick him in the head making him more dizzy which he shut his eyes and kept his form still. Tom stiffened as he felt a large rough tongue licking his face after lying still for a lengthy time period. He shook his head and jerked his eyes open to stare at the Stripy gonoid that was licking his face repeatedly. He sat up as Stripy backed up giving a loud purring rumbling noise. He sighed as Stripy rubbed its head on his shoulder in a gentle motion. 
He sighed again thinking to himself from memory “Gonoids regardless of what they are, are always friendly with me and not so with others.”
Tom yanked at the cuffs pinning his arms behind his back. He with thrust movements found that they refused to budge from around his wrists. 
He grunted of annoyed sound to hear "Try the mental command, restraints off."
Tom frowned hearing the voice speaking who repeated its words. 
He spoke "Restraints off." 
Tom heard a click sound as the metal snapped off his wrists which he got up to stand. He stood up as Stripy rubbed its head on his leg. He gave Stripy's head a gentle rub while feeling it push its head in his hand. 
Tom heard in his mind the familiar voice speaking “Just use the sun's position as a guide to get you where to go. You should reach the Keos before nightfall.”
He sighed again and eyed the sun above seeing its position in the sky. He walked in the sun's direction walking in the forest with Stripy sensed walking besides him. He continued to walk till the sun got lower in the sky. Tom reached a dirt road which Stripy stopped escorting by turning around bounding into the forest disappearing from his eyes sight. Tom exhaled a breath as he continued to walk on the pathway walking by houses till he reached the city. He felt disgust take hold as he noticed the Keos looking at him with narrowed eyed looks while in the city. He sensed them giving off anger towards him as he walked further. He eyed Moorra who looked at him with different emotions on their faces some having pity in their eyes as he walked by them.  Tom reached the palace to walk inside. He felt a pull feeling which he allowed to take control guided by it till he reached a door. He opened the door to see a familiar Moorra female his mind called her Thura inside sitting in a chair holding a boy child his mind called him Thurin with a worried expression on her face. He walked inside closing the door and saw Thura’s worried expression change to relief seeing him. He felt himself happy again with deadness leaving as Thura darted from the chair holding Thurin and ran to him. He sighed feeling Thura’s arm go around him as he felt Thurin’s small hands touch his chest while he was being hugged in a tight grip by Thura. Tom sighed feeling himself happy again from Thura's hug and his son's touch. He heard Thura yawn loudly as he looked at her. He eyed Thura who put Thurin into a crib bed for babies before going to the bed to sleep. He sighed as he got into the bed and hugged Thura despite feeling like he was forgetting something hitting him. Tom felt himself confused but dismissed the feeling as he shut his eyes. He woke up with a start finding Thura and Thurin gone from the room with memory of them in the room before he fell asleep. Tom figured that Thura took a walk around the palace while holding Thurin. He sighed to walk out of the bedroom to find a guard halting his walk. 
Tom frowned as the guard made finger spelling gestures he finding himself understanding "Do you know who Thura and Thurin are?"
He spoke "Thura is a Moorra Pishon. Thurin is her son her offspring a Moorra Gihon she wants me to help raise. Hence she living with me in the palace."
Tom got from the guard still using finger spelling "Be warned that Keos have treated Moorra with acceptance from the Queen such as Thura and Thurin in a bad way. The bad way is purposely harming the Queen accepted people to die from medical ailments."
Tom frowned as he spoke "Well have you seen Thura and her son? I like to see if I can protect them from the city's natives."
He stiffened as the guard finger spelled "Thura's in the city with Thurin. She was seen walking out of the palace abruptly. Mind scans of her indicated that she was going to a shop that sells items called books to find something to read. I suggest you hurry and find her before the Keos assumed the Queen have accepted her."
Tom darted away from the guard which he jogged in the palace to the entrance to the city. He found his way blocked by a guard acting combative by repeatedly blocking his way and thrusting his stick weapon aimed at him. Tom felt anger as the guard continued his blockade. 
He yanked on mask and mentally spoke "Down."
Tom saw the guard hit the floor ran out of the palace while yanking off mask. He reached the edge of the city to look around with eyes searching all over the place. He saw Keos make threatening gestures towards him whenever he looked in their direction. Tom recalled the guard talking about books went to find the shop. He found Thura come out of a shop carrying Thurin she didn't seem to notice him despite yelling for her repeatedly. He found Thura ignored his yelling to his annoyance by walking away from him not noticing him screaming her name. He saw a Keo behind Thura holding a knife looking weapon and appearing to try to get her throat cut from behind despite she moving all over the place. He activated his mental abilities to get objects from booth thrown at the Keo. He walked near Thura to see her turn around with a confused expression on her face. He frowned as the Keo dropped the knife falling to the ground in some mock pain way by the behavior. 
He yanked off the mask to yell loudly "You Keos are to leave Thura and her son alone! Spare them of the conflict and pick on me instead!" 
Tom got a Keo male in response throwing fists aimed at him as he used combative moves to block the male's fisting. 
He grabbed the Keo’s wrists with both hands only to get the Keo freeing himself to resume punching. 
Tom glared at the Keo to speak "Your fisting aimed at me in response to the Queen accepting me is not going to solve anything."
He saw the Keo shift into a manoid his mind screamed at him the word "Banshee!" 
Tom felt himself confused to seeing that as he heard loud gasps sounds all around him in Moorra toned voices. He felt a stinging pain in his neck along with sleepiness to see the Banshee collapse onto the ground as if still. He felt himself too sleepy hit the ground going unconscious. He dreamed of himself standing in darkness with see through windows forming a box all around him. Tom frowned as the windows kept being shattered by a plant that looks familiar to him. He felt confusion to why a plant would keep breaking the windows surrounding him as darkness replaced the scene. 

Tom came to finding himself in a familiar room having pads he felt from his back leaning against the room's walls. He felt himself wearing instead of his blue top but some kind of thick cloth on his upper body that had his arms restrained in a folded position. He looked around while leaning back against the wall in a sitting position. He got up hearing a familiar door opening sound to see the Queen come in with guards. Tom grimaced inwardly as he saw that the Queen has an angry look on her face. He sensed that she seems furious with him about something from his senses blaring about it. 
He stood staring at the Queen who speaks "I'm furious with the latest stunt you pulled onto the Keos. The stunt is getting a Keo to reveal a Banshee form that have Moorra refusing to do anything with the Keos at the moment. The Moorra have some bad attitude towards Banshees enough to do avoid the Banshee species hence they avoiding Keos like their sick with a contagious sickness. I had to fix the damage you caused. I had to fix the damage by trying to get the Moorra to believe that Banshees can shift forms into manoids as they wish. The Moorra witnessing the stunt you pulled are for some unexplained reason aren’t believing my explanation. They are thinking from mind scans that my explanation is nothing but a tall tale. The Moorra have refused to drop that thought or keep their mouths shut about the incident. That despite the witnessing Moorra who saw your stunt have refused to be quiet. Those Moorra in response has been blabbing the incident to other Moorra they meet who didn’t witness the scene. The Moorra have been overheard saying that Keo and Banshee are the same species which is a tall tale. The Moorra who were told of this Keo and Banshee connection by mind scans have believed their words at face value without questioning for evidence. What do you have to say for your defense Tom?"
He spoke seeing the Queen's glare become glaring "One of the guards just prior to I leaving the palace warned me that Keos give Moorra accepted by you a bad medical ailment. I saw a Keo behind Thura acting threatening towards her as in attempting to cut her throat via knife weapon. I put the Keo attempting to attack Thura to sleep. I told the Keos to leave her and her son Thurin alone and pick the conflict with me. I'm not sure what's going on with the Banshee revealing his form anyway."
Tom frowned as the Queen gave off a Keo sound of disgust very loudly. 
She spoke "The Keo behind Thura never acted threatening towards her. He only had a stick weapon in his hand. He wasn’t really doing anything threatening towards Thura. This is according to witnesses and mind scans of Moorra seeing them. The Keo in question was attacked by you as in objects thrown at him knocking him out. You provoked that hidden Banshee to reveal himself by fighting him. You were heard talking about me accepting you which got the Banshee from mind scans provoked. The Banshee changed form from being furious with you which resulted in that stunt happening."
Tom opened his mouth to protest only to get the Queen holding up a hand and adding "You better have a good reason to keep you alive. I'm considering doing what the Keo have been demanding for since the stunt which is put you down permanently. The Moorra have been protesting to those demands very violently whenever they hear of such talk from a Keo. The Moorra have mostly reacted as in getting into fights with the Keos after their told of the put down demand towards you. They from mind scanned don’t want you put down permanently instead kept alive. They are seeing you as some kind of leader for Moorra to revolt against me and my rule. What do you have to say about this?" 
Tom saw the Queen fold her arms in a Keo way as she gave him a glare. He recalled a memory of how Thura's son Thurin treated him including raised by the Queen. 
Tom spoke "Thurin, Thura's son has appeared to accept me as a Father figure from him needing his parents in his life to raise him including giving him acceptance. I was denied that opportunity by you raising me. I never once felt that you truly accepted me. I felt like my parents never had any say in my life while growing up raised by you-"
He was interrupted from the Queen "That's not a good enough reason for keeping you alive. You have defied me when you let your own body control you in having some mating interests in Thura. You were raised to refrain from letting the body's urges control you as you grew up. I'm getting fed up with you letting your own body control you instead of letting your mind do the controlling. I figured that the stunt was resulted of your body senses cued towards Thura that caused you to create this big mess in the first place." 
He blurt "For respects, don’t do the put down onto me!" Don't have my son be raised without his own father in his life-"
He got interrupted by the Queen "Too bad. My mind is made up. Tom has outlived his usefulness anyway. I'm proceeding with the put down as planned." 
He pleads "Don’t do this."
Tom kept on repeating his comments as he saw the Queen’s eyes turn golden making him think of Banshees. This was followed by feeling of dizziness hitting him cutting his talking. He felt a terrible headache along with black spots forming in his eyes sight becoming numerous blinding him. Tom felt himself hitting the padded floor as if compelled and remained still. He felt his body protest in pain sore all over while still restrained by the cloth. He felt a shoed foot connect with his head repeatedly. 
He ignored the footing only to hear "You're not really put down, Tom so wake up." 
Tom shook his head and felt another foot connect with his stomach as feet are kicking at him all over. He woke up shaking his head to see himself surrounded by Keo all males who he sensed were angry at him and are kicking him in their anger. He saw one hold up a hand and found the kicking stop. Tom eyed the Keo warily as two pick up him forcing him onto his feet and yank him out of the room. He felt them hauling him to a grey room he recognized as an elevator while followed by two other Keos. Tom frowned wondering what was going on and why he’s still alive. The elevator was felt by Tom going down lengthy. Tom frowned as the elevator stopped followed by doors opening to show a hallway with red lines shining in it. He exhaled a breath seeing the red lines get turned off followed by lights above turning on illuminating the hallway. He saw that there weren't any doors or windows in the wall on both sides of him. Tom felt himself yanked down the hallway towards a set of doors at the end. The doors he saw slid open showing a tan brown room. Tom stiffened as he saw a familiar round metal arch in the middle having cloudiness in the middle he figured is a way to put him down permanently. He wound up struggling in the Keos’ hand holds figuring out that their going to throw him through the gated arch. He wound up hit on the back of the head by an object that felt like weapon giving him jolts of pain repeatedly making him shut his eyes from the pain. Tom blinked his eyes as he came to falling out of a cylinder tube landing on the ground that felt like echoes onto it from banging onto it. The light he saw was dim. He felt the cloth restraint gone from him. He felt the oxygen mask and tubes are still attached to him to his relief. He got up looking around finding himself standing in a hallway having lighted cylinders holding Moorra in them in his line of sight. He stiffened as he recalled scanning Thura's mind and seeing this scene in her memory. Tom figured to himself that he was somewhere else alien and not with the Keo. He saw on the ground a flat manoid shape of grey near him. He heard noises of a crowd to him followed it. He wound up walking passed cylinder tubes that were holding Moorra in them of various male and female forms. He continued to follow the noise till he saw a light become brighter. Tom found the light's source leads to a round arch with clouds between it and walks through. He found himself in a large vast circular room holding multiple too many to count manoids seated all in a circle. He wound up hearing some loud noise blaring along with a voice speaking in an alien language.
He found himself understanding as the word Basic came to mind " Entry, Mediterranean galaxy." 
He got his arms grabbed by two towering overhead manoids and sees a third manoid having a gonoid head different from the twin manoids.
Tom stiffened from the twin manoids' ironclad clawed grips onto his arms with one hand tight onto the area. He glared at the twin manoids seeing them look familiar as the word hybrid came to mind. 
He heard a male voice sounding alien speaking language he get the words "Anybus, bring the First One forwards to us." 
He found himself pushed by the twins he assumed were they towards one end of the vast room by crossing it. He saw where the twins were leading him and frowned visibly from Thura’s memory of her encountering them running in his mind. He saw two familiar alien manoids, one with a male form and the other with a female form both standing in front on steps. Behind the two he saw nine covered up in entirely white clothing hiding their species, manoids sitting in chairs. He stared at the manoids while feeling his mind scanned by headache coming to him. He saw the two manoids bow their heads followed by the covered up people waving gloved hands while wagging their heads making gestures. Their hand gestures he saw didn't make sense to him. He figured that the manoids were communicating with each other in a discussion. He continued to watch the manoids do their communicating that seemed lengthy. This was followed by the manoids in front raise their heads he seeing that. He felt the headache stop as if his mind was stopped scanned to his relief. 
The male manoid was heard speaking in Basic he figuring out was the name of the language "Anybus and guards force this First One through the gate. He’s flawed with some kind of medical condition hence he wearing a breathing device stuck to his arms on his chest."
He found the twins pull him to a metal gated arch he figured was called a gate next to the manoids' seating are. He felt himself pushed through the gate as he got an image of the Keos’ gate room flash in his mind. Tom came through the gate to find himself in the Keos' gate room as the image in his mind flashed him to go through. He heard a faint siren like sound sounding which he walks towards the doors. He stiffened to find the doors open showing the familiar hallway. Tom continued to walk through the hallway recalling stairs somewhere. He found a door indicating on stairs but heard a humming sound coming from it. He sensed the humming sound is giving off something that would hurt him. He heard the elevator doors open followed by running footsteps heading towards him. Tom turned around finding three Keos armed with gun weapons that cock them while running towards him. He felt anger yanked on the oxygen mask and as the Keos stop and aim their guns at him. He blinked his eyes finding the scene changed to find himself in the throne room. The Queen he saw was there looking angry by the expression on her face. 
He gave her a glare as the Queen spoke "Werra, you shouldn’t have done what you did to Tom. I insists you let the guards handle putting him down permanently."
He felt rage overtook him mentally ordered the guards in the room to hit the floor and finds his order obeyed.
Tom aimed his angry eyes at the Queen and snarled mentally "You pulled your last stunt against me. My toleration to this attitude done onto me has now ended. I had an enough with the Keo and their attitude towards me. I figured that you have been the one responsible for their behavior and hasn’t been doing anything to stop it"
He heard from the Queen mentally "It’s the Keo doing that attitude towards you themselves-"
He interrupted "You haven't done enough to stop them. I figured that I’ll have to put down Keos permanently if they continue to display that attitude towards me. I had an enough."
He heard from the Queen still using mental talk "Putting down Keos permanently isn't going to work. It’ll make the Keos more angry enough to reject you-"
He interrupted "I don't care anymore. You have proved that you don't seem to care about me anymore. You have repeatedly allowed the Keos to pull their stunts on onto including trying to kill me. Perhaps I should punish them by making them suffer without having you to lead them. I’ll do what it takes to keep the Keos from getting a replacement to you once I succeeds in putting you down. I don't care if I pay for the put down with my life."
He ignored the Queen's mental chatter he not paying attention to them. He scanned the Queen’s mind finding his scans getting blocked by very strong resistance. He found himself out of her mind abruptly by a clawed hand feeling Banshee like touching his cheek. Tom found himself scanning the Banshee’s mind abruptly as if drawn. He shut his eyes from the assault of the Banshee’s mind’s contents running through his mind. Tom wound up recognizing the Banshee is Geelley himself from seeing forgotten memories of himself seen through Geelley’s eyes. He sensed Werra's manipulating of Geelley’s mind for him to see something. He saw another eyes sight point of view of multiple Keos attacking a hugely pregnant Moorra female he saw with recognition was his own Mother. He saw the Keos' cut his Mother open where the baby was inside and yanking himself as a baby from a hole inside her. He continued to see the eyes sight staring at his Mother as the baby is yanked. 
He heard a female voice sounding pleading "For respects put me down permanently. I can’t live with that I mated with a Banshee." 
Tom heard her words repeated over and over as the eyes sight puts a gun at her head while hearing a male voice yell verbalizing "No don’t do it! I'll have my son kill you if you went through with the put down!
He heard a male voice speaking "She wants to die. I'm granting her pleading."
He saw the gun fire shooting his Mother in the head and saw her death followed by the memory stopping. He felt the mask yanked from his face along with the hand off his cheek making him dizzy. He shook his head of the dizziness to find himself in the Queen's throne room grabbed by guards. He saw the Queen jerk her head as the guards got a hold of his arms pulling him with resistance towards a doorway in the room. 
Tom yelled out loudly "You and your mind link to Pishons had the ability to stop me from my attacks on the natives including killing a Keo! You didn’t stop me from doing the killing!"
He kept struggling against the guards' hand holds while yanking himself towards the Queen as he continued to yell "The Pishons should have stopped me in the first place!"
He felts sleepiness felt his struggles stop as he continued to yell "It's not nice that I wasn’t stopped from killing a Keo! Now the Keo are angry at me for the death! 
Tom felt himself let go abruptly followed by seeing the floor rushing to meet him and he shut his eyes falling asleep to find himself floating above his sleeping body lying on the floor. He saw the Banshee in the vicinity shifted its form into a Keo to his confusion. 
He heard from the Keo sounding of Geelley to him unexpectedly sounding angry "What does Tom meant that Your Majesty and Pishons with your mind link could stop him from harming Keos? What's he babbling about Pishons didn’t do anything to prevent him from killing a Keo? I was scanning Tom’s mind. I could see clear in his mind the killing of my Father was urged by some male voice that sounded Meritanian to me. Tom’s Father despite claiming to have Tom kill my Father wasn't him doing it. It was judging by the sound of this voice I've been hearing in Tom's mind who has been communicating with him. This voice compelled ordered mentally ordering Tom to kill my Father along with making him do it. It was for my Father killing his Mother and using that as an excuse to have my Father die by Tom’s hand along with seeing that someone else other than Thurin gave him memories of my Father killing Tom’s Mother." 
He watches Geelley glare at the Queen who walks in view to stand next to his sleeping body form. 
He heard from the Queen "I made a flaw on not knowing that my mind link with Pishons would be enough to stop Tom. He pointed it out when he scanned a Pishon’s mind and yelled that for me to know of it. I find it odd that Tom would listen to a Gihon's Keo’s mental voice orders whenever he has the mask on while in an angry mood. I've known Tom too well enough to know that he has the ability to keep Gihon Keos out. He's known for not listening to the Gihons talk to him whenever he’s in a bad mood while wearing the mask on. I find this behavior odd that this happened. I want to know what you meant by Tom seeing his Mother die and that it wasn’t Thurin’s point of view." 
He continued to watch as Geelley walks up to the Queen and pointed to his cheek with a gloved hand and spoke "See for yourself Your Majesty."
He watched as the Queen put a hand on Geelley’s cheek. He kept watching as the Queen yanked her hand off Geelley’s cheek loudly snarling in an angry tone "Blast you! I should have suspected that fool for pulling that stunt. I now figured out what's going to cause Tom to fall for a talk telling him to put down a Keo including what happened to cause that to happen. The fool has explaining to do and I want a very good explanation and wants it now."
Tom saw the scene go black to wake up in his body with a loud gasp loudly finding himself lying on the floor. He sat up to see the Queen and Geelley glaring in one direction at something. He looked and sees with confusion that their staring at a large potted plant in front of the wall. He saw with shock that the potted plant resembled Werra from memory of the plant but is a smaller version. 
He heard from the Queen "Talk Peter. Don’t tempt me to shred the kid to pieces if you don’t talk."
He frowned at the name Peter hears a male voice sounding in his mind that sounds familiar speaking "What do you expects me to say?" 
He stiffened as he recalled the voice had always blared into his mind on occasion without identifying himself. 
The Queen he heard loudly speaks "Peter, you stinking Meritanian had to play this joke on me to trash what I valued from you not able to use words to express some anger towards me." 
He heard the male voice he figured is Peter a mind walking plant like Werra speaking "You should listen to me and Werra next time we suggest something for you to do for Keos instead of ignoring us both. Also dismissing our ideas and advice as nothing but a joke for we know things more than what you knows yourself. That knowledge included things about the others planet bound that we know of by mind scanning. You don't even know of this knowledge. You haven't bothered to scan manoids' minds when we're talking about a subject we expect you to do."
He heard from the Queen "Peter, you made the mess in the first place so you're fixing it. I expects everything fixed up." 
He heard from Peter "I already did some fixing of the mess you says I made. The Keos’ attitudes is fine enough towards this Moorra dubs Tom." 
He felt his mood flatten hearing Peter's words as Peter added "I have for awhile suspected that the Keo and Banshees are the same species. It's the why reason for you have a curfew and keeping the Moorra's freedom in the forests limited. I have never seen both Keo and Banshee together hanging around but only at separate occasions. I also figured out the reason why Gihon Keos always have gloves on due to that their hands are twins to Banshees."
Tom felt his mood become bad as he glared at the Queen who ignored him glaring. 
He heard Peter continued "I saw Tom’s eyes and saw that they were Banshee like. Tom’s mental abilities detected via mind scans of bringing down manoids knocking them out was twin to the mental abilities of Banshees doing that. This was indicating to me Keo and Banshee as the same species something I didn’t believe at first till one of the Keo did that stunt in front of my kid. I now know this is not a joke but actual fact."
Tom felt Peter stopping his words by familiar senses blaring his mind was ceased being scanned. He eyed the Queen who shifted her eyes to look at him before giving off a Keo sound of disgust making his mood plummet further. 
He glared at the Queen who "Tom, get to Thura and get a shirt on while you're at it and see about getting some nourishment too and do it now without delay."
He noticed Geelley looking at him with a glare. 
Tom spoke "I think I would have spared your Father’s life if the Keos had bothered to give me what my Mother was thinking just prior to being shot to death. I would have put aside my anger-"
He was interrupted by the Queen blaring "Tom get out now!"
He obeyed to leave the throne room thinking to himself "How can I get to Thura and get nourishment anyway?"
He felt a pulling sensation felt compelled him towards a direction in the palace obeyed to find it lead him to a door open a bit and yanked it open to peer inside. He saw the room is a bedroom. He found Thura on the bed at the foot with Thurin asleep on her lap seeing her finger spelling to a Pishon Moorra on the bed at the back leaning back against the headboard. The Pishon Moorra he saw was holding a blanketed bundle in her arms he frowned feeling drawn to enter the room to see. He saw the Pishon look at him and look at Thura mouthing to her some wording without the voice. He recalled Thura ignoring his yelling to figure out that she had no listening ability. He saw Thura look at him as he entered the room towards the Pishons on the bed. He eyed Thura feeling himself happy to see her. 
He reached the bed followed by Thura finger spelling towards the Pishon as she looks at the Moorra "It's my mate friend Tom who's helping me care for Thurin."
He frowned as the Pishon spoke using her voice "Interesting. There should be something in the dresser drawer for him to wear as a top. I think the Queen hates it when Gihons go around bare topped." 
He formed a frown on his face as Thura looked in his direction and watches her point towards the dresser next to the bed. He sighed and went to it yanking open the top drawer to find something resembling his top in it. He yanked the cloth out and found that it was his shirt. Tom put the shirt on his form latching it around the tubes in his arms along with finding the injector, the feeding tube still in his arm to his relief. He felt himself needing nourishment closed the drawer and turned to face Thura looking at him. 
He mouthed "Did the Queen left any nourishment for me to take around here?"
 Tom got her pointing at the dresser again which he turned around. He opened the middle drawer and found numerous rows of cylinder vials holding their familiar white liquid in them to be put in a needle syringe to put into his feeding tube. He found the needle syringe picked it up along with a vial tube putting it together. He went to Thura gesturing for her to inject him once he reached her. Tom sighed softly as she took the syringe and he watched her inject the syringe into the injector. He sighed seeing the syringe's white liquid go down going into the injector into him. He wound up feeling himself getting much better from the nourishment along with feeling relieved which he sighed from that. He heard from the Pishon as Thura removed the syringe that he looked like he could use more than one injection. 
He groaned getting Thura finger spelling "Get another vial now. Your face has that blackness again."
He saw Thura pointed a finger at Thurin appearing to be awake and cooing sounds heard from the offspring as she added "Thurin's a mind walker. He seems to know that I don't have any listening abilities. He told me what Maeve said."
Tom frowned getting that talk from Thura which he stared at Thurin who made a gesture with his hand towards his mouth and points a finger at him. 
He heard from Peter abruptly "You weren't fed after the Queen faked putting you down which was by a needle dart hitting his neck till now. That about a good amount of nourishment will help you get back to full strength as evidence by your face showing when your body had enough to be fed for now."
He didn't comment a response as Peter was felt quitting his scans of his mind. He went to the dresser yanking out a handful of vials he could fill via his hand's grip. He went to Thura and stopped in front of her with hand out unclenched around the vials. He shuts his eyes bowing his head as he felt the vials leave his hand while feeling himself sighing a lot. Tom felt feelings within him that suggested his body was getting back to strength and happy to have the nourishment in him. He closed his hand over triplet vials left once he felt he had enough. 
He opened his eyes raising his head to stare at Thura speaking for her to lip read and Maeve he figures is the Pishon's name to hear him "I feel like I had enough but will take more if you think my appearance suggests other wise."
Tom got from Thura a scrutiny look and frowned as she stared at him with narrowed eyes before she finger spelled "You look like your fine and healthy so I'm not going to protest to your declaration." 
He sighed to get handed back the empty vials and syringe which he took and put in the dresser drawer then shut it. 
He walked back to Thura with arms folded looking at her and sees her looking at him he spoke "Who’s the Pishon here that you friended?" 
He heard from the Pishon "My name is Maeve. I have my daughter held in my arms who's named Geva. Her Father is a Keo dubbed Geelley. The baby is recently born. It took Peter overheard talking to Geelley and the Queen to keep me around to raise the baby. Peter was emphasizing that some Gihon Moorra was feeling cheated out of not having his own parents raising him. Would that be you, Tom?" 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth then inhaled before speaking using his voice "I'm the Gihon Moorra, Peter was talking about. It was the Queen who raised me all my life with only Gihon influences were from the guards. There was nothing revealed to me about my parents. I recalled when I reached my size I am now I wasn't fooled by the Queen’s claims that my parents couldn’t raise me. I figured out something bad happened to them from the way the Queen talked to me about it along with putting me off from finding out more about my parents. I found out later after meeting Thura that several Keos were seen yanking me out of my Mother before she could birth me naturally via memories of a Keo getting into me. One of the Keos who did the job wound up putting my Mother down as in shooting her in the head with a projectile gun. The Queen confessed that she made that Keo in question raise Thura herself with own offspring one turning out to be Geelley."
He noticed Thura's confused look made him frown while seeing that Maeve was not surprised by what he was talking about
Tom added feeling a compulsion to talk words coming out shocking him "I later put down that Keo who put down my Mother. I had no contact with my Father all my life despite him being alive. The Queen admitted to me once I was grown that my Father was locked up. He has been in lock up in the asylum after I was born and was later freed from there. This happened before the Queen approved my relationship with Thura enough to allow us to mate that created our son Thurin in the process who’s named after my Father." 
Tom eyed Thura as he forced himself to pause from speaking seeing her look confused as he formed the expression on his face. 
He spoke again feeling the compulsion gone "Sorry this talk came out of me unexpectedly. I'm not even sure of what I'm talking about anyway."
He eyed Thura to see Thurin thrust his arms up towards him which she got up from the bed and handed him the child he gripped in a gentle grip in his arms. Tom frowned as Maeve he saw slumps over as if put to sleep including Thura hitting the floor. He kept the frown as Thurin was felt falling asleep in his arms. He placed Thurin onto the bed and went to pick up Thura only to feel a clawed hand belonging to a Banshee from the feel touch his neck in a choke hold. Tom gasped for air from the Banshee's choke hold feeling himself going unconscious only to wake up feeling anger running through him. He opened his eyes finding the Banshees had gathered around him in a full circle. He threw himself up to stand in a trained combative acrobatic move. Tom looked around seeing a Banshee separate from the rest charging at him with hands in swiping movements. He placed a hand on his mask only to feel compelled to fight the Banshee’s charge using trained combat moves against the Banshee while it keeps its swiping aimed at him. He figured from the hands aimed at him that it's trying to grab his neck. He found himself compelled to do the same while blocked. The Banshee to his annoyance gets the upper hand to grab him by the neck gagging him hard while feeling zapping electricity hitting the area. Tom saw the Banshee change into a Gihon Keo whose hand on his neck becomes more ironclad gagging him. 
He spoke firmly while gasping for air "I yield." 
He heard from Peter "Scan Tom's mind using the Banshee form in control. There'll be no defenses blocking you."
He saw the Keo obeyed and felt his mind scanned to see clearly in his mind his eyesight point of view and six other Keos sneak attack a Gihon Keo and a Pishon Moorra from behind. He saw in his mind the Keos using guns was whackers to get the two down onto the ground which he stiffens recognizing the female Moorra as his Mother Tomah. He continued to watch as the eyes sight point of view yanked the Keo made dress of Tomah. He kept on stiffening as the Keo used a knife to cut her swollen abdomen open and yank Tom himself out as a baby before standing up. 
The eyes sight focuses on Tomah’s face hearing her mental voice "For respects kill me. I mated with a Banshee and want to die."
He saw a Keo come into view as a male voice sounding like Thurin his Father plead loudly words as he recalled "No don't it! Don't kill her!"
 He eyed the Keo he recognized to be Geellen shoots Tomah in the head killing her followed by a scream of anguish before becoming silent. 
He heard a voice sounding in his mind "You didn’t have to shoot the Moorra for it wasn’t ordered."
Tom heard from Geellen sounding sarcastic "The Queen won’t find out anyway." 
The eyes sight watched Geellen walk towards Thurin on the ground appearing to look like sleeping with form shifting back and forth from Keo and Banshee. 
Followed by bushes rumbling sounds which the eyes sight looks away to see the Queen come into view looking annoyed and speaking "I didn’t expect you to kill the Moorra."
The familiar male voice spoke "Geellen shot the Moorra. The Pishon was heard pleading to die using the excuse of mating with a Banshee as why."
Tom heard Geellen's voice sounding in an odd tone "Betrayer!" 
He continued to watch as the Queen sounding angry "The job of killing the Moorra was by the Moorra’s own hand and not by Keo" 
He watched as the eyesight went to the Queen walking up to her and appeared to kneel while holding up baby version of Tom and speaking "The impossible has happened."
Tom saw the Queen took baby Tom by the leg dangling him with a look of disgust on her face making him feel anger arriving. 
He heard the Queen add "Geellen, you're out of my guardian force. I’ll think of a suitable punishment later." 
He saw the memory he assumed the scene in his mind went away after he blinked his eyes abruptly as if compelled. Then he saw another memory of showing the familiar eyes sight in the throne room eyeing the Queen seated in a throne chair. He saw sitting in her lap was a young naked Gihon Moorra child he recognized as himself asleep leaning against her. He grimaced seeing the Queen had a glare on her face which the eyesight shifts towards the doorway to show two Keos of both genders enter the room. The female he saw was holding a young Moorra child appearing to be a female asleep in her arms. He figured the child is Thura as the couple reach the Queen and the male speaks "We have found this Moorra a Pishon in the forest as guided by Werra and Peter. We scanned the Moorra’s mind to figure out that this Pishon has lost her listening ability from being near the launch site of our orbiter. The noise of the launch destroyed her listening organ causing them to leak fluid from tests was essence. We have tested her already. Her listening organs have appeared to be completely destroyed. We suspect that her talking ability was also affected making her silent. That's due to that when the Moorra threw an apparent childish tantrum in front of us she wasn’t making any noises at all."
He heard the familiar male voice sounding odd eyes shift towards the Queen speak "Geellen should raise her as punishment for shooting Tom’s Mother despite the death actually mercy killing. Your Majesty has yet to give out a suitable punishment towards Geellen despite having him thrown out of the guardian force. ".
Tom watched as the Queen shift to glare at the eyes sight hearing "Silence with your talk, guard."
He saw the eyesight the Queen shifted to glare at the couple then and appeared to cock her head with some glare on her face then spoke "Geellen will have the responsibility of raising Thura the Moorra child. Her name will be Thura and she will be raised as with his own offspring. I'll put aside the fact that Geellen disobeyed my orders if he does what I insists on being done without a single complaint."
Tom saw the memory went black as he felt the mask that was on his face he confused to how it got there yanked off. He felt the Keo removed his tight ironclad hand grip from his neck he gasped for air loudly along with shutting his eyes feeling dizzy and felt himself passing out asleep. 

Tom came to finding himself lying on a bed wearing his regular clothes on his form he feeling confused to why he was lying there. He opened his eyes to see it was nighttime. He looked around the room with green eyes sight to spot Thura lying next to him on the bed. He stared at as she woke up abruptly with eyes looking disorient and appearing like she can’t see him. Tom watched her lurch up in a sitting position with hands out in front of her waving while acting panicky. He figured that she can’t see in the dark adjusts his position to turn on the lamp on the dresser next to the bed. He shifted to sit up staring at Thura who look at him with some expression of fear changing to relief. He didn't complain as she hugs him abruptly which he hugs back. He sighs from the feel of her hug hold around him. Tom groaned from Thura stopping her hugging him as she got up from the bed. He watched her go to the crib to pick up Thurin in it standing with arms up and carried him back to the bed to sit down and lie down putting Thurin between them. 
He frowned thinking to himself "Thura always slept with a light source on the whole time I was with her in Shadan."
He felt himself confused to the wording of Shadan in his thoughts. He sighed and left the lamp on while lying down adjusting his position to stare at Thura lying on her side looking at him back. 
He mouths seeing her looking at him "What do you remember happened to you after Geelley arrived in the room to see Maeve?"
He frowned as she finger spelled "I recalled feeling compelled to sleep which I did that. I don't know what else happened after that till I woke up lying in bed blind in the dark and panicking on where I was till you turned on the lamp. I stopped being so panicky seeing you next to me in the room along with Thurin in his crib."
He frowned to nod his head a short bob and saw a questioning look on her face which he mouthed "The Queen should have ordered a guard to leave a lamp on after you fell asleep when they put you in our bedroom. You from the looks of what I saw can’t see in the dark"
.He didn't say anything else as Thura continued to stare at him with a frown followed by her finger spelling "What happened while you was out? I want the whole story. I'm not happy with you not honestly admitting things to me. I have to find out from Thurin blabbing the talk to me. Thurin is able to talk to the Queen I saw her mouth about you, Thurin overheard talking about insisting that gonoids are always friendly with you."
Tom formed a glare as Thura continued ignoring his face's looks "The guards wound up not acting friendly towards me when I went to find the Queen to figure out what Thurin was babbling about. I found the Queen and found Thurin talking to her by lip reading the Queen’s talk. She confessed that you were put down in some sleepiness in breeding grounds of gonoids said to target manoids as nourishment. So talk on what's going on."
He exhaled a breath through his mouth as Thura’s expression became a glare as she stopped her finger spelling to put her hand on Thurin’s front that remained sleeping. 
He mouthed "It was a trap by the Keos to dump me into breeding grounds belonging to a manoid eating gonoid dubbed Stripy. They put me in a sleepiness status before taking off. A Stripy wound up finding me and wound up waking me up by licking my face and acting really friendly like a domesticated gonoid. The Stripy even accepted me petting it and followed me domestically to a road before running off."
Tom paused from talking to see Thura shut her eyes in response and sensed that she had fallen asleep. He shut his eyes to wake up finding himself cold while lying on a low grass field that is vast in all directions with something that makes him think of mountains on the horizon. He spotted a black cloud in a cylinder like shape rising up on the horizon in the fading sun light. He felt draw to the cloud started walking towards it. He heard Keos on Drudnoses' back by their Drudnose's armor on their form clanking loudly coming from behind him. 
Tom eyed the Keos warily as they halted their riding to hear blared in his mind making him feel anger unexpectedly "The Queen sent us and who Moorra willing to help to capture a Moorra that has been eluding us for awhile. We could use all the help we could get so get onto one of our rider gonoids now."
Tom obeyed to get onto Drudnose back behind a Keo and held on tightly as the gonoids ran near the funnel cloud. He saw the source was an eater light winking as he and the Keos got nearer and nearer. He saw a figure covered up in odd gonoid skin like clothing is sitting next to the fire as the sunlight goes away. This was followed by the figure appearing to be Gihon darting up in a standing position holding some long knife blade like weapon that appears shiny to him. 
He heard from one of the Keos "Get off the Drudnose now. The Queen said to take this Moorra alive at all costs." 
Tom obeyed swinging himself down and once standing on the ground put on his mask walking towards the figure that remains near the eater holding up the weapon. 
He mentally ordered toward the figure "Down." 
He felt his mood plummet finding his order not obeyed kept walking towards figure and mentally ordered "Mind reveal." 
He stiffened as he found a familiar wall in the figure's mind blocking his scans. He kept walking to see the Keos on Drudnose back charge ahead of him with their weapons swinging at the figure. He cut the mind scanning to see the figure easily cut the Keos' stick weapons with his long knife weapon easily going through them. Tom halted his walk as the Keos on Drudnose back fell off their rides with forms becoming more and more flatter. He groaned softly to realize the cold he was feeling was actually the cold of the land that easily killed of the Keos. He reached the eater’s vicinity light and the figure charged towards him with long knife in hand waving. He found his mental orders not working. He saw the figure swing the long knife appearing to be aiming at his neck from the looks of it. Tom yanked off his mask to feel the knife touching his neck that felt like metal from the feel as the figure halted his swinging to move the weapon away from him. 
He frowned feeling himself warmed by the eater light giving off heat unexpectedly as he eyed the figure warily. He felt his mood stop being bad followed by calmness hitting him as he glimpsed sky blue Moorra eyes peeking out of gonoid skin covering the head area. Tom frowned eyeing the figure he figured was as Moorra who yanked off the head cover showing his hunch correct. He stared at the Moorra that had a male form but had long black hair of a female with a face that seemed familiar like he had seen before making him confused to that feeling. 
Tom frowned as the male spoke wording sounding odd to him in a male like voice tone that sounded like "I'm Jacin. I surrender. Who are you?"
He found himself understanding the male's talk to his shock to blurt "I'm Tom."
Tom saw Jacin he assumed was his name disappear in a lightening show as he blinked his eyes finding himself back in the bedroom with Thura lying on the bed asleep. He sighed and felt sleepy went to the bed lying his form down on it and placed a hand onto Thurin's front shutting his eyes only to open them with a gasp. He felt a feeling of forgetfulness hit him as he frowned wondering why he was awake from a bad dream instead of sleeping along with some coldness feeling. He felt himself terribly cold got up from the bed and went into the hygiene room finding the rain water stall inside. 
He glimpsed himself in the mirror and groaned loudly "Water and my implants don't go together. My implants will be destroyed if I use rain water to clean myself. I guess I'll use Thura's body heat for warmth."
He left the hygiene room going to the bed to lie down wrapping arms around Thura and Thurin together he feeling warmth coming from them as they didn't stir from his touch. Tom sighed to eye the face of Thura who appeared to have a blank expression on her face. He figured to himself that she was put asleep due to the look on her face. Tom frowned wondering what bad dream woke him up to hear the door open. He sat up removing his holds on Thura and her son to see a guard come into the room pointing a finger at him and making a come gesture. He sighed and got up from the bed while giving the bed's inhabitants a look of pleading to see them both remain asleep. He then followed the guard out of the room who led him through various hallways till they stop at a wall of shininess that seemed familiar to him. The guard he watched put a hand on the wall and hears a beep sound as the wall opened with a loud annoying screeching creak sound. He saw behind the door he assumed it was, was stairs going down. 
Tom frowned as the guard finger spelled "I'm ordered to tell you to go down the stairs alone." 
Tom obeyed using night vision to see his way as he went down in a lengthy circle till he reaches a familiar wall with some black dome above shining some red dot light. He stood in front of the wall waiting seemingly lengthy as the door slid open. He walked inside to find numerous Keos scattered in the room some seated with attention riveted to staring at thin rectangular glowing boxes while on tables. He looked around to find the Queen in the middle of the room facing standing next to a table showing some kind of airless scenes he seeing is in multiple flat boxes showing various scenes all over the place and winking. Tom walked up to the Queen to stand next to her and eyed the boxes staring at them and stiffened. He saw one box scene looked familiar making his senses blare warning unexpectedly. He saw the scene was showing an overhead view of a vast grass field with a figure covered up in gonoid skin clothing sitting next to an eater as the sun shined overhead which he focused on. He watched as the figure gets up and pulls out from the back some shiny long knife like weapon then stands staring at one direction. He frowned despite his senses blaring warning as Keos on Drudnose back arrived attacking the figure by swinging stick weapons aimed at the figure who swings the long knife easily cutting the sticks in pieces. He sees the Keo each time their near the figure get a waving gesture. He watched as the Keos on Drudnoses fall off the gonoids as if mentally knocked out with flat bodies followed by the figure putting away the weapon into his back. Tom continued to watch as the figure goes to each Drudnose that stands still and pulls them facing in a direction followed by slapping them on the back end that makes them take off running out of sight. Tom frowned as the boxes shift to become smaller followed by his focused box to become bigger than the other boxes as the other boxes fade from view. He heard the Queen speaking "The Keos have been aware of this Moorra an apparent Gihon traveling in what’s dubbed the Cold Kingdom. Recorders have caught this Moorra doing something not Moorra like which is appearing to survive off land by eating plants, drinking from water sources and hunting gonoids along with creating eaters." 
He frowned seeing the box's scene pause from moving focusing onto the covered up Moorra he feeling annoyed with its not continuing the scenario. 
He heard from the Queen continue talking "This Moorra has managed to avoid Keos hunting for him along with putting up a fight when they find him and attempt to capture him. The Moorra has appeared to have some kind of powerful mind block that keeps Keos from scanning his mind. The Banshees once asked have admitted that they can’t subdue him due to that the cold can kill a Banshee enough to shatter their bodies to pieces. The Keos don’t have the weaponry to counterattack his weapon or knock him out without touching him." 
He didn't comment a response as the Queen added "Peter and Werra have repeatedly balked my orders to transport the Moorra to lock up in prison or put him to sleep or do anything to him along with scanning his mind to identify him. The Meritanians have balked on orders to assist the Keos in capturing him. The Meritanians have claimed that if they did Keo's orders on him they would pay a high price tag and have refused to explain what the price tag is or say anything else to explain their balking. They didn’t say anything about the Keos using you, Tom to help capture that Moorra."
He heard from Peter abruptly sounding in his mind appearing to be talking to the Queen "Unnecessary on using him my Queen. That Moorra said what I wanted to hear from him which is the words 'I surrender'. I have taken the liberty of transporting him to the brig. Oh if you wish to interrogate him use someone else other than your Moorra son. This Moorra is immune to son's mental abilities which is speak he can’t use his mind walking powers or will seen as a threat. Your Moorra son can get information via verbal talk."
Tom heard an edge in Peter’s voice tone figures that there’s something suspicious going on from the Meritanian's wording Moorra son use spoke out loud "Peter a yea or a nay on asking if this Moorra has some kind of mental mind ability that is tuned to the you to hear every word you say."
He heard from Peter in response "Yea."
Tom spoke to the Queen giving him a glare "I figured that ability from how Peter said his words to me while talking to you including his reference to me as a Moorra son instead of my actual name. He spoke his words with the voice tone that raised my suspicions to think that." 
He heard from the Queen "Blast." 
Tom paused from talking and then adds to the Queen as if compelled "I need the proper clothing for the cold. Some asylum in some planetary world called Shadan I was in despite having ships orbiting my home said that I can’t tolerate the cold very long while wearing only my clothes. I learned that some kind of gonoid skin clothing on my form can protect me as in keeping me very warm from the cold regardless of how cold it is."
He frowned as the Queen looks at him with a glare which he found himself blurting to his shock "I figured out what Peter was trying to tell the both of us is that only a Moorra with knowledge of Keo ways and thinking can capture that Moorra. I'm the only one who can do the job. I need proper clothing to fight the cold in the process of talking that Moorra down to surrender and not give resistance. Peter has indicated that talking would get that Moorra to do that." 
He paused to frown feeling himself shocked with his wording while widening his eyes as he is staring at the Queen who gives off a sound of disgust who spoke "Take your mask off now." 
He stiffened feeling the mask on his face to remove it as he heard from the Queen "Peter a yea or nay question."
He frowned while eyeing the Queen cock her head appearing to be staring at him lengthy before hearing Peter sounding annoyed blaring in his mind "What are you babbling about?" 
This was followed by a pause then Peter added speaking to the Queen "We Meritanians are in contact with that Moorra dubbing himself Jacin due to him having a sense to overhear everything we saying."
He stiffens hearing the name of Jacin for it sounded like he heard the word before but felt confused. 
He heard from Peter abruptly again in response "Yea, the Keo are aware of you Jacin can hear us Meritanians’ chatter. The Keo are asking certain questions related to you. The Keo are very curious as to who you are. That despite you resisting their attempts to bring you to civilization and among Moorra kind to live with hence they acting threatening towards you. It's their normal way of getting Moorra to civilization to be domesticated and out of living off land like some ridiculous gonoid having gonoid language."
He heard nothing from the Queen continued to hear from Peter "Blast Alesia."
He frowned hearing the wording of Alesia confusing him. He continued to hear Alesia, his name is Jacin. He’ll be better off living with other Moorra instead of isolated and alone and suffering from various medical ailments while struggling to survive off land." Tom frowns as Peter paused then spoke "Fine you asked for it!"
He felt cold abruptly shifts his eyes to see himself on some short grassed field. Tom saw nearby in front of him was an eater along with a familiar covered up in gonoid skin clothing from head to foot figure that appears to have a male form. He figured the male is Moorra dubbed Jacin by Peter. He frowned as Jacin he assumes is his name pulled out a long knife weapon from the back and charges towards him. He stiffens as he feels the mask back onto his face abruptly with no memory of how it got onto there fully in his mind. He yanked off his mask sees Jacin halt from charging once he’s arm length away. Tom shivered from the cold eyeing Jacin's face to see all black eyes where the eyes were seen through openings of the gonoid skin head covering the head area entirely including the face like a mask leaving his eyes seen. He stares at Jacin who continues to stare at him back. 
Tom felt himself compelled to speak spoke "Greetings."
He spoke in the common language used among Moorra and Keo before clamping his mouth shut shivering from the cold. Tom frowned as Jacin's eyes shift from all black to Moorra sky blue colored with them narrowed in a glare aimed at him. He continued to frown as Jacin put the weapon away on his back and figured from hand motions that there’s a knife like cover hung onto the male’s back. Tom continued to stare at Jacin who folded his arms and felt warmth abruptly all around him. He found himself in an all white padded cell with Jacin facing him. He sighed from the warmth to hear a sounding annoyed appearing to come from Jacin in some familiar accent male voice tone giving off an Hmph sound. 
He frowned hearing that sound as he heard "I'm not happy that the Keos didn’t bother to explain what they were trying to do towards me despite acting threatening. I had to defend myself from their attacks on me."
Tom stiffens recognizing the accent as familiar spoke "What name are you called?"
Tom got the male removing his mask which he widened his eyes seeing that the male’s face is familiar to him. He saw an image of a Moorra male in a tree hanging off a branch flash in his mind he recalling the mind was an alien mind. Tom frowned recalling the treed male was ordered down by him by gesturing who obeyed. He stiffened as he then recalled the Keos captured him putting him down asleep soon after the treed male was escorted away from him. He eyed Jacin's hair seeing it's different as in longer length than a Moorra male would have with straightness in a color twin to his black hair. He refrained from gasping out loud from that memory popping in his mind. 
He got from the male "My name is Jacin. Peter the Meritanian explained to me that some Meritanian transported him off some planetary world dubbed Shadan during some battle fight to the world I'm now on. I've been living off land for awhile despite trying to count the suns unnoticed trapped in my status. I came upon a group of Keos identified by Peter when asked what species they were. The Keos acted threatening towards me as in picking a fight with me despite my attempts to be friendly with them. I've been fighting Keos for awhile and didn’t know that they changed their views towards me as in trying to help me and get me to civilization. Peter when asked for help gave me the help to surrender." 
Tom didn't comment while hearing the cell door opening behind him shifted sideways to look and sees the Queen enter the room with two familiar Keo guards. He eyed her as she narrows her eyes while staring at Jacin who he heard speaks "I know that Keos are mind walkers and a part of some species called Banshee due to one of them shifting form in front of me when trying to attack me. The Banshee wound up going asleep on the ground with form crumbling up in pieces due to indicating some problem with the cold. I've been living in the cold just to avoid the Keos and their Banshee ability."
Tom blinked his eyes feeling himself cold found himself on a grassed field alone and felt annoyed with Peter to feel warmth. He looked around to find himself in a Banshee nest judging by the Banshees all around him in a circle. One of the Banshees he saw charged towards him with hands swiping in a threatening method towards him. He figured that the Banshee wants to physically fight him. Tom felt annoyance take hold only to feel pushed on the back and knocked onto his seat. He discovered a Keo has done that and that the Keo is kicking at him while he’s down on the ground. Tom used his combative art training to flip the Keo onto his seat. He got up onto his feet in a trained acrobatic move seeing that the Keo is on his own feet and kicking and punching at him. Tom threw a punch at the Keo only to feel something like smashing through a wall that shatters easily while hearing glass breaking sounds. He saw the scene change to show a window looking like a cylinder tube. He thrust open after withdrawing fist and found himself in a Banshee nest while hearing multiple voices blaring in his mind insulting him with the word freak spoken. Tom found himself wearing the mask while feeling angry. He heard the voices chatter calling him a freak repeatedly to the point it starts to get him angry. Tom yanked off the mask off his face and shuts his eyes from the dizziness hitting him. He felt clawed hands touching his bare arms he figures is Banshees touching him along with feeling zapping pains from the hands’ touch felt darkness arriving within him to feel nothing all around him. 

Tom came to finding himself lying on a rugged floor wearing only pants that were feeling too short for him despite the length. He felt a feeling of forgetfulness hitting him again making him annoyed. He looked around finding himself in a white room with a black window in the wall. He sensed someone is watching him feels sick in his stomach looks around and finds expeller with a sink and a mirror heads towards it in a stumbling run. He once done using the expeller collapsed on the floor feeling himself still sick from the heaving curled into a ball shutting his eyes. He felt a hand shaking his arm which he opened his eyes to look up to see the Queen there holding a blanketed bundle in her arms. 
He heard from the Queen as she showed him what she had in her arms "It's called a baby a Moorra a Pishon. What are you going to name her?" 
Tom blurted out "Aliya."
He felt himself shocked with his blurting eyed the Queen who spoke "Aliya. Well go to sleep and get some rest now."
He shut his eyes lying down and opened them while hearing silence and nothing of a cell door opening or closed status. He found the Queen gone from the room and looked around feeling himself confused as to what happened to him.
Tom mentally spoke from memory of a Meritanian named Werra flashing in his mind "Werra! Werra!"
He heard in response a male voice speaking "For respects quit your yelling now."
He spoke mentally "Peter, what's going on with me and my mind? I keep feeling like I'm forgetting something over and over. Its gotten me annoyed."
He heard in response from Peter "Ears are listening and shouldn't be aware of this situation. I'll get an explanation once possible." 
Tom mentally recalled Peter complaining about Jacin hearing him and Werra like some mental power ability tuned to the Meritanians abruptly coming to his mind. He frowned as images of who Jacin was flashed in his mind he stiffening from the memories flowing within him mentally. Tom felt himself sick again and threw up from his mouth into the expeller repeatedly over and over till his body stopped the heaving. He curled into a ball onto the floor feeling himself confused on what happened to him. He felt anger hitting him as he thought "I'm not getting an explanation to say why I keep forgetting things. I'm not getting an explanation to say why I'm sick. I'm not getting an explanation to being contained in this room for my medical sickness." 
Tom continued to feel sick kept on throwing up substances that look brown looking along with some awful taste in his mouth. He felt himself sick in his stomach despite throwing up repeatedly. He didn't feel like sleeping due to the sick feeling in his stomach was bothering him too much. He continued to feel sick expelling into the expeller till he felt too weak to rise from the floor. He felt his heaving continued threw up onto the floor while lying on it on his side and adjusting his face to face the rugged floor. He curled into a ball once his heaving was stopped to his relief. 
Tom continued to feel sick in his stomach while too weak to move heard from Peter abruptly "How are you feeling?"
He spoke out loud as if compelled "I'm sick in my stomach and too weak to move despite throwing up onto the floor."
He heard his voice sounded cracked like his throat was thirsty and dry to him. 
He felt sleepiness hitting him to hear "Go to sleep you need your rest."
Tom stiffened hearing the voice sounded Keo like as he shut his eyes to came to feeling himself lying on a bed with pressure of a small body on top of his chest. He felt his left hand was on the small body’s back he sensed is sleeping. He opened his eyes looking around with confusion seeing he was back in the Queen's palace in one of her bedrooms set aside for him. He stiffened to feel a hand rubbing his forehead which he shot his head towards the hand’s owner seeing it belonged to Thura who was appearing to frown frowning while staring at him. Tom shifted down to look seeing the small body on his chest was Thurin asleep on him he recalled was Thura's offspring despite another familiar feeling of forgetfulness hitting him making him annoyed. He sensed from lying in the bed he was wearing his familiar clothes and shoes on his form. He recalled himself sick in a room with the sickness in his stomach that was felt gone from him. Tom felt much better along with stronger from the feeling of strength within him. He shifted to look at Thura and opened his mouth only to get her hand covering the area. She he saw shaking her head in some nay gesture in Moorra way. He felt confused as she pointed a finger towards Thurin then with the same hand puts the finger to her lips. 
He saw from Thura fingers spelling "You have to be quiet and not talk. Thurin hasn't been sleeping for awhile. He keeps on complaining of his Father whoever he is, is being hurt. It's gotten to the point that he's balking my attempts to get him to sleep. Thurin keeps on chattering that his Father is hurt over and over. I've caught him staying awake instead of sleeping. I recently managed to get him to sleep after you were brought into the room. Thurin keeps on seeing you as his actual Father when your not."
He stiffened as his senses blared warning abruptly along with a feeling of forgetfulness hitting him as Thura kept her finger spelling "I figured that Thurin wouldn't sleep if he felt you moving or talking. He threw a tantrum while sitting on top of you whining on wanting to hear his Father’s voice or sense him talking and wanted that. I managed to get Thurin asleep. I'm not taking any chances in having him waking up to give another tantrum instead of sleeping like he should be doing."
Tom formed a frown on his face from Thura’s words adjusted his head to stare at the ceiling seemingly lengthy He felt Thura’s hand rubbing his forehead followed by feeling the hand forced his eyes shut. He didn't protest to that figured he’ll sleep for it’ll help him get some rest along with helping Thurin sleep. He felt himself passing out to come to waking up abruptly without warning and sensed a hand take his free hand. He felt the hand was gloved feeling like a male Keo looked off his left. 
He eyed the Keo warily as he heard blaring in his mind "Its Geelley." 
He verbalized his words ignoring Thurin lying on his front to speak "For respects for killing your Father. I shouldn’t have done the murder."
He stared at Geelley who formed a glare on his face before yanking his hand from his hand turning around before halting his walk to bow. He saw the Queen standing in the doorway with a glare on her face while escorted by her familiar guards. Tom frowned as the Queen and Geelley he figured to himself get into a mental talk from seeing them staring at each other seemingly lengthy. He frowned as Geelley wave a hand fisted aimed at the Queen followed by hitting the floor asleep. He stiffened from that watching as the guards went to Geelley picking him up and haul him out of the room following the Queen out. He exhaled a breath as Thura came into view to sit on the bed next to him. He eyed her who shifted to look at Thurin by her eyes and he did the same to see her son was still asleep. He figured that Thurin had passed out from being awake too long. He felt sleepiness shuts his eyes to see himself standing on some large wooden deck while seeing people Moorra and Keo gathered around down below. 
He heard a voice speaking "'You stinking Freak!"
He looked to see the speaker is Geelley who's standing on the deck that looked angry. Tom doesn’t comment figured that Geelley was angry about something and needed to release the anger kept his mouth shut. 
Geelley he stared at continued to speak "I wanted Thura as my mate but nay she had to pick you to Father her offspring Thurin as he's called."
Tom stiffened from Geelley's words to recall Thura's wording regarding Thurin whining about his Father and seemingly seeing him as the Father figure. 
He stiffened with shock running through him as Geelley continued to rant "You stinking freak dubbing himself Tom has made me regret allowing you to have Thura. The regret is from you killing my Father. I'm furious at the Queen for letting you get away with the murder by soft punishment. Such as whipping instead of a hard punishment which is a knife cut on the face to form a scar marking to mark the person as a murderer."
He refrained from talking as Geelley continued to talk "The miserable excuse of a Queen caught me injecting poison in your feeding tube. She put me asleep which you withdrawn from the poison judging by your surviving it. The medicine for creating the withdrawal status within you I hear was blood from an offspring of yours. Turns out Maeve was implanted with something to create her offspring a Pishon I knew from the looks wasn't mine I fathered but yours actually. The Queen may she die allowed you to have responsibility of naming Maeve's offspring which you picked this odd wording of Aliya. It means 'Mine' in our original spoken language. I'm disgusted with you."
He recalled that Geelley wasn't telling a tall tale from his bout of being sick and the Queen showing him a baby Moorra Pishon he gave the name of Aliya. 
Geelley he heard continued to talk "The miserable excuse of a Queen who should be removed dumped some expectant female Moorra onto me to have a relationship with. Alesia used the tall tale of Maeve carrying my offspring via implantation method as her excuse to get me to have a relationship with her. Alesia dumped Maeve onto me in response to you killing my Father. She has balked on having me give you the traditional punishment of knife cutting your face to form a marking, marking you as a murderer."
Tom kept his silence as Geelley kept talking "Maeve figured out from mind scans of her that I didn't Father her Pishon offspring but you did when she held her offspring for the first time. She kept up the relationship with me from hopes I would be a Father figure to her offspring despite you being the Father. I found out about the implantation after you disappeared from Uzan." 
Tom stiffened hearing Geelley's words as he sensed the Keo wasn’t joking with his words making him frown visibly with his lips.
He heard "Alesia isn't taking me seriously with my complaints about my life and about manoids who do bad things to me."
He groaned recognizing the words as his own thoughts felt confused to why Geelley was echoing what he was thinking regarding his life with the Queen. Tom kept his mouth shut as Geelley he saw paused from talking to pull out a knife he stiffening from seeing.
He got from Geelley "I'm taking matters in my own hands and doing what I see fit to get what I want and will do it." 
He kneeled as Geelley charged at him while holding the knife. Tom continued to kneel as Geelley reached him to swing the knife at his face digging it on the left side making a grooved mark from the feel. He grimaced feeling pain in the area and didn't flinch as Geelley put the knife back on his cut cheek and again cut his face with it. He eyed Geelley despite the pain to see the Keo dropping the knife backing up and kneeling along with giving off sounds while rocking his form. He recognized the sounds as Keo version of crying continued to stare at Geelley feeling himself pitying the Keo as the scene goes black. He woke up with a gasp to feel a hand patting his cheek where Geelley cut him he not feeling pain from the area. Tom opened his eyes looking around to see the hand's owner is Thurin who was up and awake looking upset to him. He sat up and held Thurin who gave off nonsense sounds sounding like he’s happy to him from the noises. Tom looked for Thura to find her on the bed next to him lying asleep from the looks of her. Tom held Thurin who stopped his nonsense babbling to fall asleep from being hugged. He sighed and lied his form down to still holding Thurin. Tom shut his eyes figuring that he’ll sleep only to open them as he sensed something was keeping him awake. He frowned and sat up while still holding Thurin to stare at the bedroom doorway as if drawn  to spot a Queen’s guard standing there that pointed a gloved finger at him and made a come gesture. He put Thurin down on the bed who remained asleep and put one of Thura’s hands on offspring seeing both remain sleeping. Tom got up from the bed to stand staring at the guard which he blinked his eyes finding the scene changed to show a familiar hallway. Tom stiffened seeing the Queen standing in front of a window staring at the room’s contents ignoring him. He joined her to take a look to see a Keo a male inside wearing a cloth restraint from around the arms along with too short pants. He stiffened from sensed cued to the Keo that he's Geelley restrained inside the room. 
Tom heard the Queen speaking "I gave Geelley several opportunities to put aside his anger towards certain manoids. Geelley has refused to put down his anger instead has been targeting manoids in response. His targeting is mostly by hitting manoids with medical ailments such as hitting you with some kind of plant’s poisonous substance."
Tom groaned softly hearing the Queen's words as she kept talking he heard "The poison made you sick from having your body expel it via mouth from his system. Geelley wound up sickening a Banshee to target Thura in his Banshee form. Maeve I'm sure of her expectant status provided a weapon against the Banshee's attack got a hold of this Banshee and put him off on the attack on Thura or doing any further attacks."
Tom spoke as the Queen paused "Geelley communicated to me through some dream that he wanted Thura as his mate. He claimed that he stepped aside to allow me to have her but is furious that he’s regretting it. The regretting is from me killing his Father-" 
He cut himself off hearing a Keo disgust sound from the Queen and frowned as she spoke "I'm aware of what you are talking about from Geelley admitting his feelings to me in a private conversation with me. He did his admittance after I caught him in your room. I ordered him not to go near you or Thura or your offspring Thurin. I woke you up due to sensing something bad was going on with Geelley in you room."
He stiffened from the Queen referring Thurin as his offspring to grimaced fully images spilled into his mind he saw himself mating with Thura. He continued to stiffen as memories he figured were the images continued spilling into him he realized with shock running through him that Thurin was his offspring Thura was pregnant with. He felt his mood plummet as he realized that the Queen must have mind wiped that knowledge fully from his mind and saying certain words triggered the memories to spill back into his mind. He formed a glare on his face eyeing Geelley contained in a room he recognized belonged to the Keo's Asylum. 
Tom heard from the Queen seemingly unaware of his memories restored "I got a confession from Geelley that he was planning on poisoning you. The poisoning he planned to do was injecting you with it via your feeding tube implant which I prevented that from happening."
He kept his mouth shut feeling his anger arrive aimed at the Queen as he eyed Geelley in the room sitting on the floor that got up staring at the window with eyes narrowed and head cocked. 
He heard from the Queen as his rage ran through him "Geelley set off a Pishon Keo to challenger me for the Queen title. He tried to make sure that I lose the fight by trying to distract me from it. You, I sensed arrived and pulled Geelley off of me and screamed for us Pishons to make up our minds on who to have as their leader. The Pishons in response to your yelling blocked the challenger from winning the fight. Instead made it clear on who they wanted as their leader."
Tom stiffened as a memory of the fight flashed into his mind. He catching Geelley in a bedroom hand on the Queen's forehead while she was kneeling with a grimace on her face. He continued to recall knocking Geelley down with the mask in control then went to the Queen. 
He recalled mentally broadcasting through the Queen "Choose who you want as Queen now!"
He felt anger take hold to see clearly in his mind the Queen giving off a loud groaning sound before slumping over as if put down asleep. He saw as the memory spilled into his mind of the Queen waking up abruptly to give him a nasty glaring look of accusation on her face. Tom fumed in anger as the memory of the Queen mind wiping him most of his memories leaving his memory of living in the palace as a toy for her to play with fully in his mind. 
He heard from the Queen as he focused onto Geelley "Unfortunately none of the Pishons would take an oath that none of the Pishons will challenge me unless I'm medically unable to hold the leadership position." 
Tom saw Geelley was staring at him back in the eyes. He felt himself not sure if Geelley could see him or not due to the window’s blackness.
He heard from the Queen again "Tom, go inside and talk to Geelley. I want him to talk on what’s he’s not really saying to me. I figured that he’ll say it to you in your presence."
Tom obeyed going inside the room to see Geelley look at him with a glare before he went to sit down back leaning against the wall. He went to Geelley and squatted staring at him. He got from Geelley "Alesia the current Queen won’t order anything seriously harmful towards you. She favors you as her offspring from raising you. Alesia has balked on giving me justice for my Father’s death."
Tom didn't comment kept his mouth shut as Geelley gives off a Keo laughing sound that sounded like hysterical happiness laughter to him. 
He again got Geelley speaking "Tom has everything he wants as granted by Alesia which is Thura, an offspring and a ruler’s sympathy. I have nothing but my own anger to keep me going along with no sympathy from Alesia. The Gihons have sympathized towards me and want justice done but haven't done anything as long as Alesia is in ruler's position. The Moorra have refused to get involved in this conflicted situation instead have balked doing anything on this leaving us Keos to handle it. That's why I'm locked up in here having no justice done and Alesia declaring me insane."
Tom frowned hearing Geelley's words for he sounded like Peter had contacted him instead got up and heard the door open to see the Queen enter the room. He eyed the Queen with anger running through him who ignored his glare to stare at Geelley seemingly lengthy. He blinked his eyes to find himself back into the palace in his familiar bedroom Thura and Thurin his son both lying asleep on the bed. He went to the bed and laid his form on it putting an arm around Thura and Thurin. He stared at them one at a time with a scrutiny look seeing that Thura's hair was brown colored while Thurin's hair matched his hair color. He eyed Thurin's face seeing he had Thura's face. He recalled seeing his familiar black Moorra like eyes in Thurin's eyes instead of Thura's brown colored eyes. He exhaled a breath and felt himself sleepy shut his eyes to dream
of the Queen’s guards entering the room. They took his sleep form from the bed and hauled him out. He continued to dream watching as his body is hauled out of the palace by multiple guards to the whipping deck was held up while glimpsing Keos and Moorra are gathered around the area. He watched as the Queen arrived with disgust on her face see that turns into a glare to stares at him. He saw the scene of the Queen staring at him become black and came to finding himself held up by the guards as he dreamed. He straightened up his form and stared at the Queen who cocked her head toward him. Tom saw a male Keo come into view his senses blare of familiarity while holding a knife in his hand. Tom felt the guards’ hold on him become ironclad along with his urge to talk gone from him. He eyed the Keo he assumed was Geelley who walked forwards towards him as the guards got him to kneel with his neck bared. He eyed Geelley who reaching him grabs his hair holding his head with face still facing up. Tom grimaced inwardly as the knife was felt digging very hard into his left cheek starting at the part near his eyes while giving him pain. He continued to feel the digging make a thin grooved line down his cheek reaching his chin bone then the knife's digging stopped. He felt his face bleeding from the knife's cut from the feel of liquid following. He saw Geelley stepping back dropping the knife. He stiffened as his senses blared warning from seeing Geelley had a Keo look of a smirk on his face seen. He felt himself sleepy shut his eyes and passed out.

Tom came to finding himself lying in bed with Thura seated next to him holding his hand. He felt her other hand was rubbing his forehead. He brought a hand to his left cheek from feeling soreness there only to get blocked by Thura grabbing his hand and shaking her head. 
He sensed Thurin was lying asleep on his front again as he stared at Thura who released her holds on his hands to finger spell "The Queen had you punished for killing a Keo by having the Keo’s relative cut you on the cheek with a knife. It was as traditionally done towards manoids who kill other manoids which doesn't matter if their Moorra or Keo." He frowned forming it on his lips as Thura continued "The healer said that you would have a marking from the knife cutting. You need to leave the area alone so the cheek can stop the bleeding by healing up itself. The cut will leave a marking in its place judging by the looks of it."
He didn't comment a response as Thura stopped her finger spelling to hold his left hand. He felt himself tired shut his eyes and passed out to come to finding his stomach poked by a stick like object from the feel. He woke up and finding himself in the Queen's throne room with the Queen seated in the throne chair looking sinister to him enough to creep him out. He stood up in a fast mood only to get restrained by guards in a tight ironclad grip who haul him towards the Queen. The guards' halted the hauling till he was a hand touch away and forced to kneel along with his face jerked to side to show his cut cheek. He kept his mouth shut in response as the Queen he eyed still giving off that sinister feeling leaned forward appearing to be scrutinizing the cheek of his. He saw her cock her head sideways which he found himself released followed by sleepiness as he blinked his eyes. He blinked his eyes to found himself back in the bedroom lying in bed where Thura was sensed asleep next to him with Thurin next to her who is asleep like his Mother. Tom reached a hand toward his cheek with his anger hitting but halt the hand's movement. Tom figured that he’ll go into the hygiene room and take a look at it in the reflection glass. He proceeded to do seeing he has a marking that is black colored along with seeing knife's groves on the area where the knife dug into his cheek. He felt himself angry as he realized that he’ll forever have that scar on his cheek. Tom bared his teeth aimed at the reflective glass recalling Thurin his son. He stopped the teeth baring as he figured to himself he would have to one sun explain his marking's purpose to Thurin once his son is old enough to get it the reason for it. He continued to feel himself angry reached a hand toward the scar only to halt as if compelled not to touch the area. He obeyed to his sense lowered his hand and stared at himself in the mirror feeling his anger take control. He recalled Geelley words while contained in the asylum and the Keo's facial expression involving cutting his cheek. 
Tom eyed the mirror as he mentally thought to himself "The Keos' Pishons somehow contacted Geelley hence his hysterical laughter and wording he used to speak towards them. They replaced Alesia the Queen who raised me with another Pishon who sympathized with Geelley and his feelings towards me. Hence he seen with that expression on his face after he cut me. This explains why the Queen I saw in the throne room gave me feelings of she being sinister instead of my familiar deadness feeling whenever I'm around Alesia as she's called."
He left the private room feeling himself too anger to stare at himself in the reflective glass any more. He found Thura awake sitting on the bed who formed a frown seeing him. He sensed Thurin was in the crib by his son no where in sight on the bed next to her. He stared at Thura who continued to frown followed her forming a grimace. He felt his angry mood take hold collapsed to his knees while bowing his head to rock his form giving off angry nonsense sounds. He felt Thura hugging him unexpectedly while standing in front of him. He hugged Thura back putting his cheek that isn't marked on her front keeping his scarred cheek away from her form. Tom felt himself needing to mate unexpectedly hitting him removing his angry mood. He pushed Thura down to kneel in front of him her head reaching his chest as he brought his lips to Thura’s neck kissing her there while feeling her not resisting to the kissing. He continued to kiss Thura trailing kisses towards her face and reached her lips to kiss her there. He felt Thura's lips move meeting his lips while sensing her hands running through his hair in response while he has his hands on her back. He moved his hands to her chest to kneed and stroke the jutting bumps he not sure what to call them through the fabric of her top while kissing her. Tom felt Thura break off the kiss to his regret which he didn't protest as she yanked off his top he’s wearing unlatching it around his tubes and tossed it aside. He felt Thura putting hands on his stomach he noticed seemed a bit rounded in the area. He sighed from the feel of Thura's hands massaging him to stare at Thura who ignored him staring. He wound up feeling her hands go lower and lower till they settled on his sensitive part through his pants touching him there. He exhaled a breath from Thura's touch was making him feel like needing to be inside her in a mating ritual. Tom broke off the touching Thura’s bumps to grab her top by the waist and yanked it off of her. Tom shook shivering from her hands stopping touching him to find her bare of any clothing covering her bumps to his relief. Tom didn't protest as Thura forced him to stand by her getting up. He finding her height was a bit above the middle of his chest. He sighed as Thura bent down yanking his pants off his form and yanked off his shoes before tossing aside his clothing. He sighed feeling himself bare of clothes and not humiliated from that. Tom stared at Thura feeling his urge to mate hitting him some more as she removed the remainder of her clothes and boots till she’s naked facing him. He eyed Thura who took his hand and led him to the bed pushing his back onto it. He didn’t protest as Thura straddled him putting hands on his sensitive part to play with it. He felt himself getting charges of pleasure from the feel of her hands touching him. He reached out his hands and touched her bumps fondling with the farthest jutting parts even playing with them. He sighed as she stopped touching him and placed hands on his shoulders. He rolled his eyes as he felt himself entering Thura from her movements over him. He felt additional charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her while she moved over him. He gasped loudly as he spilled himself inside Thura while feeling her shake then she collapsed onto him. He wrapped his arms around her holding her in place and opened his eyes to stare at the ceiling. Tom sensed Thura sleeping by her breathing feeling deeper and continued to hold her as the Queen’s face came into view appearing to be leaning towards him. He stiffened seeing the Queen whose eyes were narrowed with some sinister look in them. 
This was followed by her speaking sounding odd to him and not of his Queen Mother raiser “It remains to be seen if Thura will be carrying again, Berserker.” 
He stiffened from her odd voice tone and calling him a Berserker. 
He spoke from recalling his thoughts in the hygiene room “Talk. You replaced the Queen that raise me did you? That was because of her refusing to see that I’ll get punished properly for a death of a Keo.” 
He narrowed his eyes as the Queen’s head darted out of view in response. He looked towards the Queen's direction to find her walking towards the door followed by guards.
He added loudly “That Keo killed my Mother despite the protests of my Father after I was taken out from her. Plus I remember clearly that the Queen back then arrived there and said my Mother should be the one who’ll end her own life instead of by the hand of a Keo. He didn’t get his face cut for the death as traditionally done.”
He glared at the Queen who halted her walking with guards stopping to bow her head. He saw the Queen appearing to have form shaking before the shaking stop. Then she turned around to glare at him with an angry look in her face still sinister to him. 
He glared at her back as she spoke “It’s a no wonder Alesia my predecessor favored you. She valued you too much to see you as her offspring. Alesia took pity on you when a Keo died by your hand as sensed from her. That along with Alesia sensed balking to punish you properly by giving you that marking on your face. She was removed due to her feelings towards you. Her feelings was found not right for Queens to have towards Moorra especially one raise by her.” 
He continued to glare at the Queen who added “Once you have gotten some rest I aim to see you out of the palace into the asylum where you’re to stay there on a permanent basis. You have caused us too much damage destroying what was built up between Keo and Moorra relations which I have to fix the mess.”
He spoke as the Queen paused “What about Thurin? What are you planning on telling him?”
He heard from her sounding like an edge in her voice tone “Just the truth. Berserker.”
Tom felt sleepiness jerked his eyes struggling to stay awake till the feeling persisted. He shut his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious to come to finding himself lying on grass. He feeling cold air with a foot poking him in the stomach while sensing clothes on his form that felt like his normal clothing. Tom jerked his eyes open with a start to find the foot’s owner was a familiar male he recognized was Jacin covered up in gonoid skin clothing while holding a sword weapon in his hand that back up from him. He got up from the grassed ground with a start and stared at Jacin who continued to stare at him back.
He heard blaring “Wake up Tom! You’ll miss Thura seeing you if you don’t wake up!”
Tom stiffened from Peter's blaring voice shut his eyes. He shook as the scene changed to find warmth hitting him while wearing too short pants on his form. He opened his eyes forcing himself to sit up finding himself in an asylum room with its familiar window and door in vicinity. He eyed the window to get up with effort finding his arms restrained by cloth making them folded around him. He felt the cloth restrained his arm on his upper body feeling bare of clothing. He figured to himself that he was wearing a different kind of restraint. He walked towards the window and leaned against it sideways on his right side while sensing Thura behind it eyeing him. Tom sighed to refrain from smiling despite the emotion of happiness hitting him. He continued to sense Thura behind the window. He felt his familiar deadness feeling hitting as the happy feeling went away. He figured to himself was from sensing that Thura had left. Tom went to the padded wall to thrust his back onto it. He felt something poking his back on his cylinder body arch area that seemed to follow his entire cylinder body's arch area from the feel. Tom forced himself to sit on the rugged floor and leaned back eyes staring at the window.  He frowned to feel some kind of angry feeling hitting him which made him stiffen. He continued to eye the window till the angry feeling left him followed by deadness. He looked away to stare at the wall in front of him seemingly lengthy. Tom continued to stare at the wall unknowingly of the time letting the deadness take control. He felt a familiar weakness feeling hitting him frowned. 
Tom wound up thinking "Blast I have to take in nourishment. Just my luck they won't give me anything."
He cut his thinking as he heard a door opening sound looked in the direction to find a male Keo wearing an asylum worker's uniform come into the room holding a syringe with white liquid sloshing in it. He eyed the syringe as if drawn and licked his lips continuing to follow it. The Keo he saw paused from walking to exchange the syringe in his hands he followed with his eyes before settling the thing in his right hand's grip. Tom continued to eye the syringe as he felt the cloth covering his left arm peeled back. The syringe was felt injected into his injector in the area. He sighed from the weakness feeling leaving him to feel some feeling of pleasure hitting him. He ignored the Keo sensed staring at him as he eyed the wall from the feeling of pleasure hitting him. Tom felt the cloth resume covering his arm. He stared at the wall sighing loudly and then smiled from the feeling hitting him. Tom continued sighing before feeling sleepiness which he shut his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious to dream of the bedroom in the palace. He saw Thura seated on the bed looking sad with tears streaming down her eyes. He reached out a hand to touch her shoulder only to discover his hand went through her. Tom removed his hand to stare at Thura as she continued to cry tears. He watched as Thura lay her form down onto the bed on her stomach. Thura he saw still appearing to be crying tears. He frowned wondering why she was upset. The scene went black which he came to finding himself in a round cylinder tube that had a glass part opened. He fell out to find himself in a hallway holding cylinder tubes. He frowned seeing the area seemed familiar as he had been there before. He felt his his arms and back freed from restraints. He looked around feeling his oxygen mask still on his form placed it on. Tom looked around to find a figure in grey running towards him off his right. The manoid he saw was having a green scaly face seen through some face mask. 
Tom mentally spoke “Throw back.” 
He saw the figure threw himself backwards sailing in the air then hit the ground sliding onto it. Tom saw the figure shaking with feet becoming flat followed by the rest of the body becoming flatter and flatter till the movements stopped. He heard noises of a crowd followed it to find a gated opening with smoke between in it. 
He walked through to hear a horn sound along with a male voice sounding odd speaking “Entry Mediterranean gate.”
Tom found himself in a familiar large room that he recalled he had been there before from feeling of familiarity. He saw nine covered in white clothes manoids as before from familiarity seated opposite from him in chairs. He spotted two figures of male and female forms in front of the nine manoids. He saw three males by their bodies looking Moorra while having gonoid heads standing nearby him eyeing him from the looks of it. 
He heard from the male winged figure “Anybus bring this First One to us now.” 
He didn’t protest as his arms were grabbed by two of the gonoid head males who appeared to be twins. He felt himself pushed and pulled forwards towards the seated nine manoids. He felt his mind scanned from senses giving him a familiar head pain. Tom struggled to keep the mind scanner out. He felt frustration finding the mind scans too powerful and easily getting through his defenses. Tom was halted once reaching the steps where the male and female forms were. He noticed that they had heads bowed. Tom wound up eyeing the covered up robed figures seated behind them as he continued to feel his mind scanned. He saw clearly in his mind his learning how to use the mask for turning on his mental abilities. He recalled learning how to manipulate things with mental orders and scanning by mind.  He continued to see clearly in his mind his memories of himself using the mask for doing missions for the Keos' Queen. He recalled how he felt doing those missions which was feeling deadness hitting him. He recalled in his mind of the Keos' giving nourishment of some white liquid through an injector implant in his left arm by syringe. He felt the mind scanning stop followed by the two manoids raising their heads. 
He heard the male speaking “Anybus yank that thing off his face now.” 
He grimaced as the oxygen mask was removed and grimaced feeling disoriented while shaking his head and shutting his eyes. He stiffened feeling a headache hitting him and figured it was from his mind scanned. He opened his eyes to stare at the group finding their speakers he assumed he’ll call them still having heads bowed. Tom figured that the robed covered people were mind walkers all scanning his mind in unison. Tom grimaced from the headache hitting him till it went away to his relief. 
This was followed by the speakers raising their heads and the female speaking “We adjourn for now. We will come back once its time for us to be needed. Anybus have this First One come with us now.” 
He watched as the mind walkers got up and went between a break in the chairs with light shows flashing seen. Tom saw the speakers follow them through. He felt himself forced up the stairs by the twins he assumed he'll call them. He got thrust through the break of the chairs and thrust into the gate he figured what it was. He wound up with an image flashed in his mind and came out of the gate finding himself again restrained by the twins. He spotted the third Anybus he assumed nearby. He frowned as Anybus grabbed his chin and appeared to be scrutinizing him by an eye narrowed aimed at him. 
He spoke figuring out the language to speak “Anybus who’s that group of mind walkers anyway with those beings speaking for them?”
He heard a loud whisper from Anybus who spoke “The name is Anubis which is what you’ll refer me from now on. Excuse the group named High Council’s speakers Shad the male and Onya the female saying my name wrong. It’s Anubis anyway.” 
Tom frowned as Anubis he assumed he’ll call him let go of his chin. He heard Anubis gave up an Hmph sound. 
He heard a loud male voice sounding like Peter to him speaking sounding in his mind “Anubis the High Council wants the visitor in their meeting room now.”
He didn’t protest as he was hauled out of the room to a vast hallway. He saw himself led to a break in the wall that seemed lengthy by height into a large room. He saw the familiar mind walkers he assumed he’ll call them High Council seated with their speakers Shad and Onya having heads up. Tom kept his mouth shut feeling like it was required in the presence of the High Council.
Shad was heard speaking “Welcome to Shadan. We're the High Council. We see in your mind previously to your arrival that you have been to Shadan before. You spent some time to Shadan. That was before some status of boredom and feeling useless arrived. This caused you to return to your home dubbed Uzan by the Keo natives.” 
He again kept his mouth shut not recalling the High Council's wording involving Shadan. Onya he heard spoke “Anyway we have plans for you to do. That’ll give you something to do and give you a purpose in life while you’re living here on Shadan. We got the impression from your mind that the Keos on Uzan have found you too much trouble unworthy of living among them. They threw you off to be deposed of on a permanent basis. We found this deposing a waste and not a good thing to do towards you.”
Tom heard from Shad as Onya became silent “Ramses put this First One we dub Mindbender to sleep and transport him to medical for testing on his health. Have Barry debrief him on his purpose of serving us once he’s cleared medically and mentally.” 
He felt the twins' grips off of him to find himself sleepy. Tom saw the metal floor rising up to meet him along with feeling it on his front and shut his eyes passing out unconscious.  

Tom came to, to scream as memories filled his mind. He saw himself living on Shadan as said by the High Council. He continued to scream finding that the boredom he suffered in Shadan was related to him being sick without nourishment. He kept screaming seeing in his mind Thura and himself transported to a Shadonian warship that was leaving the planet. He recalling the warship later identified as Shadonian that had a female Shadonian named Nichelle as the ship's medical officer. He kept on screaming recalling a Banshee appeared in the doorway of the warship's medical bay carrying a sleeping Thurin. Thurin he recalled was handed to Thura before walking back through the doorway disappearing in a light show. He continued to scream as a memory got into his mind of confronting a Keo for being both Banshee and Keo species. Tom saw the confrontation resulted in the Keo a male flaring Banshee eyes and giving off a growling sound in Banshee's tones. He saw the Queen in his mind as he felt rage arrive within him ordered him to oath to not to talk about the Keo Banshee connection. He felt rage as he recalled his mind wiped repeatedly by the Queen erasing various memories within his mind. He saw she mind wiped his knowledge of the Keo Banshee species connection. Hence he recalling the mind wiping as he recalled her mind wiping his knowledge of his son Thurin. 
Tom roared an angry nonsense sound before snarling out loud "The Keos and their Queen are dead to me! I will do what it takes to put them down permanently!"
He cut himself off feeling a hand shaking his shoulder sensing himself lying on a bed clad in some kind of clothes that felt fine to him. He sighed from the memories stopped their assault within him. Tom opened his eyes feeling the clothes. He felt them a shorts, socks and shoes along with pants covering the shorts. He felt a loose on his arms jacket that was loosely opened entirely in front while covering his back completely. His eyes focused on a male leaning over him that removed his hand. He eyed the male who had short blonde hair with brown eyes that flashed golden making him nervous seeing that. He kept his eyes onto the male who straightened up his form as he sat up with a frown staring at him. 
The male spoke in an accent reminding him of Jacin from memories of him “The name is Barry. My species is called Builder despite the appearance of a First One which is another name for Human. First One is what the High Council have named the Human species. The name has stuck for now. You have been dubbed Mindbender by the High Council. It is a name the group have given you due to that you have been called into service of being an assassin which means person who ends another person’s life.” 
He exhaled a breath hearing that from Barry who continued talking “Serve the High Council well. They’ll make your life easier, serve them badly and they’ll make your life in Human terms a living hell.” 
Tom kept his mouth shut as he swung his legs off the bed. He wound up looking Barry up and down to see the male was dressed in black, pants, shoes with a closed jacket like top. He spotted the jacket was having a white triangle collar seen. Tom frowned seeing Barry holding a stick in his right hand before settling on the male’s face. 
He heard from Barry “Oh one thing you should know about my species the Builders. It is that we have the ability to manipulate people by a certain voice tone spoken in a certain language. There are people immune to that voice talent done onto them. Your not one of those people. I tried my voice talent out on you while you were asleep and you obeyed my orders.” 
Tom exhaled a breath through his mouth to inhale a breath and to speak as Barry became silent “Does Shadan have any Meritanians?”
He frowned as Barry spoke “Yes so far there are four of them known by the names of Ramses and Tank two males and two females named Erra and Terra. There’s a manoid species called Highlander that are mind walkers. They currently dominate the High Council and the base your on. Highlanders when you see them have pointed ears and some smallness eye look that the First Ones dubbed Asian. That's due to having First Ones with similar facial appearance. Be warned that Highlanders will scan your mind at will with or without your permission or you liking it.”
He exhaled a breath to hear a familiar male voice sounding in his mind “Barry, the High Council want Mindbender to the interrogation room now where he’s to get his orders.” 
He frowned as Barry spoke sounding like gibberish in some tone that made him compelled to stand up which he obeyed. Tom found himself facing a male in a squat position while held up by chains with arms above him appearing to be asleep and naked. He eyed the male’s face with a frown with recognition running through him to see it was twin Jacin. He heard an excuse me spoken off his right to look to see a manoid wearing shiny black clothing that was he sensed similar to his clothes. Tom spied ears pointed as a Keo while wearing a mask covering the upper level of the face around the eyes with brown eyes seen that didn’t look kind. 
Tom frowned as the Highlander he assumed spoke sounding in a monotone voice “This First One has dubbed himself Jinks Montreal. Others have identified him by two other names such as Osiris and Lance Richard. We are trying to find out how Osiris known as another species got changed into a First One which tests have prove inconclusive. We are also trying to find out more about this Lance Richard. He has managed to torture the Meritanians through use of earthquake powers.”
He kept his mouth shut as the Highlander looked away appearing to look passed him before adding while looking at him “You’re here to just to observe this interrogation season done on this Jinks Montreal. That’s it as ordered by the High Council.” 
He got a head cock from the Highlander which he figured that the male wanted him to talk which he spoke “Fine anything else besides that?”
He got a head shake in a Human no gesture from the Highlander who reached forwards towards him to grip his arm and pulled him away from Jinks he assumed he’ll call him. He found himself led further into the darkness and out of the spotlight’s glare. He felt himself halted and arm freed which he turned to face Jinks to hear a whining squeal sound. Tom saw Anubis appear from a hidden state ability that reached out a hand and slapped Jinks on the cheek repeatedly. Tom watched as Jinks woke up from the slapping shaking his head and straightening his form. Anubis stood facing Jinks before walking out of the spotlight towards him which he saw went to stand next to him. He watched Jinks and listened to the interrogation happening. 
He heard a Highlander voice sounding next to him speaking as if amplified by the loud tone “Who are you?”
Tom watched as Jinks kept his mouth shut as the Highlander repeated his question. He saw the questioning was followed by Jinks arching himself repeatedly. He saw Jinks' arching was appearing to be his back and making a grimace of pain on his face .Tom stiffened hearing the familiar sound of an electrical whip hitting Jinks' back from the noises heard. 
He heard Jinks speak “I don’t get it your question-” 
He heard Jinks groan loudly as the male again arched his back while again hearing the familiar whip sound while cutting off his talk.
Tom heard the Highlander speak “State your name now.” 
He heard Jinks blurted out “Osiris.” 
He again saw Jinks arch his back while grimacing of pain again as the whip was heard.
He frowned as the Highlander spoke “No, not that name. I meant the First Ones’ name you were given.” 
Jinks he heard spoke “What’s a First One anyway?”
He saw Jinks again arch himself while grimacing from the whip as the Highlander spoke “First One is the name of the species you’re posing as, idiot.” 
Tom frowned at the word idiot as Jinks spoke “Burke Richardson Junior-“
He saw Jinks cut himself off by arching his back who groaned out “What’s with hitting me with pain when I just answered your question?”
Tom frowned as Jinks again arched his back as the Highlander spoke “Silence you idiot with your questions!”
He continued to see Jinks arch his back as the Highlander spoke “Who’s Lance Richard?”
Jinks he eyed spoke grimacing “A religious leader or God of some cult.” 
Tom saw Jinks appear to be breathing hard through his mouth and eyed him gritting his teeth for the pain of the whip which he didn’t hear. He heard silence from the Highlander and eyed Jinks who appeared to relax his form. He stiffened as Jinks gave out a loud groan as the whip was heard again along with some sound that he wasn’t sure what it was. 
He heard the Highlander speak again sounding annoyed “Don’t play me! Who’s Lance Richard? Answer that question now!”
Jinks groaned out “I just told you!”
He saw Jinks jerked arching his back as the whip hit him was heard along with the unfamiliar noise sounded again loudly appearing to be louder to him. 
He heard the Highlander speaking sounding angry “Confirm or deny, are you Lance Richard?”
Jinks, Tom heard groaned loudly as the whip was heard along with the noise sounding loudly which he saw the male again arch his back.
He heard Jinks speak “I deny.” 
He again saw Jinks arched his back as the whip hit him again. 
Tom heard the Highlander speaking sounding annoyed “You lie according to the lie detector. Confirm that you are Lance Richard.” 
He eyed Jinks to sense with distaste running through him that the male was getting angry from the whipping that hit him repeatedly. He heard Jinks growl some gonoid sound as the Highlander repeated his words. Tom watched Jinks pull at the chains holding his wrists. He heard silence from the Highlander sensing Jinks was furiously angry. Jinks he saw gave up a roaring like cry yanked his wrists free from the chains holding them to squat down on the ground. Tom saw Anubis walk into the spotlight holding his stick weapon with a long knife end, in front of him with a hand on it. He stiffened as Jinks’ eyes turn golden colored. Tom figured that Jinks had allowed rage to take control and continued to watch as Anubis was charged by the male. He grimaced as Anubis gave off a loud groaning sound dropping the stick and hitting the ground unconscious. Jinks was seen picking up the stick. He saw Jinks appeared to stop being too angry judging by the eyes stopped glowing golden. He watched as Jinks looked down at Anubis then roared out an angry cry. Tom frowned as Jinks spun around facing another direction and darted out of the spotlight. He saw hiding in the darkness were two masked Highlanders with male forms standing besides a boxy machine. The two Highlanders he saw were holding gun like weapons in their hands in front of them aimed at Jinks with lips seen curled in frowns. Jinks he saw charged at the two Highlanders roaring with fury at them. One of the Highlanders he saw dropped his weapon and turned around running away appearing to be out of fear. He grimaced as Jinks swung the stick as the male reached the other Highlander whose gun gave off a clicking noise. Tom sensed the Highlander’s gun was jammed from the sound. Jinks he continued to watch brought the stick against the Highlander hitting the male in the head. The Highlander he grimaced fully fell against the boxy machine and slid to the floor dropping the gun he figured was put asleep. He grimaced forming it on his face as Jinks angrily brought the stick against the Highlander’s body. He grimaced again as Jinks began whacking the Highlander with the weapon repeatedly over and over. Jinks he saw was appearing to be not caring where the stick landed by it all over the Highlander’s body. He saw a Highlander appear in a flash of light underneath the spotlight that had a gun weapon in his hand who pointed it at Jinks' back. Gun appearing to be aiming to Jinks' back he saw and saw the Highlander firing it with the gun giving off some noise that made him grimace. He saw a cylinder syringe like object come out of the gun hitting Jinks on the back. Jinks appeared to ignore the dart he assumed what it was to keep on hitting the Highlander. He continued to watch as Jinks stopped whacking the Highlander and dropped the stick falling towards the ground onto his knees then slid to the floor with form still. He sensed Jinks had fallen into a sleeping state. Tom frowned as the Highlander went to Jinks to stub the male with his foot appearing to be checking to make sure that the dart had put him to sleep. He watched as the Highlander stopped the stubbing with the foot and back away a few steps. He saw the twins appear in flashes of light that picked up Jinks by the arms that sagged in their grips while still asleep. He then saw the three of them disappear with another flash of light. Tom frowned as the scene changed to find himself standing in some hallway which Anubis appeared in front of him with a whining squeal sound. 
Anubis he stared at spoke in a loud whisper “Follow me now Mindbender.” 
He obeyed following Anubis in the hallway which ended with a door in the wall in front of him and a door in the wall off his right. Anubis he saw went to the door and saw the thing slid open. He was gestured to go inside by Anubis pointing fingers aimed at him and towards the open doorway. He obeyed finding the room was occupied by robed figures standing crowded facing a window which one looked in his direction and looked away. He heard the door slid shut behind him as he went up to the High Council he figured what they were. Tom peered through the window just in time to see the twins putting a naked male figure on a mattress bed and putting chain manacles on the male’s wrists and ankles then fading from view. 
Tom heard a male voice sounding in his mind speaking “What do you think of this Jinks aka Osiris from observing him being interrogated hmm?”
He felt a hand on his shoulder looked off his right to see one of the High Council members had a gloved hand on him and was looking in his direction. 
He frowned as the male voice continued speaking “Just verbalize your words please. We like to know a First One perspective towards First Ones being interrogated.” 
Tom obeyed speaking out loud “I noticed that this Jinks seemed to get angry from being hit with what I call a whip. He took out his rage on the ones who caused the whip to hit him. It was like he was retaliating against those who caused him pain to me.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as `he heard nothing in response. Tom saw the High Council member looked away towards the window removing his hand. He copied to see the naked male he assumed was Jinks was underneath a thick half cylinder tube and a pipe was flashing some red light at the male’s feet. He continued to watch noticing masked Highlanders in the room about two of them at consoles. Both Highlanders were seen in front of a wall opposite from the cylinder and appearing to have their attention on the monitors. He eyed Jinks through the cylinder to see the male sit up with an angry expression on his face that snapped off the manacles. Tom grimaced seeing Jinks grabbed the light pipe tearing part of it off as the masked Highlanders he noticed darted towards the cylinder. He watched as Jinks got of the bed and darted underneath it into an acrobatic roll. He saw Jinks sprung up to charge towards the masked Highlanders seeing them pointing gun weapons aimed at him. He figured that Jinks was having what he dubbed rage episode again. The Highlanders appeared to have their guns jammed who quickly darted away towards the window. Jinks overtook them and hit them on the back of their heads knocking them to the floor. Tom grimaced as Jinks looked in his direction with a golden eyed Human like glare that charged towards the window and began pounding on it with his hands fisted as cracks formed on it. He eyed Jinks’ eyes which changed from golden to Human's blue that continued pounding. He saw Jinks then halted with eyes shutting and collapsing onto the floor. He saw as Jinks felt Anubis appeared behind the male holding a gun weapon he recognized belonged to one of the fallen Highlanders. He saw the familiar twins appear from hidden states to pick up Jinks and then disappeared in a flash of light. He frowned as the scene changed to find himself back facing Barry who stood with hands on his stick he figured from memory was a cane to help with walking. 
He frowned as Barry spoke “So what’s your point of view towards the situation regarding Jinks Montreal hmm?”
Tom spoke “Just that this Jinks let anger take control to control him to do physical acts of harm towards people along with doing damage too.” 
Tom clamped his mouth shut as Barry spoke “Then what is the lesson I want you to learn?”
He sighed loudly and saw Barry’s eyes narrow into a glare making him nervous unexpectedly. 
He spoke in a groaning tone “The lesson is I shouldn’t let anger take control of me to cause physical acts of harm towards people. I shouldn't let anger take control to do damage like I said regarding Jinks.” 
He sighed again as Barry nodded his head in a short bob with glare remaining on his face. 
Barry he heard spoke “Well appears you have gotten the lesson what the High Council want you to learn. Keep that lesson in mind and don’t forget it. It’ll keep you in the High Council’s good graces. It's for them to keep you active along with giving you something to do get it?”
He bobbed his head in response in a First One yes gesture as Barry continued “Come along while I show you where you’re to get your nourishment for that feeding tube in your arm.” 
He sighed and wordlessly followed Barry using the cane out of the room to a hallway. He continued to follow that led to a set of double doors which inside he saw a somewhat low ceilinged large room with people in there. He saw two Highlanders male and female that looked in his direction. Tom saw what Barry meant by eye smallness due to that they weren’t masked. He saw them look at him before resuming staring at each other while cocking their heads. He saw a male he recognized as a Shadonian standing in front of windows. The windows flashed scenes while seeing the Shadonian a male was drinking from a golden cup that held it up towards him in some salute before resuming drinking slowly from the cup. He saw a group of six people gathered at one end of the bar that didn’t look in his direction as one appeared to be the bartender to him. Tom followed Barry passed the two Highlanders to the bar. He got ordered to sit on a stool and hold out his arm with the injector in it. He obeyed to do it along with rolling up his sleeve to frown as the bartender with a First One like face. He noticed was having jewels on the forehead of small jewels surrounding a big one and all black eyes. He saw the bartender had no First One ears seen while having stringy hair that reminded him of the Keos arrived to hold up a syringe holding familiar white liquid in it that sloshed. Tom didn’t comment as the bartender put the syringe in his hand unexpectedly. He found the bartender speaking in Basic he recognizing the language “You need to learn how to do this yourself.” 
He frowned for the spoken accent seemed familiar and reminded him of something. He held the syringe as a memory came to his mind. He saw fully on going through the gate with an image of blackness in his mind while wearing the mask. Tom grunted a soft groan recalling himself coming out of the gate to darkness and feeling cold while floating in it. He shut his eyes grimacing as he remembered screaming mentally pleadings to help him over and over. Tom stiffened from a hand touching his shoulder from the memory along with feeling a pulling sensation including heaviness hitting him. He remembered meeting the Humanians who spoke in their language of Hammarabbi as called on their warship. Tom groaned loudly recalling used by the Humanians as a translator speaking Basic for them while on something called a space station to meet other manoid species. He quit his groaning to remember being forced to wear the mask while contained followed by entering a doorway with an image in his mind. Tom stiffened as he recalled the doorway entering led him to a Banshee nest where the Banshees insulted him with various insults. 
Tom bared his teeth recalling one of the insults said "Freak!"
He felt a hand rubbing the top of his head making him open his eyes to find Barry was the hand's owner. 
Tom frowned eyeing Barry who removed his hand and spoke "Shouldn't you be feeding yourself?"
He didn’t protest or say a comment in response. He with his right hand with some effort put the syringe in his injector and sighed loudly as liquid from it went into his arm via the tubal area. He felt himself much better from the nourishment removed the syringe once it was empty and handed it to the bartender who took it. Tom sighed again and frowned as he felt a hand on his left shoulder which he looked to find one of the jeweled faced people was there having facial hair. 
He frowned as the male spoke sounding in a familiar accent in Basic “Our species name is Listener. Don’t insult us by calling us by that hated name of Annukai whether it’s our actual species name or not doesn’t matter. Just don’t call us that period or you’ll be sorry and we mean it with that threat.” 
Tom didn’t comment in response as the Listener walked away removing his hand. 
He shifted to eye Barry who spoke “Let me show you where you’re to sleep.” 
He wordlessly followed Barry out of the room to the end of the hallway off his right. He saw Barry reaching the last door in the wall which slid open and the Builder gestured for him to go in. 
He walked inside and heard Barry behind him “As an assassin of the High Council you’re to get as much rest and nourishment. The group from what I know of them will be throwing you into various jobs. They may be back to back without an end of them so be warned of what I said.” 
He didn’t comment walked into the room hearing the door slid shut behind him to see it was similar to the room he woke up in with Barry waking him. Tom went to the bed and laid his form down shutting his eyes. He stiffened as memories of the Keos came to him along with a headache. Tom wound up recalling with anger running through him that the Keos blamed him for the death of one of them when it really Peter a Meritanian who controlled him to do the job. He continued to recall with anger taking control of the Keos’ attitudes towards him for the killing despite the truth out that it was a Meritanian who manipulated him. Tom woke up with anger running through him. He sat up and stormed off the bed and began to pace back and forth feeling rage running through him. He kneeled and shut his eyes forcing himself to mediate only to feel rage getting worse running through him. Tom opened his eyes and gave out a loud angry roaring sound of anger. He roared and roared while feeling rage running through him only to feel a hand cover his mouth feeling gloved. He struggled against the hand’s hold as he felt his anger leave him making him feel sadness. His eyes watered unexpectedly as Tom felt unbearable sadness hitting him. He shut his eyes and rocked his form while clutching his arms together along with still feeling the gloved hand covering his mouth. 
He heard a voice sounding in his mind in a female tone not familiar “Come to me.”
Tom felt the hand off his mouth obeyed opening his eyes getting up. He felt himself in a trance walked forwards sensing a hand on his shoulder. He ignored to find himself going up a set of stairs he didn’t count that didn't seem lengthy followed by a break. Tom went forwards till he kneeled still feeling the hand on his shoulder. He placed his head on a lap hands on the legs of a person feeling like they were wearing a dressy long robe. Tom felt hands gloved stroke his head in a gentle movement. 
He again heard the female voice speaking sounding in his mind “I oath to you I will not let the Keo hurt you again. It’ll be they who will suffer for causing you pain. You have my word on that.”
He numbly didn’t comment a response sensing the female was genuine with her words. He continued to keep his head on the female’s lap he assumed as he felt sleepiness hitting him. 
He again heard the female voice speaking “Just sleep this off and you’ll feel much better from the rest.” 
He obeyed shutting his eyes and slid off the female’s form. He felt himself lifted up and carried by hands and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Tom came to with a gasp feeling a stick poking him in the stomach. 
He forced open his eyes to see Anubis standing over him poking him with the butt end of his stick. 
Anubis he stared at with confusion whispered loudly while removing the stick “The High Council orders you to wake up.” 
Tom found himself on his side rolled onto his back and swung himself up with an acrobatic move to face the High Council. He frowned seeing instead of their speakers in place was a male masked Highlander in their spots with the group seated behind him. 
He faced the High Council to hear from the Highlander speaking “Says we have a job for you so turn around see what it is.” 
He obeyed to find a female Keo wearing a gonoid skin dress held in the hand grips of the twin gonoid head manoids. He saw her with eyes closed shaking her head as if she was struggling to wake up from being in a sleep status. His senses blared warning along with sensing something odd from her. 
Tom again heard from the Highlander “Says kill this Keo anyway you wish Mindbender.” 
He frowned as the female Keo jerked opened her eyes and stared at him with some familiar look before opening her mouth and got it covered by Anubis. He felt a headache of his mind scanned saw her eyes narrow with a familiar look in them that again made his senses blare warning. Tom put on his mask and if compelled scanned the Keo’s mind to stiffen seeing memories of her raising a male First One his senses again blare warning. He saw clearly in her mind the male turning out to be himself which he stiffened from shock running through him. He again continued up the scans which he sensed none of the female Keos were in her mind just her own mind along with the name of Alesia.
He heard from her mentally “Tom it’s me the one who raised you.” 
He stiffened as the Highlander sounded behind him loudly “Says kill her.” 
He yanked off his mask and kneeled from being dizzy. He shut his eyes and heard loud groaning sounds along with awks heard. 
He heard “Anubis protect the High Council silly!”
The voice sounded Highlander like to him. He felt arms wrapping around him in a tight hold he recognized from the feeling belonging to Alesia. He heard gave off a groaning noise that sounded like she was giving off the Keo sound of crying. He felt anger hitting him from Alesia holding him as the sound stopped then the arms removed themselves. Her hands were felt on his face appearing to be examining the scar on his cheek which he felt like protesting to the touch. He growled some angry noise to open his eyes staring at Alesia. She he saw resumed holding him in a hug while leaning her chin on the side of his head. He felt his anger leave him as he smiled a small smile from the feeling of pleasure hitting him from Alesia's hug hold. He stiffened from that pleasure feeling to feel anger hitting him only to feel her arms off of him to find himself seated in a chair with a hand patting his cheek. He opened his eyes with a start feeling confused as to the scenario with the Keo flashing in his mind to see the hand’s owner was a masked Highlander. 
Tom frowned as the Highlander spoke “Get up and strip yourself of your clothes and get onto the scanner bed now.” 
He looked around to see he was in a familiar room where Jinks was in that was scanned by a machine. 
The Highlander added talking “Mindbender, the High Council wants to know why your implanted with an apparent oxygen mask and tube to take in nourishment instead of manoids’ way of through the mouth.” 
He exhaled a breath hearing that from the Highlander that folded his arms and appeared to be glaring at him. Tom without a comment got up and stripped himself of his clothes and shoes. He sensed himself watched by people behind a large black window on the wall off his right. He figured that the watchers were the High Council themselves as he was instructed to get onto the mattress bed. He obeyed and frowned as the Highlander clamped on manacles on his wrists and ankles along with ordering him to stay still. He lay on the bed feeling it move as if pushed underneath the large half cylinder. Tom spotted the familiar pipe scanner device that emanated a red laser. The device was felt beginning to hit his feet giving him stabbing pin pricks of pain from it as it traveled up his body in a very slow maneuver. Tom laid his head back and stared at the white cylinder mentally ordering himself not to resists to the scanner’s scanning bringing pain each time it hit him. He grimaced when the scanner hit his sensitive part and gritted his teeth as it traveled up its entire length then sighed once the device bypassed the area. 
He mentally thought as if compelled “Restraints off.” 
He heard click sounds and felt the restraints restraining him break apart but kept himself lying on the bed in a still position. The scanner he assumed was the red tube like was felt travelling up his upper body then hit his neck. He groaned loudly from the pain as it began to hit his face. Tom forced his face to remain in a blank position while inwardly grimacing from the pain as the scanner traveled the entire length of his head. He sighed as the pain stopped once it reached the end of him. Tom saw the device slid by his entire body and back into its former spot with no red light shown from it. He sighed and didn’t comment as the bed was moved out from underneath the cylinder. Tom got ordered by the Highlander there to get up and put on his clothes. He obeyed to feel sleepiness hitting him went to the chair seeing it had wheels on it and sat with arms folded shutting his eyes. Tom blinked his eyes abruptly from feeling a hand patting his cheek. He opened his eyes raising his head finding himself in the High Council’s throne room while restrained in a chair. He saw he had chain manacles on his form as Anubis he saw removed his hand. 
He frowned finding the familiar Highlander speaker was there that spoke “Says free yourself from the restraints of the chair now.” 
He felt a headache of his mind scanned. Tom felt himself confused to recall the scanner test and freeing himself from the manacles of the scanner’s bed. 
Tom mentally spoke “Restraints off.” 
He found his order obeyed by the restraints of the chair breaking apart into two pieces. Tom sighed seeing that there was room for him to pull himself out and get up from the chair where he stood folding his arms. 
He spoke “The results of the test you did on me? I like to know.” 
He got from the Highlander speaker “Says all in good time is when you’ll be revealed the results. We have to analysis the results first to be sure that their accurate then will share it with you as soonest as possible.” 
He frowned but refrained from commenting a remark as the scene changed to find himself in a bedroom facing Barry seated on the bed. 
Barry spoke “What the High Council said is speak for ‘We’ll tell you when we think you should know’ period.” 
Tom felt his mood flattened hearing Barry’s words as the male continued talking “Some time ago the High Council used to share various things with their servants and their motives for what they wanted for their orders. This stopped when their wants were sabotaged repeatedly over and over by their own servants and their enemies as well. So now they don’t share various information related to their wants and orders. The information the group shares, is on a need to know basis only. That’s related to their orders and their motives as well.”
Tom frowned hearing that as Barry continued “It’s up to you to get yourself the needed sleep and nourishment while between orders by the High Council. Don’t expect further help from me on this area. I can only answer certain questions you ask. The group says I can answer on but off subject questions I can’t answer them.” 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth then inhaled through his nose to speak as Barry became silent recalling something “How tuned are the Highlanders towards the Meritanians in the area near their base anyway?”
He frowned as Barry spoke “Ah what the Meritanians say every single Highlander on the base can hear their words. So can some non Highlander individuals including myself as well. Just don’t blab the fact that I can hear them to the High Council. They already know of this. They don’t like being reminded that non Highlanders can hear the Meritanians while living on their home base.” 
He frowned to hear a male voice sounding in his mind abruptly “High Council I would advise you against having Mindbender teaching your servants Combative Art training. There are Freeloaders detected hanging around who are still set on having a First One do the teaching. The Freeloaders will do what it takes to keep other species from taking the job period. Sorry High Council, think of something else anyway.” 
He heard from Barry as Ramses he assumed became silent “Freeloader is the High Council’s name for the species you refer as Keo.” 
He stiffened hearing Barry’s words as the male continued talking “They’ve been detected hanging around in Shadan one hundred First One years ago. The Freeloaders have been responsible for acts of sabotage done to the High Council. The Keo species as you called them wound up dubbed Freeloader. That's from the Freeloaders detected stealing various things from the High Council’s home base. The Freeloaders has kept up the behavior despite the group’s attempts to get them to stop. I suspect that their responsible for the High Council having a need to know policy around here when it comes to sharing information among their own servants.”
Tom continued to stiffen as Barry continued to talk “I suggest you go get some nourishment and sleep now. You never know when the High Council will call you into service. They don’t give out any warnings period. Excuse me I have to go get some nourishment for myself as well.” 
He watched as Barry got up and left the room. He figured he’ll follow and followed him to the familiar room holding a bar and chairs he figured he’ll refer as bar room. Tom went to sit on a stool next to Barry. He was handed the syringe by the bartender. He with careful maneuvering got the thing into his injector. He rolled his eyes sighing loudly as the syringe’s liquid went into his injector. He felt his strength reaching another level but still felt it wasn’t enough. He opened his eyes and handed the bartender the syringe.
Tom spoke hearing his voice sounding of pleading “More, what I had wasn’t enough.”
He got handed a cup holding white liquid in it and told “I was ordered to give you this and don’t ask me what I think about the order.” 
He didn’t comment in response reached the cup towards his lips. He stiffened feeling the cup knocked out of his hand's grip. Tom felt a stinging pain in his neck and his form knocked off the stool onto the floor. He quickly rolled around and swung himself up with an acrobatic move to see a Banshee nearby fade from view. Tom felt rage hitting him gave up a loud growling sound. He brought hands to his face rubbing it while rubbing his hands through his hair yanking at the strains. 
He heard Ramses’ voice abruptly sounding in his mind “High Council, the Freeloaders are demanding me to transport Mindbender to them. They claim that they injected him with poison. They will keep on injecting him with that substance till you agree to their demands.”
Tom felt his mood become fouler as he felt his arms grabbed by familiar hands of Keos. He felt his hands wretched from his face along with his mask thrust onto his face. He felt a female Keo’s hand was felt on his cheek along with the mental command of scanning her mind. His eyes focused on a female Keo standing in front of him that made his senses blare warning. He was insisted again on scanning her mind which he obeyed to discover that she was the Queen. Tom felt his scans of her manipulated by the female Keos’ links in her mind to see what they wanted him to see angering him. He saw clearly in her mind identifying her as Alesia with scattered memories of himself being raised by her which he stiffened realizing that she was his Keo Mother. He continued to scan her mind realizing that the female Keo wasn't his Keo Mother Alesia herself. He kept on doing the scan as compelled to see from Alesia's point of view of her seated in the throne room chair. He growled a soft sound seeing Alesia attacked by Banshees one her mind identified as Geelley. He saw Alesia to come to discovering herself no longer their Queen while contained in a cell in the asylum wearing restraints on her arms. He continued to see her being hauled out and brought to a window of a cell. Tom saw himself lying in there asleep while wearing restraints on his arms. He wound up hearing Peter's familiar words yelling at himself to wake up. He recalled Peter's yelling included saying that Thura was there seeing him and he would miss her if he didn’t do it. Tom saw from Alesia's eyes sight of view of himself getting up walking towards the window and leaning against it. He growled angrily to see some look on his face he recognized it as happiness. Then she was yanked away and hauled to a gate her mind identified as a travel gate. Alesia he saw thrust through it finding herself falling onto ground and felt minds of female Keos linking with her abruptly. He kept scanning her mind as if still compelled that the Queen learned from her mind link with the female Keos that the Keos living on Shadan the planet was called were descendants of exiled Keos sent through the travel gate. None of their offspring they had produced a Pishon with mind powerful enough to take the Queen leadership duties due to acting insane when the Pishons tried to pick one of the position.
Tom heard from Alesia abruptly speaking through the female Keo “We’re watching you. So be careful of what you do and say around the High Council who we have declared an enemy of us.” 
He felt the oxygen mask off his face and the Keos’ holds off of him along with the female's hand off. Tom blinked his eyes of dizziness while shaking his head feeling his raging mood still within him. 
He heard sounding loudly “Mindbender, your in the High Council’s presence so turn around now.” 
He shook his head recognizing the voice as Anubis obeyed to focus his eyes onto the High Council seated in their seats with a familiar Highlander standing in their speakers’ spots. 
He willed himself to calm as the Highlander spoke “Says Anubis, hand him the drink for he needs it."
He got handed a cup holding white liquid and sighed holding it up towards his lips only to hear a whining squeal sound and a hand Keo like clamped over the cup. He looked off his left with his mood becoming fouler to glare at a Keo a Gihon standing next to him. The Keo made his senses blare warning as he felt a stinging pain in his neck. He glared at the Keo and with such force removed the Keo’s hand and again brought the cup to his lips. 
He wound up only to hear from the Keo speaking loudly “Tom don’t, remember you already tried to take in nourishment by drinking it and what happened after that.” 
He heard the familiarity of the Keo’s voice shifted his eyes towards the High Council to find Anubis and fellow gonoid twin guards standing on the steps with stick weapons thrust in front of them. He then looked at the Keo hearing his name spoken by the male in a pleading tone. Tom threw the cup towards the wall off his right and charged towards the Keo growling of anger to find the male stepping aside and tripping him which he hit the floor with a grunt. Tom twisted his form onto his back and felt a foot feeling Keo like gagging him on the throat along with zapping pains whenever he moved. He kept his form still to glare at the Keo that bowed its form towards him. 
He heard a male voice sounding in his mind “I never stopped caring about you Tom as my son. I will not stop that care period. I’ll see that you are not harmed even while underneath the High Council’s care.”
Tom widened his eyes as he stiffened with shock realizing that the Keo was his father Thurin himself. Thurin he saw removed his foot from his neck and straightened up his form.
Thurin he heard spoke in a loud tone making him think it was shouting “We’re watching you Tom!” 
Tom saw Thurin his father fade from view and he swung himself up with an acrobatic move to stand facing the High Council with hands fisted. He jerked feeling a hand Keo like touch him on the neck as a stinging pain was felt then the hand removed itself. He eyed the High Council as Anubis and twins moved in some fast blurring speed from standing on the steps to appear standing next to him. Appearing to be flanking him with Anubis standing off his left he glimpsed. 
He continued to eye the High Council as the Highlander speaker spoke “Says talk Mindbender on what that Freeloader was warning you about.” 
He stiffened as he recalled abruptly his body’s reaction to drinking the liquid in, by cup. He then later recalled throwing up the substance along with passed out asleep. He recalled feeling large amounts of nourishment was injected into his injector that woke him up. He stiffened being told that his body while asleep started showing some blue lined look by a Keo. The lines went away after being injected five times and he woke up. Tom remembered feeling a weakness feeling hitting him that required him to sleep for two suns straight before waking up. He remembered feeling his strength returning after giving an injection of nourishment. 
Tom heard from Anubis whispering loudly “Talk Mindbender now as ordered by the High Council.”
He obeyed speaking the contents of his memory involving what he just remembered. Including what happened when it comes to drinking liquid through mouth and his body’s reaction to it. He added told what happened to his body and what it took to wake him up along with his recovery to get back to normal. 
He clamped his mouth shut once done and heard from the Highlander speaker “Says talk Mindbender on what the nourishment injected into you makes you feel now.” 
He felt his mood stop feeling raging as a headache of his mind scanned was felt then the head pain stopped which he sighed. 
Tom spoke “I think the best way to describe it is feelings of my strength returning after feeling weakness hitting me from not taking in the nourishment after a period of time.” 
He clamped his mouth shut and formed a frown as the Highlander speaker he noticed bowed his head. This was followed by the High Council behind the male shaking their heads sideways and waving their black gloved hands in some sort of gestures that made him think of Thura and her finger spelling. He figured that the group was talking among each other in a discussion that seemed lengthy to him. 
He eyed the Highlander speaker focusing on the male who raised his head and spoke “Says Ramses transport Mindbender to the General now.” 
Tom felt himself still in the High Council’s throne room as the Highlander continued speaking “Ramses!”
He heard from Ramses “Sorry High Council, Barry anticipated a problem with that order you just gave and commanded me not to do it.” 
He heard from the Highlander speaker “Says transport Barry to us now.” 
Tom saw a light flash off his right to look and saw Barry standing there that looked in his direction before shifting to face the High Council which the male spoke “It’s the Freeloaders. One of them contacted me and told me in some rude tone that Mindbender has a weakness when it comes to fighting manoids in physical combat battles. His oxygen mask according to the Freeloader at my voice order when worn gives Mindbender an ability to physically defeat manoids in battles. This ability is focused on using mental orders something when he was raised by them. He’s undefeated in that area but it wears him down too easily. Also according to the Freeloader, Mindbender fighting physically without his oxygen mask on, is undefeated when fighting First Ones even those with similar Combative Art training. Mindbender among Freeloaders using their mental abilities can easily defeat him. He's nearly equal to Freeloaders using Freeloader's physical strenthy. Mindbender can only defeat Freeloaders if they are in a certain mood which is this First One term of anger.” 
He frowned hearing Barry’s words to recall the male wasn’t lying on what he said. He recalling fully in his mind from being trained in combative art moves by the Queen’s guards. He recalled fighting with various Keos over the cycles of his training to suffer multiple defeats when not wearing his oxygen mask. 
He heard from the Highlander speaker loudly breaking his thoughts “Says Mindbender confirm or deny what Barry just said.”
He focused on the High Council to speak loudly “Barry isn’t lying on what he acquired from the Freeloader.” 
He clamped his mouth shut figuring that he’ll refer the Keos in the High Council’s presence and servants as Freeloaders but as by them the Keo name to himself and to them when in the Keos’ presence.
He eyed Barry as he heard from the Highlander speaker “Says Barry produce a Freeloader now.” 
He heard Barry speaking in foreign language sounding to him in some voice tone that made him feel creep out. He heard a whining squeal like annoying sound. He frowned as the noises cut itself followed by groaning noises off his left as the male cut his talk. He looked to see the twins had a Keo by the arms which the male was shaking his head looking disorient to him. Tom looked away towards the High Council to see the familiar speaker had his head bowed. Tom eyed the Keo to see the male was still shaking his head with a grimace on his face whose eyes appeared to be focused on him by them narrowing. He stared at the Keo back in response feeling himself not angry but felt disgust. His mind was abruptly scanned which he felt the emotion continued to take hold within him.  He continued to feel his mind scanned sensed it was from the Keo who shifted form into a Banshee. Tom heard awks from the twins as they released the Keo followed by the Banshee shifting back into a Keo who faded from view. Tom frowned as he felt the headache of his mind scanned remained to feel the emotion of disgust stop hitting him. 
Tom continued to frown as the headache stopped and looked away towards the Highlander who spoke “Says Ramses transport Mindbender to interrogation room. Have prisoner number five sent to there with orders of recorders to be turned on in that room now and have them both fight each other physically to the death.”
He heard Barry speaking foreign language followed by Ramses’ familiar voice speaking “Sorry High Council, Barry commanded me not to do it.”
Tom heard from Barry “I wouldn’t recommend that prisoner to fight Mindbender. That's from knowing he would tear off Mindbender’s oxygen mask off his form in the process of fighting and cause him terrible pain to be put down easily.” 
He felt disgust take hold to hear from the Highlander “Says what prisoner do you have in mind Barry and speak it now?!”
He looked at Barry who spoke “Not a prisoner but army soldier call sign Excuser with orders to not to tear off Mindbender’s oxygen mask. Have Mindbender and Excuser fight a knock off the feet fight along with trying to immobilize the opponent till they voice surrender. Besides this servant of yours has reached the end of the General’s patience when it comes to using various excuses to getting out of doing things related to life at the army barrack. The General in question has conversed with his second in command on having Excuser put down on a permanent basis. It’s obvious that the soldier doesn’t want to do anything he orders him to do. I believe fighting Mindbender will be a good punishment. Mindbender himself will demonstrate his physical combative moves including his mental abilities while wearing the oxygen mask, on opponents when they attempt to fight him in battles.” 
He heard from the Highlander “Says fine put this in action now Barry, Ramses.” 
Tom blinked his eyes to find himself underneath a large spotlight while it was surrounded by darkness. 
He saw various devices nearby that he figured were recorders as he heard a loud voice speaking “Put on your oxygen mask Mindbender now!”
He obeyed as there was a light flash in front of him showing a Highlander wearing some blue outfit and black boots than charged towards him with hands fisted.
Tom mentally spoke “Throw back.” 
He saw his order obeyed by the Highlander flew backwards in a flying move out of the spotlight and watching him hit the ground sliding onto it. 
Tom heard from the voice loudly “Mindbender physically attempt to defeat your opponent without the oxygen mask on now!”
He obeyed yanking the oxygen mask off and felt the familiar dizziness. He focused on the Highlander fighter that awkwardly got up from the floor and charged towards him. Tom waited till the Highlander reached him and recalling his combative training physically knocked the fighter off his feet onto his front onto the ground. He in a fast speed move grabbed the Highlander’s arm as the fighter sat up and twisting it behind the male’s back in a tight grip arching it up. He wound up sensing the arm twisting was painful to the Highlander who gave up a loud groaning noise. He continued to hold the Highlander’s arm in the grip as the Highlander he sensed struggled in vain to get out of his grips while still sitting on the floor.
The Highlander was heard yelled “Alright I surrender so release me now!”   
He heard from the voice “Mindbender! Physically fight your opponent without knocking him down to the ground.”
He released his hold on the Highlander who got up awkwardly and charged towards him. He proceeded to do combative art training onto the male finding himself fighting offensively and defensively at various times. 
He felt the familiar weakness feeling knocked the Highlander off his feet onto his stomach and placed a foot on the male’s back. 
Tom spoke out loud “I need nourishment.” 
Tom heard “Mindbender can you hold out?”
He spoke loudly still holding the Highlander down “With oxygen mask on it’ll put me down asleep for two suns straight. Without wearing it I can hold on but I would need about this number of injections to avoid sleeping.” 
He held up three fingers and gestured with a hand while speaking “The number of fingers up is the number of the injections I need.” 
Tom heard from the voice “Hold on while you get transported.” 
He found himself in a familiar hallway leading to the barroom which he went inside to find Barry there seated drinking slowly from a cup. Tom went to sit down ignoring the Highlanders watching him and was handed three syringes. He with effort managed to get their contents into his injector while sighing loudly from the feel of his strength returning. 
Tom frowned noticing Barry had a look on his face aimed at him that made him think it was disgust which the male looked away as Ramses’ voice was heard “Mindbender the High Council wants you in their meeting room so get out of the barroom and get transported. Being transported from the barroom is frowned upon anyway.” 
He obeyed once done with the syringes and stood in the hallway to find himself in the High Council’s throne room facing them and their familiar Highlander speaker. 
He frowned as the Highlander spoke “Says put on the coat Anubis has for you.”
He found Anubis holding a long brown coat which he put on his form. Tom got his head covered partially by the hood and saw an image of a male Highlander wearing odd clothing from some floor projector screen. 
He heard from the Highlander speaker “Says you’ll be sent to a location where your to track him. Anubis, instruct him on what he needs to do.” 
He eyed Anubis who spoke “In your sleeves near the hand is buttons for one side for being followed and the other side is for tracking victim sensing you following him. Do not at any time use the oxygen mask. You’ll be notice quite badly and taken down.” 
He eyed his sleeves to see buttons in them and got Anubis repeating his instructions while pointing a hand at which button it was. 
He didn’t comment a response as the Highlander spoke “Says you’ll be transported to a discreet location where target will come onto your path for tracking so transport him now Ramses.” 
He found himself standing on a set of steps which he sat down and waited as he heard footsteps coming down the stairs. Tom looked to see the Highlander male he saw was his target to track that paused from walking to stare at him with a frown. He held up one of his hands feeling his coat was raggedy and making him look like a beggar. The Highlander he saw shook his head in a no gesture and continued walking down the steps. Tom got up and followed the Highlander down being quiet as he could then reached a doorway. He wound up watching the Highlander walk through the doorway. He followed to find himself in some rectangular buildings' city with various too many First Ones walking and few Highlanders among them. He recalled his teaching of tracking by the Keo using both his oxygen mask and without it easily in his mind. Tom proceeded to track the Highlander into the city. He suddenly sensed himself followed pressed the button sensing nothing seriously happening with that. He continued to follow the Highlander till the male entered a doorway which he saw housed people inside eating food and drinking drinks which he sat outside back to the glass wall waiting. 
Tom waited seemingly lengthy till Ramses sounded in his mind “Game’s over Mindbender, target set off signal saying he was followed and lost you by going through the restaurant. New orders, can you find your location where you were first transported to? The High Council insists on keeping my transportation abilities hidden from people.” 
He obeyed to get up and recalled the locations of where he went following the Highlander. Tom followed the route till he reached the familiar stairwell to stand with arms folded. He found himself into the High Council’s throne room with two other Highlanders wearing identical odd clothing and noticed that one was twin to the target he followed. 
He heard the Highlander speaker speak “Says talk Excuser on following Mindbender.” 
Tom heard from the Highlander not twin to the target “He was pretty obvious sticking out by his size among Firsts Ones. He was noticed by various people Firsts Ones and Highlanders both looking in his direction. The First Ones finding him odd by various mind scans of them.” 
He felt annoyance take hold continued to listen as the Highlander speaker spoke “Says talk Seeker on being followed by Mindbender.” 
He heard from the targeted male “Like Excuser said he was seen by people looking in his direction which warned me of his presence behind me. His size warned me that he was the one following.” 
Tom heard from the Highlander speaker “Says talk Mindbender on being followed and following target.” 
He spoke loudly “I sensed myself followed by my senses warning me of it. Also target noticed me at first when I sat on the stairwell waiting for him to stop by for me to follow him. Target wound up ignoring me after I made some First One gesture of begging for something. Target didn’t appear to acknowledge that I was the one following him despite looking back in my direction. I tried to hide myself behind people and various locations.” 
He stopped talking as the speaker spoke “Says transport Seeker and Excuser to the army barrack now.” 
He saw the two Highlanders disappear in flashes of light as he heard a loud whisper “Can I have the coat back now?”
Tom obeyed handing it to Anubis then folded his arms. Tom twisted his form towards one of the twins having a hand on his chest indicated his height. 
He snarled feeling angry knowing that the gesture was related to his size “Find something gonoid head?”
He heard from Anubis “Their called Falcons. Refer them as that from now on.” 
He continued talking ignoring Anubis “What are you implying so talk it now?!”
He narrowed his eyes at the Falcon that gave up a growling sound. 
He heard Anubis speaking in a loud whisper “The Falcons are indicating that Mindbender’s height and size is unusual for a First One to have. The First Ones in their presence aren’t that tall or that big in size.” 
He felt himself angry hearing that as he felt a headache of his mind scanned. Tom continued to glare at the Falcon as memories came to his mind. He recalled as a youngster out casted by offspring of First Ones and Freeloaders whenever he tried to join them for playing. He growled loudly getting the memory of both species yelling at him to leave which happened over and over. He continued to remember himself ignored by both species when he was fully grown walking in the city. Tom recalled the ignorance continued whenever he tried to strike up a conversation with either species. Tom shut his eyes as he continued to remember himself getting angry at being ignored. He in response to the ignorance grabbed a First One by the neck and lifted the male up dangling his feet. 
He in the memory yelled at the First One “I’m talking to you!”
He remembering saw fear in the First One’s eyes as a Freeloader forced him to free the male by yanking his hand off the manoid’s neck. The Freeloader wound up ordering him to go to the palace. Tom felt himself angry remembering he balked till the Freeloader looked beyond him and then did a bow. He sensed the Queen and heard her order him to the palace with some tone that suggested disgust to him. He recalling obeyed and went to the palace to his room where he proceeded to use his fists onto anything he could get. Tom recalled keeping up the fisting till he felt his anger left him leaving him sad crying his tears while kneeling and rocking his form. Tom stiffened from the memories as he recalled thinking of hating the Freeloaders and not want anything to do with them along with similar view aimed at the First Ones. He finding himself not having a purpose to live with either species as a hybrid till the Queen gave him a job of finding the hidden First Ones using his oxygen mask. 
He unfolded his arms and rubbed his forehead to hear a shout and a male voice speaking in an angry tone “This is our nesting room so get out now!”
Tom removed his hands opening his eyes finding himself surrounded by Listeners in a bedroom. 
He felt rage take control yanked on the oxygen mask and mentally spoke “Fly.” 
He saw his order obeyed by the Listeners flying all around him in a circle which he mentally spoke “Throw back choke.” 
He saw the Listeners flying back hitting the walls along with hearing multiple choking sounds from them. He stiffened getting the mask yanked from his face and a hand feeling Keo like on his forehead. Tom felt urged to sleep which he obeyed to come to lying in bed feeling sore all over. The soreness felt like he was fisted from the familiar feeling of First Ones doing it to him after knocked onto the ground by a Keo and them fisting him after he found himself flat onto there. Tom felt rage cooling from within him as he burst into tears feeling himself unbearably sad. He brought hands to his face rubbing his eyes as they spilled water. He recalling to himself that he thought of this thought of having no place on Uzan and wanting to leave to live elsewhere. He continued to recall he wished for that and got his wish by living on Shadan with Thura. He felt boredom due to not having any nourishment while living there. Tom recalled that he didn’t feel anything was worth living there so he returned to Uzan to his annoyance. Tom shut his eyes lowering his hands as he recalled that he never felt sorry for killing that Keo. He never felt regret for doing the killing for he felt himself a little happy for doing it. He continued to recall himself taking control of a Banshee nest by threatening their Queen as in putting her in some can’t be waken sleep. He threatening the Banshees to do his orders which they did without question along with dumping Thura onto him. The dumping of Thura stopped his threatening behavior and freed their Queen as asked by them. He rolled onto his side feeling his tears stop along with sleepiness not coming to him. 
He opened his eyes feeling himself depressed and thought “I have no life among Keos and Humans. I’m here on Shadan serving the High Council as some assassin as ordered. I find my hybrid status keeps me from being accepted by either species like I wanted in the first place.”
He continued to think sensing his mind wasn’t scanned since he woke up “I hate the Keo for what they did to me. I hate them killing my Mother denying her a chance of raising me. I never felt the love of a mother I saw happened to a First One child when I was staring at him in the city following that Highlander target. I have no place among the First Ones either judging by my size and height. I’m not acceptable as one anyway.”
He continued to feel himself further depressed as he heard from Ramses abruptly “Mindbender, the High Council have ordered me to say to you that your to get nourishment once awake then get transported to their meeting room. So get up and get some nourishment now.” 
He obeyed finding himself having no choice but to do it as if compelled. Tom went to the barroom to sit on a stool and got handed three syringes. He maneuvered the syringes into his injector without any effort then once done left the room to stand in the hallway. He blinked his eyes finding himself in the High Council’s throne room seeing that they still had a Highlander as their speaker. 
Tom frowned feeling himself dead inside as a projection image of a First One male appeared followed by the Highlander speaking “Says this is your target. You’re to kill him by having his beater organ stop period. Ramses will transport you to a hallway location where you’ll find a door blocking your way from target. Use your mental abilities to get into the target’s location and kill him. Make sure the death can be ruled body function killing him period.” 
Tom didn’t speak a word as the Highlander added “Transport him now.” 
He found himself facing a door which he put on his oxygen mask and mentally ordered the door to open. He wound up seeing the door swung open in response. He walked inside seeing a small room where a First One male was lying asleep on a mattress. He mentally ordered the male’s heart to stop and found his order obeyed then sensed a presence behind him mentally ordered sleep to hit the person. Tom spun around finding a Highlander wearing clothes of a High Council servant behind him asleep on the floor with the door to the room shut. 
He mentally felt rage hitting him yelled mentally “Die!”
Tom saw blood appearing to look red spurt from the Highlander’s eyes and ears as he again found himself in the High Council’s throne room. He feeling anger still in control as he felt his mind scanned abruptly. He found his efforts to keep out the mind scanner met failure. He yanked off his oxygen mask and felt the familiar disorient hitting him along with the events of himself killing a High Council servant flashing in his mind
He spoke loudly “You never trusted me.”
He glared at the High Council as the headache of his mind scanning persisted. He saw this was followed by a whip seeing with a background flashing light and felt the mind scanner withdrew by the headache stopping. He gave the High Council a glare while fisting his hands and growling loudly as he felt rage take control. He felt hands on his arms restraining him from bending them or touching his oxygen mask he sensed were from the Falcons from the claw tips felt poking his arms. 
Tom snarled out in an angry tone recalling his first mission for the Queen to find hidden First Ones “You’re like those stinking Freeloaders, when I first did a job for them. They never trusted me like your not doing either.” 
He heard from Ramses “High Council, I suggest you order Mindbender to his quarters now. He’s gone beyond to listening people calmly.” 
Tom ignored Ramses to snarl out loud “You never trusted me! Why can’t you trust me?! Those stinking Freeloaders never trust me either!”
He felt the hands holds off his arms. He felt himself alone in a bedroom and blinked his eyes as the bedroom changed to show another one in its place in a round room while sensing himself watched. He kneeled and gave up a loud roaring sound and continued to roar feeling his rage continue to take control within him. Tom kept on roaring till his throat began to complain from the noises. He halted his roaring and shut his mouth to rock his form. He felt water he assumed were tears flow from his eyes with his rage stopping changing to sadness. He felt himself still dead inside within him as he cried silently with tears flowing from his eyes while still rocking his form. Tom slid to the floor and curled into a ball shutting his eyes while putting hands on his head feeling like not doing anything except cry. He heard a whining squeal sound felt his deadness continue to take control. He felt hands Freeloader like stroke his head in a gentle gesture sensing that the Keo had taken pity on him. Tom opened his eyes and forced himself to sit up while seeing a Keo kneeling next to him that looked at him with some look that suggested pity. 
He spoke sounding depressed to him “I don’t want your pity so go away and leave me alone.” 
He ignored the Freeloader as he spotted the bed. Tom got up going to the bed to lay his form sideways on it back to the Freeloader while shutting his eyes and felt someone sitting on the bed hand Freeloader like on his arm. 
He opened his eyes and spoke sounding annoyed “I said leave me alone so go away.” 
Tom felt annoyance take hold as the Freeloader refused to budge from the bed instead just spoke “Your Keo Mother cared about you.” 
He stiffened from the words. 
The Freeloader he sensed wasn’t his Father but someone else that continued to speak “She knew what you were suffering from, tried to give you some purpose to do while living underneath her rule.”
He eyed the Freeloader who removed his hand from his arm and then added “She’s sorry that this no place among people feeling had to happen to you and tried to help you with it.” 
He continued to stiffen hearing the Freeloader’s words as the Freeloader continued talking “Ah she now knows what your feeling when she lost the ruler ship title and out casted by her own people. Alesia was even forced out of her home to elsewhere which she agrees it's terrible to suffer from and gets it your complaints to her.”
Tom frowned feeling his annoyance stop as he continued to eye the Freeloader that became silent. He eyed the Freeloader getting up and fading from view which he shut his eyes feeling like needing to sleep only to come to feeling a stick poking him in the stomach. Tom opened his eyes with a start finding himself in the High Council’s throne room. He swung himself up with an acrobatic move and stood with arms again grabbed by the Falcons restraining him. He kept his mouth shut while staring at the High Council to notice their speaker had his head down and sensed his mind scanned. He continued to stare at the group figuring out that they were scanning him. He didn’t resists to the scanning as the scans seemed lengthy then stopped. 
The High Council’s speaker he saw raised his head and speaking “Says excuse us for not trusting you. That servant you killed was recording you doing the assassination job for us to see with our own eyes how you did the job as ordered.” 
He kept his mouth shut finding it was best to do it as the speaker continued talking “Says the servant is dead by mind organ found in pieces by tests done on him so explain how you killed him.” 
Tom recalled the death fully in his mind spoke “I was wearing the oxygen mask when I gave the order word ‘Die’ to the servant that appeared to have substance I called blood come out of his eyes and ears. The same thing happened when I did this to a Freeloader while living among them on their world.”
He clamped his mouth shut once done talking to eye the speaker have his head bowed and shifted eyes to see the High Council had heads waggling and hands gesturing seemingly lengthy to him then this stopped. 
He heard “Says Ramses transport Mindbender to Isle number four and have recorders on now.” 
He found himself freed from the Falcons. Tom found himself in a jungle clearing to hear roaring noises. He eyed the bushes to see gonoids that made him think they were some version of a Stripy come walking out walking in a circle around him. He twisted his form into a circle while eyeing them. Tom frowned as he felt claws on his shoulder from behind along with seeing the gonoids in front attack him by getting their mouths onto his form which he felt himself getting sleepy shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Tom came to feeling himself getting nourishment into his injector. He gave out loud sighing sounds from the feeling of the liquid going into him and rolled his eyes of pleasure hitting him. He felt his mind scanned during this but ignored the feeling to continue sighing as he felt nourishment enter him giving him feelings of pleasure. He felt his strength returning along with urged to remain asleep which he obeyed to the feeling passing out unconscious. 

Tom came to with a start opening his eyes as if compelled to find himself naked and chained to a bed. He looked around finding himself in a familiar rounded bedroom and eyed the door as if drawn. Tom eyed the door to see it slide open followed by a female Highlander entering the room who dropped the robe on her form baring her body as naked. He stared at her form finding himself not interested in the mating mentally ordered the restraints off. Tom found his order obeyed as he sat up seeing the female came up to him. He exhaled a breath as she came onto him sexually touching him on his sensitive part along with pushing him down to lie. He didn’t resist figuring that the High Council would order him to play along as he eyed her straddling him. Tom frowned as he felt himself entering her sliding in quite a bit barely. He sensed her having an effort to get him inside her and out for thrusting motions while having her hands on his shoulders rocking him. He stared at the ceiling feeling himself still not interested in mating as he felt the female continued her efforts to mate with him while having problems. He exhaled a breath recalling himself having no problems mating with Thura. She fit him perfectly and seemed to accommodate his size something he was not sensing from the Highlander struggling to get him inside her and out. Tom frowned as he continued to stare at the ceiling and heard a hiss from the female as he spilled himself inside her seemingly lengthy. He heard groaning noises from the Highlander sounding of pain to him. He didn’t comment as the female got off of him with a loud groaning sound. He ignored her to stare at the ceiling while hearing a door slide open followed by shutting closed. He felt sleepiness shut his eyes and passed out unconscious. 

Tom came to feeling a butt of a stick poking him in the stomach. He opened his eyes finding himself held up in a standing position by the Falcons while not having clothes on his form. He found himself in the High Council’s throne room to see the group had their speaker’s head down which he sensed his mind scanned. He recalled the mating fully in his mind to feel himself not keen on having that again with the Highlander female or any female of any species due to feeling himself missing Thura running in him. He eyed the High Council as his mind stopped being scanned.
The speaker he heard speaking “Says you are not capable of fathering offspring through Highlander females despite tests done to determine that.”
He didn’t comment a response kept his mouth shut as the speaker continued “Says Freeloaders when questioned says that it doesn’t matter which species, First One or Freeloader for their females will always carry offspring after you have mated with them. The Freeloaders claim that your size will make it frustrating for you to mate with a First One female. That's from witnessing the effort a female Highlander had with you. They also claim that there are special First One females can accommodate your sized private can handle having you mate with them.”
He frown hearing the word private to regard his sensitive part as the speaker continued talking “Says the Freeloaders have claimed that your height and body size is related to inherit from your Father. They say your Mother was normal sized for a First One.” 
Tom struggled against the hand grips of the Falcons as he gave off a loud roaring sound sounding angry. He wound up finding the holds on his arms gone and the scene changed to find himself back in a familiar bedroom. He kneeled while giving off roaring sounds of anger while having that emotion running through him. He rocked his form while cutting off his roaring sounds as he felt the deadness persisted running through him. He got up and went to the bed laying his form sideways on it and pulled the blanket over his head feeling himself much better having it covering him. Tom sighed and felt the blanket removed with such force that it was yanked out of his hand’s grip. He looked with annoyance to find Anubis there that thrust him cloth.
Anubis was heard whispering loudly “Here’s something for you to wear so put it on now.” 
He obeyed finding the clothes and shoes were the same as before and stood facing Anubis who added “Ramses he’s clothed so transport him now.” 
He found himself back into the High Council’s throne room to feel his arms not grabbed but stared at the group with feeling deadness hitting him.
Tom heard from the speaker “Says you’ll be transported to a travel gate where you’re to return to Uzan. You are with any means possible acquire this female dubbed Thura and return to here with her.” 
He exhaled a breath finding himself not protesting to the order. He found himself standing in front of a familiar metal arch. Tom put on his oxygen mask which he saw an image of a place within his mind. He walked through only to feel a stinging pain hitting his neck of a needle dart. He felt the oxygen mask yanked off along with sleepiness hitting him. Tom woke up feeling compelled to do it finding himself in a familiar room. He saw room was in the asylum while wearing cloth restraints on his arms. He wound up feeling of metal poking him in the cylinder area on his back again along with too short pants on. He looked around to eye the window with a frown as the door opened showing the familiar Queen with a disgusted expression on her face. 
He gave her a glare as she spoke “You should not have returned to here.”
Tom spoke as she paused “Then give me Thura and I’ll leave through the travel gate.” 
He got her giving out a hissing sound before she spoke “That is not negotiable Forbidden One.” 
He shrugged recalling himself getting the restraints off stood up as she added “I’m forced to have you put down on a permanent basis due to how the Keo are feeling about you.” 
He mentally spoke “Restraints off.” 
Tom felt the restraints off of him and yanked on his oxygen mask seeing her eyes widen with shock in them. 
He mentally ordered towards the Queen and guards “Go to sleep now.” 
He found the scene changed to find himself in some bedroom facing a familiar female with short hair wearing a dress on her form that did a double take look on her face before darting towards him. He scanned her mind and discovered that she was Thura and wanted the oxygen mask off him. He obeyed to do that and felt Thura hug him in a tight grip. He hugged her back feeling his deadness stop abruptly by the familiar feelings of pleasure hitting him from touching her. 
He heard a male Keo voice speaking loudly off his right sounding familiar “Peter transport those two either to a gate or off Uzan now.” 
He looked as he hugged Thura tightly to see a Keo who had a smirk on his face. The scene changed to find himself facing a gate which he pulled Thura not resisting into it. Tom came out of the gate to find himself in the High Council’s base with Thura next to him that hugged him abruptly. He felt her giving off tears from the wetness feeling from her face touching him on a bare spot on his chest. He sighed and hugged Thura in response sensing her agreeing to his arms around her. He felt the urge to mate hitting him abruptly opened his eyes to discover them both in a familiar bedroom. He gently pulled the dress Thura was wearing her not resisting to it over her head showing her naked form which she took off her shoes. 
He sighed and took off his pants baring himself then got Thura finger spelling to him “You took the top position each time so let me have my fun this time.” 
He didn’t comment a response went to the bed and laid his form down while staring at Thura. He wound up eyeing her as she straddled him grabbing his sensitive part making him roll his eyes from her touch. He exhaled a breath as she fondled him making him itching to mate some more. He felt Thura put hands on his shoulders followed by gasping as he found his sensitive part inside her. Tom felt her rocking him with no effort along with feeling himself fitting inside her as she moved over him in a thrusting motion. Tom gave off a moan as he spilled himself inside Thura. He wound up sensing her collapsed on top of him which he wrapped arms around her in a tight hold while still inside her. He felt Thura adjust her position to stare at him in the face. He opened his eyes to stare at her back. Tom brought his hands to Thura’s face gently rubbing her cheeks and running hands through her hair. He shivered as she pulled him out of her. Tom eyed Thura who adjusted her position to have her face level with his. He eyed her as she bent down and kissed him on the lips which he kissed her back in response. He shut his eyes feeling Thura’s touch making him more alive again from the feeling of her. He sighed as Thura broke off the kiss to lie on top of while sensing her form still. He brought a hand to her front to feel it grow. He opened his eyes with shock running through him seeing Thura was asleep with part of her growing swollen. This was followed by a crying sound of a baby as the swollen area became flat abruptly. Tom picked up the baby seeing it was a girl and held her close to him while holding Thura close to him with another arm around her. He hugged them both as he stared at the ceiling to see part of it slide open like a window followed by a gun device sticking out. The gun making a syringe firing sound and felt a stinging pain of a syringe injected into his shoulder. The pain made him feel sleepy and he shut his eyes only to came to discovering himself lying in a bed clad in his High Council’s clothes. 
Tom heard a voice speaking “About time you woke up Tom.” 
He opened his eyes in response to the Freeloader's voice. He discovered himself in a bedroom belonging to the High Council that didn’t have the familiar black ceiling. He sat up to face a male Freeloader standing with arms folded facing him. 
He frowned as the Freeloader spoke sounding familiar “Words out on Uzan that the exiled Keos got transported to this planet Shadan. The word is out that the Keos have been living there for awhile annoying the High Council for various things and without a Queen till Alesia was exiled to here.” 
He felt himself frowning hearing the Freeloader’s words as the male continued talking still sounding familiar “Oh that word got out due to one of those Keos followed you to Uzan. The Keo made contact with Uzan’s Queen along with her making a deal regarding Thura to the High Council.” 
He stiffened hearing Thura’s name as the Freeloader continued talking “Uzan’s Queen and the High Council jointly have agreed to let Thura go to Shadan through the gate whenever they think you need her. This agreement includes having her return to Uzan to help with raising her offspring that apparently need her as the Mother despite being raised by other people.” 
He frowned hearing the Keo’s words as the Freeloader continued talking “Ah Alana only agreed to the deal ordering that you were not to visit Uzan. The High Council can do whatever they wanted with you anyway.” 
Tom didn’t comment as the Freeloader held up a small black object in his hand with a red light on it and then heard “I have to record you telling me about how your feeling towards my species and living on Uzan so please talk.” 
He obeyed talking about what he remembered. Himself being out casted as a child and the outcast behavior continued once he was grown. He talked about hating living on Uzan with no purpose to live and wanted to be elsewhere as in wishing for that. He got to Shadan but suffered boredom and returned to his regret. Tom continued to add that the Queen back then gave him a job of finding First Ones using his mental abilities while wearing the oxygen mask something he did without complaint. The job gave him a purpose to do when it was only a hunting game by Freeloaders to hunt wild First Ones.
He paused from talking to add “That’s it.”
He looked away to stare at the floor as he heard nothing from the Freeloader. Tom looked up seeing the Freeloader had changed form into a Banshee that was walking towards an open doorway. He figured from memory that the Banshee was going to transport itself to elsewhere through the doorway. He watched as his hunch was correct seeing the Banshee disappear in a flash of light once passing through the doorway. He sighed and laid his form down on the bed shutting his eyes figuring that he’ll need some sleep. He woke up to feeling hands on his chest. He opened his eyes discovering the familiar black ceiling in view. Tom looked to see Thura lying on the bed next to him rubbing her hands on his stomach. He sighed and held Thura in response feeling her touch making him happy. She was felt to lay her head on top of his chest and sensed a rasping sound come from her. The rasping sound he heard was cut off with her form still of breathing as a headache arrived within him. He sat up holding Thura to sense no life from her and stiffened from that. He yanked on his oxygen mask and scanned her mind sensing nothing to scan. He heard a syringe gun go off hitting him in the neck making him sleepy. Tom saw his eyesight clouded up with blackness before lying his form down and shutting his eyes. 

Tom blinked his eyes to feeling himself kneeling with oxygen mask off his face. He opened his eyes seeing nothing but blackness. He frowned as hands small as a child touched his cheeks which he jerked as the blackness removed itself showing his eyesight clear. He saw himself was facing a First One child that had looks of a female with all white eyes that stepped back and disappeared in a flash of light. He looked around discovering himself in a bedroom and eyed the ceiling seeing it wasn’t black. He eyed the bed and went to lie his form on it shutting his eyes only to hear door opening sound and multiple arms grabbing him yanking him off the bed waking him up. He saw that the hands’ owners were the Listeners who sounded angry by their growling noises. He felt pain hitting him from his arms and was thrust into his hand his oxygen mask. Tom stiffened realizing that they yanked it off of him. 
He heard “Get out this is our nesting room and don’t return here. I don’t want to find you here again period.”  
Tom felt rage hitting him was forced out of the room and went to the barroom to find Barry there that did a double take look on his face. He went to sit on a stool throwing the oxygen mask onto the bar top. He folded his arms feeling pain in his arms along with an odd feeling hitting him which he dismissed. He heard Barry speaking in foreign language followed by feeling himself sleepy passed out unconscious while falling off the chair. Tom came to finding himself lying in bed in the familiar bedroom. He got up hearing a roaring sound and felt his knees hit from behind as he found himself among Listeners again. He gave them a glare as they restrained him and he again was thrust his oxygen mask into his hand while not feeling any pain in his arms. He figured that they cut off the oxygen mask part by cutting the tubes. He was forced out of the room which he went to the barroom to sit on a stool noticing Listeners weren’t in the room. Tom saw Barry was there that gave him a disgusted expression on his face who spoke foreign language. He again found himself sleepy and wound up hitting the floor unconscious. Tom came to feeling himself like he was floating that continued to persisted.He felt his body feeling fanged teeth and clawed hands along with giving out a ear shattering roaring noise that didn’t affect him. He heard sounds that suggested glass breaking to him above him while feeling the stuff fell onto him breaking apart once hit. He continued to feel the floating sensation along with his hands clawed and teeth fanged till he felt sleepiness shut his eyes and passed out unconscious. Tom came to as if compelled to find himself back in Uzan in the asylum from the looks of it all around him while wearing restraints on his form. He eyed the door as if drawn to see the Queen enter the room with guards. She he saw was having a disgusted expression on her face. He stood up to see the guards thrust gun devices in front pointed besides the Queen aimed at him. Tom mentally ordered the restraints off finding it obeyed to hear dart guns go off. He recalled some of his combative art training regarding catching knives thrown at him caught the syringes with his hands and tossed them back towards the guards to hear them groan as they hit them. He saw the Queen turned to look at the guards as he put on his oxygen mask and mentally ordered the guards to sleep. He held up a hand and ordered paralysis to hit the Queen seeing his order obeyed by her dropping to the ground. 
Tom ordered mentally “Queen to me.” 
He saw her body fly up in the air which he caught her by the neck with a hand around the area and mentally spoke “Mind reveal.” 
He saw her link to the female Keos shut down abruptly. 
He scanned her mind to see her talking to a Keo identified as Egran by her mind and speaking “You're to inject Thura with the poison once she’s on Shadan and make sure it works so she dies period.” 
He saw Egran nod his head Keo style as she added “Be sure to inject the Forbidden One with the poison as well. We’ll be better off without him living.” 
He again saw Egran again nod his head followed by two guards in the Queen’s eyesight handing the Keo two syringes which the male took and got dismissed by the Queen. 
Tom snarled mentally “It was you who was responsible for the death of Thura and the poisoning of me becoming blind!”
He gagged the Queen with his hand becoming ironclad as a male voice sounded in his mind “Tom, don’t do this. Your not what the Keo have branded you as, a murderer so don’t do this.” 
He stiffened recognizing the voice as Peter the Meritanian which he mentally snarled to the Queen sensing she could hear him “You’re not worth this.” 
He dropped the Queen and mentally ordered the paralysis to go away. He saw his order obeyed by her hands going to her throat and she coughing loudly. He yanked off his oxygen mask and again felt the floating feeling hitting him which he kneeled. He sensed himself watched by the Queen and others in the room. Tom felt his hands became claws and his front teeth became fanged as his eyesight went blurry not registering anything in front of him. 
Tom heard a male voice sounding Keo like speaking “With due respect take a look at him and see why the High Council sent him to here. He obviously has a problem they couldn’t fix.”
He heard the Queen’s voice speaking sounding angry but rasping “He threatened me-“
He heard the familiar male voice interrupt “It was Peter overheard that got him to drop trying to kill you my dear Queen so drop that attitude now.” 
He heard from the Queen a raspy Hmph sound followed by her hands he sensed touching his cheeks. Tom felt his mind scanned in which he shut his eyes from the pain of the headache hitting him.
He sensed the mind scanning seemingly lengthy followed by the Queen’s mental voice sounding in his mind “Argh the guard isn’t kidding about Peter talking you out of killing me.” 
He heard nothing more from the Queen to feel the floating sensation stop abruptly. His hands he felt stopped being clawed like and felt his front teeth resume back to normal. He felt the Queen released her holds from his cheeks and heard nothing more from her. He kept his eyes shut feeling his arms grabbed lifting him up and forced to walk. Tom obeyed opening his eyes finding the guards had his arms from the feel of their hands on the areas. He saw the guards were following the Queen out of the room. He didn’t comment a response figured it was best to keep his mouth shut. He still restrained followed the Queen taking a route that seemed familiar to him. He recalled from memory where the route led and figured that they were going to a travel gate. He found his hunch correct to find with his disgust within him a group of Listeners standing in the gate room. 
He narrowed his eyes as one Listener with facial hair spoke in Basic “Your payment as required now.” 
He felt the oxygen mask put onto his face and felt a hand on his cheek belonging to a Keo guard. 
He sensed and heard from the male “Toss the Listeners into the gate once I give the word.” 
He heard from the Queen speaking in Basic “No payment this time for this deal ends. Give my regards to the Rakcar, Listener.” 
He saw Listeners pull out gun objects from within them as the facial haired one spoke “Bad choice of words Queen.” 
He mentally heard the word “Now.” 
Tom obeyed and mentally ordered the Listeners all of them to be tossed backwards into the gate. He saw his order obeyed by them all flying backwards into it till there were none left sensed.
He mentally spoke “All Listeners deposed as ordered.” 
He felt the oxygen mask yanked off his face and groaned from the dizziness feeling. Tom felt himself exchanged to a pair of hands holding him up. He didn’t resists as he was walked forwards with an image of the High Council’s travel gate room flashing in his mind. Tom discovered while shaking his head he was in the room his mind imaged as there were whining squeals heard. He saw Anubis and Falcons come into view in his line of sight.
Anubis he heard gave up a loud whisper “You’re to go to the High Council’s meeting room. You're to explain to them the problem involving Mindbender we dub this being you dub Tom. He seen with some Banshee like look on his form while we’re ordered to get him to medical for examination.” 
He felt sleepiness shut his eyes to come to finding himself lying in bed while feeling a manoid form lying sideways on top of him. He reached a hand feeling the form’s head that felt had stringing hair that woke up with a loud shout. He stiffened recognizing the shouter as Listener as he was forced up into a sitting position by them. Tom felt himself kept in that position while on the bed as he eyed one with facial hair staring at him with arms folded. 
Tom kept his mouth shut as the one with facial hair spoke in Basic in a loud tone “Ramses, Mindbender is awake so give us orders on what to do next.”
He didn’t comment as he heard Ramses’ voice sounding in his mind “High Council, the Listeners report Mindbender is awake and are awaiting further orders.”
He felt the floating feeling shut his eyes along with pain in his arms. 
Tom felt his oxygen mask thrust into his left hand and heard from a Listener “Figure it out smarty on what we’re trying to tell you. The mask being cut off is not retaliation against you for attacking us.” 
Tom continued to feel the floating feeling hitting him. He felt the bed become hard as stone and forced to lie down by hands feeling Banshee like. He obeyed doing the lying down as the oxygen mask was yanked from his hand. He grimaced as he felt Banshee like clawed hands picking at his arms bringing more pain. He felt pain on his left arm where the injector was. He continued to grimace feeling multiple minds assaulting him by sensing them within his mind. 
Tom heard mentally a female voice sounding familiar speaking “Tom, remember what I taught you when you first wore the mask.” 
He stiffened as memories of that flashed in his mind as he arched his back and gritted his teeth from the minds' assault. He mentally ordered a shield to form over his floating form inside his mind. He sensed happened along with the multiple minds stopped their assault. He exhaled a breath and breathed deeply through his nose. Tom opened his eyes finding himself underneath a spotlight from the looks of it. He looked off his right to spot a Banshee there that had four pointed knobs on the top of its head. His senses blared telling him the Banshee with the knobs was the Queen. 
Tom again heard the voice speaking to him mentally “Tom, get up and come with me now.” 
He obeyed finding himself and the Queen surrounded by multiple Banshees gathered around in a semi circle. The Queen stopped, he stopped and watched her make a come gesture with her clawed hand. He saw a Banshee walk forwards to stand in front of him an arm length away.
He heard the Queen speak “Use what you learned wearing the oxygen mask once I order you to do mental orders.” 
He didn’t comment only gave a head bob First One style and again heard “Throw him away from you now.” 
He obeyed to mentally speak while eyeing the Banshee a male he figured “Throw back.” 
Tom watched as the Banshee threw himself backwards in the air. The Banshee slid onto the floor he saw after landing near the edge of Banshees’ line standing that backed up as the male he assumed was a male Banshee that landed near them. 
He heard from the Queen he assumed was the speaker “Make him come forwards but refrain from touching him for my people will see the touch as a threat.” 
He obeyed mentally speaking “Banshee to me.” 
He watched as the fallen Banshee threw himself forwards in the air and landed on the frontal area head inches from his feet. 
He again heard from the Queen “Scan him now.” 
Tom mentally spoke while eyeing the Banshee on the floor that got onto his back “Mind reveal.” 
Tom saw clearly in the Banshee’s mind identifying him as Egran. He saw Egran ordered by a Freeloader Queen to poison Thura and do the same to Tom. He seeing clearly in Egran's mind he disagreeing with the order and didn’t want to do it. He continued to scan Egran he assumed seeing clearly the Freeloader compelled to inject Thura asleep on a bed in her Uzan quarters with the syringe full of poison and doing it waking her up in the process. He stiffened as Egran after the poisoning mentally yelled at Peter to transport the both of them to a travel gate finding the request obeyed. Then the Freeloader was seen carrying Thura through the gate to arrive at the High Council’s home base met by Anubis and Falcon guards. He continued to scan seeing Egran admitting the poisoning order by Uzan’s Queen he dubbed Alana. Egran confessing to being compelled to do the poisoning to Thura. Along with seeing Egran confessing to disagreed with the order. Tom saw Egran handed Anubis the syringe full of poison while saying that it held a sample of the poison he injected Thura in. He saw in the Banshee’s mind Egran and Thura transported to himself lying in bed. Thura was put on him who was seen waking him up and appearing to die in front of him along with him self’s eyes turning all black. He seeing himself not acknowledging the Freeloader's hand waving in front of his eyes. Tom kept scanning seeing that Egran was transported to the Banshees and met their Queen in a Banshee form who scanned his mind. The Queen then ordered the Freeloader to take his own knife and cut his cheek with it as punishment for poisoning Thura which was done. He saw Egran was then ordered to change into a Banshee along with warned that she’ll have Tom target him whenever he was in her hands. 
He heard the Queen’s voice sounding in his mind abruptly “That’s enough Tom. Stop the scans now.” 
He obeyed mentally speaking “Mind reveal stop.” 
He felt himself stopping the scans of the Banshee Egran and turned to look at the Queen who mentally spoke him heard “Ramses transport Tom to the High Council. Our business is done.” 
He blinked his eyes and found himself in the High Council’s throne room with their speaker having head down. He felt the sensation of his mind scanned resisted only to feel the mind scanner was too powerful. He shut his eyes grimacing from the feeling as his mind was scanned then stopped. 
He opened his eyes to find the speaker having head up that spoke “Says prove to us that you can shift the Berserker form away and back but keep it away once done.” 
He mentally in his mind recalled scanning a Freeloader’s mind that shifted from Banshee to Freeloader form in front of him after coming upon a Banshee nest. 
He mentally put away the Banshee ability by mentally speaking “Banshee away.” 
He sighed feeling his hands and teeth stopped feeling Banshee like along with feeling himself First One. He felt himself not suffering from any pains despite the removal of his oxygen mask. 
Tom sighed again and mentally spoke “Banshee forwards.” 
He felt himself Banshee like by his hands forming Banshee like claws and fanged teeth felt on his teeth including feeling his jaw has increased in size from the feel. Tom then willed the Banshee away from him to feel himself fine with that but needing to take in nourishment. 
He spoke “I need to take in nourishment.” 
He got from the speaker “Ramses, transport Mindbender to Observation room three and orders are to observe him until ordered to do something else.” 
He found himself out of the High Council’s throne room in a familiar round room with a black ceiling he saw as he looked up while hearing Ramses speak “The High Council orders Mindbender observed until ordered to do something else.” 
Tom frowned but continued to feel the weakness feeling hitting him went to the bed and laid his form down on it on his back. He wound up eyeing the ceiling lengthy till he felt tiredness hitting him shut his eyes only to come to feeling shaking hitting forcing his eyes open. He raised one of his hands to see it shake in his eyesight. He frowned feeling himself urged to expel waste got up from the bed while having form shaking. Tom looked around to spot a bucket near the wall. He tip tossed himself towards it while dropping off his pants off his form. Tom groaned once done finding this was lengthy and ignored his pants lying on the floor by going to the bed to lie his form down on it on his right side. He continued to feel the shaking all over that became violent making him hard to lie down. Tom sat up and crossed legged his legs with effort along with putting hands fingers digging into his knees. He felt the shaking persisted as he felt pain hitting him that made him grimace feeling like needing nourishment immediately. He got up from the bed and walked tip tossing to the door in the wall. Tom felt frustration seeing the door remained shut despite his pounding efforts to will it open. He continued to feel the shaking all over along with pain. He felt his muscles screamed with pain rising after each shake. Tom collapsed onto the floor and jerked feeling himself expelling from his nose and mouth liquid he saw was white. He felt himself expelling elsewhere while giving up the white substance. He felt pain get too much screamed while expelling as he shook violently very hard. He felt a hand Freeloader like touch his forehead followed by sleepiness hitting him. Tom cut his screaming to shut his eyes coming to wearing clothes on his form. He sensed the clothes from the feel were belonging to the High Council from the feel of pants, socks, jacket like top closed in front of him instead of open, underwear and shoes on him. He forced open his eyes feeling himself sore all over from his muscles giving him that feeling including a stinging pain in his sensitive part he wasn't sure why. Tom sat up slowly finding himself in a bedroom he saw belonged to the High Council on their home base. He looked around eyeing the entire room and its contents finding himself alone. Tom eyed the open doorway in the wall as if drawn. He got up and with slowness hitting him went to the doorway to look around in it. He saw a shower stall, a toilet and a pedestal sink with a mirror above it his mind giving him the names of the objects to his confusion. He found the room was twin to a Freeloader hygiene room as his mind called it a bathroom he still confused to the wording. Tom went to the sink to eye himself in the mirror which he frowned seeing he had blue veins on his face. He rubbed the cheek with a blue veined hand where he felt the scar from being cut by a knife fully there. He groaned from the feeling left the bathroom with slowness. Tom felt himself needing to take in nourishment halted from walking to pull up the sleeve of his left arm to find the injector gone from there along with blue veins seen. He groaned out loud and then figured he’ll be taking in nourishment by mouth which he slow walked to the bedroom door seeing it slide open once he was in front of it. Tom walked out and stood in the hallway to find Barry standing there with his familiar glaring expression on his face making him nervous. 
Barry spoke “Took you long enough to wake up. The High Council insisted that you wake up sooner. I talked them out of that reason that you’re recovering from some kind of addiction to a drug that was fueling your system as nourishment.” 
He frowned hearing Barry’s words as Barry continued talking “I took the liberty of convincing the High Council that I have the means to teach you how to take in nourishment instead of having it injected so come along now.” 
He wordlessly followed Barry to the barroom which inside he sat on a stool as the male did the same. 
He frowned as Barry spoke to the bartender “Tell me you heard what the High Council said regarding Mindbender taking in nourishment.” 
He eyed the Listener bartender who spoke “I heard very crystal clearly, Barry but I talked them out of giving Mindbender alcoholic drinks for his nourishment. I didn’t think it was best for a recovering addict to take any anyway.” 
He heard from Barry “You thought wisely Bartender so give him and me something to drink now.” 
He shifted to look at Barry who he saw met his stare followed by the male speaking “You’ll be fine taking in nourishment that way. Your sickness from drinking was the drug rejecting the nourishment and making you sick as a result.” 
He spoke as Barry became silent “How did the High Council figure that out that the nourishment I was taking not really helping me?”
He frowned as Barry spoke “Actually Mindbender, it wasn’t the High Council who thought that. Someone else figured that out. This someone observed you taking in the nourishment and figured that out that it was really an addicting drug. The drug was tested on other manoids with similar results. The High Council from communication from a Freeloader Queen through Ramses admitted that the drug addiction was a result of poor judgment on what nourishment you would survive on. The drug addiction as a result was formed due to poor knowledge of Freeloader and First One hybrids and how they survived on nourishment. The Freeloader Queen as a result of the tests on you, given her, assured the High Council that she has sent someone to Uzan to tell the natives and their ruler of the test results done on you. That including laying off having hybrids taking in that drug as their nourishment.” 
He sighed as Barry paused give off an ahem sound then the male added “I think its best for you to take your time drinking along with taking sips of it. Your system from the looks of your face is still recovering from the drug withdrawal.” 
He frowned to nod his head and felt a tap on his shoulder. He looked to see the bartender had a gold cup in his hand who handed it to him.
The Listener spoke “No gulping it down period regardless of how thirsty you are. That’s a policy around here which is no gulping down drinks period.” 
He spoke “Fine.” 
Tom brought the cup holding white liquid he saw to his mouth. He with a great deal of effort forced himself to sip it slowly finding the substance tasted fine to him. He felt himself continued to make himself drink it slowly. He sighed once the cup was empty of its liquid and placed the liquid holder down on the bar’s top. Tom rubbed a hand on his forehead feeling his body gaining strength from the drink from the weakness feeling felt was slowly going away. He cut off his sighing to frown feeling a hand tapping him on the opposite shoulder. He looked to find a Listener with facial hair standing next to him that removed the hand to fold arms as he put his hand on his lap. 
Tom frowned as the Listener spoke “A certain First One female was tested and discovered that she was dying from some kind of painful sickness that involves her own body ending its life due to reaching the end of its lifespan. Someone did her a favor and ended her life with a painless death. The sickness the First One female was suffering would be slow to put her down on a permanent basis along with very painful as well.”
He stiffened hearing the Listener’s words as the Listener continued “The sickness was detected within this female soon after she had offspring in some unnatural way of carrying and birthing. It was her own body’s signal of saying that it was sick and needed healing. The offspring a female in question is still surviving at a First One place of medical technology due to that the High Council didn’t have anything for her to survive.”
Tom sigh hearing that as the Listener kept talking “Also the male this female mated with becoming blind was a result of the sickness passed to him. The sickness gave him the side effect of blindness due to some drug within his system. The blindness was removed and the male in question can see again. The healing done triggered something within the male that has been kept quiet making it come out. It proved to be what the male needed instead of depending on medical technology for special abilities.” 
Tom didn’t comment a response figuring out that the Listener was talking about him and Thura. The Listener he saw walked off once done talking which he stared at Barry finding the male was looking in his direction. Barry appeared to have eavesdropped on the talk by the looks of his expression. He frowned as Barry’s eyes narrowed followed by some glaring stare formed on the male’s face. 
He sighed as Barry spoke “Admit your feelings regarding this situation Mindbender.” 
Tom spoke hearing the firmness in Barry’s voice tone “I reacted quite badly to the poisoning and passing away of this female without knowing the actual reason for her death. Just sad knowing that there’s offspring I fathered through her that will grow up without knowing her very much. I grew up raised by a female Freeloader without knowing my actual parents or their influence in my life.” 
He sighed as he paused to hear from Barry “Interesting, Mindbender. I heard from talk among the Freeloaders that they don’t forget things very easily. Their very willing to share things in the past to off springs by having them mind scan them on things they saw in the past.” 
He frowned hearing that as Barry kept talking “From what I heard it appears that the Freeloaders on Uzan share the same attitude. The ones on Shadan got this from their parents just prior to being exiled to here. I’m pretty sure that your offspring regardless of where they are will be told very crystal clearly of you and your female being their parents as their raised by others.”
He formed a frown on his lips as Barry went silent giving him a glaring stare which he figured that the male wanted him to talk. 
He spoke “Hopefully their told all various points of views regarding me and my female. I was exiled from Uzan and do not want my offspring to be raised to kill me once grown.” 
He heard a sound of doors banging open shift to look as Barry did the same and saw a Freeloader male enter the room with an obvious cut scar on the male’s cheek. 
He frowned as the Freeloader walked up to Barry and stood speaking “It took a great deal of convincing. The Queen on Uzan has agreed to tell Tom’s offspring once the Keo raisers are sure their old enough to get it the actual reason for his exile. The offspring will be carefully monitored for any negative reactions to the telling.”
He kept his mouth shut as the Freeloader added “I confess that Uzan’s Queen ordered a Keo to mate with a female belonging to Mindbender which was done and a male offspring was produced from the coupling.”
Tom was instantly on his feet feeling himself angry hearing that as he heard Barry’s voice sounding in some odd tone in foreign language. He felt himself compelled to sit down and be calm and found himself obeying to the compulsion order. 
He continued to listen to the Freeloader’s talk who spoke “The Keo in question who mated with this Thura was found to be at fault for her sickness that was ending her life. The Keo passed onto her a sickness that was killing her slowly.” 
Tom felt rage hitting him willed himself to calm as the Freeloader kept talking “The Queen had this Keo punished by having some First One cut his face with a knife forming a scar. The sickness was passed onto this Thura on purpose from the mating in an effort to kill her off. The Keo was punished with his own offspring taken away and raised by a pair of Keos with First One influences. The Keo raisers were included with orders to be very clear tell the offspring what happened to his parents and why he’s not raised by them along with monitoring him for negativity.”
Tom forced himself to keep his mouth shut and not talk as the Freeloader stopped talking and faded from view which he eyed Barry. 
Barry spoke “Interesting except that Freeloader was just a messenger relaying what he heard from others of his species. I highly doubt that part of what he said was the actual truth but actually some rumor going around among his species. The rumor was seemingly too good to keep quiet about hence he sharing it with us.” 
He frowned hearing Barry’s words as the male spoke in foreign language he assumed it was it while using some voice tone. He felt himself compelled to stand up along with finding himself back into a bedroom belonging to the High Council he figured was an observation room from the black ceiling seen. He shifted to stare at the bed to see with shock Thura lying naked asleep on it and appearing to look alive to him. He darted towards the bed and kneeled next to it grabbing Thura’s hand and placed his other hand on her forehead. Tom felt shock seeing her chest rise up and down as she breathed deeply. He gently rubbed Thura’s forehead feeling himself happy seeing her alive. Thura he saw opened her eyes with confusion in them and looked at him with recognition in them. Tom stared at Thura back who rolled over onto her right side still gripping his hand in a tight grip. He sensed her ignoring his other hand on her forehead and gave him a smile not baring her teeth. He frowned as this was followed by Thura shutting her eyes and sensed she had gone asleep again. He stared at Thura who gave up several sounds of sneezing to him along with coughing before becoming silent but remained asleep. Tom let go of Thura’s hand and removed his hand from her forehead as if drawn. He found the scene changed to see he was in the High Council’s throne room form sideways facing the group with their familiar Highlander speaker there. He got up to stand with arms folded twisting his form to face the High Council. He again grimaced as he felt his mind scanned by some sense blaring within him telling him of that instead of a familiar headache. He grimaced inwardly as the scans seemed lengthy then stopped. 
The speaker spoke after raising his head “Says this female you're apparently fond of was detected going into some kind of trance status. Her form appeared dead except for her beater organ was still beating away. The beater's activity was indicating her still alive. There was faint activity from her mind organ detected as said by the Meritanians scanning her. The poison detected in her system was fighting some kind of sickness detected within her. Both cancelled each other out and she got sick with something related to drug withdrawal and cold sicknesses. This female from mind scans is aware of you having this Berserker ability. The trance left her doing some projection ability seeing inappropriate things around here including seeing what happened to you. We regret to inform you that this female cannot be sent to Uzan. She saw various scenes while in a projection form. She from mind scans appears to have clear knowledge of what she’s seen. The information that must be kept secret for a certain time period which will be revealed once the time has arrived.” 
Tom frowned hearing that as the speaker bowed his head followed by again sensing his mind scanned seemingly lengthy. 
Ramses’ voice sounded in his mind speaking “Actually High Council, you can stop doing that to Mindbender. Its obvious that he’s detecting you scanning him by his senses alerting him of that instead of familiar head pain of what’s called a headache.” 
Tom frowned hearing Ramses’ talk as he sensed the scanner withdrew from his mind by senses alerting him of that. 
He continued to hear Ramses the Meritanian adding loudly in his mind “By the way High Council you might want to do something about those Freeloaders scanning certain non Highlanders’ minds for information regarding you and your secrets. Their doing the scanning after overhearing you blabbing about this information bit to one of those manoids.” 
Tom heard nothing more from Ramses as the speaker raised his head and spoke "Says we have a job for you. You're to assist Excuser with a job as in protecting him while he does the job. Ramses transport Mindbender to a discreet location for meeting Excuser now." 
Tom frowned finding himself on a stairwell with a door facing him illuminated of sunlight around its outline. He walked up the stairs and yanked open the door. He spotted a familiar Highlander crouched down near the edge of the wall of a building he assumed it was. He saw Excuser having a long gun weapon pointed over the edge despite the sunlight blaring overhead. Tom eyed Excuser who looked in his direction doing a double take look. 
He heard a male monotone voice sounding in his mind bringing his Banshee side out unexpectedly "Get down on the ground and crawl towards me. City natives down below can see people on here if their standing and keep that form in control while your at it." 
He obeyed to tummy crawl himself up to the Highlander and got told "Keep an eye on the door while I concentrate on the job." 
He twisted his form to face the door eyeing it while glancing at Excuser he assumed was the Highlander's name. He saw appeared to keep his eyes over the building's edge while still holding the gun weapon. Tom shifted to eye the door feeling like needing to do it as he heard a familiar sound of a gunshot and glimpsed Excuser yanking the gun away from the edge and crawling towards the door. 
He followed only to hear from Ramses unexpectedly "Mindbender, the High Council orders you to execute Excuser by having mind organ destroyed. You're to do it now period." 
Tom obeyed to give the death order towards Excuser whose form flopped further onto the ground and remained still. He found himself feeling a familiar feeling of pleasure hitting him. He frowned as the ground stopped feeling rough became smooth. He found himself in the High Council's meeting room he assumed he'll call it for now. Tom swung himself up with an acrobatic move to stand facing the High Council seeing their familiar speaker had his head down. He eyed the group seemingly lengthy while sensing his mind scanned seemingly lengthy. 
He heard the speaker speaking "Says will that Berserker side away now. Its not needed at the moment." 
He obeyed to stand with arms folded seeing the speaker make a grimace with his lips. Tom frowned at that facial expression as the Highlander spoke while feeling his mind no longer scanned "Says Ramses alert the General that Excuser is no longer a problem for him and has been removed on a permanent basis." 
He heard Ramses speaking "Hey General word from the High Council is Excuser has been removed on a permanent basis. Excuser will no longer be a problem as you complained to them about."
He frowned as he heard nothing more from Ramses eyed the High Council seemingly lengthy. Tom saw them in a discussion among each other as the speaker had his head bowed. 
He frowned as the speaker raised his head and spoke "Says Ramses transport Mindbender to quarters for rest now." 
He found himself in a bedroom to hear a voice speaking "This is Listener nesting room get out." 
Tom obeyed finding himself not keen on arguing with the Listener. He went to the barroom to find only the Shadonian inside alone. Tom felt compelled to walk out which he obeyed to find himself going to a quarters' door. He went inside to find Barry seated on a bed that opened his eyes giving him a scrutiny look. 
He frowned as Barry spoke "Walk further in and it'll shut the door for I want to tell you something without ears eavesdropping." 
Tom obeyed to walk into the room while noticing a bed on the floor near Barry's bed. 
He stood and eyed Barry who spoke "A word of warning never be alone with that Shadonian whose name is Nameless. He's a hybrid assassin despite looking like a Shadonian hired by the High Council to do various jobs. Nameless does the job as long as they pay him his price which I'm not sure what it is. I warn you that Nameless habitually targets people alone in the barroom with various medical injuries. He has ignored the High Council telling him off on doing it repeatedly. I also must warn you that Nameless has this picky habit of changing quarters with people living here. He has pulled this stunt over and over with some successful results on that. The High Council has refused to hear complaints about the quarters' changeover instead told the complainer to shut up as a result after hearing their talk. So hit the bed and get some sleep. I suspect that Nameless is up to his quarters' changeover stunt again judging by him seen in the barroom acting up." 
Tom spoke as Barry pause "Seen in the barroom? You were in there?"
He got a golden eyed glare from Barry who spoke firmly "I can see things of various scenarios appearing in my mind. The scenarios are seen flashing all over the place repeatedly over and over in my mind. That along with a great deal of concentration can focus on what I need to see. That's why the High Council roped me into service. It's due to seeing this junk they call it in my mind. They have used me to tell them scenes of various scenarios that interests them. The scenes they have asked me have been mostly involving First One reactions towards their people causing stunts among them. Some of those stunts sometimes involves assassinations with the group not taking responsibility for the death in question despite ordering it. So sleep now and leave me to concentrate for I figured out that the High Council will be calling me to service and don't ask how I know." 
He saw Barry shut his eyes forming some look on his face that suggest concentration. He sighed and went to the bed on the floor and laid his form down. He wound up shutting his eyes passing out unconscious.

Tom came to feeling a butt of a stick end poking him on his stomach. He jerked open his eyes finding Anubis standing over him that removed his stick and pointed a clawed golden handed finger in a direction. 
Tom heard Anubis whispering loudly "The High Council want to talk to you so get up now." 
He obeyed getting up acrobatic like then stood with arms folded while eyeing the High Council to see their speaker had his head up who again formed a grimace on his face. Tom frowned as he felt drawn to a High Council member to notice something shiny seen around the member's neck which he stared as if compelled. He heard the speaker speaking something didn't registered the words. He felt a hand whack him on the back of his head shaking him of his staring. Tom eyed the familiar High Council member that appeared to adjust the necklace's pendant he was staring at out of sight. He concentrated onto the speaker as the hand stopped its whacking onto him. 
The speaker spoke "Says transport Mindbender to his female we dub by the name of Fingers." 
He found himself in an observation room by the ceiling glanced. Tom felt himself hugged by a familiar feminine form. Her head was felt reaching the beginning area of his neck. He sighed feeling pleasure from the form's touch onto him while sensing clothes on her form. He hugged the female he figured was Thura and saw that he was right. She he saw looked up at him to rub a hand on his cheek making him smile not baring his teeth while eyeing her in the eyes. He rubbed Thura's back in a soothing manner who broke out of his hug to his annoyance and stopped touching him. 
She wound up finger spelling he getting her words "The High Council when they contacted me. They claimed that I saw too much of what's going on around here. They claimed I was in some projection form when I saw too much. The High Council have said that I can't return to Uzan." 
He spoke moving his mouth for her to lip read him "That's what they told me regarding you. Besides I would rather have you here on Shadan then away from me living on Uzan with those Freeloaders. Ugh." 
He saw Thura's eyes narrow with suspicion in them as she finger spelled "Freeloaders? Whose that supposed to be? The High Council indicated them as the Keo species but refused to explain to me fully when I asked them." 
He mouth "The Freeloader name is for the Keo species living on Shadan. They are descendants of Keos that got transported to Shadan after being exiled from Uzan."
He clamped his mouth shut as Thura's eyed look became more glaring followed by her finger spelling "Oh that's interesting but you want to explain that weird look I've seen from you while in projection form? It involved your hands and mouth changing looks along with your eyes changing color." 
Tom sighed softly and willed the Banshee through to eye Thura who looked nervous to him. He eyed Thura who hesitantly reached out a hand and took his clawed hand appearing to be examining it in a quick touch move. He watched as Thura released his hand then stood away from him sideways while rubbing a hand over her eyes. Tom willed aside the Banshee to tap Thura on the shoulder who looked at him with a frown. 
He mouthed "Admit it Thura. The High Council is correct on what they said that you saw too much while in projection form. Hence they saying you can't return to Uzan. You confirmed that by saying you saw me in my Berserker form." 
He narrowed his eyes while eyeing her as she turned her form to face him and finger spelled "Oh fine I saw way too much according to the High Council when I was in their presence. Except the focus of what I saw seemed to be entirely focused onto you appearing to develop this Berserker form you call it and nothing else. I only saw was you period. I didn't see anything else at all despite Freeloaders you call them sensed in my presence mind scanning my mind from a familiar headache felt."
Tom frowned seeing that from Thura who continued to finger spell "The High Council claimed that I can detect my mind scanned. They said that they were responsible for putting that ability in place. They claimed that the Freeloaders all of them were mind walkers spying onto them to cause sabotage to their work around here. They told me that the mind scanning ability would only involve head pain along with telling me that I can receive talk via mind walkers talking to me mentally. I figured what the High Council was talking about by feeling what they told me hit. I also wound up sensing hidden Freeloaders in the vicinity doing that mind scanning. Ramses was overheard broadcasting some remark to the High Council about Freeloaders scanning manoids' minds on secrets after he said to overhearing them tell that to a manoid." 
Tom frowned forming it on his lips as Thura paused from finger spelling to give a head shake then continued her hand's talk "Someone named Barry got a hold of me. He told me of the Meritanians who are overheard by too many people on the High Council's home base. The overhearing is because people are mind walkers. He did add that there's exceptions of people who aren't mind walkers that can hear the Meritanians' broadcast. The High Council according to Barry don't want to hear of that from people saying it to them. He told me that it's usually Ramses who does most of the talking while his sisters Erra and Terra talk from time to time. There's a fourth Meritanian dubbed Tank for being a wall and refusing requests by people to talk into conversation attempts. Tank doesn't talk much according to Barry. He usually is known to cause havoc among the High Council whenever he's in a bad mood. Ramses has been told off to keep his brother from doing that behavior repeatedly over and over. Tank's manipulating I heard mostly involves transporting people to the air above the ocean and letting them fall into it. This stunt has happened over and over. The High Council isn't spared from that joke either. Ramses has been overheard seemed amused by that joke by giving off laughing sounds in some manner. His laughing sounds indicates that Tank did that stunt. He always laughs whenever his brother pulls this joke in question." 
Tom frowned as Thura stopped finger spelling to hug him unexpectedly. He sighed from her hug to placed hands on her back gently rubbing the area feeling himself satisfied having her arms around him. 
He frowned as he felt compelled to release Thura to hear from Ramses "Mindbender you're wanted in the High Council's meeting room so I have to transport you there."  
Tom sighed and found Thura released him. He stood away from her to find himself in the High Council's meeting room. Tom stiffened with shock running through him seeing a male figure wearing black clothing on his form and long black hair on the High Council's dais. He saw the male was swinging an axe weapon onto icy like forms that appeared to be High Council members to him. He stiffened as he edged backwards during the male's axe swinging till a wall was felt on his back keeping him from going anywhere. He kept himself still while still eyeing the scene. He watched as the male stopped his axe swinging to go down the steps revealing a black face with yellow orbs where the eyes were. He saw the male ignore him by heading towards the doorway to swing the axe at a First One who ducked. He saw the First One had short blonde hair wearing gonoid clothing on the form that appeared to get the male to quit the axe swinging by shouting in a feminine voice. He heard the First One's words but they didn't register within him. He watched as the male threw aside the axe and left the room with the First One going out of sight. He found his knees weak crumbled to the ground kneeling while feeling tears falling from his eyes. He figured that the High Council were dead destroyed by that black clothe male. He eyed the fallen High Council members to notice one as if drawn had something shiny around the neck area despite head destroyed. He eyed the necklace pendant as if drawn to see it lifted up from the neck area and then disappeared out of sight. He continued to kneel letting his eyes water lengthy while eyeing the High Council members' bodies. He saw Anubis come into sight on the steps going to each intact frozen body despite head shattered and stomping on each one of them to his shock before fading from view. He slid to the floor and curled into a ball and shut his eyes only to come to feeling a hand shaking his arm. Tom looked to see Barry next to him leaning over him that spoke "Get up now and get out of here. The servants have to clean up this mess on orders of the High Council who don't want you underfoot in their way so get out." 
Tom frowned hearing Barry's words referring to the High Council got up as the Builder removed his hand straightening up his form. 
He spoke "High Council still alive?" What's up with that?" 
Tom eyed Barry who gave up a sound of disgust before speaking "Hmph someone forgot to tell you this. Its take out a High Council group another forms in its place get it? The High Council doesn't end when a group is destroyed instead replace it. I do warn you that since you were in the room during this assassination stunt that the High Council the new group will be interrogating you heavily on this incident. They'll hope to figure out a way of preventing the incident from happening again. They always interrogate servants who witness a High Council group being destroyed quite heavily. The interrogation is always happening over and over till their satisfied with the answers and figured out a way of preventing this from happening again. So get out of here now while I handle the servants' clean up job. The assassination left a big mess. The High Council assigned me to oversee the servants cleaning up the crap left behind. That includes making sure the job is perfectly done to their standards so leave now before I order you out." 
Tom obeyed to walk out of the room to find himself compelled to go to a direction.
He obeyed to the compulsion finding his feet leading him to a doorway showing nothing but blackness inside while hearing growling sounds coming from within. The noises made him nervous but forced himself inside to feel himself put to sleep by a familiar mask put on his face. Tom shut his eyes and came to feeling himself in a squat position while not wearing any clothes on his form. He felt his arms held above his head by chain manacles while sensing a hand patting his cheek. He forced open his eyes to see Anubis was the hand's owner that quit the face patting him. He eyed Anubis warily who walked out of sight. He felt the chains holding him forced him to raise himself to stand which he obeyed till his feet were on tiptoes. He saw that he was underneath a spotlight surrounded by inky darkness. He grimaced feeling a familiar whip hit his back repeatedly over and over bringing pain after each hit making him grit his teeth. He grinded his teeth as the whip hit him. His senses blared warning unexpectedly making him focus his eyes onto the darkness surrounding the spotlight above.
He mentally spoke "Restraints off." 
Tom found the chain manacles released their holds around his wrists. He spun around baring his teeth to catch the whip aimed at him. He pulled with a yank to hear a crashing sound within the darkness along with gun cocking noises. He willed forwards the Banshee after releasing the whip to hear groaning sounds loudly while narrowing his eyes. Tom wound up walking in a direction sensing his senses insisting on him to go that way. He found night vision flaring in his eyesight to see Thura eyeing him with nervousness on her face. She he saw was standing with the Falcons having hands on her shoulders. The Falcons he glared at abruptly released their holds onto Thura to back away from her as he went to her. He willed aside the Banshee to reach out a hand towards Thura. He sensed Thura remained nervous sensed only to feel a stick object hit him on the back of the head repeatedly. The hitting was making him dizzy with sleepiness hitting him as the stick continued to hit him. He saw the ground rising to meet him felt it on his front. Tom adjusted his position to eye Thura while mouthing her name. The stick was felt continuing to hit him felt sleepiness got too much for him shut his eyes. Tom woke up feeling himself still naked lying on a bed with wrists chained and ankles having chains on them. He jerked open his eyes sensing someone staring at him. He found himself underneath a spotlight surrounded by inky darkness with a High Council member in view eyeing him from the staring sensed. 
He spoke out loud sounding annoyed "Cut it with this torture you're giving me now and talk!"
He glared at the High Council member who was joined by other High Council members he counted all nine total that surrounded his bed in a semi circle. 
He kept his eyes onto the staring High Council member. 
He heard sounded in his mind in a female voice triggering his Banshee ability forwards "You didn't stop Hades from assassinating the High Council. This was seen in your mind after the Drainer froze them using some King Winter form as seen on recorders."
He recalled what she was talking about spoke after willing aside the Banshee "Fine. I screwed up on that. It was from letting myself get too upset to bother doing anything to stop that assassination you're referring to from happening. The High Council group from the looks of them appeared to be already dead from their forms covered in ice. It's another form of cold reportedly killing Freeloaders hit with it on Uzan despite First Ones not affected from it as reported." 
He glared at a High Council member who he heard mentally spoke again triggering his Banshee ability "Actually the cold of ice you call it only freezes people's bodies to suspend it in some frozen sleep status. That's before the heat of warmth hits their bodies causing them wake up and resume normal body status." 
He spoke out loud after willing aside the Banshee feeling annoyed with having it in control to hear mental talk "Blast if I had known of that I would have done something. For respects, for being bad enough to not stop Hades as you call him hence you furious with me anyway." 
Tom kept his eyes narrowed at a High Council member he assumed was a female who he saw looked away towards the member off their right. He saw the member had a gloved hand on her shoulder. Tom saw the hand's owner shaking their head in some First One no gesture before resuming staring at him. He kept his eyes in a glare at the two High Council members to feel the chains released their holds on him. Tom wound up finding the bed gone from him along with air sensed all around him with night vision. He felt himself falling towards the ground. Tom took a look and saw something moving that seemed vast in his eyes sight and continuous in its moving. Tom frowned eyeing it as he plunged into the moving ground. He felt himself surrounded by something that made him think it was substance all around him. Tom found his breathing cut off while floating in the substance. He inhaled the substance to feel himself gagging onto it while choking. He felt an urge to breath hit him made him continue to inhale the substance some more. He found himself out of the substance falling onto metal floor with a bang sound. Tom wound up feeling a substance plastered all over his form. Tom felt a foot end kick him in the stomach. The kicking made him give up the substance he inhaled through his mouth repeatedly. He coughed and breathed air feeling himself getting the oxygen he needed. Tom gasped as he felt clawed hands grab his arms yanking him up to stand. He finding himself in the High Council's room facing the seat area where there weren't any members seated. He frowned eyeing the wall behind the chairs as if drawn to see it split into two pieces sliding apart showing a set of stairs going up. He saw the top part of the stairs was hidden from sight. High Council members he saw came down the steps in some V formation in a rhythmic walk. He eyed the High Council who reached the chairs and sat down followed by the wall behind them shutting. He continued to eye the High Council to feel the Banshee thrown forwards. 
Tom heard a male voice sounded in his mind "Talk on what did you see happened to a High Council group assassinated. Don't hide anything from us. We know the actual story from recorders in the room seeing you and your behavior. We want you to speak the story period so talk now." 
He felt the voice of the High Council stopped. Tom willed aside the Banshee to speak from memory of what he saw. He verbalized his words loudly without interruption from the High Council. He ended with talk of himself sliding to the floor while having some upsetting feeling hitting him. Barry made his presence known and kicked him out of the room. Tom clamped his mouth shut once done while eyeing the High Council. He sensed his mind scanned seemingly lengthy. 
Tom heard from Ramses sounding annoyed "High Council, quit doing that to Mindbender. He's telling the truth on what he said to you. Besides we found a Seer and managed to transport her to the brig. She's contained at the moment and is currently overheard arguing with Tank. The argument is on a scene seen in her mind of him seen transported off Shadan. She's claiming that it'll happen while he's telling her off that its not going to happen. That's from seeing prophecies of Seers not coming true despite them predicting it." 
Tom frowned hearing that as Ramses became silent. 
He growled of annoyance hearing from a High Council member bringing his Banshee ability forwards "What do you say about the ocean dumping as done by Ramses hmm?"
He willed aside the Banshee to speak out loud "Ocean? Is that some moving ground that I easily fell into that gave me trouble breathing despite landing into it?"
He heard from Ramses abruptly "Argh High Council, someone should explain to Mindbender that the ground he's talking about is actually water with some substance in it that he fell into it."
Tom stiffened hearing that as Ramses kept blaring "Besides he from mind scans was kept out of the loop of planet's weather elements all his life while living in Uzan. He was only let out whenever the weather was just sunny with the sun and warmth felt. He was kept pretty much isolated on Uzan. That's due to Freeloaders' negative feelings towards him and his hybrid status. He was allowed to interact with the Uzan natives once full grown along with used to find hidden First Ones hiding in some nature setting of a forest."
Tom stiffened further hearing Ramses' words as the Meritanian continued "The Freeloaders of mind scanned of the ones exiled to Shadan after having an interaction with Mindbender have thought that he should be put to death. The Freeloaders have tried to have that happen but the Queen had them thrown off Uzan into Shadan as a result. She wasn't the one responsible for his exiled status. It was the work of another Queen who replaced her actually that did that." 
Tom felt his mood become foul hearing Ramses' words as the Meritanian kept blaring "Besides that Queen who cared about Mindbender wound up exiled to here. The Freeloaders managed to get a hold of that Queen. They threw her into leadership position where she now is holding at the moment. Sorry High Council but I can't transport her to you. The Freeloaders will react nervously if she's out of their sight. It's going to take awhile till the Freeloaders get over their scared attitude to trust having her elsewhere out of their sight. I'm not even sure why their like that anyway despite trying to scan them to find out. Them always resisting to the scans by either killing themselves off or linking with various Freeloaders in the vicinity which usually succeeds in giving us jokey information despite scanning them." 
Tom continued to feel his mood foul from Ramses' words as he shifted his eyes towards the floor feeling himself angry. He reached a hand to feel the scar on his cheek feeling it entirely with gentle caressing moves. He narrowed his eyes feeling the Falcons' holds off his arms as he continued to rub his face feeling his mood bad despite them releasing him. He felt himself still in the High Council's throne room from the feel of his bare feet on the floor. He felt himself still angry while feeling the scar on his face fully. He bared his teeth forming some angry sneering look as he felt his mind scanned. Tom shut his eyes recalling why he had that scar on his face and who gave it to him fully in his mind. He snarled a soft growling sound recalling his life on Uzan fully in his mind. Tom recalled being treated as an outcast by Freeloaders not wanting anything to do with him. He kept growling as he remembered the Freeloaders using him as fodder for their jokes. He growled sound getting louder recalling being used to find hidden First Ones in the forest. He discovering the hunt was actually a hunting game the Freeloaders did after releasing some wild First Ones into the forest for them to be hunted. He continued to growl a soft sound recalling why he was wearing the oxygen mask and tubes implanted into his arms was for the Queen to control him. He recalled her hiding that fact from him which he easily figured out from the way she treated him in front of Freeloaders' presence. He kneeled to feel the ground stopped being metal while feeling it rugged from the touch as he continued to feel himself angry. He fisted his hand touching his cheek rubbing the fist onto the area. His senses blared warning unexpectedly despite feeling his mind still scanned by the sense telling him of it. 
Tom felt the Banshee thrown forwards unexpectedly by a familiar male voice sounding in his mind "The High Council is manipulating you to serve them with undivided loyalties Tom. So stop it with that angry attitude now. You're falling into their trap they set for people to serve them." 
Tom jerked open his eyes and wretched his fist from his cheek while narrowing his eyes seeing nothing around the room. His senses continued to blare warning as he figured was warning him of a Freeloader's presence. 
He continued to hear the Freeloader talking mentally to him "Stop it with that attitude Tom. The High Council is only going to use you for their purposes like they have used towards others in their service." 
He snarled a growling sound rising himself to stand with hands fisted. 
The Freeloader kept up his chatter which he ignored to mentally speak "Talking Freeloader hidden reveal now." 
Tom heard a whining squeal to see a male Freeloader appear in front of him. The Freeloader was staring at him that did a double take look along with putting a hand on an arm.
He mentally spoke again "Throw back pinned."
Tom saw the Freeloader flew backwards hitting the wall with form appearing to be pinned in its place. He charged towards the Freeloader who mentally spoke words he ignored. He reached the Freeloader to rake clawed fingernails onto the Freeloader's face causing grooved scars. 
He finished the raking to mentally spoke "Die!"
Tom found his order obeyed to sense nothing from the Freeloader but death. He saw the Freeloader displayed some bloody look out of his eyes and ears with form still. He mentally willed aside the Banshee to see the Freeloader slid to the floor body still dead. Tom gave off a loud roaring noise and cut himself off. He with hands fisted and teeth bared brought his fists into the Freeloader's front. He wound up not caring on where he was hitting till the hardness became soft of bones crunching. He kept up the fisting while ranting to himself mentally as he sensed his mind scanned.
Tom ranted mentally "I wound up being out casted all my life by the Freeloaders and First Ones. I was treated bad while grown. I was used for amusing Freeloaders to do various things. The Freeloaders gave me that scar on my face for the death of one of them. I'm not sorry for the killing for they deserved to die for the treatment they gave me. I'll do what it takes to see that the Freeloaders are put down permanently. I'll do what it takes to get the acceptance I wanted from anyone not Freeloader species. I will give those people my undivided loyalty to serve them without questioning their orders. It doesn't matter what orders it is as long as they treated me the way I wanted in the first place." 
Tom halted the fisting and his mental talk to straighten up his form while eyeing the dead Freeloader. 
He mentally spoke "As far as I'm concerned the Freeloaders outlived their usefulness in helping me get acceptance. I won't have anything to do with the Freeloaders for not accepting me. I now see them as my enemy for that's what they'll forever be. I don't give a care of what they say to me to drop this view. I'll assassinate them even if their in my presence. I'll do what it takes to get what I wanted which was acceptance. I'm willing to pay any price tag for getting what I want." 
He backed up to point a finger aimed at the Freeloader lying on the ground.
Tom mentally added "No matter what anyone says the Freeloaders are my enemy. That's what I oath I will keep this view." 
He fisted the fingered hand and waved it towards the Freeloader cutting his talk. Tom felt his mind stopped scanned. He found the scene changed to see Barry seated on a bed staring at him with eyes narrowed. He exhaled a breath through his mouth to inhale through his nose while forming a frown on his face.
Tom eyed Barry who spoke "You were seen reacting negatively towards a Freeloader. You were seen killing him and then punching his departed body soon after that. Your facial expression seen suggested that you were angry about something so talk on what it is now." 
He saw Barry's facial expression turn into a glare as he gulped and spoke "I was just taking out my anger towards the Freeloaders for giving me this scar on my face."
He clamped his mouth shut and thought to himself "I think I'll keep to myself what I was really thinking till its obvious I got the acceptance I wanted then I'll talk about it." 
Tom eyed Barry who's eyes flare golden making him frown further as the Builder spoke foreign language to him in some compelling voice tone. He found to his shock after Barry cut his chatter relaying everything he was thinking related to his feelings towards the Freeloaders. Tom found himself speaking his feelings' view of seeing the Freeloaders as his enemy and the reason for it. Tom clamped his mouth shut once done feeling himself annoyed with his talk. Barry he eyed stopped flaring golden eyes.
Barry spoke "You'll find clothes for you in the private room the doorway behind me. Use the facilities anyway if you need to use them. Besides be sure to clean yourself up while you're in there. The fisting of the Freeloader left a mess on your body form so excuse me I need to concentrate onto something suspicious." 
Tom frowned hearing Barry's words as the Builder shut his eyes with a familiar expression on his face. He felt rage willed forwards the Banshee to see Barry open his eyes flaring them golden. He heard Barry speaking foreign language in a compelling tone to find the Banshee willed away. He felt his rage take control charged towards Barry with hands fisted. He continued to hear Barry still speaking his familiar language and in a compelling voice tone. Tom found himself floating in the air in the night sky while falling towards he saw was the ocean he assumed. Tom gave off a roaring noise as he fell clamping his mouth shut as he entered the ocean sinking into it. He felt his mood bad found the water kept away his Banshee side despite trying to will it forwards each time as he floated in the water. Tom fisted his hands and made several thrusting movements with his fisted hands forming punching as he kept it up. He felt like needing air found himself hitting something like rugged floor instead of the ocean all around him. He breathed the air deeply through his mouth while gasping and panting for breath with eyes shut. He stiffened as he felt a stick whack him on the side of his head. Tom opened his eyes feeling the whacking making him look up seeing he was with Barry still seated on the bed that gave him a familiar glaring stare look with eyes golden. Tom exhaled a breath to force himself to sit up kneeling while eyeing Barry. 
He inhaled to speak sensing Barry wanted him to talk "I'm just angry and is taking it out on anyone I can." 
He clamped his mouth shut feeling his bad mood lower its ebb but remained in control.
He stared at Barry who spoke "Don't ever target me in one of your rages again. I won't be merciful like I was towards you. I have caused people trying to hurt me out of anger to suffer medical ailments that takes awhile for them to recover from it. I also have caused death to people who refused to get my lesson of using something else for getting rid of their anger despite targeting me repeatedly over and over. The High Council has been made clear by me that I'm not to be used as fodder for people's angry attitudes. I will do what it takes to keep myself from being harmed. That including having that person die if they won't stop doing that behavior towards me. I expect you to get it this talk. I won't be merciful next time you take out your anger onto me. So hit the private room and get yourself cleaned up now." 
He obeyed to find a doorway in the wall behind Barry. Tom went inside seeing it was a bathroom. He spotted folded clothing with shoes on the toilet's seat cover.
Tom went to the mirror to stare at himself eyeing the scar seemingly lengthy along with his face. He felt his angry mood stop hitting him unexpectedly as sadness hit abruptly. It wound up making his eyes water as he saw water drip from his eyes rolling down his cheeks. 
He moaned out loud "Just wish someone would accept me for my personality instead out casting me for who I am a hybrid of species."
He rubbed hands on his eyes feeling them still watery as ever and removed his hands to enter the shower stall manipulating the door to it. He felt sadness still hitting him as he turned on the water through a faucet switch to heat toleration levels. Tom felt his knees become weak as he kneeled in the stall with water spraying down him. He cried tears with water dripping down his eyes and gripped his arms around himself while rocking his form back and forth seemingly lengthy till the sadness stopped abruptly along with the drippings of his eyes. Tom sighed and forced himself to stand in the shower letting the water spill itself down all over him. He rubbed hands on his cheeks still feeling the scar but felt his mood not foul. He sighed again to remove his hands looking around in the shower stall finding the soap and shampoo dispensers. He proceeded to use cleaning himself thoroughly till he felt himself cleaned completely. Tom sighed again to allow the water to wash his body of the soap and shampoo. He felt himself free of the substances left the shower stall after turning off the water. He saw the towels hanging on a wall rack took one and scrubbed himself dry before putting it back in place. Tom went to the clothes and shoes to put them on finding that they were the same as before, masked High Council servant wear omitting the mask. He sighed once done dressed to eye himself in the mirror. He groaned softly rubbing a hand on his scarred cheek. 
Tom wound up staring at himself mentally thinking "Just for once can't someone accept me for who I am personality wise instead of rejecting me due to my hybrid status?" 
He heard nothing in answer to his question left the private room after removing his hand. Tom found Barry still seated on the bed which he went to stand in front of the Builder while giving off a throat clearing noise sound. 
Tom frowned as Barry spoke "Just go to sleep Mindbender. You need the rest anyway. I'm busy here at the moment so excuse me." 
He sighed softly and went to the bed on the floor to lie his back onto it and shut his eyes. Tom felt sleep not coming opened his eyes to stare at the ceiling quite lengthy while having hands clasped in front of him on his chest area. He sighed and rubbed the area where he recalled the oxygen mask was. Tom rubbed along with rubbing his arms where the tubes to the mask jutted from along with the feeding tube's former area. Tom sighed again feeling relieved to be free of the oxygen mask and feeding tube. He heard Barry speaking foreign language in some compelling voice tone. Tom felt sleepiness hitting him as the Builder cut his talk. He sighed figuring out that Barry noticed him not sleeping compelled ordered him to sleep. He shut his eyes and passed out unconscious to come to feeling a stick end poking him in the stomach. Tom jerked open his eyes. He found Anubis standing over him that removed his staff. 
Anubis he saw jabbed a finger in a direction while speaking in a loud whisper "The High Council wants you up and awake now. Spare them the acrobatic move you do to get off the floor. So get up anyway." 
He sighed softly and forced himself to get up awkwardly to stand with arms folded. Tom eyed the High Council to find their familiar Highlander speaker in place. The speaker he saw formed a grimace on the face seeing him making him wonder what the servant was implying. 
Tom frowned eyeing the High Council as the speaker spoke "Your folded arms is Freeloader styled." 
Tom stiffened as he saw several High Council members behind the speaker make throwing ball gestures towards the Highlander who bowed his head cutting off his talk. He looked down at his arms seeing one bent arm over the other bent arm. Tom wound up to recall Thura's arm folding habit in front of him to adjust his arms her styled. He again eyed the High Council shifting from them and their speaker back and forth. 
Tom frowned as the speaker raised his head and spoke "Says excuse the rudeness of the speaker. Ramses transport our speaker out to be dumped in the ocean now." 
He saw the speaker disappear in a white light show along with hearing a loud click sound then silence. 
He frowned as he felt the Banshee willed forwards again as a male voice sounded in his mind "Excuse us for having to communicate this way. Our regular speakers aren't easily replaced. The Meritanians have balked on helping us find replacements for this. They have repeatedly dumping the asker into the ocean as a response. Now explain why you're flaring your Berserker side whenever we talk to you mind to mind." 
Tom heard from Ramses unexpectedly as he willed aside the Banshee "Actually High Council, Mindbender's Berserker's side as you call it will always be triggered whenever there's a manoid mind walker talking to him mentally. It doesn't matter the manoid species for his Berserker side will always come out period. Oh the reason why that side isn't coming out due to him hearing us broadcast is because we're not manoids. That Berserker side will always be triggered by manoids period but not by us." 
Tom frowned as Ramses' voice was heard blaring some more after a pause. 
He seeing no reaction from the High Council or hearing anything from the group “The High Council and their Highlander servants can hear us three talking because their base is surrounding our ocean location and their close proximity means that they can hear every word.” 
He frowned as he heard a feminine voice speaking “Terra and I have been helping people on the Human continent by talking to them in dreams-” 
He figured that the voice was Erra as she was interrupted by another voice speaking “Boom.” 
Erra he heard kept on talking ignoring Terra’s outburst “Your explanation explains why bad things have been happening to the people we’ve helped as in them being killed off by other people we suspect are Highlanders causing the actions.”
Ramses he heard spoke “The High Council and the Highlander servants are currently eavesdropping on our talk as usual.” 
Tom frowned sensing no response from the High Council as Ramses continued “From scans of the High Council’s minds they want us to assist them with their war agenda against the Human race they refer as First One and will do what it takes to make sure that you two stop helping Humans by making sure whoever Human helped suffers death as a way of getting you two to stop.”
Terra he heard spoke “What is the High Council planning to do with the Shadonia if they inferred with their battle with the Humans?”
He frowned as Ramses spoke “Shadonian males are easily mind controlled by Highlanders scanning them and speaking commands to them mentally which is how they’ll make sure the Shadonia won’t interfere by mind controlling the High Lord to order his people to stay out of the battle. They have already minded controlled the High Lord’s predecessor to not have contact with the Humans after they and their land arrived on Shadan.”
He heard Erra speak “What’s with the current High Lord and why haven’t they mind controlled him yet?”
Ramses he heard spoke answering her question “From mind scans this High Lord is aware of the mind control done by Highlanders on males and has purposely kept Highlanders away from him along with using females to guard him whenever he travels out of the palace among the Shadonia and other races in the Shadonia’s home base.” 
He frowned as Ramses paused from talking to again hear him speak “Don’t blame me and my sisters for that! Blame Hades for doing that! You’re an idiot!"
He frowned as Ramses paused then continued “Hades’ face is a mask that can be removed and put on a person changing them into Hades which is what happened to the High Lord. Harrumph each person after being Hades remembers every single detail of what they did while being that Drainer.” 
Tom frowned further as Ramses after a pause spoke “Alright I’ll tell you. A stupid Highlander did that mind control trick on a Shadonian male in front of the High Lord wearing the Hades suit who asked questions on what the Highlander was doing which the Highlander stupidity explained everything not realizing that a Shadonian was wearing the Hades suit asking those questions. Oh by the way the High Lord isn’t the only Shadonian aware of the mind control trick. Hah you Highlanders have gotten too sloppy with your mind controlling males to notice the females every single one of them aren’t fooled by the males’ actions and they managed to figure out by them observing males hanging around you Highlanders that you were causing some mind control trick on them.”
He heard a pause then Ramses continued speaking “Well from mind scans those females have purposely kept Highlanders away from the High Lord along with insisting on guarding him whenever he travels outside the palace. They managed to rope the other races living on the Shadonia’s home base to spy on Highlanders anyway they can and has already informed them of the mind control trick. By the way the females managed to convince those races to secretly guard the High Lord whichever doesn’t matter if he’s in the palace or traveling among his people.”
Tom heard a pause followed by feeling off balanced. He felt there were shaking vibrations felt all around him making him wave his arms stumbling his feet.
He heard Ramses yell “I’m not doing that and neither are my sisters! Stop blaming us whenever there’s some silly earthquake hitting! It’s causing us pain and we hate it when it happens! So stop blaming us, blame the planet!”
Tom heard Ramses pause as the earthquake he assumed it was continued. 
He again heard Ramses yell “Stop asking me questions about the earthquake! I’m not a planet! I’m a mind walking sentient plant and don’t you forget that!”
Tom sighed as the earthquake was felt stopping. He eyed the High Council to see them waggling their heads and moving their hands in some gestures to figure out that they were in discussion. 
He heard from Ramses speaking “Damn Highlanders. Every time there’s a disaster such as an earthquake hitting the High Council’s base they always blame me for causing it which I’m hearing them saying that.” 
He heard one of the females give off a harrumph like sound as the other spoke “Why don’t they just go to the depths?”
Tom frowned at the question as Ramses was heard speaking “Shouldn’t it be time for you to get up from bed?”
He stiffened from the question as Ramses became silent. 
He focused onto the High Council to hear from one of them blaring in his mind again triggering the Banshee forwards "Don't mind Ramses' question of getting up from bed. His question is talk for Osiris to stop chattering with Lance Richard who's some First One deity in some astral projection form. We're aware of this from mind scanning Osiris's mind actually. We haven't shared this fact with Ramses yet despite him supposed to be aware of us knowing it. He thinks he can fool us by saying his bed question instead of telling Lance Richard to get Osiris out of talking to him."
Tom frowned to will aside the Banshee as the High Council member stopped talking to see the group again in discussion. He wound up to hear a loud noise sounding loudly in the room making him grimace from the loudness. 
He frowned as he heard from Ramses "Alright to anyone who cares your homing beacons marking your home base underwater are active at the moment giving off signals which the First Ones on the State Territory land are from mind scans receiving the signals but haven't done anything to track them yet. Don't expect me to put them off on tracking the signals due to knowing how obsessed First Ones are whenever they get their minds made up on something and nothing will put them off from doing it." 
Tom spoke out loud as he recalled something "Don’t tell me, Ramses, that this silly earthquake you call it triggered these homing beacons to turn on." 
He heard a whispered Argh in response from Anubis.
Ramses he was heard speaking "Sorry High Council but that earthquake did trigger them to turn on. Besides your servants are saying that the homing beacons are turned off after hearing me broadcast that they were on. I have to warn you that I have to monitor the First Ones quite heavily for awhile just to make sure that none of them get any ideas of tracking the homing beacons' location despite me thinking that they might have the technology to pinpoint where the beacons' locations are. I’m still trying to find out if they actually tracked it or not so excuse me while I see if they did."
Tom frowned as he found himself out of the High Council's meeting room in a familiar hallway. He got compelled to go into the barroom which he obeyed finding the room's familiar natives were inside along with Barry. Barry he saw was seated in a stool drinking from a gold cup who didn't glance in his direction. The others in the room did glance he saw before resuming doing their business. He went to a stool to sit and got stared at by the bartender a Listener. 
He heard from Barry off his right "List the drinks bartender. He's Mindbender who's new around here recently called into service of the High Council."
Tom frowned hearing Barry's words as the bartender rattled off words that sounded unfamiliar before resuming staring at him again. 
He spoke "Uh what drink do you recommend I have bartender?"
He got a glare from the bartender who ranted off vulgar language. Tom heard was in a familiar language he heard sounded of the Humanians' main language of Hammarabbi. The Listener he heard seemed lengthy with the ranting till he felt a tap on his left shoulder to look finding another Listener with facial hair standing there with eyes narrowed. Tom frowned as the bartender he assumed was the Listener was heard cutting off his chatter.
He frowned as the Listener with facial hair spoke in Basic "Don't ask us Listeners questions period. We don't tolerate questions. We have brought death to the person who asked that question as usual. We give you mercy due to what Barry said regarding you but that's the last time we give you mercy. Next time you ask question to us you're down period. And don't forget what we said to you ever again." 
Tom spoke as the Listener gave him a glare "I get it your talk Listener." 
He watched as the Listener pointed a finger aimed at him before walking off to join his companions. 
Tom shifted to face the bartender and spoke "Tell me on the drinks you recommended I try, bartender. I admit it I'm not familiar with them. That's due to spending most of my life fed nourishment through needle injections into my arm. That includes along with fed that way through some tube in the same area as well." 
He eyed the Listener who spoke "Hmph tell me you know anything related to the word alcohol." 
He sighed recalling it fully in his mind to speak "Its some kind drink that Freeloaders I was raised with got First Ones to drink while under torture methods. They drank till they got underneath its influence enough to blab anything including what was on their minds. That drink always from what I've seen of the torture causes the First Ones after they've recovered to have some kind of memory loss of the torture they were in. That along with not remembering what they said while underneath the influence." 
He frowned as he heard from Barry abruptly "Actually bartender, just give Mindbender this drink of Vodka anyway. I figured from his talk that the alcoholic drinks that Freeloaders used is different from the alcoholic drinks you've been serving here." 
He frowned as the bartender walked away which he shifted to eye Barry with a frown staring at him. The Builder he saw sipped his drink then looked at him with a golden eyed glare expression indicating him to talk. 
Tom sighed and spoke "The drink that the Freeloaders used to get First Ones to talk while underneath torture. It is dubbed by the name of alcohol among the First Ones. It's some way of saying it’s a drink that they get underneath the influence hence the use of that word. I heard from the Freeloaders that the drink's actual name is Truth Serum. Don't ask me on what is actually in that drink. The Freeloaders have been ordered by their leader the Queen to not to tell me or let me have a sip of it to find out. I can't say if they actually used that drink onto me for finding out information due to having no memory of it in mind." 
He frowned as Barry spoke his familiar chatter in a compelling voice tone. Tom shut his eyes as a headache arrived along with images within his mind. He saw was a memory of himself seated chained to a chair wearing nothing but his underwear on his form and oxygen mask still attached off his face. He grimaced seeing the memory as two Freeloaders came into vicinity one holding a cup. One grabbed his head yanking it up yanking open his mouth as one poured the cup's contents into his mouth. Tom saw himself swallowing it entirely and recall from the taste seemed to make him think it was awful. Tom continued to recall fully in his mind the Queen coming into view after he coughed down the drink. The two Freeloaders seen walked out of sight into inky blackness him surrounded by a spotlight while chained. He grimaced remembering the Queen proceeded to question him questions about the murder of a Keo he killed and if he was sorry for that. 
He recalled answered her back in some slurred voice tone saying "I'm not sorry for that. The Keo was the one pinpointed to kill my mother. It happened after I was yanked out of her despite objections of my father protesting to it."
Tom grimaced some more recalling the Queen asking him "What drove you to kill the Keo in retaliation for killing your mother?"
He answered her back saying "Some voice sounded in my mind in some compelling voice tone urged me to do the killing. That along with the voice was the one who insisted that this Keo be targeted by claiming that he killed my mother." 
Tom rubbed a hand on his forehead recalling the Queen speaking "Peter, tell me what's going on with Tom saying this voice issue? Only I can communicate mentally towards him having the oxygen mask on. That's due to finding failure with other Keos doing that communication towards him." 
He frowned as he recalled a male voice sounding Meritanian blared in his mind "Actually you might want to check out Thurin, his father who's contained in the asylum on his mental abilities. I detected something funny going on with him that you need to see for yourself. Besides you should ask the others working there on his mental abilities then test him yourself. You'll see what I mean. I do warn you that your people from knowing them won't buy the explanation that Tom was controlled by some voice to do that murder. They instead will pinpoint him responsible for doing the killing and will try to retaliate anyway they can."
Tom heard a familiar voice speaking loudly which broke him of his reverie forcing him to open his eyes. His eyes focused onto Barry which he found himself speaking his entire memory to the Builder who sipped his drink. He exhaled a breath once done to frown staring at Barry who looked away resuming sipping his drink. He heard a loud ahem to realize it came from the bartender. He found the bartender had a gold cup in hand which he took.
Tom got told "A rule around here is no gulping drinks regardless of what they are. That includes even if you're thirsty unless ordered by the High Council to do the gulping. So don't forget this period." 
He sighed softly to give a head bob in a First One yes gesture. He saw the bartender walk away going to his companions off the end of the bar gathered nearby chattering in their familiar language. He forced himself to not eavesdrop due to figuring out that the Listeners would react negatively if he did that. He eyed the cup's contents seeing the drink was an orange color. Tom brought the cup to his lips sipping it slowly finding the taste seemed good to him. Tom took his time sipping it down entirely and once done placed the cup down on the bar. He adjusted his form to face the wall where Nameless was standing sideways from sipping from a cup. Nameless he saw held up his cup in some salute move towards him before resuming his sipping. He stared at the walls near Nameless that appeared to flash scenes of night skies he recognized with some having clouds in them along with some having a shiny ball with clouds in it. He frowned as his right ear itched making him scratch.
He heard a loud voice speaking in Basic with an odd accent "They show you what they want you and whoever here to see, Mindbender."
Tom frowned as his ear remained itchy scratched to find his eyes focused onto Nameless as if drawn who stopped drinking.
Nameless he eyed spoke familiar voice heard "The name is Nameless, Mindbender and excuse me for making your ear itch. Shadonia my species' name's staring at manoids other than Shadonians can cause their ears on one side as always to itch as usual. Don't ask me how that happens for it always happens period."
Tom frowned as he got up and went to stand next to Nameless feeling compelled to stand sideways from the Shadonian who added "Pleasant meeting you, Mindbender. You'll find life here very interesting enough to serve the High Council on whatever whims they think you should do. Just be warned that the High Council, don't like complainers complaining about the jobs their thrown into service to serve them. The High Council expects undivided loyalty from servants serving them period or else their worse off in life here. I warn you that the High Council have been known to give exceptions towards others with divided loyalties towards them and their enemies. It's whenever they think this person should have this treatment. I also warn you that this exception towards people doesn't always last too long. That's due instead this person that they given exception have found themselves reception of torture by other servants. That after the High Council gets fed up with giving them special treatment. Just be warned that this special treatment varies on which servant they give it to. There is no warning of who they'll give it to in question. There is no warning of when they get fed up with the giving in question and order torture done."
Tom frowned hearing Nameless' words as he kept his mouth shut while glancing at the Shadonian out of the corners of his eyes. Nameless appearing to be a male resumed drinking from his cup. He figured that the talk was over went to the stool next to Barry to sit and sensed the Builder staring at him from senses blaring. He looked at Barry who he saw had appeared to finish his drink and was facing him entirely while on the stool he was seated on. 
Tom frowned to eye Barry that spoke in Basic "Actually the special treatment the High Council usually gives towards servants is mostly towards ones who appear to be threats to them. Hence their treatment just to butter up the person into serving them including recording the person doing something negatively against them. They can record back at a later time to flaunt in this person's face. It's as in getting this person to serve them period with undivided loyalties. There's another reason why the High Council have this special treatment. This is used towards people they think they can rope into serving them. The person they roped is always recorded anywhere either on their home base or elsewhere for awhile in hopes to catch them doing something insulting against them. They'll use the recording to flaunt in the person's face to get that person to serve them period. This always happens period. There's cases of servants telling the High Council what they want to hear before resuming doing something insulting over and over. That despite the group catching them in the act of doing that insulting thing and telling them off to not to do it along with giving threats of making their lives miserable if they kept up the behavior."
He heard from Nameless as Barry paused "Tell him about Anubis and his attitude towards the High Council as an example of this talk you're telling Mindbender." 
He frown hearing that as Barry continued ignoring Nameless' talk "Anubis is one of those people known to have an attitude towards the High Council as in serving them one day and then rebelling against them another day. The High Council managed to get Anubis to admit that he has this attitude. He has made it clear to the group that his feelings towards them and their orders cannot be dropped on people's telling him to do that. He has reportedly caused the High Council several problems with acts of sabotage around here due to how he's feeling towards them. He always managed to admit to the group on doing his insulting behavior once the sabotage is found and known to the group."
Tom frowned further forming it on his lips as Barry continued talking "Besides he has admitted to me in the High Council's presence recently to getting a hold of a First One prisoner freed from the brig to be rigged with a bomb. Then send that person through the gate to travel someplace where the High Council was currently in meeting with others. He had that person set off the bomb which the detonation only killed the group's speakers. He admits to the reason for that was from being fed up with the High Council having speakers' mispronounce his name over and over despite repeatedly telling the group to say his name right. I managed to handle this issue by telling off Anubis in the High Council's presence that it was the speakers saying his name wrong and not the High Council doing it. I insisted to him that he should accept that fact period which he took it fine enough but didn't seem happy about it." 
Tom frowned as Barry gave him a familiar facial expression which he opened his mouth to speak only to hear from Ramses blaring "Barry, the High Council want you and Mindbender in their meeting room now. Help me out here since I can't transport you anyway." 
He sighed and got up from the stool as Barry got up. 
Tom heard from the Builder "Hit the hallway Mindbender. Listeners made it clear that there's a no transportation policy in the drinking room period." 
He obeyed to go out of the barroom to hit the hallway. Tom stood eyeing Barry who spoke his familiar language in a compelling voice tone. Tom found himself in the High Council's meeting room facing the group as Barry with back to them turned sideways to edge his head towards the group seated on dais. 
He eyed them to find a familiar masked Highlander standing on top of the steps that spoke "Says watch the recording both of you now." 
He frowned as the lights in the room dimmed but not enough to cause night vision to come on. He saw a light come from the steps shining overhead. Tom wound up to look and saw a large floating rectangle showing a scene. He saw was an overhead shot of the High Council's meeting room with a familiar masked male there that he figured was Hades. He watched as Hades in some super speed move grabbed the axe from the wall where the camera was. Tom saw Hades charged towards the High Council seated on steps seeing the group get up meeting his charge once he was on the dais swinging his axe towards them. He continued to watch as Hades' form shifted into a crowned male wearing white clothing with a lighted torch cauldron staff in right hand. The High Council members all around the male fell towards the ground with forms still appearing to look like they were covered in ice to him. Tom continued to watch as the crowned male shifted form back into Hades with axe in hand. Hades swung the axe down onto the heads of each High Council member shattering their heads before darting down the steps. Hades seen heading towards a female Human he recognized swinging the axe towards her. Tom watched as Hades stopped swinging the axe and threw it aside before running out of the room followed by the female Human. The screen changed to show another view of the scene showing the camera came from the High Council's chair wall. Tom watched with a frown as the camera recording went forwards focused onto something. He stiffened seeing it was himself and saw what he recalled fully while in the room during the assassination. Barry was seen appearing in a light show bending down to shake himself on the arm which he got up and walked out of the room as the Builder walked out of camera view. He saw the rectangle disappear as the lights above stopped dimming by becoming brighter.
This was followed by the speaker speaking "Says talk Mindbender to your defense on the recording of a group assassination and your behavior seen witnessing it."
Tom exhaled a breath and inhaled only to hear from Barry "Why don't you ask him about his feelings towards a certain annoying species instead? You'll see what I mean on that question. He admitted something to me that you should hear anyway." 
Tom felt his mood flatten hearing Barry's words as he figured what the Builder was talking about. His talk was related to him admitting his anger towards the Freeloader species after voice ordered to do it. He gave Barry a glare who ignored him to keep eyes onto the High Council. 
He heard from the speaker "Says talk Mindbender on what Barry is talking about related to the Freeloader species now." 
Tom shifted to glare at the High Council finding his mood becoming fouler. He sensed Barry staring at him by senses blaring. He recalled fully of his feelings towards the Freeloaders and his reaction towards one of them in his presence. That including what he did towards that Freeloader. He felt himself angry ignored the speaker repeating his words. He stared at the floor to bring a hand fisted towards the scar on his face rubbing the area while baring his teeth in some sneering angry look. Tom wound up feeling his anger coursing through him. He heard Barry speaking didn't register the words. He continued to stare at the floor while continuing to rub the scar on his face with his fisted hand. Tom felt his mind scanned as he recalled everything involving his encounter with the Freeloader. Starting with the Freeloader's presence sensed and what happened next after that. He gave off a soft growling noise as the mind scans seemed lengthy despite the memory ran its course through his mind. He ignored to fist his other hand bringing it to his other cheek rubbing the area followed by unclenching his fists to rub hands on the top of his head. Tom brought the hands to cover his eyes feeling himself getting more angry. Tom felt the mind scans stopped abruptly as he kneeled finding his knees feeling rugged floor. He removed his hands to give off a loud roaring sound of anger he repeatedly gave up over and over while rocking his form back and forth. He kept up the roaring till his throat began to complain of pain. He halted his noises as his senses blared warning unexpectedly alerting him of a Freeloader's presence behind him. Tom threw forwards the Banshee. Tom was on his feet in a quick move along with spinning around to mentally give the order of death towards the seen Freeloader. The Freeloader was seen collapsed onto the floor with form still blood leaking from eyes and ears. He willed aside the Banshee. Tom charged towards the dead Freeloader with hands fisted and once reaching the male he saw. Tom threw his left hand into the Freeloader's front not caring on where it landed. Tom kept feeling himself still angry kept up the fisting over and over as bone crunching noises were heard along with softness kept it up. Hands clawed like grabbed his arms yanking him up and away from the Freeloader. He struggled against the hands' grips while snarling some growling sound of anger. He shut his eyes feeling his anger left him abruptly making him feel sadness hitting him. He felt a hand clawed and familiar patting him on the cheek. He opened his eyes finding himself in the High Council's meeting room restrained by the Falcons as Anubis removed his hand to step aside. He noticed Barry there as tears fell from his eyes. Tom felt his mind scanned stared at the floor with face aimed at it with eyes dripping of water. He clamped his mouth shut feeling his knees weak sagged in the Falcons' grips while feeling himself no longer inclined to stand up. He eyed the floor lengthy as he recalled his crying reaction while in a shower stall of a bathroom and his thoughts related to it. That included along with what he was thinking while in there. Tom felt his sadness stop abruptly as his eyes stopped their watering. He felt the Falcons release their holds on his arms which he found himself still strong enough to stand. Tom continued to eye the floor seemingly lengthy as he wiped his eyes with his top's sleeves. He felt the mind scanner withdrew sighed from that to feel a hand gripping his chin raising it up to face Barry. Barry he saw was shorter than his standing height appearing to reach his chest area, standing in front of him, the hand's owner. Tom exhaled a breath and frown eyeing Barry whose eyes were narrowed staring at him before releasing his hold on his chin and stepping aside form sideways facing the High Council. He concentrated onto the group to see that they were in discussion by waggling heads and waving gloved hands. He eyed the High Council who seemed lengthy with their inner discussion as the speaker he saw had head bowed.
This was followed by the masked Highlander raising his head and speaking "Says Ramses transport Mindbender to Fingers now."
He found the scene changed to find himself in some observation room. Tom eyed the bed seeing Thura wearing her familiar Uzan dress on her form lying asleep on it that didn't stir despite him transported into the room. He felt himself weak in the knees stumbled towards the bed and once reaching it to kneel on the rugged floor next to it. Tom reaching out a hand towards Thura's nearest hand which he gripped in some gentle grip move. Tom wound up finding her turning to her side gripping his hand in some tighter grip but remained asleep as he stared at her. He held Thura's hand seemingly lengthy and heard a gun shot like sound along with a stinging prick of pain hitting the back of his neck. He figured was a needle dart as he felt himself getting sleepy released his hold on her hand. Tom stood bending down to pick her up her not waking from it and adjusted his form till he was lying on the bed with Thura held in his arms in some hug hold. He eyed the ceiling feeling himself needing to sleep shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to feeling a hand clawed patting his cheek. He forced open his eyes finding himself held up by the Falcons while in the High Council's meeting room. Tom wound up feeling an irritation hitting him that made him feel uncomfortable. 
He eyed the High Council as their speaker spoke "Says Ramses transport Mindbender to a private room for use of expelling waste now and transport him back once he's done." 
He found the Falcons' holds off of him as the scene changed to find himself in a bathroom. It wound up looking like it belonged to Barry by the looks of it. Tom with a sigh figured out what to do to get rid of the feeling. 

Tom found himself transported back to the High Council's meeting room after he washed and dried his hands from getting rid of the irritating feeling. He wound up along with noticing some oddness look with his sensitive part despite easily able to expel waste. He stood eyeing the High Council seeing that they were in discussion again. He sighed from seeing that. 
He eyed the High Council as their speaker was heard speaking "Says Mindbender come up the stairs. Go to Venus by her waving her hands to indicate which is who." 
He obeyed finding Anubis and Falcons escorting him to find the High Council member waving her hands at the end of the group's chairs on his left. Tom went to the member he assumed was a female and stared at her as he felt himself forced to kneel by the Falcons thrusting him into the position in front of her along with keeping their hands on his shoulders. 
He frowned eyeing Venus he assumed was the member's name who he heard from the speaker "Says allow Venus to examine your face for that scar marking you have on there just to confirm what was seen in your mind as its source." 
He didn't comment a response thrust his hands behind his back and felt the Falcons' clawed hands gripping his arms in some tight ironclad hold. Venus he saw reached her gloved hands and touched the scar on his face seemingly lengthy with the examination. Tom noticed her jerking her head off to the side of him repeatedly after resuming looking at him. He figured that she was mentally telling the other members what she was seeing regarding the scar on his face. He frowned forming it on his lips while eyeing her as she examined him seemingly lengthy then leaned back in her chair removing her hands.
He heard from the speaker "Says talk on how you were able to detect that Freeloader hiding from you. The detection was either in hidden state and from being behind you which both detecting were seen on recorders." 
Tom exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak "My senses related to hidden Freeloaders alerted me of their presence. I always will detect them hiding within a certain boundary limit from my body. It doesn't matter if I have the Berserker side in control. They can't hide from me detecting them if their hiding is close enough for me to sense them doing it."
He clamped his mouth shut as he saw Venus wave her hands while looking in the direction towards the other High Council members then she stopped her hand waving. 
He heard the speaker speak "Says explain why the hidden Freeloader appeared in front of you. The Freeloader was seen acting like he was shocked from being revealed. He wound up to indicate he had tech on his form that was responsible for hiding him hidden from eyes." 
Tom sighed softly and spoke "I used the Berserker side to give out a mental command of getting this hidden Freeloader to reveal his form. Some noise was heard just as he appeared. I saw him touch his arm at the upper arm area with a hand after it was apparent that I could see him."
He frowned as the speaker was heard "Says explain why the Freeloader was seen throwing himself backwards. He appearing to be stuck to the wall then sliding down after you willed aside the Berserker side." 
Tom spoke "I gave out the mental order of having him thrown backwards pinned to the wall then in fit of anger gave out the death order. I'm not sure which organ the mind or beater got destroyed. It's due to that manoids regardless of what they are, after I give the order. Their always display this look of having eyes shattered with blood leaking from them along with leaking from their ears. The pinned status always lose effect after I will the Berserker aside. That along with not taking effect after the removal of the oxygen mask I was wearing yanked off. It appears that this is the same when I have the Berserker side willed away from me."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Venus who leaned forwards towards him and saw her shift her head off a direction.
He heard speaker speaking "Says you care to explain the use of your mental powers with that Berserker side in control." 
He saw Venus resume looking at him. Tom spoke everything from memory of his mental powers' uses when he had the oxygen mask. 
Tom mentioned "The Freeloaders' Queen had me demonstrate them with the Berserker side in control onto a Freeloader male. This proved that I still had those mental abilities despite the removal of the oxygen mask taken off of me." 
Tom clamped his mouth shut as Venus looked away waving her hands then resumed looking at him. 
He heard the speaker again speaking "Says what do you know of the Freeloader species with their connection to the Screamer species your mind dubs them as Banshees? It appears that both species according to us have some kind of unshakable alliance. No matter what we do they refused to stop their allied status towards each other." 
Tom exhaled a breath recalling himself seeing the Freeloaders his enemy. Tom inhaled to look Venus in the eye he assumed was where her eyes. 
Tom spoke firmly "The Freeloaders and the Banshees are the same species." 
He heard nothing in response to that statement to see Venus leaning forwards towards him. She seen by him putting a fisted hand on her chin elbow on her thigh while making a hand gesture towards him. 
He frowned as the speaker was heard "Says were you telling the truth about the cold killing Freeloaders? That instead of this body suspended sleep status which normally hits manoids after hit with the cold?"
He spoke from memory of a Banshee nest and scanning minds of Banshees "Yes the cold killing is true. Banshees can't tolerate it to survive in it. Freeloaders in their Freeloader forms can only tolerate the cold for a certain time period before their Banshee side gets thrown into control. This doesn't matter if they willed it forwards or not which wounds up killing them as a result. And their bodies once the cold ends their body functions falls apart into pieces shriveling up like dirt ground."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Venus who kept her arm position. 
The speaker was again heard "Says what do you know of the tech the Freeloader used to hide himself from you?"
He spoke from memory "Nothing I know except he gave off an annoying squealing noise that seemed familiar to me. I recall while living in Uzan seeking for Fingers you call her with the oxygen mask still attached. I went through a travel gate off planet to come upon a humanoid species called Humanian who had some kind of machinery like tech attached to their upper arm. They dubbed the tech by this name of Keo which is the actual name of the Freeloader species as they call themselves. The Humanians claimed to me to have gotten this Keo device from the Rakcar species on their home world after flaunting it to me."
He paused to clear his throat then continued talking "Anyway this Keo device they wound up demonstrated in front of me while I was in presence of their leader. The device showed that they can hide themselves from eyes along with giving their familiar noises when they appeared from hidden status. The Keo tech in question was also demonstrated to give them an ability to move very fast in blurring speeds too fast for me to register their movements. Their leader taunted me to fight him while wearing the oxygen mask. I did but he wound up using a fast speed fisting method onto my head to defeat me despite too fast for me to give out mental orders towards him."
He sighed softly pausing from talking then added "I'm not sure if the Freeloaders know of this or not. I have no memory of them questioning me about my time off Uzan. I suspect that they managed to use some kind of drink to get me and First Ones underneath the influence to talk anything they want. The First One or I after the drink wears off doesn't remember anything other than fallen asleep in bed passing out unconscious. I wound up waking up after that torture is done to assume that fell asleep in bed status. I think that's what they did to me after I arrived back from Uzan. It's due to not remembering much other than spending too much time in bed asleep for awhile." 
He clamped his mouth shut forming a frown while eyeing Venus who looked away from him moving her gloved hand nearest to the others in some waving gesture before resuming looking at him again. 
He frowned as he heard the speaker speaking "Says what do you know of the Freeloader species such as this Queen leadership as blared by Ramses to us from time to time?"
He heard from Ramses unexpectedly "Don't bother Mindbender on answering that question I'll speak it. Anyway the Freeloaders are led by a female a Queen with strong mental abilities stronger than any of the Freeloaders themselves hence she put in the position and that's all I know." 
Tom spoke as Ramses became silent "Ramses didn't add that the Queen's mental powers is from all the female Freeloaders connected mentally with a Queen taking charge of that connection. That along with having a strong mind to keep that connection from overwhelming her despite doing mental abilities onto others-"
He was interrupted by Ramses' blaring "Darn it. I should have realized that due to finding something funny going on with the minds of the female Freeloaders I scanned. It was indicating that linking status due to finding the females seemingly very resistance to us Meritanians scanning them for anything despite having some success with the males when their scanned." 
Tom frowned to sense a Freeloader's presence in the vicinity abruptly willed forwards the Banshee to broadcast into Venus' mind "There's a Freeloader in the vicinity I can sense it." 
He eyed Venus to see her look away and to hear from the speaker "Says Freeloader show yourself now or else will be worse for you!" 
Tom felt the Falcons' hands off him as he stood up in a fast move turning his back to Venus looking towards the speaker.
Tom wound up hear a male voice sounding in his mind in Freeloader tones "The Queen isn't going to be happy hearing of this betrayal by you telling the High Council various information about us Keos." 
Tom mentally spoke in response "Talking Freeloader hidden reveal now." 
He heard a whining squeal to see a Freeloader appear standing in front of the speaker who faded from view. He wound up sensing Falcons and Anubis gone from the dais and out of sight. 
He heard from the speaker "Says did the Freeloader indicate anything to you?"
He willed aside the Banshee and spoke in some sneering voice tone not caring about it "The Freeloader was just trying to scare me by saying that their Queen isn't going to be happy hearing of this betrayal he calls it. It's of me telling you various information about his species. I don't give a care what the Freeloader says to me. I can tell anyone what I want about them and who cares if they like it or not. Harrumph."
He folded his arms Thura styled while forming a sneering glare on his face. 
He heard from the speaker "Says Ramses transport Mindbender to Fingers now. His business here is done." 
He willed aside the sneering glaring look to find himself facing Thura on the bed while sensing a Freeloader in the observation room. He saw Thura look up to form nervousness on her face. 
Tom mentally spoke after willing forwards the Banshee "Hidden Freeloader revealed paralysis."
Tom found his order obeyed by a whining squeal of a Freeloader appeared standing next to the bed that hit the floor with form still. 
He heard a mental voice from the Freeloader speaking "You won't get away with this betrayal Tom." 
Tom mentally snarled to the Freeloader sensing Thura up from the bed "Betrayal? What betrayal you're talking about? You and your kind never once accepted me instead out casted me all my life. I was never accepted by you and your kind despite being a hybrid not even once. I don't give a care about you and your kind anymore for as far as I’m concerned you’re my enemy period so die." 
He sensed the Freeloader give up to death as he felt himself pleasant from it. Tom willed aside the Banshee to stare at Thura with arms folded who formed a glare on her face making him gulp. 
Tom saw her unfolded her arms followed by her finger spelling "You want to tell me what was said between the two of you? That Keo told me some wild story about you telling the High Council various information about his species and calling it a betrayal despite you a hybrid." 
Tom exhaled a breath and inhaled to hear from Ramses unexpectedly "Mindbender just tell her what you said to that Freeloader period. She'll get it what's going on between you and the Freeloader species despite her not knowing your point of view in this conflict." 
He felt Ramses stop as he saw Thura's eyes narrow with look becoming more glaring followed by her folding her arms. 
He mouth "Thura, the Keo species never once since I was raised by their Queen accepted me as one of their own or as part of the Moorra or should I say First Ones as the High Council calls their species. I was out casted by the Keos not wanting anything to do with me despite their Queen raising me and trying to keep me alive. That wound up happening despite them thinking of having me put to death."
He saw no reaction from Thura who remained glaring at him. 
He continued mouthing "As a result of this out casting status by the Keo species I call them by the High Council name of Freeloader, I have declared the species my enemy. I will do what it takes to retaliate against them for that out casting behavior they did to me. The Freeloader wasn't kidding on what he said to you about me telling the High Council various information about his species. It was seeing his species as an enemy that caused me to talk. I will tell anyone who wants to know various information about the Freeloader species. I don't give a care if the Freeloaders disagree with who I’m talking to period. I don't care about the Freeloaders anymore to care about them anyway."
Tom stopped mouthing to put a hand on Thura's shoulder who kept on glaring at him.
Tom continued to mouth "I had it with the Freeloaders' out casting behavior towards me. I no longer will tolerate the Freeloader species or see them as my allies. Their now my enemy period and I don't give a care about what people say to change that view. They'll forever be my enemy as long as I live period so get used to that view from me, Thura." 
He reached out his other hand placing it on Thura's shoulder to gently rub the area while staring at her with a frown. 
She he saw unfolded her arms again and finger spelled "You want to tell me what your views will be towards the Freeloader Queen who raised you? I'm told she is somewhere in Shadan in leadership position after being exiled from Uzan?"
Tom sighed and exhaled a breath then inhaled then mouthed "I’m still undecided on what to do towards her. She's known by me to do what it takes to keep me alive while raising me on Uzan. I haven't figured her out or her actual purposes towards me related to raising me and the actual reason for that attitude of keeping me alive at the moment. I do warn you Thura that if it comes out that she was actually using me as some amusement toy like Freeloaders have been repeatedly accusing her to me in my presence that I will kill her once the opportunity arrives. I also will see that she dies if it's proven that she was responsible for causing me medical injuries in response to my enemy attitude towards her species."
He stopped mouthing to stare at Thura who finger spelled "What about your father reportedly mentioned by that Freeloader you killed being here in Shadan? What are you planning on doing towards him if he proves to cause you medical injuries as a father punishing his son as a reason for that?"
Tom removed his hands from Thura's shoulders to look up eyes onto the ceiling as if drawn willing forwards the Banshee to hear mentally sounding in his mind "The Freeloader you killed in question was bait to prove to Thura what was warned to her. You confirmed by your own words. Frankly I’m disappointed in you Tom. I expect better from you than that as you my son and I your father." 
Tom mentally spoke "Then die, Freeloader."
He again heard from the Freeloader his father he assumed to his disgust "You forget that objects such as windows can block your mental orders. Tom, so I'm safe where I am from you." 
Tom mentally spoke sounding annoyed "Then face me Freeloader!"
He heard in response "Will that state away Mindbender. Your scaring Fingers who's indicating it by her behavior."
He stiffened from the Highlander's voice obeyed. Tom shifted to look at Thura he saw had her hands covering her eyes and shaking visibly. He gently reached out his hands taking her close to him and gave her a hug she not resisting to that. He hugged her fully sensing her shaking stop which he felt her slump over in his arms. He lifted Thura up and carried her to the bed gently putting her down on it on a lying position and kissed her cheek she not stirring from it. He stood straightening up his form while eyeing her to find the scene changed to find himself in the High Council's meeting room. 
Tom eyed the High Council as the speaker was heard "Says you, Mindbender will serve us period as payment for the insult of not stopping an assassination of a group as your punishment. We will lift that punishment once it's obvious you have proven you worthy to us."
He sighed softly from the speaker's words to frown as the speaker added "Says Ramses tell the servants to give us the visual file of the recorded sun and Luna elements now." 
He heard Ramses speaking in response "High Council orders the visual file of the recorded sun and Luna elements submitted to them now." 
Tom frowned as the lights dimmed followed by seeing the familiar rectangle appear showing a sun and heard from the speaker "Says tell us what do you know of this object your seeing on the recorder now." 
Tom spoke while gesturing with a finger in an arch "It’s the sun too bright to stare at. It rises in one direction from the horizon and travels in the sky in some slow maneuver then sets in another horizon opposite from the horizon it roses." 
He frowned as the image changed to show a night sky with a round ball with clouds on it.
He folded his arms Thura styled to hear "Says tell us what are you seeing." 
He spoke "It’s the night sky with what Humanians call cold ball. They claim come in different appearances but the shape is always the same. The Humanians say that cold ball is always seen with the sky looking like that to manoids."
He frowned as the speaker was heard "Says we call this cold ball by the official name of moon. Moon has been dubbed by natives on Shadan seeing it by the name of Luna. They always refer the moon as a female deity as they refer Shadan as Mother some female deity." 
Tom frowned as the speaker paused followed by speaking again "Says watch the recording go in a fast move aimed at Luna which goes through what we call moon cycles seen from the ground at night time."
Tom obeyed seeing Luna he assumed he'll call the moon. He watched as Luna's shape became thinner and thinner with a line of a crescent seen till the moon disappeared followed by the moon appearing again twin to the disappearance. 
Tom heard from the speaker "Says this is what we refer as moon cycles to tell time as First Ones call it during night time. This cycled of the Luna's shape before disappearing happens every thirty nights before taking thirty nights again to resume the shape."
He frowned as the speaker became silent. He eyed the High Council to find them staring at him with the familiar masked Highlander looking at him with mouth in a thin line. 
He figuring that they wanted him to speak from memory of glancing out the window at Ran and Rhinna's house and seeing the moon from time to time.
Tom spoke "Alright I get it what you're talking about involving Luna the moon. I've seen this moon in the sky of Uzan from time to time but never paid attention to Luna's cycles. I only glanced at Luna to see the moon in various shapes but never thought that this was common among moons."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing the High Council as the speaker spoke "Says Ramses tell the servants to submit the visual file on the hurricane element known on Shadan now." 
He heard Ramses speaking "High Council wants the visual file of hurricane element known on Shadan submitted." 
Tom frowned as he eyed the screen to see the view changed to show the sun covered by clouds looking dark and sinister to him. The darkness arrived on the scene he saw something as water fell from it. Tom saw along with seeing plants in the vicinity of the recorder view whipping their fronds very hard. The sky he saw light up in a daylight form with a jagged line flashing along with hearing noises coming from it. He saw this repeated along with the water of the ocean he assumed looking violent angry and not normally like he saw when dumped into it. This Tom saw was followed by the scene changing to come from the air showing a cloud with a round hole in the middle twisting in a circle in a direction. 
He frowned as he heard from the speaker "Says what your watching is a storm dubbed hurricane by the First Ones. They have pinpointed the storm normally forms over the ocean when the elements are correct for it. The storm causes the ocean to go from normal standards into an angry state. The hurricane is powerful when traveling over the ocean and quite deadly towards manoids in vessels carrying them over the water's surface."
He frowned as the scene changed to show the cloud traveling over something brown looking. Tom saw the scene shifted view to show a forest of trees whipping limbs heavily along with getting uprooted and sailing in the air which he saw repeatedly.
This was followed by hearing the speaker speaking "Says the hurricane is deadly to manoids on land when it travels over it causing various numerous damage that can sometimes be not repairable." 
Tom frowned watching that as the scene changed to show the hurricane's cloud he assumed traveling over the brown area he assumed was land. Then reached blue area he assumed was the ocean and then went out of view of the recorder. Tom saw the rectangle stop followed by the lights resuming their brightness. 
He eyed the High Council to hear from the speaker again "Says there are such twin storms over lands that are not hurricanes that causes damage to manoids and their dwellings. This storm you saw is an example of this weather element that causes havoc to manoids." 
Tom heard from Ramses abruptly "Excuse me, High Council, Mindbender what do you know of King Winter and his cold?"
He spoke in answer to Ramses' question hearing no comment from the speaker "I've heard nothing about this King Winter but was that him who Hades used to cause the High Council some sort of problem?"
He clamped his mouth shut as the speaker was heard "Says yes that was King Winter. Ramses tell the servants to submit visual files on the cold lord and his cold on land now." 
He heard Ramses speaking "The High Council wants visual files on King Winter and his cold on land now." 
He saw the lights dim followed by showing a sun that the got clouds covering it followed by the recorder view shifting down towards a forest. A clearing to show multiple white stuff appearing to be in pieces falling from the sky he assumed in jumbled messes hitting the ground which became covered in whiteness that seemed to remain covered. 
Tom heard from the speaker again "Says what your seeing is an example of King Winter's cold storm. First Ones have called the stuff falling from the clouds landing onto the ground as snow. It's cold to the touch and covers the ground. The manoids living on Shadan have proved to show that the cold snow makes them cold and puts their bodies into some suspended sleep status. Also this snow status doesn't affect First Ones who have invented some kind of clothing wear. It's for traveling in it the areas covered of snow along with having offspring playing in it who do not seem affected by it." 
Tom frowned as the scene changed to show a manoid he saw Hades change into with a glaring stare on the male's face that made him grimace. The male he saw was heading towards the recorder view who dropped it. Tom saw the recorder's handler was a masked Highlander who stood with mouth in a grimace. Tom stiffened as King Winter got a hold of the Highlander by slamming a hand on the male's front. Tom saw the masked servant's neck appear to look bigger followed by the cold lord putting his mouth onto the Highlander's neck. The Cold Lord appeared to be making some sucking gesture followed by licking the neck area and removing his hand. The Highlander hit the ground appearing to be unconscious to him. 
Tom heard from the speaker "Says tell us what you think King Winter is doing to the servant recording this scene?"
He spoke sounding confused "I’m not sure but he looks like he's sucking something off the servant's neck that put him asleep. Hence the servant hitting the ground and looking like that." 
He frowned as the scene stopped followed by the lights coming back on. 
The speaker speaking "Says what you saw was King Winter feeding off the servant by sucking his blood to survive. No manoid except the Shadonia are spared from being fed off by King Winter and drainer like species that feed off manoids' blood to survive. Shadonian blood in question have turned out to be quite deadly towards drainer manoids including King Winter. Hades is reportedly like King Winter himself, feeds off manoids but avoids the Shadonia like any of the drainer species have done in question."
Tom spoke as the speaker became silent "Drainer like species? What do they look like anyway?"
He heard the speaker speak in response "Says is it time for servants to visit the Drainers for checking up on them?"
He heard from Ramses "Yes the servants are blaring to me on that check up status to send a servant for a talk so I'll send Mindbender to do it if you like." 
Tom heard "Says do it now Ramses." 
He blinked his eyes to find himself facing a set of steps as he heard multiple roaring noises sounding too loud for him along with a leg connecting with the back of his knees making him kneel. Tom heard gibberish cutting off the noises focused onto the stairs rising his eyes to feel a hand with smoothness grab his chin and forced to look away. He saw the hand's owner was a male wearing smooth black and white tight clothing molded to the body and having a mask covering his eyes and nose with white orbs seen. The male moved his mouth speaking in gibberish to him before releasing him to stand with arms folded showing some tall height. Tom looked away hearing gibberish sounding from the steps raised his eyes focused onto it. He frowned to find a manoid twin to the High Council's Shad speaker standing on a landing. Shad he saw looked behind in response further up the stairs then resumed staring at him with all black eyes narrowed. Tom frowned as he felt compelled to look pass Shad he assumed was his name. Tom saw sitting in a throne chair was a male wearing white gonoid skin clothing on the form with facial appearance identical to the male that grabbed his chin and having a grey crown on the head with points of circled dots. 
He eyed the male who spoke in gibberish followed by hearing a guttural voice speaking sounding off his right "Says talk on what the High Council wants now with you being here as transported by Ramses." 
He felt confusion hit him. Tom remained silent as his hair was grabbed and found the manoid who grabbed his chin sticking his face in his face and moving his mouth repeating the words sounding of Freeloaders' language to him. 
Tom heard from Ramses abruptly "Just admit on where you came from and your confusion hitting." 
He heard nothing more from the Meritanian spoke in Freeloader language while hearing the manoid that grabbed his hair speaking gibberish "I came from off planet Shadan on another world. The High Council is currently teaching me what I should know related to this planetary world due to kept isolated on the world I came from."
Tom clamped his mouth shut as gibberish was heard spoken from the male with crown from recognizing the voice. 
The manoid that grabbed his hair released his hold and spoke "Says we're called Drainers who suck essences from manoids to survive. We admit we don't like the High Council. Their part of our enemy species the Highlanders and we will do what it takes to spite the group period. Ask the High Council for an example of us feeding on manoids for we're not going to demonstrate onto you anyway. We Drainers are known for translating various languages except there's few that are untranslatable so Ramses transport this manoid out now." 
He found himself in the High Council's meeting room. He got up and stood facing the High Council to feel his mind scanned. Tom folded his arms and stood staring at the group lengthy till they stopped scanning him he assumed and saw them went into a discussion. 
Tom frowned as the speaker was heard after the discussion appeared to have stopped "Says Ramses, talk on why the Drainers appeared to have a speaker in their hands you refusing to transport to us despite ordered to do it." 
Tom heard from Ramses "Sorry High Council but this speaker in question from mind scanned before kicked out doesn't have the proper mind set to speak for you. The speaker's mind is similar to a First One when it comes to thinking from mind scans of him. It's something you told us servants that speakers shouldn't have when meeting your requirements for speaking for you. You specified very clearly that speakers should be a bit on the gonoid side when it comes to their thinking for you to have them in the job of speaking for you. Sorry for balking your order despite detecting both speakers for you who don't currently meet your requirements at the moment and that's from mind scanning them."
Tom frowned as Ramses became silent. 
Tom eyed the High Council to hear from the speaker "Says Ramses admit it that Mindbender can hear you broadcasting. It doesn't matter if your talking to him or not." 
He formed a frown on his lips as he heard from Ramses "Yah I saw what you saw in Mindbender's mind and figured out what you told me. Besides didn't you make it clear that you didn't want to hear of non Highlander manoids having the ability to hear us Meritanians broadcasting all over the place on your home base?"
Tom eyed the speaker who bowed his head followed by eyeing the High Council who he saw went into a discussion. 
Tom wound up eyeing the Highlander who raised his head and spoke "Says transport Mindbender to Fingers now." 
He found the scene changed to find Thura seated on the bed eating from a tray holding dishware of food. Tom wound up noticing a female Highlander standing nearby wearing some dress on her form that made him think it was for covering her femininity but figured on what gender she was. He went to Thura to kneel in front of her as she noticed him picked up one of the two cups from the tray and held it towards him. 
He heard from the female Highlander unexpectedly "Drinks for you Mindbender as insisted by Fingers when I brought her the nourishment." 
He didn't comment a response took the cup from Thura. Tom sipped the drink noticing it was orange colored taking his time sipping it. She he saw resumed eating the food by using utensils in her hands to manipulate the nourishment from a plate. He eyed Thura who ate the food and saw her pick up a cup to sip it while staring at him back as he stared at her. Tom once done with the cup placed it on the tray on Thura's lap who finished her drink to put the cup down. Thura he saw handed the female the tray who took it and walked out of sight while hearing the sound of a door sliding open and closed behind him. Tom eyed Thura to reach forwards taking one of her hands who shook it out of his grip making him annoyed. 
He found his annoyance was for nothing as Thura finger spelled "They told me not to lie down so soon after eating. Their medical doctor says so which I suspect that order goes to you anyway." 
Tom didn't comment a response to get up and sat next to Thura gently putting an arm around her. Tom felt her lean against him with form still which he sensed she had fallen asleep from his senses telling him of it. He adjusted Thura till she was completely onto his lap sideways leaning against him. Tom wrapped his arms around her as she didn't stir but remained sleeping. Tom held Thura lengthy till the Banshee was thrown forwards unexpectedly.
He heard a male voice of a Highlander sounding in his mind "Medical doctor says that she can lie down now for the appropriate time has passed. I also warn you that the medical doctor is still testing you on how your body will react to having nourishment after not taking it via mouth use for too much time. This is ordered by the High Council who wants clearly detailed medical records done on you due to you serving them."
Tom heard nothing more willed aside the Banshee to gently adjust the both of them. He was completely lying on the bed still holding Thura with his arms around her who remained sleeping. He eyed the ceiling as if drawn to sense someone staring at him. The staring ceased followed by shutting his eyes due to feeling sleepiness hitting him and passing out unconscious. 

Tom grimaced from the memory running through his mind as he stood in the High Council's throne room. He called it instead of meeting room while eyeing the group seemingly in some discussion again. He sighed recalling Barry got a hold of him one day while in the barroom drinking his Vodka drink and ordered him to finish the drink. Barry he recalled wanted to show him something which he obeyed and followed him to the hallway. He stood as Barry spoke foreign language in a compelling voice tone and found himself with the Builder in some all white room. Tom recalled the room had a figure wearing white clothes lying on the bed wearing some oxygen mask while asleep. 
Tom frowned recognizing the figure as Jinks as Barry spoke to him "Scan his mind and see what's going on. I've been seeing something suspicious going on in various locations involving manoids. Mostly acting like they were possessed by some entity form that form Osiris's familiar eye color change ability before its willed away and doing something that favors Osiris himself. Besides the Meritanians have balked my requests on scanning his mind by refusing to answer to me giving them that request in question. Highlander servants when asked have refused to do that mind scanning job by acting too scared to do that job which I figured that you'll do it."
Tom frowned but obeyed to will forwards the Banshee to mentally speak while eyeing Jinks "Mind reveal." 
Tom saw clearly in Jinks' mind that Jinks had some ability to transport his mind to manoids. Jinks had the ability to possess taking control of them and their bodies and saw that the male didn't seem aware of the ability. Tom discovered that the possession was some entity form that made him think it was sinister. 
Tom felt himself cut off from scanning Jinks' mind sensing it was the Meritanians doing it which he mentally spoke "Mind reveal stop." 
He willed aside the Banshee and spoke to Barry what he saw in Jinks' mind entirely seeing the Builder form a glare on his face. 
This was followed by the male snarling in some angry tone in Basic "It figures on what's going on with Osiris anyway. Excuse me Mindbender while I transport you back. I have business to attend.

Tom grimaced from the memory hitting him recalling that he got transported to Thura. He felt a compulsion to mate with her proceeded to do it despite she not in the mood to it. He grimaced that he got the upper hand using his size to overpower her and got her to submit to his mating urge. 
He eyed the High Council seemingly lengthy while shaking himself of the memories as the group stopped their discussion. 
Their speaker he noticed raised his head speaking "Says have you scanned the offspring of yours that Fingers is reportedly carrying?"
He sighed at the question recalling that Thura was expecting his child. Thura was showing that status in some fast timely manner. That included along with seemingly going through a phase of being angry at him despite going through that while she carried Thurin for a lengthier time period. 
He spoke from memory of Thura's carrying status became known to him as confirmed by the medical doctor "I haven't scanned yet not since Fingers threw up in front of me repeatedly while acting sick. I having to scan her mind for telling the medical doctor how she was feeling. The medical doctor wound up diagnosed her carrying status. I confirmed that after sensing a mind inside her." 
He folded his arms Thura styled to hear from the speaker "Says what's gotten you upset? You're arms folded that style is indicating it." 
He eyed his arms and then adjusted them till they were at his sides and spoke "I was copying Fingers' arm folding habit. I had an arm folding style that someone told me was Freeloader styled." 
He frowned eyeing the speaker who spoke "Says copy the arm folding position the speaker will demonstrate that is common among First Ones to have while hiding their feelings towards others." 
He saw the speaker fold his arms copied the arm gesture and got told "Says don't forget the arm folding style you were taught that your to use in front of First Ones only but not in front of us. We don't like arm folding habits from servants period." 
Tom spoke as the speaker stopped folding his arms as he copied "I get it your talk High Council."
He hears growling noises from the Falcons as Anubis's loud whisper was heard "Do not address the High Council with their actual titled name in their presence. It's not necessary to speak it in front of them. You can refer that titled name to other servants but not to them period." 
Tom exhaled a breath and spoke "Excuse me for the inappropriate wording."
He clamped his mouth shut and stared at the High Council as the speaker spoke "Says Mindbender you're to scan Fingers' offspring she is carrying then report back to us about it so Ramses transport Mindbender to Fingers now." 
Tom found himself in Thura's presence seeing her lying on the bed with a frown on her face that turned to a glare eyeing him. 
He went up to her and mouthed "I have to scan for the offspring your carrying. This requires me to put forwards my Berserker side so shut your eyes and I'll tap you twice once I'm done."
Tom got a look of disgust from Thura who shut her eyes. He willed forwards the Banshee and scanned the offspring. Tom wound up sensing it was a male and was from mind scans communicating with Thura. His son's thoughts broadcasting within her mind he sensed complaining about not detecting his father hanging around and wanted him. He sighed and reached out a hand touching Thura where the baby was inside her pressing on the area. Tom sighed to sense from the baby that he detected the touch and gently got the offspring into birth position by manipulating him to move. He willed aside the Banshee sensing the baby had fallen asleep while inside Thura to remove his hand and tapped her on the shoulder to find her not waking up. 
He frowned removing his hand as the Banshee got thrown in by a male Highlander voice saying in his mind "Fingers from scans has fallen into the sleep status for females carrying. So don't touch her or scan her or scan the offspring she's carrying period. You should know why I'm telling you this." 
Tom groaned softly willed the Banshee away to find himself in the High Council's throne room eyeing the group as their speaker spoke "Says talk on what you found out about Fingers' offspring she's carrying before she fell into her sleeping status." 
He sighed and spoke after inhaling air "I scanned the offspring and it turns out to be a Gihon who was communicating with Fingers with complaints of wanting me repeatedly." 
He frowned as the speaker spoke "Says what's a Gihon which is some Freeloader term we're still not able to translate."
He pointed to himself while speaking "I'm a Gihon who fathers offspring like your speaker is also a Gihon for being like that. Fingers like anyone like her carrying offspring are a Pishon." 
He frowned while lowering his pointing finger to eye the High Council as the speaker spoke "Says we get it your talk Mindbender. But the correct term we accept period for Gihon is male or males for more than one. The correct term we accept for Pishon is female or females for more than one."
Tom spoke as the speaker became silent "I get it your talk on what you want." 
He clamped his mouth shut as the speaker spoke "Says we have a job for you so hand him the robe Anubis." 
He got handed the familiar hooded robe which he put on covering his head as the speaker added "Says we will communicate to Ramses to tell you what it is once he transport you to a discreet location starting now." 
He found himself on a stairwell felt compelled to go down them which he obeyed to hear from Ramses "The High Council want you to pay attention to where your going Mindbender so you can figure out where to go for transporting as I guide you to the place of where your to go." 
He frowned but didn't think of a comment paid attention to the guiding. Tom looked to find himself in some tall towering grey blocky building city from the looks of it among First Ones. He saw that they wearing various clothes along with sensing warmth of the sun shining from overhead. He wordlessly found himself guided to a forest area while hearing Freeloader language amplified loudly in a male voice with sounds that annoyed him. 
He heard from Ramses "Mindbender simply follow the noises is where you'll find a gathering of people facing in one direction where someone is making the noises." 
He obeyed following the noises while walking through the bushes and weaving around trees to come up a group of people seemingly vast in number all facing a direction. He saw appeared to be some version of a stage while First Ones were on it holding objects in their hands while manipulating and giving off the sounds he figured they were doing. Tom wound up hearing them giving off wording that suggested peace to him. He frowned folding his arms the same style as the speaker taught him to watch the scene finding himself further annoyed by it and it seemed lengthy. 
He watched as the First Ones halted to hear sounds of applause and cheering noises he recognized then watched as there was a male voice speaking loudly "Your Mayor Kevin Hettinger please welcome him!"
Tom watched as a male with blue eyes and brown short hair wearing some odd clothing he recognized from the Highlanders Excuser and Seeker were wearing come into view to sounds of scattered applause. Tom heard multiple groaning sounds from the First Ones among him. Tom watched as the male reached a stand with a round cylinder attached and spoke words that sounded amplified. The words bored him seemingly making him think that the male was being annoying and from the sounds of it was trying to get people to do something called voting for him. 
He heard someone yell from the crowd loudly during a break in the boring speech "How's your health these days Hettinger?!"
Tom heard from Ramses abruptly "Mindbender the High Council wants you to knock out your target dubbed Hettinger which your should figure out who he is actually. Just knock him out which is First One term for put him down asleep but make sure he's doing it during a speech."
Tom frowned but willed the Banshee forwards while eyeing Hettinger he assumed he'll call him who responded sounding annoyed to him "My health is fine no need to worry about it." 
Tom mentally spoke while eyeing Hettinger who again went into another boring speech "Hettinger down." 
Tom saw his order obeyed by Hettinger rolling his eyes and slid to the floor of the stage. The others seen gathered around went to him gently patting him on the cheek he saw one did. Tom wound up hearing the crowd giving off wording that sounded of insults along with the word boo repeatedly over and over as he willed aside the Banshee. Tom frowned as he saw several First Ones wearing uniforms he assumed arrived. Tom saw the uniforms got Hettinger onto a bed and carried him out off the stage and out of sight. The crowd kept up their taunting words he assumed that they were insulting the First One. Tom stiffened as he felt a familiar feeling hitting him jerked his arms down groaning softly as the urge to mate hit him hard. Tom felt compelled to walk away which he obeyed going into the bushes hiding out of sight. He blinked his eyes to find himself facing a door which he kicked open with the mating urge getting too strong within him. Tom found himself in some dwelling belonging to First Ones. Tom quietly shut the door while hearing noises of people talking. Tom wound up to notice on the wall off his right was a flat screen rectangle showing people on it that were appearing to be talking. They didn't seem to notice him as he went to the furniture in front of the wall holding the monitor he assumed it was. Tom went to it as if compelled to find a female form wearing some dress lying on there asleep from the looks of it. Tom willed the Banshee through and mentally spoke the down command seeing her remain asleep. He looked around the dwelling finding no one in sight except for the monitor still blaring away as he willed aside the Banshee. He adjusted his pants and got the female to lay on her back pulling up her dress to find she wearing some flimsy underwear. He tore apart and got himself on top of her. He found the bed he assumed it was had his feet hanging off the edge as he thrust himself inside her finding she barely fit him but was able to accommodate him. He rolled his eyes once inside her as he thrust in rhythm finding charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her. Tom with a thrust spilled himself inside her. He sighed feeling the mating urge gone and pulled out. Tom wound up pulling her dress to adjust his clothes covering him then got up to find darkness hitting unexpectedly all over making him blind. He frowned hearing nothing as he felt himself forced to kneel by a stick hitting the back of his knees then small hands touched his face. He found the darkness went away. Tom seeing the hands' owner was a small female appearing to be a child with all white eyes while wearing a raggedy dress on her form while having part of her brown hair up. He eyed her warily as she removed her hands and disappeared in a flash of light. 
He found himself in the High Council's throne room stood up to face the group as the speaker who spoke "Says spill it Ramses on why Mindbender is sick that requires Life to heal him."
Tom frowned hearing the name Life to figure out it was the little female's name. 
He eyed the High Council to hear from Ramses "Sorry High Council but should have accounted that the female Mindbender compelled to target for mating use. It was due to we giving him mating urges."
Tom felt his mood flatten hearing that as Ramses kept blaring "The female was actually sick with some illness that involved some wording called cough or coughing. She was down asleep from taking some kind of medicine to knock her out. I wasn't sure that the coughing illness she had would affect Mindbender when he mated with her which it appeared it did. Sorry High Council I did this without your orders besides Mindbender when he had the mating urges hit by me giving him. He as sensed from him made me suspect that he would do nothing but to get the mating done like as sensed from Freeloader males doing it to females." 
He didn't comment a response to Ramses' talk as Anubis was heard "Can I have my robe back now Mindbender?"
Tom glimpsed the High Council in a discussion took off the robe and handed it to Anubis who faded from view and then appeared without the cloth. 
He eyed the High Council as they finished their discussion followed by their speaker heard speaking "Says Mindbender what do you know of this Freeloader female that raised you hmm?"
He spoke from memory of the Freeloader female actually a Queen raising him from birth till he was exiled from Uzan. Tom wound up including what other Freeloaders accused her of doing in his presence. She he heard accusing her of using him as some amusement toy for Freeloaders to amuse themselves. He recalling the accusation with such as hunting for First Ones in some hunting game he was used for that. He clamped his mouth shut as he saw the speaker bow his head and stiffened as his mind was scanned. Tom stiffened as a memory came to his mind fully. Tom recalling himself as a young child seated on the floor of an asylum room from the looks of it while holding a baby Meowler in his hands. Tom sensed himself was upset while holding the gonoid that was rumbling vibrations. 
He saw the Queen come into the room with a male Freeloader wearing a coat speaking "He passed the test according to the Meowler he's holding that is calmly letting him holder her." 
Tom frowned shutting his eyes from the memory running through him.
He recalled the Queen speaking "Doctor, I plan to use Tom here to amuse the Keos as an excuse to keep him alive. The Keos have been strongly insisting on hybrids of Keo Moorra to die like has always have done. I refused to do it to Tom as I made an oath to his father after his mother his mate Tomah was killed off by a Keo who didn't do this on my orders."
He eyed the doctor from memory that spoke "I recommended that you have him get nourishment from the Daffodil drug via injections to his arm. He'll be easily controlled from the addiction to the drugged status to do whatever you want him to do." 
He stiffened from the memory as the Queen spoke "Do the recommendation doctor and start the injections now. He's old enough to be weaned from the mother milk substance. Besides I aim to have him implanted with the breathing device once you say he's old enough to withstand wearing it."
He continued to stiffen as the doctor spoke "Actually my Queen there is another method for him to gain nourishment once he receives the breathing device which is by feeding tube implanted in his arm. I recommended you wait till it's obvious that he's a threat to Keos to have the devices implanted. I'm not sure if he has inherited the Banshee side or not. I figured once he has shown any indication of inheriting that is when you can implant him of the devices."
He recalled the Queen speaking "Fine I'll tell the guards to keep an eye onto him very strongly so start the injections now." 
He continued to recall the doctor speaking "Certainly my Queen." 
Followed by the memory going black as Tom jerked open his eyes feeling rage hitting him as the memory stopped its course running through him. He kneel feeling the ground stop being smooth but rugged. He gave up roaring sounds of anger while rocking his form back and forth. He roared and roared till his throat began to complain. He stopped the roaring to fist a hand putting it on his scarred cheek rubbing the area while shutting his eyes. He felt rage still within him as the ground stopped being rugged but metal. He felt his mind scanned to feel his bad mood stop being worse but simmering to keep him focused. 
Tom heard loudly "Says Ramses transport the Freeloaders' Queen who's dubbed by the name of Alesia to an observation room now and do it regardless of what she says." 
Tom jerked open his eyes to stand up removing his hand while eyeing the High Council to hear from Ramses "Done as ordered so what should I do to her?"
Tom glared at the High Council as the speaker spoke "Says Mindbender we will have you transported to Alesia's location where you will do whatever you want towards her as long as she's dead period so Ramses transport him now." 
He found himself in a hallway illuminated by round spotlights overhead to find himself facing a door. Tom felt compelled to do his combative art moves obeyed to do them over and over till his foul mood stopped taking control but was still simmering within him. He felt the urge to do combative art stop. Tom walked towards the door to find it slide open showing a familiar observation room where a female Freeloader. She he saw was appearing to be Alesia from the looks of her seated on the bed that got up abruptly eyeing him nervously he sensed. 
Tom glared at Alesia and spoke sounding angry while speaking Freeloader language "You used me, Alesia as an amusement toy when you raised me." 
He got nothing from Alesia as he continued "You had me in some drugged status to control me along with implanted with a breathing device and feeding tube just to keep me underneath your control. Don’t deny this for I remember you in conversation with a Freeloader medic talking about it in front of me as a child so talk on this now!"
He glared at Alesia who formed a big frown on her face then stared at the floor before staring at him and speaking "I deny having you used for amusement. I actually cared about you anyway." 
Tom felt rage take control willed forwards the Banshee while eyeing Alesia to feel senses blaring warning unexpectedly. He felt compelled to shut his eyes obeyed then opened them to find Alesia standing off his right in a fast move. 
He glared at her turning to face her in a fast move and spoke mentally "Die!"
He saw Alesia crumble to the ground with form still and sensing her give up to death. He glared at Alesia's departed form raised a hand fisted aimed at her. Tom mentally willed aside the Banshee to walk away going out of the room to the hallway as he kneeled and gave up roaring sounds of anger. 
He roared out repeatedly "You used me!"
Tom kept up the roaring out noises till he felt the floor stop being rugged changed to metal along with a hand clawed clamping over his mouth cutting him off. He was forced to stand by hands grabbing his arms. He eyed the High Council feeling his rage still in control while eyeing the group seemingly lengthy go into discussion. Tom felt his mind scanned by them halting their discussing which he glared at them with eyes narrowed. 
Tom didn't think of a comment as he felt his mind scanned till the speaker was heard speaking "Says strip Mindbender of his body wear now." 
He found the Falcons doing it while still holding onto him. 
He was naked completely while still in a bad mood eyeing the High Council as their speaker again spoke "Says Ramses dump Mindbender into the ocean. Make sure it’s a safe location for that now." 
He felt the Falcons' holds off of him to find himself floating in night air with the mind scanning stopped with the moonlight shining partially. He fell gave up a loud roaring sound of anger clamped his mouth shut as he fell into the ocean with night vision becoming dormant. He glared all around him not seeing which way was the surface figured on one direction. Tom dived towards it kicking his feet in the direction while feeling something of pressure increased as he dived further only to meet a large gonoid that blocked his way. He stiffened seeing the gonoid was joined by various other gonoids like it while hearing chatter sounding in his mind talking about him being a human and that he'll do for the job they had in mind. Tom frowned feeling his mood stopped being bad as he felt himself needing to breathe oxygen.
Tom heard sounding in his mind abruptly as one gonoid edged itself near him "Grab my fin while I take you to where you're to go." 
He eyed the gonoid to see an object jutting from its back. Tom obeyed grabbing it with both hands and found the gonoid pulling him in a fast move. Tom wound up noticing it swishing its tail in some up and down gesture as it smoothly went through the ocean with others of it following. Tom frowned feeling himself urged to breathe kept himself from doing it till the water stopped all around him leaving his head a sticky substance.
He heard from the gonoid "I urge you to breathe. Your head is out of the water now."
Tom obeyed gulping air while feeling the water he assumed moving all over the place and even splashing onto him. 
Tom sighed softly as the gonoid he heard mentally spoke to him "We're called Trigan a species. We change from Human to Orca the whale water species that both breathe oxygen back and forth. So talk on who you are since you can hear us." 
He sighed and spoke out loud "I'm called Tom." 
He eyed the Trigan he held onto that shook his hand off. He found himself sinking into the water only to hear from the male he assumed from the voice tone instructions on how to keep himself from sinking into the water. He obeyed finding himself floating in the water head above the surface the Trigan calling it treading. Tom didn't comment as the Trigan proceeded to give him instructions on how to get himself to move in the water by himself manipulating his arms and legs to kick moving in and out of the surface. The Trigans he heard wound up calling the movements by the word of swimming. Tom frowned as the Trigan halted the teaching.
He got told "Tread."
Tom frowned while hearing faint groaning noises sounding in a female tone to him. He frowned as he was ordered to go to a Trigan with fin he assumed it was he saw was curved. He obeyed to get ordered to help her get the offspring out. He ducked under her to find something resembling a small version of a Trigan sticking out of her near the tail end with a tail seen. He grabbed the offspring and with a yank pulled it out to hear a thank you comment. Tom let go watching as the baby version of the Trigan went to the surface which he followed seeing it breathe air from a hole on top of its head area. Tom eyed the baby Trigan as it then went to its mother to put mouth on her side he ducking underwater to see that happen. Tom frowned as the Trigan he heard mentally called for Ramses to transport him out. He found himself hitting a metal floor with a loud grunt sound and swung himself up to find himself in the High Council's throne room eyeing the group feeling his mood no longer bad from seeing them. 
He frowned as the speaker spoke "Says Ramses transport Mindbender to where he can get himself appropriately attired now." 
Tom found himself in a bedroom hearing a familiar Listener voice ordering him out and that it was Listener nesting room. Tom obeyed finding himself not keen on arguing with the Listener to find a Listener in the hallway leaning against the wall.
The Listener straightened up seeing him spoke "Excuse me while I lead you to your bedroom since you're still new around here." 
He shrugged in response to follow the Listener lead him to a door that was second from the wall ending the hallway. Tom got ordered inside which he obeyed to find Barry inside sleeping on the raised bed from the looks of it. Tom quietly went into the private room to find clothes and shoes for him sitting on the toilet seat cover. He figured he'll shower proceeded to do that which once done dried himself then put on the clothes and shoe wear. He went to the mirror to stare at his face seemingly lengthy then walked out to find Barry up and awake seated on the bed that gave him a glare. Tom sighed as Barry flared golden eyes and pointed his cane still held in his right hand aimed at him along with putting the thing down still glaring at him. 
He spoke "Excuse me for waking you up. I tried to be quiet as I could." 
He frowned as Barry spoke sounding annoyed "That's not what I was indicating Mindbender so talk on what you were doing after dumped into the ocean by the Meritanians. Don't deny anything for I saw it clearly."
He sighed softly and then inhaled to speak talking about meeting up with the Trigan species in Orca form along with what they taught him to swim including helping a female get her offspring out of her.
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Barry who spoke stopping flaring golden eyes "And your mood just prior to the ocean dumping's source and now in front of me?"
He exhaled a breath through his mouth then inhaled to speak "I was in a bad mood enough to want to use my fists onto someone. This was from confronting my Freeloader raiser Alesia is her name some Freeloader Queen in leadership position. She didn't give me the answer I wanted related to having me in some drugged addiction status for her to control me. That control was used along with control status emphasized by having me implanted with some oxygen mask and feeding tube. The implants were used once it was obvious I inherited the Banshee side of the Freeloader species. This happened actually. I wound in a bad mood in front of the High Council who had me stripped of my body wear then dumped into the ocean. I managed to calm down enough to help the Trigan who helped me with a problem of swimming they call it in water of the ocean. I wound up stopped being in a bad mood to help them. I'm no longer in a bad mood at the moment just feeling calm enough to talk to you like a normal person instead of using fists." 
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Barry who kept the glare aimed at him and then the Builder spoke "Talk on your confrontation with this Alesia as seen by me in more clear details now." 
He spoke "I willed my Berserker side forwards to felt compelled to shut my eyes. I know is a trick by Alesia to escape from me. It's from her doing it repeatedly onto me whenever I was in a bad mood to target her when I was implanted with the oxygen mask. She managed to escape me out of sight with her guards from that stunt. I managed to shake it off to find Alesia standing off my side. I gave up the death order towards her finding success with that with her giving up to death. I then walked out of the room once done to hit the hallway. I felt myself in a bad mood kneeled and gave up roaring sounds of anger. Anubis and Falcons stopped my noises after I was transported to the High Council." 
He clamped his mouth shut as Barry's eyes became golden followed by the Builder shutting his eyes with some concentration look on his face seemingly lengthy. Barry heard giving off his familiar foreign language chatter in a compelling voice tone then cutting off his talk before opening his eyes showing them no longer golden. 
Tom frowned as Barry spoke "Hit the drinking room or whatever you call it and get some nourishment now. I already had my drink. From the looks of it the High Council might want me in their presence judging by them interrogating a servant to admit something who's balking on doing it." 
Tom didn't comment a response as he left the room going to the barroom. Tom inside he found the familiar Highlander pair, the Listeners' group and Nameless inside who ignored him entering the room. 
He went to a stool to sit that was next to the Highlander pair only to hear from Nameless loudly "Don't sit there Mindbender. Only Barry sits there and believe me he has repeatedly gotten whoever sits there transported out of the room to elsewhere which I hear involves ocean dumping." 
Tom sighed and got up going to the stool next to it. Tom got stared at by the bartender.
He spoke "Vodka." 
He clamped his mouth shut as the bartender continued to stare at him.
He heard from the Listener "You sound like you have a problem hitting you by your voice tone."
Tom formed a glare aimed at the Listener hearing silence from the Listeners' jabbering.
Tom sensing that they were eavesdropping which he spoke "Then give me something to drink since Vodka isn't going to cut it." 
He glared at the bartender which he heard from one of the Listeners off his left sounding in Hammarabbi "Give creepy eyes a drink of milk and make sure he doesn't gulp it down."
Tom exhaled a breath and inhaled to turn his head towards the Listeners.
Tom spoke in Hammarabbi "My name isn't creepy eyes, Listener. I'm dubbed Mindbender and cut it with the insults. I'm not in the mood to argue with people on proper names for people to be called." 
He looked away hearing vulgar language jabbering from the Listeners in Hammarabbi sounding of insults aimed at him. He ignored eyeing the bartender doing his work who handed him a gold cup. He took finding it contained a liquid in the color of white. Tom sipped the drink finding it tasted good as the jabbering stopped and found the bartender staring at him with eyes narrowed. 
He halted his sipping to speak "Out with it bartender on what's your implying."
He heard from the bartender who spoke "You're fluent in Hammarabbi. You should have said something about it after hearing us Listeners speak it for the first time in your presence Mindbender as you're called."
He heard in response "Listeners how many times must I remind you on servants ordered to keep whatever talents they have to themselves. Servants ordered only using it whenever it's necessary to other servants?"
Tom frown hearing the voice as Nameless to hear from the bartender who shifted to look pass him "Don’t remind me of that two bit info, Nameless so keep on drinking and stay out of this talk between me and Mindbender." 
He heard nothing from Nameless as the bartender shift to glare at him. 
He spoke "Well excuse me for not saying anything. That's due to that Listeners and I got off on negative means. I'm not keen on having to argue or fight with Listeners again. That after having something like that happen despite your kind insulting me with insults after it came out that I was fluent in Hammarabbi as you said." 
He glared at the bartender who spoke in Hammarabbi "I ought to foot your seat for not admitting to that fluent ability in Hammarabbi in the first place. That after hearing us talk as usual by others doing it to us repeatedly over and over just to spy on us talking." 
He spoke in Hammarabbi to the Listener "Let's make it clear bartender, the High Council didn't say anything to me to spy onto you. Besides I figured you and your people would react negatively if I said anything about being fluent in Hammarabbi to you in the first place. It's due to how well we both got off negatively towards each other." 
He glared at the Listener while again sipping his drink to find the bartender reaching out a hand yanking the cup away from his mouth. 
He kept a hold onto it tight as he could as the male spoke Hammarabbi "I warn you Mindbender that the High Council has repeatedly have servants fluent in Hammarabbi sent to here under the guise of drinking just to eavesdrop on what's said between us Listeners to report to the group. They in response of negative talk heard about them send us Listeners with a mission through a travel gate we don’t like traveling through for anything that strikes their whims."
Tom kept his mouth shut as the bartender released his hold on the cup and continued "There was a group of Listeners overheard talking negatively about the High Council. They got sent through a travel gate for a mission not known to us to this day despite asking done. They haven't been heard back or returned since. We blame the eavesdropper reportedly some Highlander we managed to put down on a permanent basis after it came out that he was fluent in Hammarabbi for the loss of our companions. I warn you that the put down method onto this Highlander involved our fists and whatever weapons we had on our forms to hit him with. We hear that he's down on a permanent basis."
Tom resumed sipping the drink as the bartender continued talking "We have made it clear to the High Council that we reserve the right to insult them as long as we wish. That includes along with telling the group off that we will not tolerate servants of theirs eavesdropping onto our talk to report to them on what's said. That even includes having us sent through travel gates for missions. We told the High Council that we will not serve them for that due to the loss of our companions. We will serve them on anything else as they wish for whatever whims strikes them. That's what we expect the High Council and whoever serving them to get it this talk and that includes you as well." 
He kept on sipping the drink as the bartender jabbed a finger aimed at him and then walked off going to his companions. Tom wound up to again hear them jabbering in Hammarabbi he eavesdropped speaking various insults at the High Council and not sparing him either. He shifted to stare at the bar top tuning the Listeners out to concentrate onto his thoughts. He sipped the drink entirely till it was gone then placed the cup down on the bar top. He got up and walked out of the room going to Barry's room to find the Builder not inside. 
He sighed as he heard from Ramses speaking "Hold on a minute High Council while I do something just to make sure that this talk isn't taken serious by the wrong people overhearing." 
Tom frowned as he felt sleepiness hitting him shook his head and felt compelled to sleep. He went to the floor's bed and fell down onto it shutting his eyes passing out unconscious to come to feeling a clawed hand patting him on the cheek while feeling hand holds on his arms holding him up in a sagging standing position. 
Tom adjusted his position after opening his eyes to find himself in the High Council's throne room with Barry there who spoke "Talk on what you told me related to confronting this Freeloader Queen dubbed Alesia now." 
He obeyed repeating what he told Barry not leaving anything out. Tom wound up to frown staring at the High Council sensing his mind scanned seemingly lengthy. Tom noticing the speaker had his head bowed followed by the mind scanning stopped. 
Then the speaker raising his head and speaking "Says interesting hearing that Barry. It does explain some questions related to what's going on. What do you recommended we do about this hmm?"
Tom heard from Barry speaking foreign language in a compelling voice tone felt sleepiness shut his eyes. Tom wound up passing out unconscious to come to feeling a familiar clawed hand patting him on the cheek. He forced open his eyes finding his arms still held by the Falcons. He adjusted his position from sagging to stand straighter. 
He frowned as Barry spoke with eyes aimed at him "Talk Mindbender on what's said by you and the Listeners. Nameless reports to a servant transported into his quarters as ordered by the High Council to check on that assassin at timed intervals that you spoke the Listeners' language. You seemed fluent in it from the sounds of you conversing with them." 
Tom exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak "The language is called Hammarabbi. That fluency ability is from the Humanians' leader dubbed Jon using some mind walking ability to manipulating my mind to get me to get it Hammarabbi talk for communication purposes. This includes along with acting as translator to various species aboard some space station after I was found aboard the Humanians' warship in space. I can't tell you how I got aboard. I don't remember it period other than what Jon bragged in my face that he and his companions picked me up floating in some space vehicle called a life pod. Jon has refused to show me this life pod that they found me in despite me asking. I suspect from Jon's bragging that its talk for hiding the truth from me. This bragging was used with getting me to drop the subject each time I bring it up while I was contained in lockup in some room they refer as the brig." 
He clamped his mouth shut as Ramses was heard "Excuse me High Council allow me to do this bit for Mindbender to remember what he doesn't remember as he says." 
Tom stiffened as a headache arrived within his mind along with mind scanned to recall fully of traveling through a travel gate with an image of blackness from within his mind. He stiffened to recall while wearing his oxygen mask to feel himself cold all over floating in something with nothing but blackness seen. Tom grimaced recalling himself not able to move due to stiffness felt. He recalled mentally screaming for help over and over till some light blared over him. He felt from memory of hands felt grabbing him into the light's source which he quit the mental talk. He continued to remember himself laid on something smooth that felt like metal along with warmth felt. Then the oxygen mask yanked off along with a hand clawed placed over his forehead making him get a headache. Then the gibberish talk he heard all around him suddenly becoming clear indicating it as Hammarabbi. He then remembered meeting the Humanians and what else happened next after that. Tom grimaced as the headache stopped along with the mind scanning sense stopped abruptly. 
He focused onto Barry who spoke "Talk Mindbender on what you remembered now." 
He opened his mouth to hear "Says don't bother Barry. We know what he remembers period and can explain. It is that someone with mind walking powers gave him that blackness image in his mind. He traveled through a travel gate that got him to be transported to a travel gate floating in space. His calls for help was heard by the Humanians who picked him up. Their leader in question used mental mind walking powers. It's twin to the Meritanians' mind walking powers involving languages to get him fluent in Hammarabbi for communication purposes." 
He stiffened from the speaker's talk as the speaker continued "Says it appears that a Freeloader perhaps their Queen was the one responsible for giving him that image in his mind for getting him transported to space. That's due to that the person must have an image of a place whenever traveling through travel gates. The travel gate will shut down if it senses no such image in the mind of the person and refuse the person to travel through it." 
Tom felt himself getting angry hearing the speaker's words fisted his hands while baring his teeth. 
He glared at the High Council as the speaker kept talking sounding like ignoring his angry behavior "Says Ramses transport Mindbender to Fingers now." 
He felt the Falcons' holds remained on his arms while hearing growling noises sounding from them. 
He felt rage take control within him and heard Anubis's loud whisper after the Falcons became silent "High Council I recommended you have Mindbender transported to where he can demonstrate his abilities to take down fighters with or without his Berserker side in control. Just to see if he can still do it despite the loss of the oxygen mask." 
He narrowed his eyes as he felt his mind scanned abruptly to feel his bad mood stop being in control of him but was simmering within him. He felt the Falcons' holds become ironclad. 
He glared at the High Council seeing the group appear to be in discussion till the speaker is heard "Says Ramses, who among the prisoners in the brig is scheduled for execution for Mindbender to take out on a permanent basis?"
He heard from Ramses "Sorry High Council, ask Barry that for he commanded me to have you ask him if such a subject of this situation comes up involving Mindbender." 
Tom shifted to glare at Barry who he heard spoke "My reasons for that order involves making sure that Mindbender when he fights fighters, prisoners or servants is that he won't receive medical injury from them fighting him back. It's due to him in a certain mood that would make it easier for fighters to cause him problems putting them down. He's currently in the certain mood I don't want him to be in when fighting fighters. Besides I recommended that you have him sleep the certain mood off. For that sleeping status always works on people killing off their certain mood after they sleep for a certain time period I prefer to have Mindbender down asleep before I say when it is." 
He felt sleepiness shook his head till the sleepiness persisted shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to come to feeling a hand Human like patting him on the cheek. He forced open his eyes finding his bad mood gone from him as the hand removed itself. 
He saw belonged to a masked High Council servant a Highlander that stood up and spoke "Get up now." 
Tom obeyed finding himself in some all metal room with a window facing him that had bars. 
He eyed the servant who spoke "The High Council have earned currency. It is a form of paying for something. The currency is from people both First One and Highlander all well off in money statuses living on the State Territory mainland. It's involved paying their servants unaware that they work for the group to view caged fights. This is between males using whatever form of physical combat to kill each other. The viewers give up money another form of currency if the fighter they want loses the fight. While other viewers earn money if the fighter they want wins the fight. This money exchanging is mostly done between viewers with the High Council taking a small part of that money from them. It's regardless of fighters winning or losing the fight for the money is always given to them period." 
Tom frowned hearing that as the servant spoke "The fighter that wins the fight is always used repeatedly for fighting various males till he's killed off with the fighter he loses the fight to taking his place. He's used to fight till another male successfully defeats him is when this will happen over and over. I warn you that there's a price tag if a fighter is caught being a mind walker or using special mental abilities is when he's shot by projectile weapon that kills him. This is considered by this word term 'Cheating' something that fighters shouldn't be using period." 
Tom folded his arms First One styled as the servant kept talking "Besides your challenging the champion who has managed to win for too much time. People who have lost money from betting wrongly have been claiming that he has some sort of mental abilities involving mind walking. That its reportedly said still disputed on that that he's paid to fight fighters with some huge money sum despite this not allowed for fighters to have period. This fighter in question has appeared by spies to prove this money sum payment done. By reportedly acquiring items such as a dwelling and items related to living there that indicate this. The High Council has made it clear through a representative running this fighting ring as its called as the president the title its used to people. They don’t want fighters to be paid which the talk has gone ignored with the fighter still being paid. They order you to take down this fighter on a permanent basis using physical combative abilities. The Meritanians have indicated that the fighter in question doesn't have anything involving mind walking or mental abilities. They have said that he used previous experience with fighting people in legal fights for too many cycles. They claim he has figure out how to take down opponents as if anticipating their moves in this fighting ring."
Tom didn’t comment a response as the servant added "Take off your shirt now. Shirtless is a must when it comes to being in fights as this one." 
He obeyed to toss the servant his shirt who caught it to see the Highlander doing a double take look while appearing to eye him from the waist up. 
He resumed folding his arms giving the male a glare who spoke "I warn you that fighters challenging the champion are always brought into the fight arena carried by First Ones able to do that job. The carrying used along with tossing the fighter into the caged ring to meet the champion who's already in there waiting for the fight. Just don't resists to the carrying status." 
He didn't comment a response as the servant went to the window. Tom saw the area slide open like a door walking out and saw it shut behind the male. He sat down on the floor crossed legged and kept his eyes onto the door. 
The familiar male came back carrying a silver cup minus his top and spoke "Here drink this milk drink. Just sip it. It'll give you some energy to survive taking down the fighter." 
Tom took the drink seeing it was white which he sipped it entirely recognizing the taste as the milk drink the Listener bartender handed him. He sipped it entirely to toss the cup to the Highlander who walked out of the room which he resumed folding his arms. He glared at the door seemingly lengthy till the door opened showing six big burly Human males that darted towards him grabbing him from the floor. Him not resisting and got him horizontal while hearing grunting noises from them. They carried him out of the room he seeing the doorway entrance in view. He exhaled a breath as they continued to grunt carrying him out of a lighted hallway into darkness. Him seeing with night vision a ceiling with round objects jutting from it then light came into view while hearing a crowd cheer sounds. He was tossed away from the men to land onto dirt ground. Tom forced himself to get up awkwardly seeing himself surrounded by a large rectangle cage with various people. Tom eyed the people showing them First Ones and Highlanders wearing clothes on their forms that seemed fancy. He noticed movement off his left to spy a male with dark skin looks wearing no top but pants that seemed blue and tight along with white shoes. The male was seen with skin looks reminding him of a Shadonian and Human brown eyes. He grimaced inwardly seeing the male was having hair strands of a Freeloader pulled back that gave him some finger gesture aimed at him. He figured involved coming up to him while having his other hand fisted and some look on the male's eyes that suggested a smirk to him. Tom eyed the male as he heard the crowd give off taunts in Freeloader language ordering them both to fight. Tom heard them insulting the both of them as he heard the gate give off humming sounds that reminded him of something but wasn't sure. He shrugged and recalled his combative art training raised his hands fisting them twin to the male fighter. Tom charged towards him finding the male meeting his charge by throwing fists aimed at him. Tom found the male was avoiding doing kicks after repeated fisting was done. He proceeded to do kicking onto the male's front hitting him onto the chest repeatedly. Tom wound up keeping him at leg's distance each time the fighter charged at him with hands fisted. Tom kept this up repeatedly till he found an opening and kicked the male's chin knocking him backwards who hit the ground on his back with him charging at him. Tom felt annoyance take hold as the male rolled out of his fist's charge after kneeling near him to get up with a fast speed move throwing a fist connecting with his cheek. The fisting onto his chin repeatedly made him thrust a bit back a bit. He shook the blows off and blocked the other fist near his face by grabbing it in a tight ironclad hold. He got up grabbing the male's other fist to grimace as the male head butted him on the front repeatedly. Tom adjusted his holds onto the male till one hand was wrapped around the male's wrists who struggled into his hold with some wide eyed look of fear in his eyes. He grabbed the male by the neck with a free hand and smirked raising him up dangling his feet choking him. Tom wound up sensing the fighter wasn't easily choked who proceeded to kick at him with his dangling feet. He continued to hold the male choking him till he eyed the gated walls to bring the fighter's back into it. He saw the fighter's form shake with eyes wide while seeing sparks of eaters coming from the area along with shaking repeatedly. He let go of male sensing the fighter gave up his life to death from the movements stopped along with seeing the male's eyes closed from it. Tom dropped his holds onto the male who slid down onto the ground showing his back having lines identical to the gate. The lines made him think the area was familiar but couldn’t place it. The humming sound was stopped along with people stopping their taunting to chatter to themselves all over the place. Tom frowned to look at the people as if drawn to see with shock Barry behind the gate watching him. Barry he eyed gave him a golden eyed glare but stopped the golden eyed look but kept the glare on his face aimed at him. Tom frowned as he saw Barry look behind him by the head gesture obeyed to find an opening in the gate. He saw one First One male wearing some outfit gesturing him to get out from standing in the doorway. He obeyed walking out and got gestured by the male to follow him. He again obeyed paying attention to where he was going till they reached the familiar room and he was gestured with a finger to go inside. 
Tom sighed and went inside to kneeled eyes onto the door seemingly lengthy as the familiar Highlander arrived and spoke "Your knowledge of electricity as the First Ones call it please." 
He frowned and spoke "Don't know what's the term for the word electricity anyway." 
He eyed the servant who spoke "Electricity is what's going through the cage bars that gave up this sound First Ones refer by the word humming. You got the fighter to die from after thrusting his form onto it to have his back touch it which also scarred this fighter's back once he was dead."
He stiffened recalling what the servant was talking about from being whipped on the back from a whip giving off various levels of pain. Tom stiffened recalling seeing that whipping done to other Freeloaders and First Ones as a youngster over the time of being raised by the Freeloaders' leader the Queen. 
He spoke after the memory stopped its course through his mind "I get it your term of electricity. I didn't know that such a thing of electricity could be transmitted through various objects or used to kill a manoid. The electricity term I had encountered was only used for whips hitting people's backs to cause them pain that rises after each hit. The whipping always stops once the manoid gives off a serious sound of pain despite already screaming from it. This sometimes causes their back to form markings called scars that are sometimes permanent after their healed from bleeding blood from it." 
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing the servant who spoke "Actually electricity can be transmitted through various objects that are prepared for it with various doses of electricity. One object called metal that you're sitting on along with what the gate is made out of is a very good transmitter for electricity. It is what killed the fighter. The electricity dose was too high for a manoid regardless of species could survive if they touch it with their skin or bare handed. The high electricity dose was responsible for causing the fighter to have marks on his back that are caused by the First One term burned." 
He shrugged in response finding himself not caring about what the servant said as the Highlander added "I don’t think this is the last time your to fight fighters here. I suspect that the High Council would have you keep on fighting males who the group wants assassinated just to get out of taking responsibility for their deaths in question." 
Tom again shrugged finding himself not caring about the servant's words who added "Ramses transport Mindbender back to the High Council the job is done as ordered." 
He found himself in the High Council's throne room after blinking his eyes to find Barry there that tossed him his shirt which he caught then stood up and put it on. He stood eyeing the High Council to find the familiar speaker having his head down. Tom sensed his mind scanned seemingly lengthy. He recalled being taught combative art moves by the Queen's guards after he reached his full grown height. He grimaced recalling the reason for the teaching was that he was trashing his sleeping room with lots of damage repeatedly over and over. He recalled ignoring the Queen telling him off on not to do the trashing. Tom recalled was the trashing was from after arriving there from being among the city's people. He grimaced remembering the people gave him out casting behavior that made him angry enough to do the trashing over and over. He recalled fully that the Queen got him into the courtyard leading to the maze. She ordered him to learn combative art from a guard who taught him various moves involving fisting with a hand, using elbows to hit and kicking with a foot over and over. Nightfall is when the teaching would be done. Tom continued to recall this kept on for days till the Queen ordered him to demonstrate using a fake air invisible opponent for the movements. He was to show that he got them from the guard teaching him. He proceeded to do finding her keep ordering him to do them over and over. She ordering him to keep up the practice she calls it over and over for days for he would easily remember how to do it when fighting with people. Tom kept recalling that he kept up the combative art moves over and over from time to time when it was appropriate for him to do them even while in the courtyard sometimes watched by the Queen and sometimes her guards. He stiffened as he recalled doing those moves onto a guard unarmed with no weapon as ordered by the Queen. He fought to find himself always losing. By getting himself into some choke hold by the Freeloader using strong strength to get him twisted around with back facing the male and then arm wrapped around his neck in a choke hold along with a hand grabbing his hair. He finding himself not able to free himself from, a trick that happened to him by various Freeloader males he fought with not just the guards. Tom felt himself annoyed recalling that to form a glare on his face as the memory stopped along with the mind scanning stopped. 
He glared at the floor to hear from the speaker "Says Mindbender, demonstrate your combative art moves you were taught now."
He looked up to hear from Ramses "Oh no you don't High Council, your not getting Mindbender to teach you combative art period for I insist only a First One can do this. Mindbender isn't entirely First One so think of someone else instead or I'll kick Mindbender out of serving you to serve someone else." 
He stiffened from Ramses' words to feel fear hitting him unexpectedly to stare at Barry as if drawn giving him a golden eyed glare. 
He spoke realizing what the Builder was hinting at "I serve you willingly High Council." 
Tom clamped his mouth shut feeling his fear stop hitting him. His Freeloader sense went off unexpectedly to feel an arm wrap around his neck in some tight hold with hand felt grabbing his hair. 
He willed forwards the Banshee to feel the arm shift into Banshee from the feel giving him zapping pains as he mentally spoke "Hidden Banshee revealed now." 
Tom heard the familiar whining squeal to struggle against the Banshee's hold who gave up a shrieking sound. The Banshee felt yanked him out of the room while still screaming away. Tom punched the arm holding his neck with fists feeling the Banshee's grip refused to give as he felt more zapping of pain hitting him. He struggled against the grip as he was pulled into the hallway then pulled through a large doorway. 
He heard Anubis's loud whisper "Your not going anywhere with Mindbender. You'll have to go through us to get through this gate now." 
Tom stiffened as there was a loud shrieking sound in response from the Banshee as a loud roaring sound loudly was heard by him making him grimace from the loud sound. He grimaced as the loud sounds of Banshee and roaring continued back and forth. He felt himself free unexpectedly bent down coughing as a clawed hand was felt on his back patting the area. He straightened up his form as the clawed hand belonging to Anubis left him to look behind him seeing a familiar travel gate and grimaced from it. Tom walked away recalling the route to the throne room while wiling aside the Banshee to find his recall correct. Tom wound up to find himself in the High Council's throne room to stand facing the group. Tom noticing Barry standing nearby that had a look of concentration on his face with eyes shut. 
Tom frowned seeing that as the speaker was heard "Says Ramses transport Mindbender to Fingers now."
He found himself in an observation room to spot Thura lying on the bed asleep still carrying offspring. He saw Thura was accompanied with a masked Highlander nearby waving an arm length device over her from head to foot and back twice along with waving it over the area where the child was inside her. He frowned eyeing the Highlander who shifted to look up towards the ceiling while cocking his head repeatedly back and forth before looking at him.
The Highlander speaking verbalizing words "Everything seems to be in order for Fingers. Offspring is detected to be healthy and with normal functions. It won't be long till the offspring is born. I can't tell you when that'll happen for time varies on this. Just warn you don't touch her or scan her or the offspring by mental orders period or lives will be lost."
Tom spoke as the servant eyed him with eyes seen narrowed "Fine I get it your talk." 
He clamped his mouth shut eyeing the servant who without a word walked out of the room. He sighed and went to Thura to kneel next to the bed eyeing her lengthy feeling ranges of emotions running through him but mostly on the happy side. He stiffened as memories of his daughter's birth. She dubbed Tura by the High Council flashed in his mind. He stiffened recalling himself in the High Council's throne room soon after Thura was carrying his son was discovered. 
He recalling to be told by Barry "Tura was sent to a place of medical injuries focused onto offspring called a hospital. It's where the First Ones the medics tried their best to help her life but she passed away as a result." 
He recalled felt upset by the death to give off wailing sounds of upset while rocking his form in kneeling pose while in some observation room he saw. Once he calmed down from his crying bout. Tom recalling found himself in the High Council's throne room. He recalled Thura while in there asked the group about her being told about Tura's death. 
He was told by Barry appearing in some light show appearing to anticipate the talk "I took the liberty of telling her this whose response was to feel upset. I had to calm her down. Her state of carrying would cause her to prematurely lose the offspring if her mood got her very upset or very hysterical laughing."
Tom continued to remember that he was permitted to view Tura's body by a masked High Council servant appearing in the room holding a wrapped bundle. He went up to and unwrapped part of the blanket to view Tura's face that was black and blue from the looks of it along with arms like it. He eyed her seemingly lengthy till Barry's familiar chatter was heard making him look away towards the Builder to sense the servant had disappeared by a light show. He frowned as the High Council got him to watch Tura's body deposal seen through a recorder of servants wearing High Council robes putting Tura still wrapped in a blanket bundle on a small pile of wood from the looks of it. He saw one holding up as stick gave up a big eater light to put on the pile which erupted into eater covering it up entirely along with covering up Tura's body. The eater consuming everything till there was nothing left but ashes from both Tura and wood pile that fell into between a pile of stones wrapped around it in a circle. The eater went out as rain was seen falling from above putting it out. Tom frowned recalling that he was permitted to go to Thura to sit with her. Tom felt for where their child was inside her she not protesting to him rubbing hands over her while she laid on the bed him kneeling next to it. He recalled that the baby was felt by his hands' on the area inside Thura. Thura he recalled didn't indicate that she could feel the baby moving in response to his hands' touching it. Tom frowned while eyeing Thura from the memories running through his mind. Tom came to feel himself annoyed with not able to touch her at all despite itching to do it and realizing that he couldn't due to her sleeping status. He eyed Thura seemingly lengthy till he felt himself tired laid his form down shutting his eyes passing out unconscious.

Tom came to come to hearing a Highlander voice sounding "Wake up Mindbender the birth is imminent." 
Tom woke up willing aside the Banshee to find Thura awake looking like she had pain in her eyes. She he saw glanced at him while gripping her legs and grimace seen. A Highlander wearing masked servant wear was standing near her with hands between her legs. Tom went to her putting a hand on Thura's shoulder she ignoring him. Thura sensed still pushing for the baby to come out which he kept the hand on her shoulder seemingly lengthy. There was a squealing cry of a baby to feel her relax in his hand. He eyed Thura who laid her form down putting down her dress. He eyed the servant he assumed was the medic who held up a baby he saw was a male that gave up a loud crying sound. Tom sighed as the medic disappeared in light show. He kneeled next to Thura gently gripping her hand she rolling over to face him forming a grimace on her face but kept staring at him gripping his hand in a tight grip. Tom frowned as Thura kept her staring at him lengthy.
He heard from Ramses unexpectedly "Yes that's Osiris's offspring in question fathered through that Highlander female you dub by the name of Aja. She's not kidding about her expectant status despite showing it at the moment and her claim that its Osiris who fathered her offspring. It appears that the Zesky Hospital's leader Alexei Zesky via mind scans of this Osiris known as Jinks Montreal among the First Ones wasn't kidding on test results. Saying that Osiris is a hybrid of various species and that Highlander is one of them including this deathless species that that you refer them as Mesan's Curse. Alexei Zesky at the moment is one of those Mesan's Curse species due to outliving normal First One life spans. He from mind scans was the Mesan's Curse who was seen as Sun Lord that you helped heal and then instead of handing back dumped him onto the First Ones' original home world where he was found by a First One and taught various First One customs. He currently from mind scans has an unusual Humanoid male offspring with some gonoid side included dubbed by this name of Eric that disappeared with several others and a twin to the Zesky Hospital water ship during the transfer. Both hasn't been found on Shadan despite explorations done by the First Ones over the ocean who have been put off from doing under ocean surface explorations as you ordered." 
Tom frowned hearing that to eye Thura who formed a grimace on her face making his senses blare warning. He tapped her on the shoulder letting go of her hand after she shut her eyes. He narrowed his eyes as she opened her eyes. 
He mouth "Admit it that you can hear Ramses broadcasting all over the place like I can even if he's not doing it to you." 
Tom got a look of disgust from Thura who focused onto him and finger spelled "Fine I admit it that I can hear Ramses' talk including the same with his sisters but not with Tank whenever he's broadcasting to someone unless he's talking to me. Tank according to him talking to me while I was in my sleep status is in the area outside of the High Council's home base that is surrounding the three, Ramses, Erra and Terra. He's currently in an island area vicinity that protects him from the wind and water if it's in a direction surrounding him in a semi circle. He is nearby the High Council's islands that surround the underwater home base and his brother and sisters as well. Tank admits to having a sister named Merra who was accompanying him there till his brother Ramses transported her off. Ramses claimed to being fed up with her bragging about having offspring fathered through various manoids. It's something Tank himself admits to being responsible for the attitude due to getting her to carry in the first place. She wound up targeting male manoids for furthering the carrying status over and over. Tank also admits that his sisters Erra and Terra got mad at Ramses. His sisters did whatever they could to spite their brother with Ramses doing the same thing despite them getting along to talk from time to time. This spiteful attitude according to Tank stopped. He suspects that the Meritanians must have seen something among a First One to realize that they had to get along and stop being angry with each other in the first place. He hasn't had any success on getting Ramses or his sisters to talk on what got them to stop being angry with each other. They have been ignoring him whenever he brings up the subject in question." 
Tom frowned seeing that from Thura who kept finger spelling "Besides I admit it my sleep status isn't my only time Tank has been communicating with me. He started talking to me from time to time after you sort of got me carrying in the first place. He kept up the communiqué with me responding to him to him talking to me unexpectedly. Tank hardly gives me any warning whenever he talks to me unexpectedly. He always says his name of Tank whenever he blares in my mind. He didn't say anything about not saying anything towards others on our communiqué or whether I shouldn't say anything towards the High Council in question either. Tank did warn me that the High Council will scan manoids heavily, here on the base if they hear of them having a communiqué with Tank himself. It's for their records due to that they keep records of the Meritanians' talk no matter how silly it is. The record keeping habit has been used since a High Council group ordered that. It's reportedly said that the Meritanians habitually like to tell the group various things in hints. It's for them to figure out what they wanted people to know of instead of outright saying it to them and getting them upset with the information in question."
Tom frowned forming it on his lips as Thura stopped finger spelling to shut her eyes appearing to fall asleep. He reached a hand to see her disappear in a light show making him feel upset seeing that. He got up and began to pace back and forth while folding his arms First One styled and unfolding them back and forth. He kept up the pacing as the upset feeling took hold. His senses blared making him compelled to look up. He obeyed to stare at the black ceiling eyeing a part of it as if drawn and continued to eye the area lengthy. He kept staring as a light show was seen off his right. He heard an ahem noise felt the compulsion to stop staring hit abruptly. 
Tom looked off his right to spot Barry who spoke "Your indicating a Freeloader is staring at you. It's due to sensors up there indicating someone hidden went off. Anubis and guards aren't having much luck on getting this person captured while in hidden state despite success with Highlanders and First Ones in that status." 
He frowned hearing that to eye Barry who spoke "Alright Mindbender. I came to tell you that your Thura has been teaching Highlanders her finger pointing fingers language talk. It happened the moment she wound up recovered from her sicknesses while in the hands of the High Council with orders to not to say anything towards you about it."
Tom frowned hearing Barry's talk spoke as the Builder gave him a familiar glare "Finger pointing fingers language talk? Well it was referred as finger spelling actually by First Ones and Freeloaders talking about her. I still refer it as that. She can read lips which I'm not sure if you know of that actually." 
He formed a frown on his lips eyeing Barry who spoke "Yes I'm aware that she can read lips. I used onto her whenever I see her from time to time. Finger spelling is interesting wording used for her finger language anyway. I do manage to use a Highlander servant nearby us to communicate her words to me due to not being fluent in her finger spelling language as you call it. I am currently as one of her students at the moment." 
Tom didn't comment a response as Barry held up his cane in his eyesight and added "I admit it, Mindbender. My hand holding this cane is locked around the handle on a permanent basis with no freeing. Unless the cane is broken in half is when my hand is free from it. This hand locking doesn't matter on what cane it is or whatever material it's made out of for it'll always lock around it period. I expect you to keep this fact to yourself and not talk to anyone else period for I'll know of it. I managed to keep the watchers from hearing this talk so don't talk about this or I'll make your life a hell if you do."
Tom bobbed his head in a First One gesture of yes seeing Barry give him a golden eyed glare. He kept his mouth shut as the Builder lowered his cane. 
He heard a sound that made him think it was an alarm spoke "Ugh High Council anything I should know on them?"
He frowned as Barry spoke in response as the alarm sound stopped "The watchers have the sound back on hence the noises. Anyway the High Council already knows what I said to you. It's due to them telling me about it so don't bring the subject up to them unless they say it to you period. Excuse me I have business to be elsewhere." 
He frowned as Barry spoke foreign language in a compelling voice tone and disappeared in a flash of light. He found the scene changed to find himself in the High Council's throne room with Thura there having arms held by the Falcons to his annoyance while noticing the speaker having head bowed. 
He went to Thura seeing relief form on her face seeing him, speaking to the Falcons "Get your paws off her. Let me hold her now."
Tom took Thura from the Falcons keeping her in view of the High Council to feel her sag in his hug hold. Tom adjusted his arms' grip around her till he had an arm around the back of her legs and an arm on her back while twisting their forms to face the group. He felt Thura lean her head against the side of his shoulder while having a hand on his cheek. Her touch wound up making him stiffen to realize it was his scarred cheek but sensed she didn't seem to sense him uncomfortable from that. He eyed the High Council seemingly lengthy to realize that the group had given him what he wanted in the first place. He stiffened from shock to recognize that it was acceptance making him form a small smile while eyeing the group. 
He thought to himself "I'm finally getting what I want which was acceptance from the High Council. The High Council has my loyalty for I will do what they say without questioning their orders for giving me what I wanted the most period. I don't care for I will do what it takes to keep that acceptance period even if I have to do their orders whether I agree with them or not."
He kept the small smile figuring out that things would turn better for him with Thura at his side. He serving the High Council with perfect loyalty as their servant. 

Tom heard from the speaker abruptly as he cut off his thoughts about acceptance as Thura was felt fallen asleep while held in his arms "Says Mindbender, excuse us for scanning Fingers. It was reported that she was communicating with Tank and the Meritanian communicating with her back repeatedly. Tank in question has refused communiqué attempts by us or any servant of us. Our attempts to using his brother and sisters for communications have been ignored by Ramses and his sisters who have dumped the requester into the ocean in response every time there is such a request aimed at them. We do admit wanting to know what Tank's thoughts towards manoids are at the moment. That's due to being pretty sure of knowing what Ramses and his sisters' thinking is from their talks overheard repeatedly over and over hence our curiosity at the moment." 
Tom spoke as the speaker stopped talking by thin line of the mouth seen "Yes I'm aware of what Fingers told me related to communications with Tank. She admitted that to me just prior to being transported to your presence."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing the High Council as the speaker spoke "Says give Fingers to Anubis for Ramses to transport them to an observation room so she can continue sleeping. We have something for you to do which doesn't require you to have Fingers' presence."
Tom sighed and without a comment handed Anubis, Thura who gripped her gently and disappeared in a flash of light along with sensing the Falcons were gone as well from similar light shows glimpsed. 
He shifted to eye the High Council as the speaker spoke "Says talk Mindbender on able to figure out that Fingers was carrying a male from seen scanning her. That's due to that there's medical scanning tests that say to expectant females on whether she's carrying a male or a female but the test isn't always accurate like you accurately figured out your offspring." 
He sighed and spoke from memory of the mind scan and various memories within him "I was able to scan the mind of the offspring Fingers was carrying to determine that it was a male from hearing a male voice sounding from the offspring and that the male in question was communicating with Fingers herself through mind talk indicating that he wanted my presence hence she in a bad mood. I figured that Fingers' bad mood must be from the offspring communicating within her with various wants which she displayed this bad mood behavior towards me when she carried another male dubbed Thurin while living on Uzan. I haven't heard anything related to Thurin since I was exiled off Uzan. I don't aim to find out due to that I suspect that the Freeloaders will trash him to me enough to want to not have anything to do with me anyway." 
He clamped his mouth shut to sense Anubis and the Falcons near him by the gonoid head warrior walking into view in his eyesight as he eyed the High Council to see them go into discussion lengthy followed by the speaker heard speaking "Says Ramses transport this Highlander female Aja to an observation room now." 
He heard from Ramses "Done as you ordered, High Council for figuring out what you wanted done from the conversation overheard." 
Tom frowned stiffening as the speaker spoke "Says Mindbender your to scan the offspring Aja is carrying and make sure you determine if it’s a male or a female along with anything involving Osiris's mental abilities inherited. So transport him out now Ramses." 
He found himself in an observation room to see a female Highlander wearing a blue dress seated on the bed rubbing the area where the offspring was and saw that she looked nervous seeing him. 
He went to her Aja he assumed was her name and spoke "Lie down now."
Tom found Aja obeyed to his order which he willed forwards the Banshee to hear a faint gasp from the female Highlander who he ignored to place a clawed hand on where the offspring was inside her. He mentally scanned the offspring's mind sensing it was a male from the male voice chattering about wanting his mother to keep on rubbing his head along with seeing clearly in the male's mind that he had inherited that sinister presence he saw in Jinks' mind. Tom felt for the male offspring's head and gently got the offspring to move into birth position seeing that Aja's showing status from the feel of her and that it was nearing the time for her to be in the carrying sleep. He removed his hand and willed aside the Banshee once done to eye Aja who looked at him then gave up a loud groaning sound forming a grimace on her face then shut her eyes. 
He heard in response triggering the Banshee "Aja has gone into carrying status sleep from her behavior as the High Council has been expecting her to do with no success of putting her down till now. It'll be awhile before the medic determines that the offspring is ready to be taken out by either operation or by medicines to force her to awake to push it out." 
He willed aside the Banshee as the scene changed to find himself in the High Council's throne room to eye the group to hear from their speaker "Says well what did you find out regarding the offspring Aja is carrying? Is there anything to explain why she's not in this carrying status sleep as expected after too much time went by?"
He heard from Ramses unexpectedly "Actually High Council, the servants report that Aja is now in the carrying sleep status at the moment. The medic already scanned Aja and say that Mindbender must have done something to the offspring to put her into this carrying status due to medical scans don't indicate anything other than that the mother and child are functioning normally for this." 
He eyed the High Council to hear from the speaker "Says talk Mindbender on what you did towards the mother and offspring that resulted in her in the carrying sleep status which you did that to Fingers and then to Aja." 
He sighed and spoke "I used the Berserker ability to determine if the baby was a male or a female. Aja is carrying a male who has inherited Osiris's mental abilities due to sensing something within the offspring's mind that is similar to what I saw in Osiris's mind. Anyway all I did just prior to Fingers and Aja going into their sleep statuses was manipulate their off springs into birth position by having a hand pressing onto the offspring's head and making the offspring to move into position by my hand's manipulating." 
He clamped his mouth shut once done talking to frown while eyeing the High Council to see them going into discussion with speaker he noticed having head bowed seemingly lengthy followed by the servant raising his head and speaking "Says this is not the last time you'll be used towards females carrying off springs for determining if they have a male or putting them into sleep status while their carrying."
Tom kept his mouth shut in response as the speaker added "Says Ramses transport Mindbender to Fingers now." 
He frowned finding himself still in the High Council's throne room to hear the speaker again speaking loudly "Ramses!"
He heard from the Meritanian "Ah sorry High Council, but I was checking onto something I overheard on the State Territory mainland which turns out to be something pretty bad at the moment." 
He frowned as Ramses was heard after a pause "That bad thing in question is a humanoid Drainer species. I managed to find one in hiding on the State Territory mainland through the mind of a Highlander calling for me after confronting this humanoid Drainer which the Highlander suffered injuries from the confrontation but was able to call for me to tell me of this before passing out. My sisters managed to get people manipulated to the Highlander's location some garbage deposal bin and got him to the hospital is where he is at the moment still passed out which the medics overheard are saying that he might not make it to the next sun due to bleeding in his mind organ sensed from tests." 
He formed a frown on his face as the speaker was heard "Says Mindbender how are you with scanning manoids by touching them regardless of them asleep or not?"
He spoke recalling himself wearing the oxygen mask "I managed to gain information via people in various sleep statuses whenever I touched them bare skinned except this involved when I wore the oxygen mask. I can't say that I would have success with the Berserker form." 
Tom frowned as the speaker spoke "Says Ramses transport Mindbender to this Highlander and keep people away while you Mindbender scan this Highlander's mind for the information of this Drainer humanoid then report back to us once done." 
He found the scene changed to show a Highlander male lying on a bed wearing a white dress on his form along with an oxygen mask and a bandage wrapped around the male's forehead. 
Tom willed the Banshee through and placed a clawed hand onto the Highlander's bare hand mentally speaking "Mind reveal." 
He got as usual before when scanning sleeping manoids jumbled images of various things involving the Highlander which he added "Clear up now." 
Tom saw the images cleared up showing through the Highlander's eyesight of a male manoid wearing clothes on his form indicating cold statuses that completely covered him from head to foot while hearing from the Highlander's thoughts broadcasting that it wasn’t that cold for a manoid to do this. He continued to watch as the Highlander followed the manoid from behind to mentally scan seeing it was a male that had an ability to drink blood despite having a humanoid appearance of green scaly skin as the male stopped walking abruptly to turn around looking in his direction as if sensing him. 
Tom watched as the Highlander walked up to the manoid the Drainer humanoid speaking in a low toned voice once reaching the male "The High Council will take care of you to better your life instead of living like this."
He frowned as the Highlander gave up a grunt of pain as if indicating a bad headache that was felt along with sleepiness hitting him as the Drainer humanoid was sensed slinging the male over his shoulder and carrying him seemingly lengthy while hearing the Highlander's thoughts yelling for Ramses over and over and yelling that he found a Drainer humanoid and needed to have them transported out now. He found through the Highlander the Drainer humanoid dumping him into a bin smelling bad with various items in it and shutting the cover as Ramses' voice was heard broadcasting within the male's mind talking about hearing him and then the Highlander's thoughts mentioning about finding a Drainer humanoid he confronted who response was to dump him into some garbage bin before passing out unconscious. 

Tom felt he saw enough mentally spoke "Mind reveal stop." 
He removed his hand along with willing aside the Banshee to hear an alarm sound coming near him jerked towards the wall sensing that the sound would bring in the medic to check onto the Highlander. 
He flatten himself against the wall near the corner of the room away from the Highlander while mentally yelling "Ramses, I'm done transport me out!"
Tom eyed the Highlander as there was a female Human wearing blue clothing on her form darting into the room from a doorway off his left that went to the Highlander going to the machines and pressing a button killing off the alarm sound. He eyed her, the medic he assumed was her as she pulled out a syringe from her sleeve appearing to not notice him watching her and with a smirk injected it into the Highlander's arm at the elbow area letting the syringe's entire contents empty out before removing the needle then walking away shutting the door in a gentle slam. Tom frowned as the wall stopped hitting his back to feel air which he adjusted his footing to not fall backwards as he saw himself in the High Council's throne room seeing the speaker had his head bowed and sensed his mind scanned as he recalled everything what he scanned from the Highlander and what happened after he was done doing it. 
Tom frowned as the speaker was heard after feeling his mind stopped scanned "Says Ramses talk on who this female First One is that injected a servant with something as seen in Mindbender's mind."
He listened as Ramses spoke "Excuse me a minute High Council while I check this out." 
Tom frowned further with his lips as Ramses spoke again after a pause "You have a problem High Council. That First One titled nurse in question who did sense me scanning her but doesn't seem to know that I'm doing it, has been targeting Highlanders too sick to be aware of anything around them by injecting them with a syringe holding some kind of gonoid poison from a pet gonoid that First Ones dub by the name of rattlesnake she has been using to gain the poison from. The hospitals where the poisoning is done is all over Yorkville are aware of that and has already alerted the authorities who haven't have any luck on finding out who's doing the killing at the moment. They dub the killing in the media among First Ones as a serial killer and Rattle's revenge is the title they use when referring to this due to figuring out that the poison is from a rattlesnake. This female in question from minds of manoids around her not sensing me scanning are fooled into thinking that she's a fellow medic a nurse judging by the way she wears her clothes, shoes and hair when going around them. This killing at the moment has gotten my eye but the reason why I haven't mentioned it due to that Scotland your group on the mainland being aware of this hasn't said anything towards me to alert you of this actually." 
Tom heard nothing more from Ramses as the speaker spoke "Says contact Scotland now that there's a description of this killer and inform them of the description seen in Mindbender's mind." 
He heard Ramses obey speaking "Hey McNeil! Hello its Ramses talking for the High Council. I got some information you should hear of it." 
He heard the Meritanian add talking about what a servant hidden seeing a First One female posing as a nurse injecting an unconscious Highlander victim with poison and heard her description included which he figured was from Ramses scanning his mind. He continued to hear Ramses' side of the conversation talking to McNeil he assumed was the Highlander's name over and over till there was a pause then a compulsion to will forwards the Banshee which he found himself facing a door with writing on it that made him confused to see it. 
Tom heard from Ramses "Mindbender just kick down the door due to that Scotland said it's registered to a nurse at the hospital despite trying to run the identity through the Eli. I'm not sensing anything mind wise related to humanoids inside other than minds of multiple gonoids that seemed to make me think their rattlesnakes from the noises heard." 
Tom obeyed to kick the door open which swung open to peer into the apartment due to a compulsion to keep himself in the hallway which he saw a room holding multiple glass boxes on multiple shelves on the walls leaving nothing to indicate a window in the room or a doorway. He eyed the room hearing multiple sounds that made him think it was involved the rattlesnakes from the noises on and off. 
Tom frowned as Ramses blared "McNeil, I confirm that dwelling is holding too many to count rattlesnakes contained in glass boxes at the moment. I already got my sisters to manipulate the appropriate people to come as soon as possible which their detected on the street boarding the building so they should handle this."
Tom found himself back in the High Council's throne room to keep the Banshee in control while hearing from Ramses again "Yes the appropriate people have found the room as manipulated which their saying that there's something called a bomb is detected rigged toward movement of humanoids walking in there according to their talk. Their busy shutting down that bomb at the moment which my sisters are assisting with the help of Scotland telling them what to do for manipulating First Ones to turn that thing off at the moment." 
Tom kept his mouth shut eyeing the speaker seeing the servant had his head bowed which he figured that the High Council was eavesdropping onto Ramses' talk who kept blaring "Ah this is Ramses talking who lives over the ocean too many leagues away from here. You'll find the person responsible asleep on the bottom of the steps wearing the hospital clothing on her form which you'll find she's got a syringe on her that is the one she used on her latest victim a Highlander named Yoshi Shioka whatever number he goes by due to that the name is passed down, who's registered at the Lacy hospital that is walking distance from here. Oh I'm broadcasting this talk to others at the hospital to check Yoshi for poison which I insist is the victim." 
He heard Ramses pause then continued "Oh never mind the hospital got the murder on recorder due to suspecting that this Highlander would be targeted which their hunch proved correct. Yes she's the one who did it according to the hospital's security who's demanding for her to be found after viewing her doing it on recording which she managed to escape the hospital by wearing the head gear your seeing she's wearing at the moment."
Tom frowned as Ramses stopped talking then added "High Council the authorities figured out who this female First One is by scanning her fingers' prints which they from mind scans say her name's Olga Butterski who reportedly was jailed for stealing a car as a youngster belonging to a rich male named Donald Marshall with sentence involved some work camp overseen by Highlanders as the overlords for youngsters doing lawbreaking behavior if their found guilty which is what happened to her when she was found guilty of the crime. The authorities are saying that one of her motives for taking out Highlanders was from being at the work camp for the full five years as said by the judge with a chance to get out early if she was proven to be remorseful from the car stealing. Their saying that she was retaliating against the Highlanders due to that one of them reportedly was a witness to the car stealing that put her in the work camp in the first place along with that her attitude towards the Highlanders at the work camp according to Scotland overhearing this was to rebel to everything they ordered her to do hence she staying for the full five years with that attitude still there as she left the work camp once her sentence was up."
He frowned as Ramses stopped talking to pause sensing the Meritanian still scanning him then continued talking "Actually High Council I warn you that the courts of law will be lenient towards her judging by the minds of the authorities who got her in their hands due to them thinking that her past issues and her anger towards the Highlander species would be her defense enough to give her a lenient sentence by judge which can be anywhere from five Human years to twenty Human years with a chance of her to get out of jail on parole if she does good behavior. Sorry to tell you this but this attitude is thought twinning like among First Ones whenever there's fellow species committing crimes against Highlanders no matter how bad it is actually." 
Tom felt himself annoyed hearing that as the speaker was heard speaking "Says Ramses manipulate Mindbender to get into position to take out this First One through assassination of her mind organ then transport her back once done and do it now." 
He found himself still in the High Council's throne room to his disgust despite the Banshee in control to hear from Ramses "Working on it at the moment. Just have to do some manipulating to get this done excuse me Anubis but get your robe for Mindbender to wear. None of the people paid attention towards him wearing it covering his High Council wear clothes like they always stare whenever there's a servant around flaunting their servitude." 
Tom eyed Anubis to find the gonoid head warrior gone along with sensing the Falcons gone to frown as he shifted to eye the High Council to get thrust an arm onto his front along with Anubis's loud whisper "Here put it on now." 
Tom obeyed to take the robe putting his arms through the sleeves and putting on the hood that covered his face nearly dangling in his eyes sensing it was raggedy from the feel and seemed to make him look like a beggar to him. He stood with arms folded to find himself in some alleyway and compelled to walk towards the entrance which he put his arms down finding the sleeves covered his hands. He reached the entrance to hear sounds that annoyed him over and over while seeing people of various First Ones and Highlanders including First Ones with Shadonian skin coloring on them walking by that paid him no attention as he stood eyeing the scenery. Tom felt compelled to sit down on the ground which he obeyed putting his back to a wall while eyeing the people walking by that appeared to not notice him seated watching him. He heard the sounds repeated again eyed passed the people to spot various machines he assumed were they rolling on objects moving on them with smoke coming from the back ends while slowly moving in one direction opposite from the sun's direction. He eyed the machines seeing some were mostly in an odd yellow color with some white sign on top while seeing people get out of them along with seeing people getting into them repeatedly over and over. He frown feeling himself bored with the scenery till one car arrived into view with whiteness on it and wording on it glimpsed along with an object on top of red and blue colors to witness the machine get hit from behind from a yellow machine having part of the yellowness bent up with a loud crunch sound. Tom felt compelled to get up walking through the crowd he noticing them ignoring him as they stepped around him appearing to be busy with various hand held devices in their hands while some had the device in their ears held by a hand. He reached the edge of the crowd to stand watching as the yellow machine's operator a male with dark skin wearing odd clothing and a large head band got out along with the white machine's operator a male wearing clothes that indicate a uniform both went to each other and got into a loud argument in Freeloader language he eavesdropping using various wording involving the incident of the ramming they calling it a car crash. He listened to the wording to find the white car had another operator that was a female who came out to stand near the arguing males all three of them not noticing him. Tom went to the white machine to peer through the see through window to find the familiar female inside that shrank in fear seeing him peering at her. He recalled his father talking to him about windows and objects blocking his mental powers eyed the machine's entrance to gain in to find a silver handle which he yanked open opening the car door still unnoticed by the arguing people. 
Tom mentally spoke to the female seeing her hands were behind her back she backing away from him as far as the machine would let her while still seated and displaying fear "Mind die."
Tom saw the female slump over with red blood leaking from her eyes and ears as he felt a feeling of pleasure hitting him smiled a smirk through his fanged teeth and gently eased the car door shut and walked away passed the crowd of people walking in various directions not noticing him to stand in the alleyway turning around eyeing them to see with nervousness hitting unexpectedly, three people walking slowly two males wearing twin outfits of black pants and black loose tops having wrap around their necks with sleeves rolled and a male holding a silver box while a female was with them wearing a blue dress that covered her from the neck down to her ankles. He eyed them warily as they walked by him not noticing him staring to see them go to the arguing males to stand staring at them backs to him. Tom eyed the three warily as he backed into the alleyway repeatedly till they were out of sight which he found himself in the High Council's throne room to hear from Anubis his demand to hand back his robe. 
Tom obeyed handing Anubis the robe then willed aside the Banshee to stare at the High Council sensing his mind scanned to hear from Ramses abruptly "High Council the males he saw wearing twin clothes and the female he saw with them are minions of Lance Richard who serve his vessel Osiris himself. The Lance Richard group dubbed Master Organization has members of a lowest rank flaunting themselves as part of the believer group by males wearing twin clothing and it’s the same with the females wearing twin clothing as well. The members of the rank currently all believe in that clothing status to mark them as part of the Master Organization which is what their doing at the moment despite members of the higher rank not doing that belief."
Tom frowned eyeing the High Council to hear from the speaker "Says Ramses anything else regarding this Master Organization we should know of hmm?"
He felt himself off balanced again to wave his arms while stumbling his feet to hear from Ramses "Sorry High Council can't say at the moment."
Tom frown hearing the grumpy tone of Ramses as the earthquake he felt stopped to his relief as he heard from the speaker "Says can't or won't say as threatened by the planet monitoring you hmm?"
Tom heard nothing from Ramses but his question of getting up from bed again which he sighed figuring out that it was Meritanian speak for Lance Richard to stop questioning Osiris as the Meritanian added "High Council the medic is requesting that he has to be transported to talk to you in person about a matter involving a servant's offspring which I have to transport Mindbender out due to that there's patient doctor confidentially as requested by the offspring's mother on this issue." 
He frowned as the speaker spoke "Says transport Mindbender to where he can get some nourishment and some rest now." 
He found himself in a bedroom to hear multiple roaring noises sounding of Listeners all around him seeing them awaken from sleeping status as one jabbed a finger aimed at him and spoke in Basic "This is Listener nesting room get out and go to your quarters for sleeping now. It's not a good time for a drink as ordered by the High Council who wants servants to have sleeping periods so get out."
Tom obeyed to walk towards Barry's quarters to find Nameless coming out of the barroom who did a double take look then backed into the barroom with doors swinging behind him. He went to Barry's quarters to find the Builder awake sitting on his bed feet on the floor who had eyes shut with a concentration look on the male's face. 
Tom sighed softly and entered the quarters to go to the bed on the floor only to hear from Barry unexpectedly "The High Council is debating on whether to give you your own quarters while your staying here to get drinks from the drinking room. I warn you that you might have to handle Nameless by yourself anyway you can whenever your alone with him or whenever he picks an argument with people in the drinking room when that time comes for me to stop helping you with him. He picked on the bartender getting into an argument on something silly on clothing worn by the Listeners which got them all to leave the room in response leaving him alone with the two Highlanders dubbed Yin for male and Yang for female who beat a hasty retreat going to their shared quarters. I did warn Nameless quite recently not to do anything medically serious towards you due to that the High Council is still trying you out in their service with no indicating on whenever they'll get fed up to have you hurt medically so excuse me I have to concentrate on this situation you pulled." 
Tom frowned to figure it was best not to say anything went to the bed on the floor and again heard from Barry "Mindbender shouldn't you use the private room facilities?"
He sighed and went into the private room figuring that he'll do what Barry said.

Tom came out of the private room feeling himself better from the use and fresh from showering to find Barry gone from the room to frown as the door opened showing Nameless who spoke "Excuse me wrong quarters." 
Tom eyed Nameless who darted out of the quarters in a fast move with doors shutting behind him. 
He sighed and went to the bed lying on the floor to lie his back onto it and felt himself not inclined to sleep only to feel the thing become smooth as Anubis's head came into view speaking in a loud whisper "Get up now and spare the High Council that acrobatic move."  
Tom obeyed to get up awkwardly to find Barry standing sideways facing the High Council that gave him a golden eyed glare which he frowned as the speaker spoke "Says watch the recording now." 
He obeyed to see some view of a break between buildings showing himself with his golden eyes and fanged teeth in view walking out and sitting down seemingly lengthy ignoring the recorder recording him. He saw himself get up walking among people some glancing at him by eyes darting in his direction as he realized that he didn't focused onto them doing it to see some of those people grimace visibly seeing his fanged teeth as they walked by him, him ignoring them to reach the white machine seeing the arguing people not noticing him. Tom continued to watch as himself appeared to peer into the machine then yank its door open sticking his head near the opening then shutting it getting the arguing people to look in his direction making grimaces seeing his face seen before resuming arguing from the looks of it as he walked by them going to the crowd who glanced at him with their eyes before standing in the alleyway while focused onto something as people looked in his direction with their heads forming grimaces on their faces seeing him before keeping their walking. He saw himself back away into the alleyway as the three people he saw came into view going to the arguing people to stand with the recorder eyeing them then the rectangle disappeared. 
Tom frowned as the speaker spoke "Says what do you have to say Mindbender since you were obviously seen by too many First Ones who managed to react negatively towards the looks of your Berserker side in control hmm? The Meritanians report having to mind wipe those First Ones of any memory of seeing you and make it seem like they either dreamed or hallucinated your sighting so talk on this to your defense now." 
Tom exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak recalling his life in Uzan "That's from living on Uzan ignored by both Freeloader and First One species since I was old enough to walk enough to let me get away with breaking too many laws involving thievery over and over. That's despite the guards guarding the Queen my mother raiser, finding the stolen items hidden in my room. It's whenever I'm out of there doing other things to return them where they were stolen over and over. The Queen as usual hasn't been able to do anything about the thievery or punish me for it due to complaints to her that I was able to do it with people not interested in paying attention to me and that I was hoping that they would give me attention hence the stealing over and over. This thievery stopped when I was implanted with the oxygen mask which got too many First Ones noticing me wearing it to do any more of the stealing. I didn't take account that the First Ones would pay attention to me despite the robe disguise and that was from assuming that this behavior on Uzan would happen to me on Shadan."
He clamped his mouth shut to frown while eyeing the High Council who went into a discussion seemingly lengthy till the speaker was heard speaking "Says what do you have to say about this talk by Mindbender, Barry?"
He eyed Barry who stopped flaring golden eyes aimed at him to shift head towards the High Council which he heard the Builder speaking "It sounds to me that Mindbender needs a lesson that natives on Shadan are different from natives on Uzan." 
He frowned as Barry added speaking in foreign language in a compelling voice tone to find himself floating in the air in the night sky while eyeing the ocean down below to find part of it form a circle shape with water pouring from the looks of it as he fell towards it to find himself hitting a metal ground with a bang sound as the scene changed abruptly. Tom felt a hand First One like grab him by the neck along with Barry's familiar chatter forcing him to stand up in some bent position while still gagged by the Builder who flared golden eyes while eyeing him as he eyed the male while choking on air. Tom felt himself urging to breathe felt the Banshee refused to come forwards despite his efforts to will it forwards as he gasped for air. 
He eyed Barry to hear "Says that's enough Barry so stop it now."
Tom felt himself freed to bent down coughing loudly while gasping for air repeatedly through his mouth as he felt himself getting the oxygen he needed forced himself to nose breathe while straightening up his form. He eyed the High Council as Barry kept giving him a golden eyed glare aimed at him. 
Tom frowned as the speaker added "Says we have a job for you Mindbender. We expect perfect results or other wise you'll find yourself out of serving us period-"
He interrupted "I will serve you period without divided loyalties." 
He heard a disgusted sound from Barry loudly as the speaker stopped talking to bow his head followed by the High Council seen going into discussion then he felt his mind scanned to recall his words mentally talking to himself about the group giving him acceptance and what he would do for them. 
Tom frowned as the mind scanning stopped abruptly followed by the speaker heard "Says transport Mindbender to discreet location in Yorkville now and let him know what to do next." 
He found himself in an alleyway from the looks of it felt compelled to walk in a direction which he obeyed reaching the end to hear machines' sounds sounding loudly over and over as he reached the end and stood in the alleyway eyeing various people walking by him in various directions none of them going into the alleyway which he eyed them in the eyes to noticed that they weren't glancing at him as he stood there lengthy. Tom felt a compulsion to walk out of the alleyway to stand which he obeyed noticing people eyeing him with annoyances on their faces by their eyes glancing at him and faces looking in his direction as they walked around him. Tom frowned at the gestures as he felt compelled to walk among the crowd finding that they ignored him walking by noticing some were glancing at him with their eyes but only appearing to be looking at his clothes and not his face making him annoyed for having Uzan natives doing that to him repeatedly. He felt himself fed up with that stopped walking and turned around going back to where he was transported to mentally call for Ramses to transport him out. He found his order obeyed to find himself transported to the High Council's throne room to find himself viewing himself on a recorder. 
He frowned as the speaker spoke "Says what do you have to say for aborting a mission we ordered you to do?"
Tom spoke the memory of Uzan natives treating him by eyeing his clothes instead of his face or not looking at him in the eyes as seen from the Shadan natives. 
He clamped his mouth shut once done to frown eyeing the High Council as the speaker spoke "Says transport Mindbender to Fingers and put him asleep once done."
Tom sighed finding himself in an observation room seeing Thura asleep on the bed in a sideways position as he went to her picking her up her not waking and held her.
He sighed thinking to himself "I'll be fine having acceptance from the High Council with Thura at my side. I aim to live forever while on Shadan with Thura living with me at my side."
Tom smiled a bit as he heard mentally in his mind not triggering the Banshee to his annoyance "That's not what I planned for you, my son."
He frowned hearing his father's mental voice sounding in his mind mentally spoke "I don't give a care for Thura will live forever with me as long as I receive acceptance from the High Council."
He heard snickering laughter in response sensed Thura move while holding her forced himself to calm to feel her cuddling with him while he held her. Tom felt himself much calmer as he laid himself onto the bed and adjusted Thura's position till she was comfortably lying on his form which he shut his eyes.
Tom mentally thought to himself "I don't care for Thura will live forever with me living on Shadan. Screw what my father says."
He heard the familiar snickering laughter tone within his mind as he laid awake for a lengthy time period. 

End Book One 
