Tom's Happily Ever After
Book Two: Reunited 
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2014
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Begin Book Two

Tom came to feeling himself mating with a female he felt himself thrusting inside her he felt from the feel of surrounding him was Victoria. He felt himself naked as he thrust in rhythm while having hands on the sides of the bed. Tom looked opening his eyes to find instead of normal vision was red vision while seeing the female was a black blurry shape. He felt himself stiffening from the sexual act onto the female. Tom felt a compulsion to continue on doing his mating onto the female he kept on eyeing despite noticing his eyesight was red entirely with a female's face distorted. 
He exhaled a breath finding himself spill inside the female who gave off "Tom." 
Tom recognized the voice as Victoria's as he continued to feel himself still hard while inside her he sensed was surrendering to him underneath him. Tom did another round of mating onto Victoria he assumed was the female he was doing the sexual act onto her. He found his red eyesight began to clear up as he eyed the female he found was Victoria who had her eyes shut and appeared to form a peaceful expression on her face. Tom adjusted his position till he was level with her face while pulling out sensing himself shiver from that. 
He eyed Victoria in response to hear her speak "Tom." 
Tom heard the pleading in her voice tone groaned softly to roll over removing himself off of her while staring at the ceiling. He found the lamps of the room on as he looked around to find a male lying on the other bed with bruises on his face and arms looking like they were bent out of position. Tom got up from the bed to go towards the male to feel his arms he felt were broken set them in position along with doing the same towards the male's legs. He sighed softly once done to eye Victoria warily who had pulled the blanket over her head he saw and appeared to have form still while lying on her side. Tom frowned eyeing Victoria to eye the time finding it was two hours since he left the party. He sighed and picked up his underwear from lying onto the floor and put it on before going to the bed to join Victoria ignoring him twisting her form to spoon fashion her. He eyed the clock finding the alarm on for a morning hour which he left on and shut his eyes forcing himself to mediate despite sleep refusing to come to him. Tom felt relieved once the alarm clock blared its siren. He feeling Victoria lurch up into a sitting position. Tom eyed Victoria warily to find her looking at the other bed he noticing the male was gone from there. He frowned to eye Victoria who without a word got up from the bed picking up her clothes and purse and went into the bathroom slamming the door with a bang sound. Tom exhaled a breath and forced himself to get up getting into his clothes to find his hair looked messy. He ignored his hair to sit on the bed eyeing the bathroom waiting for Victoria to come out. Tom was rewarded when Victoria came out dressed in her familiar dress with some makeup adjusted and nothing to indicate of a shower to him. 
He frowned as Victoria spoke "Let's get out of here."
Tom followed Victoria to the lobby to find the hotel clerk giving her a long time to check them out. He felt annoyance take hold as another five minutes passed to glare at the clerk with accusation in his eyes to find two cops coming into view arresting him for assaulting a guest. Tom felt annoyance take hold as the cops hauled him out the front entrance of the hotel he seeing presses' lights become more glaring. 
He grimaced from the lights while hearing scattered talk "Mister Thunder! What do you have to say about your wife marrying another man? What do you have to say about your wife declaring your marriage to her over with?"
Tom stiffened from the words as the cops got him into a vehicle a van as he heard one yell out "What do you have to say about Victoria's engagement to be married to someone else?!"
He felt his mood plummet hearing that question as the van's doors shut he recognizing the voice was yelled by a Highlander. Tom felt his mood get worse off willed himself to calm by breathing through his mouth and fisting his hands in a tight grip manner. Tom found his foul mood refused to quit as he got into the police precinct and processed into a jail cell with an apparent drunkard for company in another cell. Tom paced back and forth feeling his mood become rage. He could see the rages hitting him via his eyesight blinking back and forth from red to normal vision. Tom fisted the wall in response after tearing off the bow tie and yanking off his jacket. He tossed them both aside despite feeling himself filmed the moment he entered the police's precinct. Tom kept on pacing back and forth to give off a loud roar and charged towards the stone wall ignoring the bars of the cell. He kept on punching the wall ignoring the drunkard's slurred voice heard words not registering within him. 
Tom mentally recalled the guy Victoria was appearing to be in love with mentally spoke "Screw this! I'll kill her once I get the chance to do this! She's mine alone period! I don't give a damn if she loves someone else than me! I want her as mine! I'll do what it takes to make sure she sees me as hers forever!"
He quit his mouth breathing to allow the rages to take control allowing his eyesight to turn entirely red and felt himself passing out unconscious to his confusion. 

Tom came to finding himself in a familiar restraint trap belonging to the Zesky Hospital from the feel of a light glaring into his eyes and form restrained in its familiar feeling. He felt the rages no longer in control by the whiteness of the light blaring into his eyesight. Tom grunted feeling a fist connect with his front repeatedly making him grunt loudly. He felt the fist belonged to Breaker he figured was doing it till he felt the fisting stop to his relief. Tom felt Breaker's hand touching his chin forcing his head down to find Jason standing with arms folded Alexei no where in sight. He gave Jason a glare of accusation who pointed a remote in a direction he found his head forced to look. Tom grimaced finding a wedding ceremony involving Victoria and a male with blonde hair he hearing no sound from it. He felt annoyance take hold as the scene changed into view to show him attacking a male he recognized as the one married to Victoria using brutal force followed by appearing to rape her she giving off a fight to his forced mating ritual. Tom felt his mood plummet seeing the scene to find it shift into him pacing in a jail cell he hearing sound on abruptly. He heard his words spoken loudly while in the jail cell he thought he was mentally thinking to himself. Tom stiffened as the scene showed himself flaring his Berserker side and getting into a fight with the cell's bars to free himself that continued to keep him contained despite electricity seen from the area. He frowned finding sticks thrust between the cell bars to zap him repeatedly as he kept on charging towards the areas. He found this kept up till he saw a dart arrive hitting him square onto the chest followed by collapsing onto the floor willing aside the Berserker side and appeared to be asleep. Tom felt rage hitting him as Breaker adjusted his head to face Jason.
He snarled out loudly "This is a trick! That male is a Builder! He used voice talent orders onto Victoria! Hence this stinking wedding ceremony! He used the same voice talent onto me!"
Tom felt rage taking control to feel his head thrust up towards the light which turned red in response as he gave up roaring noises. He felt his mouth covered in response to the roaring noises kept on giving off growling noises via throat. He felt a fist connect with his stomach refrained from giving off noises till the light quit its redness 
Tom glared at the light finding Breaker forcing his head down and Jason speaking "You sure that you would do anything for Victoria hmm?"
He heard the sarcasm of Jason's voice tone snarled out "This is nothing but a trick to break us up!"
He glared at Jason to find the male speaking "Interesting that you would believe this point of view. What will take you to get it that Victoria is involved with another and not with you hmm?"
Tom heard the firmness of Jason's voice tone felt tears flowing from his eyes as he spoke "No!"
He felt his voice break as he repeated the no word over and over while crying tears only to feel Breaker force his head to face the light. Tom gave up wailing noises only to cut his noises off when Breaker punched him onto the front again. He silently stared at the light feeling the tears flowing from his eyes. Tom kept on crying silently while eyeing the light to feel his familiar rages feeling taking control. He eyed the light with red in it to hear Breaker speaking Builder chatter in response to find his redness going away abruptly. Tom felt his rages leave him along with the familiar feeling of it going away fully. 
He heard "Sorry Tom. King Winter left specific instructions regarding what to do with you involving this rages episodes you're getting. You were just Builder ordered to get them whenever you're angry mood hit. He wants them gone from you now as communicated via Walls actually."
Tom cried in response hearing Breaker's voice speaking the words in a firm voice tone sounding serious to him. He forced himself to be quiet with his wailing noises while feeling his tears spilling from his eyes. Tom kept himself silent as he cried lengthy only to feel the urged to hit the floor kneeling with eyes shut which he obeyed finding the mysterious restraints gone from him. He rubbed his scarred cheek in response to the feeling while kneeling feeling his mood plummet further within him. Tom felt his rage rising within him as he kept on rubbing his cheek before baring his teeth and fisting his hand. He heard nothing in response to his actions only to feel a hand touching his shoulder in a gentle grip remaining firm from the feel. Tom forced himself to remove his hand fisting his hands at his sides forcing himself to mouth breathe deeply while forcing himself to mediate. He kept up the mediation feeling the hand on his shoulder was masculine and familiar to him. He kept his eyes shut till the hand removed itself and patted him on the cheek he forced to open his eyes finding the hand's owner was Anyan from the looks of his clothes despite having Jinks' face and an all black eyed look. 
Tom eyed Anyan warily who spoke firmly "You threatened to kill my daughter. I heard you speak those words while contained in a cell. Don't deny it that its jealousy talking from her choosing someone else to marry instead of you. So talk now Shad."
He gulped and spoke firmly "She gave me a reason to avoid being an assassin. Without her being my reason I have nothing left but to be an assassin. I don't want the acceptance from the High Council. I wanted acceptance from a female and wanted this badly. I was willing to do anything to avoid being an assassin of the High Council. I don't care to be an assassin again."
Tom frowned eyeing Anyan who spoke in response "You would do anything to avoid serving the High Council would you?"
He spoke firmly "Yes."
Tom frowned to get his eyes forced shut in response by Anyan's hand to come to feeling himself wearing the familiar restraint onto his form and familiar too short pants covering him from the waist down. He felt himself lying in bed jerked open his eyes to hear screaming sounds he figured was himself screaming. 
Tom quit the screaming to find himself able to talk to scream out "What reason can I do among the Humans other than being a damned assassin?! All I know is being an assassin of the High Council! I know how a Human can live among other Humans! I lived like one actually! I had Victoria give me a reason to avoid being an assassin! Now thanks to you destroying my reason I got nothing left but being an assassin! A servant of someone like the High Council! I'll do what I can to avoid being an assassin even doing anything to avoid this! I'm sick of being an assassin!"
Tom paused from yelling to continue on yelling "Killing people gave me an addiction like feeling of pleasure! I thought that would solve my problems! Turns out its not doing anything for me or solving my problems! A murder is a murder no matter if you're an assassin! Give me one good damned reason what I should do with my life other than doing murders like an assassin?! Assassination is all I know! It's giving me a purpose to live among the Humans! I haven't gotten a purpose to live than doing assassinations! So give me a reason for living now! Just kill me while you're at it since I'm nothing but a stinking murderer an assassin!"
Tom heard nothing in response to his talk as he paused to glare at the camera dome above him to add loudly "Why don't you just kill me while your thinking of what to do with me?! I lost my only reason to live which was love from a female! Assassinations isn't a good way to survive on! So kill me and be done with it now!"
He glared at the camera dome feeling it silently filming him to give off a disgust sound before thrusting himself to lie onto the bed onto his back. Tom glared at the camera dome seemingly lengthy he feeling himself ignored and forgotten via the silent Zesky Hospital not paying attention to him. He rolled over onto his side to eye the white walls warily to shut his eyes only to feel pressure onto his arm. Tom jerked open his eyes finding Anyan in the cell with him. 
He frowned eyeing Anyan who spoke "Killing you isn't going to solve anything Shad."
He stiffened from Anyan's words as he eyed Anyan who spoke "Death isn't the answer, Shad. Life is always the answer period. I don't aim to kill you this time no matter how you beg for it. I'll give you a purpose to live even if I have to figure out what to do with you."
Tom felt his eyes forced shut in response to come to feeling purring vibrations of a cat sitting on his front he feeling himself leaning back onto a familiar headboard. Tom frowned feeling himself still clad in his familiar too short pants but this time was minus his arm restraints including restraints onto his back missing from him. He shook his head of the sleepiness to eye the cat a recorder that got up arching its back and went to the bed's foot he discovering himself in the Zesky Hospital from the looks of it. Tom eyed the cat warily who gave up a loud meow before washing its ear with a paw. He shifted to eye the door to the room as if drawn to find two figures walking into the room making him grimace seeing Jason and Breaker. 
He heard the door slam shut to find Jason giving him a glare with accusation in his eyes and speaking "Talk on what you know of the origin of the names of Shad and Onya the High Council call their speakers by?"
Tom exhaled a breath in a hiss sound and then inhaled to speak from memory fully in his mind "Nothing but that the names were used to refer the Shadonia species as the origins of their name."
He clamped his mouth shut to get Jason giving him a narrowed glare of accusation still in the male's eyes to hear Breaker speaking Builder chatter in response. 
Tom heard himself speak "The name of Shad came from a Human assassin doing things in the High Council's name. He was the first Annoyov actually."
He felt himself shocked with what he spoke widen his eyes to recall a High Council member in private in their quarters sharing this fact with him via mental talk. 
Tom spoke underneath Breaker's Builder chatter "The name of Onya was taken from the male Human's name of Anyan who gave Shad mercy. He gave Shad a purpose to live after getting him from being an assassin. Anyan used Shad as a bodyguard for life till they both perished in the great flood flooding Great Britain. Shad tried to save Anyan's life from drowning but they wound up drowning during a storm and bodies' lost. The High Council actually got them both transported to their base alive where their currently in containment at the moment. That's all I know of them both actually."
Tom stiffened to get Breaker's familiar chatter to groan softly getting a memory of Barry escorting him into a vast room holding various coffins in it some with bodies inside. He found Barry ignored the coffins to make a beeline towards a platform holding two coffins inside as he felt annoyance take hold on being Builder led towards there. Tom recalled on reaching the coffins to eye the contents inside as if drawn to find one was empty and the other contained a male with his face and a longer hair length. Tom recalled staring at himself lying dead to the world inside the coffin while wearing odd clothing on his form that seemed twin to Lance Richard's but this time in the color of black. He recalled staring at Barry to find the male looking in a direction and ducking down into a one knee position while glaring. Tom looked far away to find a male with Jason's face putting a female figure appearing to look old to him into a coffin with a Z staff next to it and then saw the male appear to yank something off the woman. He frowned watching as Jason's twin put on a necklace and saw the male's mouth move he not hearing what's said. Tom frowned seeing Jason's twin walking away while walking out of sight till he saw the male and a familiar uniformed Highlander walk through a doorway which shut behind them. He recalled to eye Barry in response who got up and Builder ordered them both out of the room to a forest's gate and through it to arrive to the High Council's gate room. Tom spoke the memory fully in mind after Breaker's chatter. 
He heard Jason give off a hiss of a breath loudly followed by speaking "What else do you remember of this person my twin hmm?"
Tom spoke as if compelled by Breaker "Barry said his name was Eric. That he came from the Zesky Hospital. Some kind of weapon created here before going missing with the other Zeskaya ship with some other people in question."
He clamped his mouth shut feeling himself annoyed with what he said as he eyed Jason who looked at Breaker speaking "Eric? That name is the name of Alexei's missing son. He claimed that his son had twin facial appearances as mine when he stopped by on a visit by the Zeskaya in question. Alexei has said that Eric is fine protected by this planetary world by this weird name of Terrania whatever it is."
He exhaled a breath hearing Jason's words to found himself not able to speak of his visit to Terrania despite having the visit fully in his mind. 
Tom eyed Jason warily who added after giving off an Hmph sound "Nevertheless what should I do with you hmm?"
He heard a door knocking sound four times followed by a knock to get from Jason "Hmph you have a visitor actually."
Tom frowned to eye Breaker spoke Builder chatter to find the male and Jason disappearing in a light show. He shifted to eye the door to find it open followed by a familiar figure walking inside making him gulp seeing the male was Jinks with eyes narrowed in a glare aimed at him. 
Tom frowned eyeing Jinks who spoke "Go back to where you came from, assassin."
He spoke firmly "Back to where I came from exiled me. Gave me this scar for being an assassin. I have no place there."
He eyed Jinks who spoke "Then return where you belong in containment living forever there."
Tom spoke firmly while eyeing Jinks "Containment? I need a purpose to live other than being an assassin. Other than being in containment since you would rather see me contained than freed. You don't like me for obvious reasons."
He glared at Jinks finding the male willing forwards his Master ability which he felt paralysis hitting him from the waist down. 
Tom felt annoyance taking hold while eyeing Jinks who spoke "I can't have you freed wandering around the natives doing assassinations-"
He interrupted "I'm not inclined to do more of that anyway."
Tom glared at Jinks whose form shifted into Anyan from the looks of him who spoke "She trusts you with her life assassin. She admits this trust to me and is telling the truth. Don't betray her trust for I give you mercy this time assassin."
He blinked his eyes finding himself falling through something via the sky looking rocky to land with a loud grunt sound. Tom found himself landing onto a forest ground from the looks of it he recognizing the area as the place Barry transported him off Terrania. 
Tom frowned thinking to himself as he forced himself to get up from the ground "Who's this female this Anyan is referring to anyway?"
He heard nothing in answer to his question heard a loud siren like noise frowned to feel compelled to walk towards the sounds as if drawn. Tom obeyed to continue walking feeling himself not clad in any clothes through the forest hearing sounds of Zeskaya language's chatter loudly. Tom frowned to walk towards the chatter to come upon an opening in a wall he seeing the name Atlanta in the opening overhead. He frowned to walk underneath the opening to hear chatter of Zeskaya's language become louder to find a city while seeing various people walking all over the place. He eyed the people to see that they were of various manoid species including Drainers he grimaced seeing including seeing Humans among them and Highlanders. Tom frowned to walk into the city ignored by the natives till a loud siren like noise blared loudly to find the natives running all over the place his arm grabbed by a Drainer a male and pulled into a building with door slamming shut by two uniformed Highlanders wearing blue colors. Tom didn't say a word as the Drainer proceeded to feed off of him before giving off a yeer sound and licking his neck. He grunted in response as the Drainer thrust him onto the floor and found himself kicked to lie onto it followed by the male putting a foot onto his chest and bending down growling loudly. Tom got his mind scanned only to see fully in his mind an image of a lighted cauldron flashing in his mind. He felt himself confused only to hear gibberish spoken from a voice sounding Highlander like while hearing the word Trigan used multiple times. 
Tom recalled the Basic language spoke loudly "Hello?"
He got the Drainer glaring at him and speaking "Obviously an off world native by the taste of him. He's no Trigan from what I tasted of his blood. Yeer tasted awful. Anyhow the Sun Lord will attend to him anyway."
He frowned finding the Drainer speaking in Basic to get the male speaking again "The Sun Lord hates off world visitors threatening his rule."
Tom frowned finding the Drainer speaking in Zeskaya language to feel annoyance take hold proceeded to do karate onto the male. He knocked the Drainer off of him and threw himself into an acrobatic move while getting up in a fast move. Tom found the Drainer doing a feet wiping gesture while crouched he figuring was going to charge at him in a fight. 
He heard an alarm like sound sounding loudly to get from the Drainer straightening up his form and speaking "Spoilsport Sun Lord with that noise you're making."
He sensed himself filmed unexpectedly to refrain from looking up at the ceiling he recalling a High Council member in private telling him "Superstitious natives of planetary worlds believe this belief not to look up in the ceiling of a place their in. They think it'll bring death to them and have strongly believed it. The First Ones of Earth after the transfer to Shadan have refused to believe this belief and have discovered various camera recordings in places all over the place. It mostly focuses onto where the First Ones used to live in and in the Shadonia's home place. Anywhere else than that they always look up and see it. If you sense natives having this belief honor them but don't look."
Tom obeyed to give the Drainer a glare in response as he felt the familiar filming continued he sensing was from the ceiling as the familiar alarm kept on sounding loudly. He frowned hearing from the Drainer speaking loudly "Can't you cut the noises? It's annoying me!"
He eyed the Drainer to get one of the Highlanders speaking gibberish while seeing the male and them appear into a conversation he hearing nothing in response to the Trigan wording. Tom kept his mouth shut in response till the Drainer shifted to look at him once the alarm quit sounding and gave off a roaring noise before charging towards him. He found himself using karate combative art moves onto the Drainer who counterattacked into familiar moves involving the Banshees using clawed hands swiping aimed at him. 
Tom kept on kicking towards the Drainer to feel the Berserker willed forwards as if compelled to hear "Blast didn't account for that!" 
He frowned finding the Drainer quit the fighting to crouch growling loudly as he heard from within his mind "I'll surrender if I were you. Your fighting the Drainer would get him hungry enough to target you and whoever around here. He was lying when he said your blood wasn't good to him."
Tom eyed the Drainer warily to again hear the familiar alarm sounding again to glare at the male with clawed hand flexing in the Drainer's direction. He ignored the filming sensed on and off repeatedly with the alarm quitting on and off as he glared at the Drainer ignoring the Highlander's voice sounding in his mind to surrender. Tom ignored the voice sounding in his mind to get the Drainer charging towards him body attack move only to trip the male aside. He glared at the Drainer got up in an acrobatic move and kept on charging towards him while repeatedly tripping him over and over till a loud clapping noise sounded loudly while hearing the voice sounding in his mind quit to his relief. Tom eyed the Drainer warily sensing himself stared at finding the male ignoring him and pouncing onto a Highlander in a blue uniform and sucking from the male via mouth on the neck. He willed aside the Berserker to frown hearing the clapping noise while sensing the familiar filming quit to find the familiar figure of the Sun Lord standing in the entrance to the building while seeing the sunlight glaring outside behind the male. He spotted Hades entering from behind appearing to be sneaking into the room while crawling to find the Sun Lord looking in the Drainer's direction. Tom frowned finding Hades quit the crawling to get up giving off a loud disgust sound and walking up to the Sun Lord with arms folded to stand next to the male. He eyed the Sun Lord warily to find the male's golden Human like eyes peering through the eye plates of the mask were narrowed with suspicion in them but saw recognition in them. 
Tom kept his mouth shut in a thin line while eyeing the Sun Lord who he saw looked at a guard to hear loudly "Says explain yourself seen playing with a Drainer. It's a no, no among the natives of this city to do."
He exhaled a breath hearing the Zeskaya language tones to find the Drainer off his left giving him a glare and heard from the male "Answer the Sun Lord's demand since you get it the Americanian language."
Tom frowned to shift towards the Sun Lord to open his mouth to speak only to get a croaking noise making him annoyed. 
He formed a frown after clamping his mouth to get from the Drainer "Yeer! Mute. Like what Edenia says for off worlders to be kept alive at all costs. He should be able to communicate via hand language. A mind scanner is out. One of the mind scanners saw his mind twin to a fabled Trigan answering to the name of Raisa. Saw a lighted cauldron within his mind when scanning him. Even touching him for further scans won't provide results either."
Tom frowned to keep his eyes onto the Sun Lord as if feeling like needing to do it. He eyed the Sun Lord who jabbed a finger aimed at him and got thrust a cloth he felt was a towel from the feel which he wrapped around his waist covering his sensitive parts. Tom found the towel didn't reach around his waist fully but was lengthy enough to cover his sensitive parts. 
He held the towel with both hands covering him to get from the Highlander guard of the Sun Lord "Says get him transported to some place where he could put on some clothes Merra Tank."
Tom frowned finding himself transported to a hallway looking oddly like a hotel to him as he felt compelled to go into a room to peer into finding it contained a bedroom. Tom looked around to find a dresser next to the bed which he went to, to pull open drawers. He pulled out a tank top in white putting it on while dropping the towel and pulled out a pair of white pants putting them on feeling them stretch to feel like tights covering him. Tom felt himself annoyed as he found himself back facing the Sun Lord who did eyes widening seeing him clad in clothes. He figured the sign for Drainer to throw a tantrum threw the behavior while stomping his feet before hearing a clapping noise he finding it belonged to one the Sun Lord's guards. 
Tom eyed the Sun Lord warily to get from a guard "You had to transport him to the Zeskaya for clothes didn't you Meritanians?"
He frowned hearing the word Zeskaya as he heard blared in his mind "Where else can he get the clothes to fit him? He's built differently from a native around here judging by the size and height of him."
Tom stared at the floor hearing the feminine voice of a Meritanian sounding in his mind as he shut his eyes and rubbed a hand onto his scarred cheek. He bared his teeth recalling the reason for the scar while sensing his mind scanned to feel his mood plummet further. 
Tom wound up hearing "Sorry Mindbender for the insult. Yes I recognized you from a previous visitation. No I have no idea what Edenia plans to do towards you in question. If she wanted you dead she would have given you the talking ability. Mutes are granted to live period regardless of them from off world or not. The Sun Lord is a mute and sympathizes. So quit rubbing your cheek and stop acting mad from my insult."
He exhaled a breath to rub hands over his eyes in response while again hearing the familiar clapping noise to look finding the Sun Lord's guard speaking "Says you mute come along now to my headquarters."
Tom obeyed to follow the Sun Lord and guards out finding himself escorted by Hades who kept a hand onto his arm he forced himself to ignore the touch. Tom looked around the city as if feeling like needing to do it to notice the natives back away from the Sun Lord while giving the male a wide berth. He frowned to find the walking didn't seem lengthy to him judging by how warm the ground was felt onto his feet and making him want to jump from the burning. He followed the Sun Lord into a building to hear the familiar siren noises to find guards shutting the door to the Sun Lord's building once inside the lobby. Tom frowned eyeing the Sun Lord making hand gestures once an alarm was heard sounding. He concentrated onto the Sun Lord's hand signs he figured was sign language finding himself confused to what the male was signing. Tom frowned as he followed the Sun Lord into an elevator find Hades letting go of his arm and darting out of the thing in a fast move seeing the doors shut leaving him alone with the ruler and guards. He frowned forming it on his face while eyeing the Sun Lord who removed his mask he widening his eyes of shock seeing Jason's twin face but had some kind of breathing tube into his noses with a part of it going around his ears. He frowned eyeing the Sun Lord Jason's twin he figured was dubbed Eric, Alexei's missing son. He kept his mouth into a thin line while hearing a small alarm to find the elevator going down instead of going up followed by the guards thrusting handguns aimed at the fronts aimed at him. Tom held up his hands warily to find the elevator stopping followed by walking out sensing the Sun Lord not following as he found a hallway holding various plants that were small twin versions of the Meritanians. He looked to spot the Sun Lord seen thrusting a fist up in his direction and waving it as the elevator doors shut blocking his view of the ruler. Tom found himself compelled to go to a room seeing multiple doors in the wall which he obeyed to find a familiar male inside asleep lying on the floor. He stiffened recognizing the male as Nikolas who jerked open his eyes to feel his mind scanned. Tom frowned eyeing Nikolas who he saw was dressed in all white with white clothing and white hair with blue eyes. He frowned eyeing Nikolas warily to find the male gesturing him to sit by jabbing a finger towards the ground in front of him. Tom obeyed to sit down in front of Nikolas to get the male thrusting hands over his forehead to grimace getting himself passing out unconscious. 

Tom heard the familiar siren sound jerking his eyes open with a start finding himself in a coffin from the looks of it. He recalled himself named as Mindbender and not as Tom. Mindbender recalled Anyan sneaking up behind him then pain in his back followed by nothingness. He sat up as the see through coffin's cover lifted itself up to find a male figure with an odd face coming into view with eyes that were sun colored making him grimace to see. Mindbender got out of the coffin finding the male with the night sky colored face and night sky colored clothes helping him out despite not asking him to. He felt an odd feeling hitting him as the male without a word got him to stand while keeping an arm around him. Mindbender felt his legs weak but obeyed to keep on walking finding the unnamed male was guiding him through a large vast room that had multiple coffins inside some empty some with bodies inside to his confusion. Mindbender didn't say a word as the stranger got him through a door way to hear a faint buzz noise behind him. 
He halted the male's walking to look finding a plant colored wall appearing looking see through to hear "It's the shield to the room." 
Mindbender frowned hearing the voice to find the stranger looking at him which he heard a guttural male voice appearing to be from the male "I'm no stranger. The name is Hades. Welcome to Terrania."
He frowned hearing the sarcasm of the male's voice tone frown realizing his name was Hades but kept his mouth shut as the male got him into a small room. Mindbender jerked as something like a wall slid shut followed by a falling sensation making him stiffen. 
Mindbender heard "It's just an elevator a machine that can transport people up and down in fast speed methods."
He frowned hearing that from Hades to find the male escorting him into a stone hallway making him stiffen of memory for it looked like a dungeon to him. He found various plants in the hallway while feeling that odd sensation hitting him again as Hades got him into a room to find a male wearing all cloud colored clothing with the twin colored hair lying asleep inside. Mindbender frowned as Hades got him to kneel followed by darting out of the room appearing to be a jail cell in a fast speed move while slamming the door with a bang sound. He found the door's noises woke up the cloud colored male who sat up staring at him with a frown on the male's face. Mindbender kept his mouth shut while eyeing the male warily to find him reaching out a hand towards his forehead making him stiffen. 
He stiffened from the odd feeling as the male was heard "I won't hurt you."
Mindbender frowned but didn't comment a response as the male reached out both hands and touched his forehead he jerked his eyes shut as pain arrived to his head. He recalled fully as he felt sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Mindbender found himself holding a sword while edging into a dark sinister forest with mouth in a teeth baring grin. He heard noises of someone running in the forest crashed after the figure to tackle a naked male onto the ground followed by swinging himself up and thrusting the sword at the male's neck. He saw the male was Anyan bare of clothes who held up both hands up in a surrender gesture. 
He glared at Anyan who spoke "Just be done with and kill me now, Shad."
He recalled why Anyan was bare of clothes was from a neighboring King, King George of Lions' bane had used his own daughter to charm the male into a mating ritual at the river. He recalled fully King George arrived to get Anyan to surrender his kingdom of Anya via written notice before ordering the male to get into the forest before the King set his men onto him to kill him. Mindbender eyed Anyan who quit the all black eyed look showing Human blue eyes with a look in them he recognized as if knowing what it was of brotherly love. 
He put the sword away back into his scabbard 'I'm not going to kill you anyway. Besides I took down King George's men sent to kill you actually."
He found Anyan thrusting himself forwards knocking him onto the ground while hearing a whooshing sound of an arrow and heard a grunt sound from the male. Mindbender rolled them over to swing himself up while thrusting his sword in front of him to spot an archer on horseback joined by other archers he finding himself and his brother surrounded. He glared as two archers got their horses to step aside followed by a familiar male with a beard chuckling loudly while on horseback. 
Mindbender glared at the male his mind told him was King George who spoke "So the brother proves his loyalty to his own brother."
He heard the sarcasm of the King's voice tone gave off a low growling noise only to feel Anyan's hand onto his ankle which he bent down to place a hand onto the male's shoulder while resuming the glare aimed at King George.
King George he glared at spoke "I suggest you do what your brother told you to do which is kill him. So do it now."
He in response threw his sword towards the ground while kneeling facing King George and keeping a hand onto Anyan's shoulder he feeling his brother gripping in a gentle grip in response. He kept the glare aimed at King George finding the archers going away and darting out of sight leaving him alone with the male along with an additional horse. 
He glared as King George spoke while dropping the reins of the horse without a rider on it "Your loyalty to your brother reminds me of my loyalty to my own brother. I'll keep you alive for that. You come upon the lands of this kingdom I won't hesitate to have you dead on sight. Don't come again."
Mindbender kept the glare as King George jabbed a finger in a direction off his left "There's a village dubbed Lancelot by the sea off in that direction. I have no attempts to take the village into my Kingdom. You'll find sanctuary there. Don't leave the village for anything."
He gave a head bob as King George without a further word road away via horse out of sight. Mindbender didn't say a word went to the horse eating a plant to yank it towards Anyan it not resisting to that. He found clothes folded into the bag tossed them to Anyan who took out the arrow showing a bleeding cut on the arm while grimacing before getting up to put on the clothes. Mindbender got onto the horse and held up a hand towards Anyan who showed Human blue eyes to him with trust in them he recognized. He didn't say a word as Anyan took his hand to grip it before letting go and got onto the horse behind him. Mindbender felt Anyan gripping him by the waist including head leaning against his back he sensing the male was upset but didn't comment a response towards him as he got the horse to gallop towards the village as pointed out by King George. Mindbender found the village easily by the sea that appeared to look like a poor village from the looks of how poor everything was made by the huts seen. He grunted once the horse reared up in front of a young woman seen but was dressed in some odd clothing. 
He didn't say a word as the young woman spoke sounding firm "Your kind isn't wanted here stranger."
Mindbender spoke firmly "His name is Lance Richard. He's here to help out. I'm just his brother and caretaker."
He sensed Anyan quit the clinging to look at the female whose eyes widen of recognition in them followed by her speaking "The name is Jacinda. Welcome to Lancelot, Master and servant. I'll teach you what you need to know around here Sirs."
He got off the horse and got Anyan displaying his Master ability off the horse to find Jacinda going up towards the male and taking his hand. Mindbender followed while pulling the horse to find Jacinda taking them to a house appearing to be better made despite the huts not showing very many people around. He frowned as he got the horse tied to a tree next to the house as Jacinda and Anyan went inside the house shutting the door. He looked around to find villagers coming out of hiding some seen scared but staring at him with ranges of emotions on their faces. Mindbender sighed figuring from their expressions that they saw and heard what he said regarding Anyan to frown walking away from his horse to stand in the middle of the pathway. 
He eyed the villagers warily to sense Anyan behind him speaking something that sounded like "Forgive me brother."
Mindbender felt pain hitting his back indicated a sword stabbing him followed by passing out unconscious.

Mindbender came to recall coming to feeling himself lying in a coffin to find Anyan holding his hand and speaking "I'm sorry brother dear for doing this. It's to protect you from harm. I oath to you that you'll get the acceptance you wanted. Forgive me."
He found Anyan shutting a familiar coffin's lid shut and walking away as he found himself shutting his eyes passing out unconscious only to wake up hearing the familiar siren noises compelling him to wake up. 
Mindbender roared out a growling noise while speaking "Anyan!"
He felt the cloud colored male was still having his hands onto his forehead as he came to knock aside the male's hands with anger in his eyes. Mindbender glared at the male feeling hatred aimed at Anyan hitting him. 
The male spoke "You will forgive Anyan-"
Mindbender interrupted "I won't! You can go to the depths now! I'm done being in this jail cell!"
He got up to storm towards the door to realize with a start that he didn't know how to open it to glare at the male while adding "Open the door or I'll cut you."
Mindbender pulled out his sword from his scabbard thrusting it aimed at the male and towards the door. He found the male refused to budge getting up instead remained kneeling. Mindbender darted towards the male only striking out his sword only to feel the odd sense again hitting him as the male disappeared in a puff of smoke in front of him. He looked around the room finding it empty and gave up a loud roaring noise in response to charge towards the door clawing it with his gloved hands. He found the door refused to budge opening as he continued to feel the familiar sense hitting him. Mindbender felt confusion hitting him on what the sense was as he looked behind him to find the male was back kneeling. Mindbender growled an angry sound and put away the sword into the scabbard and forced himself to kneel in front of the male while glaring at him who had eyes shut with a peaceful look on his face. He kept on glaring at the male seemingly lengthy who refused to budge from mediation he figured was what he was doing. Mindbender felt his mood plummet charged towards the male after getting up in a fast move only to find him disappearing in a puff of smoke. He gave up another roar of frustration. Mindbender charged towards the walls appearing to be stone that refused to crack underneath his fisting. He kicked and fisted the walls till he felt his anger simmered a bit to resume kneeling while facing the wall opposite from the door. Mindbender found the familiar male appearing with a puff of smoke he smelling nothing to indicate smoke to him to his annoyance. He glared at the male while angry and shut his eyes forcing himself to mediate himself to calm mood that was slow arriving within him as he kept on recalling Anyan's betrayal he called it. Mindbender kept feeling his angry mood remained only to feel hands touching his forehead he compelled to keep his hands to himself despite fisting them. He found the hands were soothing to him to calm down from his raging angry mood. 
Mindbender found himself sad abruptly to burst into tears crying wailing sounds while wailing noises he heard himself speaking "Anyan, oh why did you have to do this to me?"
He found himself repeating his question over and over as he cried till he felt himself calm to recall during a bout of body guarding Anyan something his brother told him once alone with him "I'll do what it takes to protect you even do anything. Even have you declared dead with your body someplace contained intact for you to wake up and live your own life with the acceptance you want. I don't want to see my own brother hurt suffering from rejection from people. The rejection is basis to why you were seen as an assassin. I refused to have that be a reason why you're rejected. I prefer you to be accepted with kindness and people's equal firmly."
Mindbender exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak firmly "I forgive you brother Anyan."
He groaned to feel the male's hands off his forehead to hear an odd sound. 
He frowned opening his eyes to find the male speaking "You may leave."
Mindbender heard the edge in the male's voice tone finding him eyeing him with a narrowed eyed look indicating of wanting something. He sighed and unbuckled his belt holding his sword and scabbard to hold it up towards the male in response. 
Mindbender frowned getting the male speaking "That's not what I want. Physical objects are useless to me."
He sighed and buckled his belt back onto himself and spoke firmly "My given name is Shad. I've called myself Mindbender. I still refer myself by the Mindbender name. I refused to accept being called Shad."
Mindbender clamped his mouth shut while eyeing the male to find him speaking as he felt his familiar odd sense again "That odd sense is your mind being scanned by a mind walker like I am."
He exhaled a breath hearing the voice sounding in his mind appearing to be from the male who continued blaring "Mind walkers are mostly focused onto one humanoid species here on this world named Terrania with exceptions of other humanoids having that ability. The species who has that ability is dubbed Highlander. I can't say if their the twin species from your world in this world. I am dubbed Teorjer and I come from Edenia a moon world dubbed by that name. Edenia the moon world once you glimpsed the night sky is where she is orbiting the planetary world of Terrania. It is Edenia's word and law that rules Terrania and no one else's."
Mindbender frowned finding Teorjer he assumed he'll refer him adding while speaking his words verbalized he forced to translate the words into his mind as if needing to do it.
He found himself understanding what Teorjer was speaking "This is the language the land nation your are in speaks. Its nation is dubbed by the name of Americania. The natives are ruled by a mute ruler whose title is Sun Lord. He used to rule the planetary world of Terrania entirely till Edenia sent me to here. The Sun Lord was revealed to be Terrania's planetary protector making the natives nervous of him. I told Terrania's natives in their presence that the Sun Lord will only be ruler of Americania and no longer ruler of the planetary world. I did warn the natives that I will take back my words if they didn't treat His Majesty the Sun Lord properly as ruler of Americania. I also warned the natives that there must always be a nation of Americania to keep the peace in Terrania."
Mindbender frowned as Teorjer continued sounding him his mind "I did tell the natives that war isn't the answer but peace is. The natives are slow to get it the words of peace and are still thinking of war at the moment. I believe that the message will take awhile before the natives realize it. You may go now."
He got up as if compelled to walk out of the cell looking behind him to find the door shutting followed by Hades coming into view he feeling his familiar mind scanning sense activated again. Mindbender frowned finding an image of a large metallic object flashing in his mind with an eater light burning from a bowl part of it making him confused to seeing it. 
He spoke finding the image going away and Hades giving off a familiar sound of disgust in Humanoid sound "You a mind walker as Teorjer dubs them?"
Mindbender eyed Hades who spoke he hearing via his mind "Yes but don't talk much about this publicity to people will you? I don't care to talk much about it. The mind walkers have questioned the natives with carefully worded questions who indicate that they won't accept people who have this ability as equals. Instead will outcast them to not have anything to do with them. Just don't talk about this fact to people you hear?"
Mindbender spoke "Then what's with the eater burning in a bowl in my mind?"
He got from Hades who took his arm he not resisting as if compelled to bring him to the elevator to hear on the way "That eater burning in a bowl is of a cauldron a symbol of the Terrania Unity Games to bring peace among athletes to compete in sporting events. It's also the Meritanians' sentient mind walking plants' way of keeping mind walkers out of your mind despite you able to receive talk by hearing me."
He frowned but didn't protest as Hades cut the talk by giving up a growl sounding angry to him and found himself forced into the elevator with the male. He felt the sensation of going up shocking him making him cling to Hades by hands onto the male's arm holding his arm. He kept his clingy grip till the elevator was felt stopping with a jerk he finding a hallway with walls not looking of stone to him. Mindbender frowned following Hades out once the male released his arm and got his hands' grips off. He followed Hades down a hallway spotting doors having male and female figures with Humanoid appearance but had small eyes and points jutting from their ears seen. He found their hairs was always long shoulder length regardless of them male and female while wearing sunny sky colored uniforms he assumed were they. Mindbender found Hades leading him to a door to find the pointed ear male opening it for him after rapping a fist onto it in code he figured from the number of knocks. Mindbender followed Hades inside seeing a male with earth dirt colored skin while seated on something that was soft lengthy chair rubbing a hand appearing to look gloved onto his forehead before looking in his direction with eyes seen sun colored narrowing with suspicion in them.
Mindbender kept his mouth shut as he heard from Hades loudly verbalizing his words "This is Mindbender as he wishes to be called. I found him awake in the coffin room from a coffin. He's not the mute visitor we just saw. I'm not going to say why I was in there. I believe you know why You're Majesty."
Mindbender frowned eyeing the male he figured was the Sun Lord who got up looking him up and down followed by walking up towards him he finding himself having to look down while seeing the male looking up. He found instead of fear in the eyes of natives wasn't fear from the Sun Lord but suspicion.
He heard "Talk now."
Mindbender heard that from Hades blasting in his mind spoke "Greetings, Your Majesty. I'm told that you're the Sun Lord ruler of Americania."
He clamped his mouth shut to frown with his lips while eyeing the Sun Lord who shifted to glare at a guard he figured was the pointed eared male who spoke "Says what do you know of loss of a family member hmm?"
Mindbender spoke figuring that honesty would be the best from memory of the rejection from Anyan's daughter "It's painful when you lose someone you love. I believe it takes too much time to get over the loss."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing the Sun Lord who kept on glaring at the guard he hearing "Says Hades what's the purpose of this visitor being here? Don't tempt me to order him executed."
Mindbender gulped hearing that as he continued to hear "Says he reeks of the High Council. I'm told to keep the High Council and their influence out of Terrania. I to do what it takes to see this happen. So explain yourself with this visitor now!"
He kept his eyes onto the Sun Lord he figured was a mind walker as he felt his mind scanned only to hear "The Sun Lord isn't a mind walker. It's his guards who are mind walkers all of the species Highlander actually. He communicates by having his mind scanned and they verbalize his words for him. He's mute actually."
Mindbender frowned hearing the voice sounded familiar to him to hear nothing more as his felt his mind scanning sense quit to focus onto the Sun Lord who he saw was glaring at Hades instead of at his Highlander guard. He frowned as he heard a screaming sound stiffened to see the Sun Lord kneel followed by seeing something plant colored surround the male only to get compelled to kneel which he obeyed to shut his eyes as if compelled. Mindbender saw clearly in his mind a round ball like object reminding him of the balls the kids played with that appeared to have swirly clouds on it including a sky colored area as he saw a large giant rock arrive heading towards the area. He felt fear hitting him to see sunlight rays come from the ball to hit the rock repeatedly shattering it into pieces before quitting its shining. Mindbender found himself tired abruptly but fear gone from him to open his eyes as if drawn finding the image going away. He found himself staring at the Sun Lord giving him a glare before the male got up and glared at a guard.
Mindbender heard "Says Hades the visitor dubbing himself Mindbender lives. I'll be in my room resting. Get Mindbender quarters to live in. He can't stay with me period." 
He frowned to find the Sun Lord stomping away going to a door opening it and slamming it shut with a loud bang vibration sound. Mindbender forced himself to stand up despite feeling himself some tiredness found Hades taking his arm he not resisting and found himself led out of the quarters he assumed was it. He found himself led to the elevator despite he nervous of that thing only to find Hades giving off an angry growl once he dragged his feet. Mindbender didn't say a word allowed Hades to lead him inside the elevator to feel the thing going up a bit making him clingy onto Hades' arm who ignored him. He felt the elevator quit to his relief to find the doors opening followed by Hades pulling him out to hear a loud growling noise sounding sinister. Mindbender looked finding the noise belonged to a male with cloud and night sky smooth clothing that bared fanged teeth making him grimace that gave up hissing sounds. He heard Hades give up hissing sounds followed by leading him to the male who reached out a hand placing it fully onto his chest. Mindbender felt Hades' grip off his arm as he felt pain in his neck along with dizziness in his eyesight as he found the male opening his mouth and putting it onto his neck. He then felt something like two pricks of pain onto his neck along with hearing an odd sound that sounded of sucking to him confusing him. Mindbender hearing hissing sounds from Hades sounding loudly in an angry tone as the male sucked him via the neck before licking the area with a rough tongue felt and thrusting him onto the floor which he shut his eyes feeling himself terribly weak and sleepy felt himself passing out unconscious.

Mindbender came to finding himself lying onto something soft that felt like a bed out of rich material and didn't have the familiar lumps to him. He sighed rolling over only to feel pressure of his clothes and weapons hidden on his form including pressure of his sword pressing onto his front. He ignored the pressure to keep his eyes shut till sunlight blared onto his face he feeling the warmth. Mindbender frowned feeling the sunlight become more blaring to find his eyes opening on their own to stare at the blaring sun. He groaned and rolled over onto his other side back to the sunlight shutting his eyes only to feel pressure of a hand shaking him on the shoulder.
Mindbender spoke firmly "Let me sleep or it'll be worse for you."
He heard a loud roar in response to jerk open his eyes finding the hand's owner belonged to the male that sucked his neck he finding himself terribly hungry from the hunger pains hitting him. 
Mindbender glared at the male to put a hand onto his sword's handle only to hear speaking "You reek of not washed status so get up and do something about it."
He obeyed to get up speaking "Direct me to the bath house where I can clean myself."
Mindbender heard a sound of disgust from the male in response followed by hissing noises he forced himself to translate he finding himself understanding "Where the depths did Hades pull this manoid up from anyway?"
He frowned as the male switched languages and spoke in Americanian he heard "Alright I'll teach you what you need to know involving private rooms dubbed bathroom. So come along while I show you what you need to do."
Mindbender found the male leading him to a door yanking it open to peer inside finding it not familiar and got instructions by the manoid on how to use the bathroom as if was called for hygiene as it was called. He found the male demonstrating to him on how to work the bathroom's facilities the manoid called it including what he was to do to keep himself clean which was a must for manoids. Mindbender didn't say a word in response as the male took leave of him slamming the door which he sighed and stripped himself of his clothes and weapons mostly sword with knifes hidden in his sleeves and boots. He took everything off and once naked got into the shower stall as dubbed by the male to figure out how to adjust the water to his heat toleration levels including manipulating the cold water as if compelled despite the hot water turning on blasting hot. Mindbender proceeded to use the facilities in the bathroom as if was dubbed to come out once clad in his clothes and weapons back onto their hidden spots and sword still belted around his waist. He found the male in the room with arms folded that walked up towards him he finding that they were twin heights. 
He spoke as the male made a sniffing movement "Kindly explain this sucking method you did onto my neck to put me asleep."
Mindbender got the male giving off hisses he translated "Blast Hades!"
Mindbender spoke twin language "Blast Hades for what?"
He got the male quitting his sniffing to speak still hissing away "My species is dubbed Drainer for feeding off bloody essence that flows through manoids a nourishment to survive on. That sucking doing onto your neck was how we feed with a hand touching your chest drinking your blood from within. I admit it we're known for translating many languages for manoids all over Terrania. There's a few languages that aren't translatable for us to translate. Your blood when I tasted it is of various Humanoids including Drainer hence you able to translate what I'm saying easily."
Mindbender kept his mouth shut as the Drainer he figured he'll refer him spoke "The name is Thad as my name for referring me. When two Drainers meet after not being around for three suns if you get it the term suns must speak their name or find themselves unable to talk on anything. Speaking names is Drainer greeting and gives them the ability to talk and translate languages. Without that name spoken bit the Drainer is left mindless like a gonoid. I suspect that you have that ability actually. It's proven to happen among manoids who aren't Drainers but have slight Drainer abilities such as translating languages. It's something Hades has but has to do that name greeting. Excuse me while I show you out of this room to where you're to eat including the proper way of taking in nourishment for manoids like you in question."
Mindbender didn't say a word towards the Drainer in Americanian despite the language used to follow Thad to the bedroom's door to pause to find an eyeball like creature sitting on the window still from outside making him stare warily.
He found Thad growling off his right who spoke "That's a plant dubbed Waker. Their job is to see that manoids are up from a sleeping status by removing what's blocking the sunlight dubbed by the name of window blinds. The sunlight shines through the window as it's called and blares onto manoids waking them up."
Mindbender exhaled a breath and didn't comment a response followed Thad to the eating table finding the Drainer dub it "Dining table."
He found a chair to sit in it smelling something that made his stomach rumble in response to find Thad teaching him how to use a fork, a knife and a spoon onto a tray on the table holding various dishware as it was called for holding food nourishment in it including a cup for holding drinks. Mindbender found himself terribly hungry gobbled up the food making sure he used the proper utensils as it was called for it in slow manner making him annoyed. He felt the food tasted delicious and seemed better than anything he tasted before. Mindbender once done with the food gulped down the cups' liquid with a hand holding onto them finding himself terribly thirsty. 
He gave up a noise to his shock and got whacked on the back of his head finding Thad speaking "Say excuse me for giving off that rude noise. I despise hearing it from you manoids. It's disgusting."
Mindbender cleared his throat and spoke firmly "Excuse me."
He added "Something I should be doing around here?"
Mindbender heard a loud noise of an alarm got up pulling out his sword while looking around to get Thad groaning displaying a frown. 
He frowned while putting his sword back into the scabbard to get Thad speaking "Let me show you what your hearing."
Mindbender frowned and found Thad led him to a window of the dining table next to it in the wall to find the sun going away in a fast move with clouds of a peaceful color. He frowned eyeing out the window as multiple clouds in pieces he recognized as King Winter's cold angry mood storm came falling from the clouds in a fast move.
He spoke "King Winter lives here? That's his angry mood storming outside."
He eyed Thad who spoke "Well King Winter isn't causing this ridiculous storm outside actually. Teorjer told the Americanians that King Winter isn't responsible for this storm. He did warn that the storm is common in this area of Americania that is known for cold storms actually to hit the city. Just before they hit the Guardian who's noise you heard by your actions sounds the alarm telling natives to get indoors immediately. The storm hits usually bringing death to manoids. That despite medical advances to try to bring manoids back from death which none of their methods have worked so far. They only have worked on transferring organs from death of manoids caught in it to survive in another manoid whose organ was suffering some medical ailment."
He frowned hearing that as Thad continued "That organ transfer was what happened to the Mistress the mate of the Sun Lord who suffered a medial ailment with her beater organ. I'm not even sure of why her life wound up cut short enough to surrender to death. She was rumored to live very long outliving various family members. I suspect that her living was a lesson to His Majesty on moving on from his female he had before her previously. He seemed to take the Mistress's death very well instead of acting very upset from what I've seen of him."
Mindbender frowned to hear a door knocking sound to shift towards the direction of the quarters' entrance to find a Highlander walking inside followed by the Sun Lord with suspicion still in his eyes making him gulp. He found the Sun Lord making hand gestures he finding himself struggling to get it what the male was signing about he figuring it was hand language. Mindbender frowned eyeing Thad who made hand gestures towards the Sun Lord to find them both into an intense hand language gesture rapid paced back and forth making him look away to resume glaring out the window finding the cold storm quit followed by the sun shining brightly appearing from the clouds. 
He felt a tap onto his shoulder as he stood sideways from the window to find Thad was the hand's owner who spoke "You do or you don't get it the hand language talk His Majesty and I were conversing in?"
He spoke noticing the Sun Lord still in the room "No I don't get it the hand language. I'm willing to learn."
Mindbender clamped his mouth shut while folding his arms only to find Thad grabbing a hold of his gloved hand and forming a sign with it while proceeding to teach him what was called the alphabet as the language dubbed sign language was called. He found Thad during the teaching got him to finger spell his name of Mindbender he finger spelled expertly towards the Sun Lord as insisted by the Drainer to do it. 
He found the Sun Lord finger spelling words he read "What kind of name is Mindbender anyway?"
Mindbender spoke "It's just a name I've called myself -"
He felt a hand clamp over his mouth interrupting him to find Thad teaching him the sign language for his words to sign them towards the Sun Lord. 
Mindbender frowned while eyeing the Sun Lord who signed words he finding himself understanding abruptly "Where did Hades pull this Mindbender from? Hades claims when questioned that he got him from the coffin room from some waken up status. Mindbender sounds like a name for mind walking abilities despite Hades claiming he can receive mind talk but can't do anything mind walking wise."
He formed a glare to notice Thad signing words he getting it "Hades is being weird as usual. Why do you keep him around? He's a weirdo as the Humans say when it comes to someone crazy."
Mindbender formed a glare glared at the Sun Lord to find the ruler putting hands fisted onto his sides and glaring at a Highlander who spoke "Says Hades forgot to mention that this Mindbender can get it languages like you said. He appears to get it our talk in signs. So talk on what you detected from Mindbender when you tasted his blood. I saw that sucking of yours via recorders shown to me from the guards. It happened another time after I took my rest."
Mindbender frowned to eye Thad who spoke "He's got various Humanoids in his blood I recognized Human among them including Drainer blood. He appears to have the ability to translate languages which he did that in front of me when I used a foreign language in front of him. He spoke that language I used very perfectly. I suspect that he like any Drainer hybrid might have to speak his name towards any new Drainers in greeting. Can't say what name he'll use when he does the greeting in question. I admit it I never thought of myself using the name of Thad till I spoke it in front of a Drainer for the first time in a greeting. The name of Thad sort of stuck whether I liked it or not."
He frowned forming the expression on his face while eyeing the Sun Lord who kept on glaring at a Highlander to hear "Says come along Mindbender and Thad. I might as well introduce you to the other batteries to my planetary protection powers. You, Mindbender proved to be a battery yourself by the looks of you indicating it."
He got Thad giving off a loud roar while making a fist waving gesture while stomping his feet to glare at the Drainer who cut his noises before appearing to compose himself. 
Mindbender glared at Thad to hear "Says oops forgot that you Thad are a battery who doesn't like being reminded of that fact. Despite you a descendant of a battery who was a part of triplets with twin faces."
He frowned finding Thad not commenting a response instead gave him a glare which he looked away to find the Sun Lord gesturing him to follow. 
Mindbender obeyed following the Sun Lord out of the quarters to down the hallway he hearing Thad hissing "This sucks."
He frowned to what Thad was mumbling about to find the Sun Lord stopping in front of a door to find one of the Sun Lord's guard rapping a fist onto it in code of knocks he finding the door opening to show Hades that appeared to stare at the ruler for a bit.
He recalled Hades being a mind walker to find the Drainer speaking "Yes. I get it your talk on the battery issue. Poor Thad is still throwing hissy fits again?"
He heard in response "I'm not hissy!"
Mindbender frowned hearing Thad using the hissing language to find Hades ignoring the Drainer to step aside gesturing "Come in."
He followed the Sun Lord into the quarters to find it appearing to look like a gonoid's mess to him to find a feminine form wearing all night colored clothing with night colored long hair asleep in a nest of something lumpy to him and looking more interested in sleeping than waking up to greet them. 
Mindbender kept his mouth shut while eyeing Hades as if needing to do it to find the Drainer speaking "This is Ralia a battery also a descendant of a battery. Excuse the mess but it's just to help her cope with not able to sleep in the ocean in her Orca form."
He frowned as he continued to hear from Hades "I've done what I can to keep her comfortable here."
He heard a loud hiss sounding in a feminine voice tone he figured was from Ralia kept his mouth shut in response. Mindbender didn't say a word as the Sun Lord walked out he following with Thad and guards to hear the door slam shut with a bang sound he assumed was Hades slamming it shut. 
He kept his mouth shut as he heard "Why can't Hades admit that he's a battery too instead of blaming it onto his female Ralia or whatever her name?"
Mindbender frowned hearing Thad's comment eyed the Drainer to find the male had a look of disapproval on his face as he followed the Sun Lord into the elevator. He followed with Thad staying in the elevator to his confusion but ordered to follow by the Drainer in sign language. 
Mindbender followed till the Sun Lord halted and gave him a glare before glaring at a guard he hearing "Says have this battery cover his face entirely with something. I don't want to see his face period or be reminded that he's a servant of the High Council."
He felt his mood plummet as he glared at the Sun Lord who noticed his glare resumed glaring at a guard to find the male instead of speaking the Sun Lord's words was glaring at the ruler in response. He rubbed his cheek where Anyan cut him via knife scarring the area he feeling his mood plummet further till a clapping noise interrupted his reverie. Mindbender eyed a guard to find the Sun Lord walking away further into the hallway with guards following the ruler the Highlander blocking his way of following.
He gave the guard a glare to find the male blasting in his mind "I managed to talk His Majesty out of having you wear coverage for your face. So get yourself into the elevator now as a thank you for that. You'll find Thad inside with orders for you to do so do it now."
He obeyed to get into the elevator to find Thad's hand onto his neck he glared at the Drainer's Human like face that was baring fanged teeth onto him in some sneering hissing glaring look. Mindbender glared in response as Thad without a word removed his hand off his throat and got a hold of his arm followed by getting him out of the elevator into the headquarters' entrance room he figured he'll refer it. Mindbender found a female with a mask covering her face from the nose down while wearing Drainer like clothes on her form that highlighted her figure standing in the room with arms folded. He eyed the female warily to feel compelled to remove his gloves which he obeyed finding himself jerking while walking towards the female who raised her hands up as if drawn. He jerked as his bare hands touched her hands feeling smooth and warm to the feel as he felt a charge of pleasure from the touch. 
Mindbender didn't say a word hugged the female as if compelled to find himself no longer thinking only to hear "Say your name now."
He opened his mouth and blurted "Adam."
He heard "Mindy."
It sounded from the female he was hugging as he eyed her finding her height was twin to his height. 
Mindbender felt himself annoyed with blurting the odd sounding name of Adam as he eyed Mindy who spoke "Well your not bad looking anyway."
He heard hysterical laughter from behind let go of Mindy to find Thad holding his gloves which he got tossed and put on still laughing while he was glaring at the Drainer. 
He glared to find Mindy got her hand onto his chin and heard from her "Aren't you going to invite me inside to where you're sleeping hmm?"
Mindbender didn't say a word towards Thad took Mindy's hand and went to an elevator finding the doors opening showing the Sun Lord inside with guards the ruler wearing a mask covering his head entirely. He kept his mouth shut as the Sun Lord gestured for him and Mindy to get inside which he obeyed finding the ruler not saying a word towards the both of them. He felt the elevator go down to his confusion making him annoyed to show the familiar dungeon again. 
Mindbender glared at the Sun Lord finding Mindy speaking "Yes I know every visitor to here has to see Teorjer period. Excuse me."
He watched Mindy walk out of the elevator to find the doors shutting and felt the thing going up followed by showing the entrance room he finding Thad walking inside to give off a Hmph sound. Mindbender kept his mouth shut as Thad gave off hysterical laughter again he glared at the Drainer to get clapping noises from the Sun Lord.
He glared at Thad who jabbed a finger aimed at him and spoke "His name is Adam when he said it towards the new visitor. It's a funny name anyway."
He kept the glare while glaring at Thad who noticed his glare appeared to gulp before hearing "Says I don't want to hear jokes involving people and their names. I'm still smarting from people calling me Eric instead of my titled name of Sun Lord. Quit the jokes now!"
Mindbender spoke as if compelled "I called myself Mindbender as my titled name."
He clamped his mouth shut feeling himself annoyed with what he blurt as he eyed the Sun Lord to find the ruler was glaring at a guard who spoke "Says Mindbender will be your title as I'll refer you. Just refer me as Your Majesty when it involves the Sun Lord title and no other name."
Mindbender frowned getting the Sun Lord throwing up his hands in some surrender gesture before folding his arms and looking away from a guard as he felt the elevator went down to his relief. He found Mindy admitted inside who took his hand in a gentle grip. He kept his mouth shut hearing silence from the guards in response to feel the elevator going up followed by the entrance's room in sight.
Mindbender frowned as he eyed the Sun Lord to find a guard speaking while eyeing him "Mindy as she's called will show you where to go now."
He obeyed to follow her out of the elevator into the entrance's room to find her walking out pulling his arm out of the building he looking around while fast walking. He saw the sun shining in the sky blaring brightly overhead as Mindy kept her hand hold onto his arm becoming ironclad to his annoyance. Mindbender eyed the people finding that they were Human and Drainer including other species he wasn't sure of what they were despite looking Human like to him. He frowned as Mindy got him into a place having a medical symbol on its walls to meet a manoid having sticks jutting from the top of his head that perked up seeing him while having beady night sky eyes narrowed into a glare. He frowned feeling himself annoyed at Mindy for bringing him to a healer as she was heard speaking gibberish he finding her not making sense followed by feeling mist blown into his face and he felt himself coughing repeatedly till he fell unconscious. 

He woke up with confusion running through him finding a male standing over him while he was lying on a hard ground. He eyed the male warily to find he didn't have a face instead only had orbs for the eyes to his confusion.
He heard voices speaking unsure if it was his ears or mind "I refuse! He's one of them!"
He frown as an image flashed in his mind he confused to see as he eyed the male and got up in an acrobatic move as if he had muscle memory. 
He frowned hearing the voice sounding male blaring as he continued to hear "Keep the argument out of my head now! Just argue among yourselves and leave me out it!"
He frowned further finding the voice sounded familiar to focus onto the no faced male to speak blurting to his shock "Hades."
He felt confusion to the word as he heard "Come with me now."
He stared at the male that gently took his arm and pulled him into a direction which he followed finding them both in a vast room containing boxes in rectangular shapes to his confusion. He found the boxes had figures in them that were still to his shock as the male led him out of the room to a hallway looking odd to him. He found the male led the way to a small room containing males inside that had small eyes and pointed ears wearing uniforms. 
He blurt "Highlanders."
He felt confusion hitting him as the male got him inside the small room followed by a bang sound of something blocked the way of the hallway. 
He spoke "Elevator."
He heard Hmph sounds from the male he dubbed Hades to find the elevator he figured as it was called going up in some floating movement he not surprised to feel. He didn't say a word as Hades kept a hold of his arm and then got him out of the elevator as he heard a familiar sound of a siren sounding faint. 
He found the uniformed males shutting a large door in the wall as he heard "You might want to restore his memories, Tank."
"Tank's a Meritanian?" He spoke while adding "Merra?"
He heard the confusion of his voice tone found the male with the odd face holding his wrists together and putting a hand covering his mouth. 
He stiffened as he heard "You'll be screaming once you remember."
He kept on stiffening from the voice that sounded familiar to him only to grunt as a terrible headache arrived to his head he jerking while in Hades' hand grips from memories spilling within his mind. He recalled his name was Tom aka Mindbender servant of the High Council sent to Shadan's past via travel gate that was fixed up. It was for him to act like Shad the first declared Annoyov Human, First One to serve the group. Tom grunted from the memories spilling into his mind with annoyance taking hold as he felt his mind continued to be scanned. He continued to remember fully that he went through the travel gate without any clothes on. Tom recalled grimacing he was found by Lance Richard wearing masked High Council servant wear that called him Shad despite no memory of who he was fully in mind. Tom recalled Lance Richard got him and himself an exchange of clothes followed by taking over the places of two males dubbing themselves Anyan and Shad that were already twins to their appearance. He recalled that both males Anyan and Shad were found in a field with fatal sword wounds on them as there were two horses grazing nearby to indicate both men had a fight to the death duel. Tom continued to recall fully that Lance Richard seemingly acting like he knew who he was and who the males was despite he clueless got them both to wear the clothes of the dead males and buried them into the ground before getting onto the horses and let the gonoids had their head. He kept on recalling Shad's memories with disgust running through him as Hades he saw removed his hand off his mouth and wrists. Tom didn't say a word towards Hades instead felt annoyance take hold.
He recalled Barry approached him in the barroom "I want you in my quarters for a private talk."
He obeyed to follow Barry into the male's quarters to find him questioning what he knew of Shad's life. 
Tom stiffened recalling what he said in response to Barry's questions "I and Shad are the same person."
He recalled the Berserker willed it forwards hearing nothing from Hades as he ran fingers through his long hair feeling himself annoyed with the High Council and their latest mission. He felt disgust take hold didn't say a word as he rubbed his head while yanking onto the strands in tearing moves he feeling his mood bad again. 
Tom felt his mind scanned to recalled the names of Tank and Merra to mentally speak "Ramses had a hissy fit after he transported you, Merra off Shadan."
He felt his mind scanned in response to continue on mentally speaking "Erra and Terra threw a hissy fit against Ramses for that transportation of Merra off Shadan. Something I'm not sure what got them working again this time playing jokes onto the High Council. A servant was roped into helping the High Council into counterattack the Meritanians' jokey behavior."
He kept his mind blank in response to hear "Interesting. Anything else you're not admitting?"
He sighed recognizing Tank's familiar voice mentally spoke in response "A Wiser for some reason did some manipulating and got two extra Meritanians to live where the both of you were formerly living in the ocean. Their names are Walls for male-"
Tom was interrupted "Kiddy for female. Yeah we know who those two are from your mind. Their offsprings of Merra and I our first offsprings actually. The both of them managed to grow enough to live in the ocean hence that Wiser putting them there. Anything else?"
Tom heard Tank's voice had the edge in his voice tone sounding like the Meritanian wasn't going to fully say his thought. He mentally spoke in response after willing aside the Berserker the exact reason why he was clad in his clothes including mentioning being manipulated by the High Council to go through a travel gate for that. 
He added talking about the memories of what he forgot and added "I don't understand how I could have forgotten myself when I went through. Lance Richard went through and appeared to know who he was fully despite I not."
Tom frowned to hear in response "Excuse me while I transport you someplace."
He found himself transported into a metallic hallway while hearing alarms sounding with red lights flashing. It made him yank out his sword out of habit which he put away and put his hands up while hearing multiple ahem sounds behind him. Tom turned around to find Anubis and Falcons facing him that grabbed his arms and without a word pushed and pulled him not resisting further down the hallway. He found the three led him to a room he saw wasn't of the High Council's throne room instead appeared to hold various Highlanders in it working at consoles to notice a High Council member seated in the middle of the room. Tom kept his mouth shut as he was hauled towards the High Council member and forced to kneel in front of the Highlander he assumed was a male. He kept his mouth into a thin line as the Highlander held up a gnarled bony hand making him confused to see and placed it onto his forehead he grimacing from his mind scanned. Tom sensed nothing to indicate the Meritanians fully in his mind as the mind scanning seemed lengthy to his annoyance. He kept the glare while feeling the Falcons' grips onto him remain ironclad. Tom kept his mouth into a thin line as the mind scanning seemed lengthy then quit by the Highlander removing his hand in some hot water move and hearing a gasp sound. He kept the glare as the Highlander resumed placing his hand onto his forehead and kept up the mind scanning. He heard multiple gasping from the Highlander making him annoyed. 
Tom felt annoyance take hold as the Highlander quit his gasping to hear loudly "He came from Shadan from the High Council!"
He exhaled a breath hearing the Highlander's voice as he continued to hear "Interesting what does the High Council say about Terrania this time?"
Tom frowned finding the voice sounded different and not of the Highlander this time in a feminine voice. He found the Highlander kept on mind scanning him he kept the glare he hearing Sinister roaring within the back of his mind. He kept the glare as the Highlander removed his hand and made a shooing gesture. 
Tom found Anubis and Falcons hauling him up into a standing position followed by hearing "Orders to do with this assassin?"
He heard sounded of Anubis's loud whisper to hear loudly "Just bring him to me now!"
Tom heard the feminine voice sounding alien to him to frown finding Anubis and Falcons got him out of the room to push and pull him further down a maze or corridors meeting no one on the way. He found the three got him into a room that suspiciously reminded him Seventy's room from Rakcara where Seventy was doing was spending time typing to the computer. He got forced to kneel to glare at the projection screen in front of him that showed colors to his annoyance in a mirage of rainbows. 
He kept the glare as the voice he figured was of a Highlander female hooked up was heard again "Interesting that this assassin is dressed inappropriately for meeting me on Terrania. Talk assassin on what's your assassin name by the High Council."
Tom obeyed to speak firmly "It's Mindbender."
He heard in response "Computing."
Tom frowned hearing the voice sounded feminine and electronic tones as there were multiple beeping noises heard followed by hearing "Mindbender found one hundred percent match."
He kept his mouth into a thin line hearing the voice to glare at the projection to find the Highlander female speaking "Dump this servant onto the Sun Lord to have responsibility for."
He found Anubis and Falcons released him to find himself kneeling on metallic floor that resembled stone while hearing gun cocking sounds sounding in the room. Tom raised his head while raising his hands in a surrender gesture he finding himself surrounded by Highlanders wearing familiar uniforms of blue colors. He didn't comment a response to his mind scanned abruptly only to find two of the Highlanders in front of him putting away their guns and going up to him one tapping him on the shoulder and making a come gesture. Tom obeyed to follow the Highlanders he noticing a symbol for the United States' flag on the wall to his confusion. He didn't comment a response as the Highlanders got him to follow them into an elevator which he folded his arms and waited as the elevator was felt going down followed by showing the familiar dungeon like area dripping of water from memory of it. Tom kept his mouth shut as the Highlanders led the way to an open doorway he seeing no one inside the room as he walked into it. He heard a bang sound behind him to spin around yanking out his sword out of habit to find the room's door had slammed shut behind him. Tom felt annoyance take hold in response put away the sword and felt his familiar filming sense hitting him to look around the room to spot a camera dome in the ceiling and spotted a small Meritanian sized plant in the corner. He felt compelled to walk to the bare corner of the room and sit down as he eyed the plant warily he figured was one of Merra and Tank's offsprings. He sat down and felt himself urged to shut his eyes he yawned abruptly from the tiredness hitting him. He felt himself passing out unconscious.

Tom came to hearing a banging sound to jerk open his eyes he finding the door to the room was open and found four Highlanders in the room wearing the familiar uniforms. One seen banging his gun weapon onto the door in a loud moves. He got up as the Highlanders thrust their guns aimed at him he kept his arms folded and eyed the middle of them to his shock to see a male figure standing there. Tom found the figure was entirely wearing black clothes that was twin to Jason's clothes but this time had a head cover mask that only showed eye plates of golden eyes seen that appeared to look Human and were narrowed with a glare in them. He kept his mouth shut waiting for the male figure he wasn't sure who he was. 
He frowned as the male looked at a Highlander and heard "Says state your name now stranger."
Tom exhaled a breath hearing that from the Highlander inhaled and spoke "Mindbender."
He felt himself annoyed with what he said despite his name was Tom. 
Tom kept the frown while staring at the covered up male to again hear from the Highlander "Says why did the Shonsurrans dump you onto us hmm?"
He spoke firmly recalling the truth was the best on what he heard and eavesdropped from the Shonsurrans he assumed were the members of the High Council living in Terrania the planetary world he was on. 
Tom kept his mouth into a thin line to hear "Says interesting but what do you know of Terrania and their views towards the High Council in question?"
He spoke firmly "I get the impression that the High Council is seen in a bad way. I don't care to serve that group on Terrania as long as I return to the world I came from."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line finding the Highlander speaking "This is His Majesty the Sun Lord ruler of Terrania who protects the planetary world with his powers from disaster destruction."
Tom didn't say a word in response felt a compulsion to get onto one knee and didn't say a word as he obeyed. He eyed the Sun Lord he figured was the male wearing black clothing to find himself urged to bring his other knee onto the ground. Tom frowned as the Sun Lord kneeled abruptly to see a ring of watery green water surround the male as the Highlanders gathered around backed away with nervousness seen. He felt a compulsion to shut his eyes obeyed while willing forwards the Berserker hearing gasps sounds. He ignored the gasping to focus onto a machinery's point of view showing a satellite orbiting Terrania. He spotted an asteroid making a collusion course towards the planet he glimpsed was entirely of water with multiple islands. Tom continued to watch via his mind as there were lasers arriving from the planet to hit the asteroid into multiple pieces till nothing but dirt remained. He felt himself exhausted abruptly to open his eyes willing aside the Berserker to find the Sun Lord was standing in the room surrounded by guards. He frowned eyeing the Sun Lord to realize with a start that his mind was altered for him to view a scene from a mind walker he figured was from the Meritanian plant in the room. Tom eyed the Sun Lord who appeared to be studying him by Human golden eyes seen narrowing as if focusing onto his face. He met the Sun Lord's eyes without fear in them despite noticing the Highlanders had fear expressions in their eyes darting from him to the Sun Lord. Tom frowned forming it on his lips as he found the Sun Lord looking away to stare at a Highlander. 
He heard "Says get him out of the brig to the hospital where he can get checked out immediately."
Tom didn't comment a response as two of the guards walked up towards him and made gestures to come which he obeyed to follow them out of the jail cell into the familiar hallway to the elevator. He found guards inside that appeared to look at him nervously. Tom ignored their nervous expressions to find the guards getting him into the lobby of the building and found Hades there blocking his way of compelled walking towards the door entrance. 
Tom grunted an annoyed sound as Hades thrust a finger onto his chest and spoke "You're not going anywhere Mindbender."
He removed Hades' finger off his chest to find Hades was again touching him this time fingers onto his neck. 
Tom spoke firmly "I know you're a Drainer that drinks bloody essence in manoids' bodies. Spare bothering my neck with your hand and get this biting over with."
He gave Hades a glare in response to hear from the Drainer in response "Alright since you said it."
Tom didn't protest as Hades proceeded to get him into a lock hold and had managed to bite his neck he grimacing from the biting. He kept on grimacing as Hades sucked his blood he hearing an Argh sound followed by the Drainer licking the bite wound clothes and pushing him onto the floor. Tom sat on the floor feeling himself dizzy and forced himself to stare at the metallic floor willing aside the dizziness. He kept on staring at the floor as Hades was heard giving off another Argh sound. He heard silence from Hades to find the Drainer was staring at a Highlander he figured was mind scanning the male's mind. He got up once the dizziness spell passed and folded his arms to frown feeling his feet refused to budge from their standing position. He kept his arms folded feeling annoyance take hold. Tom waited as Hades quit the Argh to focus onto him he finding the Berserker side thrown in abruptly. 
Tom heard as the Berserker took control "Why are you displaying that odd side of yours despite me mentally communicating towards you hmm?"
He mentally willed aside the Berserker and spoke loudly "Mind walkers giving me mind talk will always trigger what I dub Berserker to come out. It doesn't work with plants like Meritanians. I can't say if that would work with the Meritanians' offsprings."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line to hear a growl from Hades to glare at the Drainer as he heard via his ears "Aw get yourself to the hospital and get yourself checked out now."
Tom spoke firmly "I don't know where that is in this city whatever name it is."
He clamped his mouth shut to hear a bang sound of a door to find two Drainers giving him teeth baring glares coming into view via entrance to the room marched up to him. Tom frowned as the Drainers grabbed a hold of his arms and pulled and pushed him out of the building into the blaring sunlight he looking around at the city that reminded him of New York City. He found crosswalk lights flashing symbols in vicinity as the Drainers got him down the steps of the building and into the street ignoring the lumbering car vehicles as in getting into the way of them. Tom frowned finding stoplights blaring colors to find the traffic of vehicles was controlled by a Highlander standing in the middle of the road making gestures towards vehicles to move and stop. Tom gave up an Hmph sound as the Drainers got him walking through the city he found was twin to New York City from the looks of it. He found multiple manoids that appeared to have Human like appearances but this time had odd hair colors and were wearing odd fashions. Tom frowned as the Drainers got him further into the city he noticing multiple Drainers wandering around that gave him glares when they caught him eyeing them. He frowned as the Drainers got him further down the street to reach a familiar building that resembled a hospital from the looks of it to get inside. He found the Drainers got him into a hallway to forced him to kneel. He kneeled and waited seemingly lengthy as a manoid with sticks jutting from the head perked up seeing him he spotted had black beady eyes and wings of a Gate Keeper aka monarch butterfly sticking out of his back. Tom frowned as the Drainers spoke gibberish towards the Gate Keeper he assumed was the species and didn't protest as they got him to stand. He found himself pushed and pulled to follow the Gate Keeper further into the hospital to notice it resembled a Human's hospital he spotted equipment sitting forlorn and not in use. Tom frowned as the Drainers got him into an elevator that went up seemingly lengthy followed by thrust out. He walked out with the Drainers thrusting him to a door finding the Gate Keeper stepping aside holding a syringe which he found was injected into his neck he feeling himself sleepy felt himself passing out unconscious.

Tom woke up with memories of Mindbender fully in his mind he feeling confused to why he wasn't clad in his clothes while lying naked on the bed. He felt restraints holding him in place jerked open his eyes once he felt needles sticking into his form giving him pain. Tom found masked Gate Keepers injecting needles all over his front and not sparing his sensitive part to his annoyance. He gave the Gate Keepers a glare in response as he felt a familiar vibration coming from the needles in his skin from the injection site. Tom didn't say a word as he felt compelled to will forwards the Berserker obeyed despite finding the needles remained attached to him. Tom frowned as the vibration seemed lengthy then quit followed by compelled to will aside the Berserker. He obeyed to find himself sleepy shut his eyes only to wake them when he felt an itchy feeling on his neck. Tom found himself lying in bed clad only in a dress that felt like a too short hospital gown as he felt his neck continued to itch. He irritate brought a hand to the area to feel fingers of a Drainer to glare at a familiar female Drainer he recognized from Mindbender's memories was dubbed Mindy. He kept the glare aimed at Mindy as she spoke gibberish as she quit touching his neck. Tom found himself able to translate the gibberish she spoken he recognized as one of the hissing languages of Rakcara spoken in Human's English wording term. 
He found her saying "Anything on this Adam as he calls himself?"
Tom frowned to recall it was the name he called himself after meeting Mindy despite his name was something else. 
He kept his mouth into a thin line finding a Gate Keeper joining Mindy in view and speaking "Adam is a very unusual for a Human. The size of him indicates his unusual form. He has some kind of alien form hidden within his body that he can at will bring it out. It's oddly triggered by mind walkers mentally speaking to him."
Tom found the Gate Keeper this time had golden eyes of a Human and not the beady black eyes as he focused onto Mindy as if compelled. He frowned as Mindy forced his eyes shut in response he finding himself passing out unconscious to come to hearing a roaring noise sounding in his ear. He jerked open his eyes finding Mindy gone along with the golden eyed Gate Keeper to find his familiar two Drainer escorts giving him tooth baring glares. 
One of the Drainers spoke "About time you woke up."
Tom frowned hearing the language was Basic as the Drainers got him out of bed and thrust him his familiar clothes and weapons he put on expertly while  noticing them staring at him unblinkingly. Tom ignored the staring as he felt himself relieved to have his weapons and clothes back onto his form as the Drainers grabbed his arms and pulled and pushed him to an elevator. He wound up inside being dropped from the Drainers' hands' holds to fall down in a lengthy time period to his confusion. He felt confusion to why he was dreaming himself as Mindbender and Tom back and forth within his mind as he fell into the darkness further feeling nothingness all around him.

Tom came to finding himself lying on a bed with feet sticking off the edges. He jerked open his eyes to find a female sitting on the bed holding his hand he frowned finding she reminded him of someone despite her white hair and wrinkled face. He eyed the female warily to find the Sun Lord kneeling next to the bed eyeing the female with an apparent pleading look on his face and eyed look of love he recognized. 
Tom frowned eyeing the female who's voice he heard mentally spoken sounding in his mind "My Eric is in denial that he's losing me and won't have a purpose to live on without me. That other than being Terrania's planetary protector and ruler of the nation of Americania. I know your purpose here is to help him heal on with that actually."
Tom frowned eyeing the female who forced his eyes shut to blink his eyes discovering himself kneeling while facing Nikolas who removed his hands from his forehead and gestured for him to leave. He obeyed to walk out of the room finding the hallway led to the elevator that was open showing the Sun Lord inside with guards. He walked inside with hands up noticing the Sun Lord's guards having handguns in their hands pointed aimed at him. Tom frowned eyeing the Sun Lord warily as he felt the elevator go up then stop followed by Hades walking inside and felt his mind scanned. 
He frowned as he heard blared in his mind "Help Eric acknowledge what Niya his female is trying to tell him."
He figured the voice was from Hades to see the male give a short head bob as the elevator was felt going up not too lengthy followed by following the Sun Lord out. He followed the guards and Hades having a hand on his arm to a door that opened by a female Highlander in a uniform. Tom looked to find the room was like an apartment as he spotted an older female Human sitting on the couch with hair completely white he figured was dying and that Eric was in denial about her. Tom frowned halting once inside the apartment by Hades gripping his arms from behind to find Eric going to the female he assumed was dubbed Niya and kneeling in front of her with a look in his eyes that suggested he loved the female. He eyed Eric as Niya took Eric's hand and gentle held it before lying back on the couch and got the Sun Lord displaying tears via his eyes and looking upset to him. Tom willed forwards the Berserker sensing Hades not protesting to it.
He mentally spoke broadcasting to Eric hearing Hades' thoughts he figured was telling him to speak to the Sun Lord "Terrania needs you to protect her. Americania needs you to keep the nation united and alive as their ruler. You are valued and needed. I know what your feeling Eric. I sacrificed Raisa and her son for keeping Americania underneath a ruler and united alive for the sakes of peace. Niya is not the end of your life but a new beginning. Believe me I gave up ruling Americania for you to take my place. I knew you needed a purpose to live. You do have a purpose whether you recognize it or not."
Tom paused hearing Hades paused to continue to eye Eric who bowed his head and appeared to let himself into his grief of losing Niya. He frowned while eyeing Eric who appeared to allow himself to his grief before appearing to compose himself and got up picking up Niya to carry her to the door. 
Tom felt Hades let go of him followed by the Drainer seen blocking Eric's way and holding up his hands he hearing "I'll take her." 
He willed aside the Berserker as Eric gave Niya's body to Hades who gripped in a gentle grip and carried her out of the room followed by the Sun Lord giving him a glare and pointing a finger aimed at the door. Tom didn't protest walked out of the apartment to spot a female appearing to look Human with blonde hair entering the apartment he found Hades in the hallway that walked towards the elevator he compelled to follow. He followed Hades to the elevator to feel the thing going down not lengthy followed by the Drainer walking out he following as if compelled to find a door looking metallic in the hallway having a shield highlighted by two devices off the walls. Tom frowned following Hades out to get thrust Niya's body he gripped and found Hades putting his hand into the shield to hear a beep sound followed by the force field going out with the metallic door opening. He followed Hades into the door's room seeing it was familiar from being in there that contained bodies of the dead as he followed Hades walking pass coffins some empty some holding bodies inside them he glimpsed. Tom frowned finding Hades stopping at a platform holding two coffins on it which he followed and found the Drainer opening one coffin by a hand pressing onto the glass cover. He placed Niya inside the coffin then stepped back eyeing Hades who closed the coffin's cover to hear a loud screech sound loudly. Tom grimaced from the noises to find the other coffin he glimpsed himself wearing odd clothing inside's lid open followed by seeing the male's eyes open. He found himself facing a gate in a forest as if transported to there and without a word walked into the gate getting an image of the High Council's gate room. Tom walked out of the gate to feel the Falcons' familiar gloved hands gripping his arms as he was pulled with blurring speeds to the High Council's throne room he finding the Speakers had their heads bowed. Tom felt his mind scanned to again get the familiar image of a lighted cauldron flashing in his mind making him confused. 
He heard as he eyed the Speakers after they raised their heads "Why is Mindbender's mind altered to prevent us from scanning him, Meritanians?"
Tom heard "Actually that's not us Meritanians doing it. Its Tank a Meritanian I transported off Shadan giving us Meritanians a message that said that he's alive and well with Merra our sister plant hence the alterations done onto Mindbender's mind indicating that both are alive. We recognized Merra and Tank's handy work via the mind of Mindbender including that both are alive elsewhere on another planetary world. Sorry High Council but there's nothing we can do to fix the alterations done to Mindbender's mind. If you want to scan him you'll have to either ask us or have him give permission by touching him anywhere on his skin for a mental mind scan. I highly doubt that the Speakers will allow Mindbender to go up to you anyway their trained to keep anyone from going to you period which doesn't matter who it is. So think of something else anyway."
Tom frowned forming the expression on his face to eye the High Council seeing the group going into a discussion followed by hearing from Shad "Transport Mindbender to the Zesky Hospital now for a medical examination."
He stiffened as he felt himself transported to the Zesky Hospital's bedroom to find Jason walking inside the room with Breaker accompanying him. Tom saw Jason do a double take look looking shocked by the widen eyes he recalled he was still clad in the Terrania's Zeskaya's clothes on his form. 
He spoke as if compelled "I just come back from a visit to see Alexei's missing son. He's doing alright being alive and living very lengthy. The other Zeskaya ship is safe and contained. It's where I got these clothes I'm wearing."
Tom clamped his mouth shut feeling himself annoyed with his blurting. He eyed Jason to find Breaker whispering into the male's ear he not hearing the words. Tom frowned forming it onto his lips as Jason rubbed hand over his eyes looking like he was upset and crying to him before the male composed himself and shook his head. 
He frowned as Jason formed a glare and spoke "Anyhow Meritanians if you can hear me transport someone who'll explain everything regarding what's happening involving him on Shadan now."
He saw a light flash to find Barry from his senses blaring appear forming a glare on the male's face making him gulp. 
Tom gulped as Barry spoke "Jason, for respects see that Tom gets something to wear that is appropriate for his life on Shadan. Tom, hand Jason your clothes now. You can get them tested for any DNA traces if you like. Alexei developed a test for that involving the clothes worn by various people."
Tom didn't say a word stripped himself of the clothes and handed them to Jason who without a word left the room with Breaker as he shifted to eye Barry. He found Barry going to sit in an armchair and got the male jabbing a finger aimed at him and towards a doorway he figured led to the bathroom. He exhaled a breath and without a word went into the bathroom figuring out what to use it for.

Tom came out clad in a rugby top in grey and jeans in blue on his form with black socks and white shoes of sneakers on his feet. He felt his hair that was pulled back into a braid after finding the hairbrush for it including a hair band. Tom went to Barry to kneel in front of the Builder finding the male had eyes shut with a concentration look on his face. 
He kneeled figuring to himself that Barry was concentrating onto seeing something kept his mouth shut in response till the Builder spoke "Montreal Junior what do you know of this person?"
He eyed Barry that opened his eyes eyeing him back which he spoke firmly "Nothing. I've been feeling like off planet elsewhere than on Shadan hiding somewhere for an unknown certain amount of time."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line to get Barry speaking "Alright the presses have been blaring you as a relative of Jinks himself possibly an offspring aka Montreal Junior himself."
Tom felt his mood flatten hearing Barry's words as the Builder continued talking "The offspring issue was brought up by someone in the presses claiming Jinks fathered you as an official explanation to why your on Shadan instead of the excuse of arriving via King Winter himself. The presses had a field day with that claim and declared it true hence your marriage to Victoria is invalid."
He felt his mood plummet further as Barry gave him a golden eyed glare which he exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak "I'm not in a good mood from what I'm hearing."
Tom clamped his mouth shut as Barry spoke "The excuse claim of brother and sister invalidating marriages hasn't been used in a lengthy time period. Hence the public making a field day on that issue in question. It's been awhile since that claim was used to break up a marriage between a couple despite cheating and infidelity was used to do this marriage breakups in question as usual."
Tom willed himself to calm despite feeling angry as Barry kept talking "Also the claim of brother and sister was used based on your appearance looks of your unusual hair length instead of acknowledging that you used to be Hades. The subject of Hades seems to be a forbidden subject something the public is refusing to acknowledge or talk about. Hence it assumed that males with your hair length was fathered by Jinks himself due to his hair length in question is twin to yours. It's something that is considered unusual among males."
He breathed deeply through his nose forcing himself to calm as he heard "Jinks has been pointed out as the one responsible for that unusual hair length among males as in fathering you and those males in question. The fathering is very strongly held by the public despite denials by the males insisting that they weren't fathered by Jinks but someone else and using Hades for the reason for their unusual hair length. The public has balked believing them instead kept on believing that Jinks is the responsible party for their unusual hair length like their believing towards you in question."
He groaned softly to frown forming it on his face as Barry gave him a golden eyed glare which he spoke "I'm just not happy with what I've heard. I don't have a purpose to do anything other than assassinating people while living on Shadan. I was counting on my relationship towards Victoria to give me a purpose but now I don't have a purpose at the moment. What can I do now?"
Tom frowned while eyeing Barry with pleading to find the Builder speaking Builder chatter to find himself in Jinks' apartment in the hallway to groan softly before getting up and felt compelled to go in a direction. He obeyed to find himself going to Jinks' gym room to find the double doors open and Jinks inside doing a mediation while kneeling from the looks of him. 
Tom frowned to hear "Don't lurk in the doorway Tom."
He exhaled a breath and went into the room to kneel next to Jinks as if compelled to again hear from the male "Where have you been Tom?"
He sighed and spoke as if compelled "Just hiding somewhere out of sight out of embarrassment for not realizing what's going on towards Victoria."
Tom clamped his mouth feeling himself shocked with what he said as he found Jinks looking at him with an all black eyed glare making him gulp. 
He spoke feeling himself annoyed for being compelled to talk while feeling himself filmed "I went by the name of Tom Thunder publicity. Thunder is the first name but I went by various last names while outliving various people raising me on Shadan. I seemed to have inherited your longevity sir."
He clamped his mouth shut feeling himself annoyed with what he blurt to find Jinks getting up and without a word found the male going up towards him to force him to stand. Tom frowned as Jinks got him out of the room shutting the double doors while again giving him a glare. 
He spoke "I'm just blurting what I'm compelled to speak words coming out of my mouth I'm not thinking of speaking."
He again clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Jinks to hear a loud meow to find Samantha, Jinks' all black cat on the male's shoulder rubbing her face onto Jinks' head from the looks of it. 
He sighed to frown as Jinks' eyes turned human blue looking to get from the male as he got a hold of Snowy "Go practice karate in the gym room. Ignore the filming in there. It's set for my own cable channel to record me doing karate into there. I figured the public wants to see you doing the karate. So get out of my sight now."
Tom exhaled a breath and went into the gym room shutting the double doors and with a groan proceeded to do karate focusing onto what he was taught by Humans this time. He ignored his Freeloader taught training to feel like wanting to do the boxer's bag. Tom obeyed to kick, foot and punch the boxer's bag before he heard a loud clapping noise. He halted the karate to find Willingham the butler at the doorway with double doors open. 
Tom frowned as Willingham spoke "Your Father wants you in the dining room to eat with him."
He exhaled a breath hearing the firmness voice tone of Willingham which he without a word left the gym room hearing the butler shut the doors to hear a Tsk sound from the male behind him. 
Tom shifted to glare at Willingham to get from the butler "The Master expects you to eat and drink everything on the table for you. Your still undergoing testing on what nourishments you can survive on other than obviously outgrowing the herbal tea drink in question."
He groaned softly and without a word went to the dining room to find Jinks at the head eating and drinking which he spotted nourishment holders off the male's left sighed and went to take in the nourishment. He copied Jinks eating the food using the fork awkwardly in his right hand to get the male giving him a glare. Tom sighed and exchanged fork with his left hand at Jinks' jabbing via fork aimed at him. He found himself able to grip the fork better and ate the food copying Jinks finding it taste fine to him and seemed on the warm soft side. Tom frowned as he forced himself to eat all the food followed by sipping the drink of milk from the taste till he once done sat back and heard himself give off a sound to his confusion. 
He frowned as Jinks he saw gave him a glare and got from the male "Your supposed to say excuse me for giving off that rude noise involving nourishment."
Tom sighed and spoke "Excuse me. It's the first time I've given off this noise in question."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Jinks who without a word got up and found the male stomping out of the room without a backwards' glance towards him. He exhaled a breath and got up figuring that he'll go to the gym room and work off his nourishment. Tom walked out only to meet Willingham who blocking his way who gave off annoying Tsk sound. 
He glared at Willingham with arms folded to get from the butler "Go to the TV room and take a nap now. Your skin is displaying this blue lined look indicating you not well rested actually Mister Thunder."
Tom looked at his hand to discover it was what Willingham said and without a word towards the butler went to the TV room to the couch to sit leaning back and shut his eyes feeling himself terribly tired. He felt himself passing out unconscious to come to hearing a familiar sound of an alarm clock blaring in his ear. Tom jerked open his eyes to discover Willingham standing next to him holding a recorder in his hand. 
He got up with a start to find Willingham speaking "Go to your bedroom now and sleep off this sickness. Enough time has passed for you to lie down now."
Tom frowned but spoke "Would the bedroom be the spare bedroom belonging to the Master?"
He got from Willingham in response "His daughter's former room is where you're staying till this mess of you declared his offspring is straightened out. Don't ask me how to fix this mess in question."
Tom frowned but didn't say a word towards Willingham instead went to Victoria's former bedroom to go to the bed to adjust the pillow once lying down in a sit up position and then shut his eyes feeling himself still tired. He came to hearing a siren like noise he figured was the High Council's ringer to jerk open his eyes finding himself in the group's throne room. Tom glared finding himself lying on the floor instead of held up by the Falcons to swing himself up to stand with arms folded. He found Barry in the room appearing to have a concentration look on his face while seeing the Speakers had heads bowed. Tom frowned to find a High Council's servant in the room that thrust him folded cloth while speaking an ahem sound. He groaned softly and exchanged his clothes to the masked High Council's servant wear finding a head cover mask included.
Tom got ordered by the servant "Fix your hair to hide it from being seen now."
He obeyed to adjusted his hair into a balled style and put on the head cover mask he finding another servant in the room appearing in a light show wearing twin head cover mask like his. 
Tom frowned as the servant spoke "Your mission is to free one Victoria Montreal from a hostage situation the High Council has nothing to do with it. Your both are to use whatever force you can use including deadly force to free Victoria from containment. So transport them out to where they can do the job now."
He found himself in a box smelling of garbage to him and empty with a growl forced himself out of the bin to find himself in an alleyway ending in glaring lights of emergency flashing seen. He gave up an Hmph sound and willed forwards the Berserker as if compelled to find a door in the wall he forced open to go inside. Tom walked inside the warehouse from the looks of it containing boxes while seeing an overhead light shining in a corner. 
He heard loudly "So nice of you to join us Mister Thunder. Spare me the mask you're wearing hiding your identity. I know who you are actually so take it off now or else."
Tom frowned hearing Builder's chatter to find himself yanking off the mask and walking forwards towards the light to find Victoria he saw looking asleep while underneath the spotlight chained to the chair. He looked around finding a recorder aimed at Victoria as a figure arrived into the spotlight making his senses blaring warning unexpectedly. He frowned eyeing the male dressed in army combative wear while wearing a black head cover mask covering the head entirely as he heard Builder's chatter come from the male sounding in a familiar voice tone making his senses again blare warning. He felt himself going towards Victoria to find that the female was her unconscious and got tossed a knife from the male a Builder he assumed. Tom found himself holding onto the knife by the handle and thrusting it to Victoria's face in a fast move while eyeing the recorder forming a fear expression on his face unnoticed by the Builder. 
He kept the expression as the Builder was heard speaking in Summeran while eyeing the recorder "Nice try Mister Montreal on sending your assassin, excuse of a son, to free Victoria. I admit it, it was I who broke up their marriage in question with the claim of brother and sister relationship actually. Presses believed me when I used my Builder voice talent orders onto them. Don't try anything funny Mister Montreal. I can see everything within my mind like an all seeing deity. I saw you roped the High Council into getting this assassin to me. Well nice try again. Anyway just do what I say or I'll have this assassin cut his pretty wife's face."
Tom gulped but kept the fear expression on his face while still holding onto an unconscious Victoria to hear nothing from Jinks as the male spoke Builder chatter to find himself making a cut mark onto Victoria's cheek with the knife making him grimace doing it. Tom sensed Victoria waking up by Builder's voice talent orders groaned softly while still holding onto the knife as he felt the Berserker side willed away. He kept on holding the knife to her face to sense her waking up but sensed confusion from her as he saw her eyes eyeing him. 
He kept his mouth shut in a thin line with fear displayed on his face while eyeing the Builder who he heard spoke in Summeran "You'll say or do anything for your daughter's freedom Mister Montreal. Don't deny it I can hear the desperation in your voice tone. How does it feel to be helpless with nothing that you can do to prevent me from ordering Tom from cutting your pathetic excuse of a daughter's throat?"
He sensed awareness from Victoria as he continued to eye the Builder to find himself ordered to put the knife to her throat. 
He again heard "Believe me she should have died and remained dead despite surviving my pathetic attempts to put her down while she was a mewing baby. Don't yell at me Mister Montreal! I'm not Kennidis as you claim I am-"
He frowned as the Builder cut himself off followed by hearing vulgarity words aimed at Jinks from the language followed by the male speaking loudly in Summeran "You bastard! You damned bastard! You sent Tom as bait for a trap to catch me! I can see the cops gathered around the warehouse at the moment! Don't think you'll have a daughter once this is over with!"
Tom heard a beep sound to find the recorder bending down in a fast move followed by the male speaking Builder's chatter to find himself willing forwards the Berserker and dropping the knife onto the ground. 
Tom heard frustration from the Builder's voice tone as he mentally spoke while eyeing the male "Mind die."
He heard silence from the Builder followed by the male collapsing onto the ground with form still. Tom willed aside the Berserker to kiss Victoria on the lips feeling her kissing him back before gently putting her down onto the ground and saw her shut her eyes she appearing to fall asleep from the looks of it. He freed her from her chains then walked away going back the same way he went to the dumpster to be transported to the High Council's throne room. 
Tom heard from the servant "Give me your clothes now."
He obeyed to yank everything off of him till he was naked to find himself transported to a bathroom from the looks of it indicating Jinks' spare bedroom's bathroom which he figured he'll shower. Tom sensed himself stared at while cleaning himself of the stink of the dumpster to figure from senses blaring that it was Jinks doing it. He came out of the shower stall to find Jinks thrusting him a towel while displaying the Master in his eyes. Tom didn't say a word towards Jinks took the towel then dried himself thoroughly before thrust clothes he found was a grey rugby top and jeans which he put on along with the socks and sneakers for it. He didn't say a word towards Jinks as he brushed his hair and fixed it up into a braid before staring at the male with a frown while giving off an ahem sound. Tom didn't comment as Jinks ordered him to follow which he obeyed to find them going to the elevator. He frowned finding Jinks giving the order to someplace he not sure where to find them getting out of the elevator to a table room having High Council's language written writing on the doors he assumed the language was dubbed that. He frowned as he followed Jinks into a Table meeting room to find the male sitting down onto a chair opposite from the door while thrusting his legs crossed onto the table and folding his arms. Tom sighed softly and folded his arms while eyeing the door warily to find it open showing Alina Visser with grey in her hair that paused seeing him with a frown while accompanied with two males in suits one carrying a briefcase. He frowned as Alina sat down in a chair opposite from Jinks to find one of the males putting the briefcase onto the table and pulling out a familiar device he recognized as a recorder and heard a beep noise from the device. He exhaled a breath sensing himself filmed from the device to hear nothing from Jinks in response as he eyed Alina with a frown. 
Tom frowned as Alina spoke while pointing a finger aimed at him "He's Brain Wave the assassin."
He exhaled a breath hearing Alina's words sounded firm and serious as she quit her finger jabbing to fold her arms while appearing to be eyeing Jinks as he shifted to eye the male in response. 
Tom saw Jinks looking at him before willing aside the Master and speaking the male eyeing Alina "I had a wife answering to the name of Victoria Kensington despite records referring her as her cousin Katherine Kensington. It was after I was elected Governor of New York State and married to Victoria. We were doing a meet and greet with the public during a honeymoon period in California's city of Hollywood after getting off the plane. I'll get to the point. Security back then was rather lax and lazily done onto me. Made it easier for an assassin seen carrying a handgun to target my wife heavily ignored by the public. Brain Wave in question wound up putting that assassin down in a deathly manner. The public didn't seem alarmed by the assassin targeting Victoria fainting in front of them while holding a weapon. Check your records Missus Visser via California's FBI on the victim answering to the name of Lover Boy. You'll find autopsy saying his mind organ was found in pieces with no explanation to explain it. Also you'll find that the victim had an outstanding warrant of arrest in New York State for stalking several public female figures living in New York City in question."
Tom kept his mouth shut to find one of the males pull out a handheld computer pad and began typing onto it with beeping sounds heard. He frowned as Jinks was silent to focus onto Alina seen glaring at the male holding the handheld computer. Tom frowned as the male showed Alina the contents of the computer to get her grimacing before resuming to glare at Jinks. He eyed Alina who opened her mouth only to hear a faint ringing noise of a cell phone. 
Tom exhaled a breath as Alina pulled out a cell phone speaking "Yes Alina Visser here. What do you want now? I'm in the middle of an interrogation."
He exhaled another breath to hear loudly "Hostage holder is a Builder we're still running on his ID. His mind organ is found shattered. Brain Wave got to him in question. We have a Tom Thunder on recorder doing the Builder's orders while clad in a High Council's servant wear clothes."
He groaned softly hearing that as Alina gave him a glare followed by her speaking "Anything else you care to tell me?"
Tom heard "Missus Sawyer is currently hospitalized at the moment on the situation. The recording is saying claims the Builder claim that he Builder ordered the presses to speak something not true about her and her ex-husband Mister Thunder himself."
Tom grimaced inwardly while hearing from the voice "The recording from what we could see at her capture the Builder accused her of being a grown adult version of a sick baby fathered by Mister Montreal that survived attempts to be put down via his own Builder voice orders. The Builder used Katherine Kensington's name involving this issue as the Mother of Missus Sawyer in question. That's all we could figure from the motive in question Sir."
Tom kept his mouth into a thin line while eyeing Alina who quit the call and put the cell phone away while seeing her glaring at Jinks she heard speaking "Something you want to admit hmm?"
He exhaled a breath to frown forming it on his lips as he heard from Jinks "Missus Sawyer is actually born of another female I forced into a mating ritual after grief of losing my wife Katherine to cancer in question. Missus Sawyer wound up as the result of that mating. Her Mother's husband is a Builder who have very strong beliefs on who raises the child if it's not his that he fathered."
He shifted to eye Jinks who continued talking ignoring him staring "I admit it I do have some immunity to Builder's voice talent orders if the mental ability is in control."
He heard Alina's hiss as Jinks kept talking "As for that Builder's claims, Robert is my second child born from Katherine. There was a Victoria a daughter born I fathered through Katherine that was born sick with some kind of undiagnosed medical illness. She later passed away from that illness in question despite claims from a Builder answering to the name of Kennidis that he put her down asleep using Builder's talent voice orders."
Tom heard beeping sounds to figure it was from a handheld computer as Jinks continued "This Kennidis held the General position underneath Guard Kensington's King titled position. I haven't heard much from this Kennidis except he had an obsession attitude towards Katherine as wanting her as his. I last heard of him was some Builder got him out of the residence into a van that turn out to be stolen and driving out of sight by someone dressed as a High Council's Highlander servant complete with the getup in question."
Tom frowned as Jinks removed his legs off the table and leaned back in the chair with arms still folded while appearing to glare at Alina. He eyed Alina warily to find the male holding the handheld computer show the contents to the FBI agent who grimaced fully on her face. He frowned as Alina kept up the grimace after the agent showed her various information on the computer device. 
Tom kept his mouth into a thin line while eyeing Alina who spoke after giving of an Hmph sound "Alright my partner here has proved your talk Mister Montreal."
He exhaled a breath as Alina added "What do you have to say about Mister Thunder being Brain Wave in question? I can prove my words actually on him being the assassin."
He shifted to eye Jinks he saw had the Master in control who spoke using his creepy voice tone "I can detect lies Missus Visser. You're lying on what you're saying regarding Mister Thunder being Brain Wave the assassin. So talk the truth now!"
He formed a glare while glaring at Alina to find her appearing to gulp followed by her rubbing a hand on her forehead and then getting up speaking "This interrogation is over with. Cut the damned recording now!"
Tom found her order obeyed by Jinks waving a hand towards the recording device to see it give off sparks to feel the recording continue in the room kept his eyes glaring at Alina.
He glared as one of the agents fiddled with the recorder and spoke loudly "Damn everything recorded on it is erased. This thing is now a useless bunk of junk."
He exhaled a breath to find Alina forming a frown while eyeing Jinks he heard "Drop the obsession on the Brain Wave assassin Missus Visser. Consider the matter closed now!"
He heard Jinks' creepy voice tone continued to glare at Alina finding her appear to be gulping followed by hearing loudly "Agent Visser I'm recommending you retire from your position effective immediately."
Tom exhaled another breath to find Yevgeny Visser in the room that walked into sight with a glare on the male's face. He kept the glare aimed at Alina to find the two agents leaving the room shutting the door with a gentle slam sound. 
He glared at Alina as Yevgeny was heard "What I tell you doesn't leave the room Alina. I want your word that you'll retire from this position effective immediately once you walk out the door willingly."
Tom kept the glare to see Alina looking at him with a frown before shifting to look at Yevgeny and heard her speaking "You have my word Sir."
He heard the firmness of her voice tone found Yevgeny speaking "Tom Thunder is known as Mindbender among the High Council an actual servant of them and not an Annoyov."
He heard a hiss from Alina as he kept the glare aimed at her finding her looking at him before looking at Yevgeny who added "Among you Humans or in High Council speak First Ones he's known as Brain Wave the assassin himself."
Tom again got Alina's hiss sounding loudly as he kept the glare aimed at her to find Yevgeny adding "Tom kindly show her your Berserker side."
He obeyed to flex a clawed hand towards Alina to hear from Yevgeny "That's how he killed his victims. Whenever he had his Berserker side in control he gives mental orders of manipulation towards his victims including a mental order of assassination. That's why the brain organs in his victims was found shattered from his mental order of death towards the victims in question."
Tom willed aside the Berserker as if compelled to resume folding his arms while glaring at Alina as he heard from Yevgeny "I suggests you drop the issue of seeking justice for Brain Wave's victims. Just drop the matter now, Alina. Allow the High Council to handle punishing Tom on whenever he does something inappropriate. The High Council insisted to me that they'll handle punishing him. They claimed that he's very dedicated on being a servant of them including not questioning their orders no matter how ridiculous it is. They were firm when they told me this claim to me via a representative speaking for them. So walk out of the room now Alina and remember your word to retire from this position."
He kept his mouth in a thin line while eyeing Alina who without a word walked out of the room to find Yevgeny following her out he giving Jinks a glare before shutting the door in a gentle slam. Tom shifted to eye Jinks find the male getting up still displaying the Master and walking up towards him he forced to look down while seeing the male looking up. Tom found Jinks' Master ability willed aside to find Jinks didn't have any fear looks in the male's eyes or sensed anything of scared emotion from him. He kept his mouth in a thin line while glaring at Jinks who glared at him back eyes unblinking. Tom felt himself fed up with staring at Jinks looked away blinking his eyes to hear snickering like laughter sounding in his mind making him annoyed to hear. 
He resumed looking at Jinks who spoke "Come along now, Tom."
Tom obeyed to follow Jinks out of the room despite hearing the male use a firm voice tone to find them both going to the elevator to stand waiting for the doors to open. He frowned hearing beeping noises he figured was from the elevator moving to transport Yevgeny, Alina and FBI agents to the lobby as he stood waiting impatiently. Tom heard the beeping noises quit to his relief to hear the familiar laughter sounds within his mind as he shifted to glare at Jinks who had eyes shut and appeared to have his mouth in a smile line. 
He felt annoyed mentally spoke "Quit your damned laughter now."
Tom glared at Jinks who opened his eyes while looking at him as if hearing him to hear blared in his mind "Laughter Shad? Excuse me for laughing but a problem has been solved."
He stiffened as he saw Jinks' eyes turn all black looking followed by seeing the lights turn low in the secretary's room along with silence to find Jinks turning into Anyan. 
Tom exhaled a breath finding Anyan speaking "I'll find a purpose for you Shad. Mark my words. It won't be assassinations. I'll do what it takes to keep you alive and find a purpose for you period. Don't worry about it."
He blinked his eyes from hearing a loud alarm noise to find himself waking up from bed in Jinks' spare bedroom he finding Willingham in the room that gave up a Tsk sound. Tom rubbed a hand over his forehead and got up from the bed feeling himself not clad of clothes.
He spoke towards Willingham "Excuse me. I'll be in the bathroom attending to my hygiene. Including getting myself properly attired since clothes is a must around here by your indicating it."
He didn't say a word stomped into the bathroom slamming the door to find the shower running he peered to exhale a breath finding Victoria inside appearing to look like she was upset to him. Tom groaned and got himself into the shower with Victoria to find her clinging to him while feeling her hands rubbing him all over his front not sparing his sensitive part. Tom sighed softly finding her upset as he kneeled and didn't protest as Victoria proceeded to baby him he called her behavior in the shower. Tom exhaled a breath once she was done to keep his hands to himself as she cleaned herself followed by getting them both out of the shower stall. He exhaled a breath finding a male with familiarity to him displaying eyes of a Builder seated on a stool with a frown on his face while clad in a suit who watched as Victoria dried him all over before drying herself and putting on a business suit of black with a skirt. Tom found his familiar rugby top and jeans which he put on after putting on undergarments for the clothes. He saw the Builder go to Victoria to gently put a hand on her shoulder in a gentle move but didn't touch her further. He frowned as Victoria clung to the Builder in response she giving off crying sounds as he without a word left the bathroom gently shutting the door to leave the room going to the dining room feeling himself hungry. He found Jinks eating from a tray of food who gave him a glare as he without a word joined the male to eat in the food in dishware. Tom made sure to eat with his left hand this time holding the silverware he finding his grips seemed fine to him. 
He ate the food and drank taking his time to finish once done found Jinks ordering him "Go to the gym room now. I insists you keep up your physical fitness period."
Tom sighed and obeyed to go to the gym room sensing Jinks following. 
He once inside got Jinks speaking "So show me that you can fight me off."
Tom heard the edge in Jinks' voice obeyed to physically fight Jinks in karate using both defensive and offensive moves onto the male he thinking to himself during the fight "Someone watching me do karate wanted us both to fight each other. It figures."
Tom ignored the thought to continue on fighting Jinks only to find the male knocking him off onto his seat which he swung himself up with an acrobatic move to resume fighting him. He found himself unable to knock Jinks off his feet by the male appearing to anticipate it and avoiding his efforts. Tom felt annoyance take hold as Jinks once again knocked him onto his seat which he folded his arms glaring at the male who made a come gesture with a free hand. He forced himself to get up via acrobatic move and charged towards Jinks who easily knocked him onto him onto his seat. Tom felt frustration take hold again got up and charged body attack onto Jinks who stepped aside tripping him to land onto the mat floor onto his front. He felt Jinks' shoed foot onto his back keeping him onto the floor despite his attempts to push himself up. Tom gave up growling noises feeling his angry mood take control to feel Jinks remove his foot as he found himself forced into a kneeling position while having the male have an arm around neck. 
He felt his hair pulled his head into position to eye the ceiling as he heard from Jinks "So show me that you can free yourself out of my trap now, Tom."
Tom found his efforts to free himself met failure while feeling his mood still plummeting further. He willed forwards the Berserker to claw Jinks' cloth covered arm with his clawed hands finding Jinks refused to budge keeping an arm around his neck. Tom continued to struggle with failure finding himself unable to get out of Jinks' trap till he willed aside the Berserker.
Tom spoke while folding his arms he feeling himself still angry "Kindly free me from your trap now."
He got from Jinks "No uh, not until you figure out how to free yourself."
He gave up a growl of frustration in response feeling his mood still angry gave up a roar of anger before again struggling to free himself from Jinks' trap who refused to budge from getting him out. Tom found his efforts to stand up blocked by Jinks kicking at his knees from behind and keeping him kneeling while still feeling anger running through him. 
He found Anyan walking into sight to his shock giving him a glare and got from the male "What lesson did you see via recording the High Council showed you involving him doing this trap to Victoria hmm?"
Tom exhaled a breath as Anyan faded from view which he recalled the recording showing Jinks pulling a twin trap onto Victoria age thirteen who appeared to be angry and used her anger to take control instead of calmly trying to think her way to freedom. He forced himself to be calm while breathing deeply through his mouth to find himself calming down from his anger to find himself fully calm. Tom found himself fully calm as Jinks let go of him to give him a glare he gulped seeing. 
He frowned as Jinks spoke "What lesson did I want you to learn?"
Tom exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak "Never fight when angry, Daddy."
He got Jinks speaking "Don't call me Daddy. Only Victoria can call me that. Call me Father in Law but not Daddy. I told the same thing to Victoria's Husband on what I prefer to be called."
He gave a head bob in response hearing Jinks was serious with his words as he shut his eyes and forced himself to mediate hearing the male walking away leaving the doors open. He heard a Tsk sound groaned softly to open his eyes and got up finding Willingham in the doorway giving him a golden eyed glare. Tom didn't say a word instead walked out of the gym room to find the butler shutting the doors followed by ordered to go to the dining room. He obeyed to find Jinks inside seated at the table he found the male was holding an all white cat in his arms and notice no tray of dishware holding food in front of him. Tom went to sit down smelling food his stomach rumbled in hunger. He forced himself to eat the food slowly he finding it was the food Victoria gave him in her apartment. He ate the food taking his time before sipping down the strawberry milkshakes down fully. Tom clamped a hand over his mouth before he could give off the rude noise he assumed was it to hear his throat make the noise getting Jinks glaring at him. 
"Excuse me." He spoke out loud before adding "Nothing for you to eat or drink Father in Law?"
He got Jinks giving him a glare before the male spoke "I survive on one meal a day something you don't seem to be having at the moment."
Tom gulped but frowned forming it on his face before getting from Jinks getting up still carrying a content cat "By the way Mister Daniel Sawyer was born Mavis Petersen-"
He interrupted swearing vulgarity at Builders including snarling "Son of a-"
Tom got interrupted by feeling a choking feeling within his throat making him gasp for air. He looked to find Jinks had the Master in control with a hand aimed at him while still holding Snowy, he assumed was the cat's name, in an arm's grip.
Tom got from Jinks "That language isn't appropriate to be used in front of me, Tom. Don't forget your place here. It's my residence, my word, my laws and my say so on what you do around here. Never forget that."
He gave a head bob in response not trusting himself to talk as he gasped for air feeling the choking sensation quit to his relief and breathed the air deeply. Tom rubbed his throat breathing air deeply finding Jinks walking away while still carrying Snowy. He groaned softly to slouch into the chair only to hear a loud Tsk sound. Tom found Willingham in the room giving him a golden eyed glare and saw the butler jab a finger aimed at the dining room's entrance. 
He gave up a groan and got up leaving the dining room to think to himself "I might as well go to the gym room."
Tom found himself compelled to go elsewhere than the gym room to his annoyance. He found his feet led him to the elevator to find Jinks inside giving him a glare with arms folded and Snowy no where in sight. He sighed and stepped into the elevator to feel the thing going down at Jinks' order he unsure of where it was going. Tom found the elevator went to the lobby to follow Jinks out to the glass doors where there were a crowd of presses gathered outside making him form a thin line with his mouth he feeling annoyance take control. Tom found the presses blaring their flashlights he glimpsed onto him blindingly making him annoyed with that as he heard various questions aimed at him being an ex-husband of Jinks' daughter Victoria and that the marriage ended via cheating done by his ex-wife preferring someone else to him. He felt annoyance take hold opened his mouth to yell only to feel a choking sensation within his throat clamped his mouth. Tom placed hands over his eyes while hearing the presses pester him to talk as he felt the choking sensation quit to his relief. 
He willed forwards the Berserker while keeping his hands in front of his eyes to hear "Show us your eyes you coward!"
Tom groaned softly hearing the voice sounded Highlander like hearing silence from the presses to remove his hands while folding his arms. He formed a glare with his eyes narrowed while glaring at the flashlights' blaring glare blinding him. Tom kept the glare till he felt a hand take his arm and didn't resists as he was turned around to find the hand's owner was Jinks. He willed aside the Berserker finding Jinks giving him a glare and refusing to walk further despite hearing silence from the crowd. Tom heard gasps but ignored the noises as Jinks got them both inside the lobby to the elevator which he heard the male's command for it to move. He kept his mouth in a thin line while eyeing Jinks finding the male ignoring him staring. Tom followed Jinks out to find them going to a Table room instead of the male's quarters. He frowned once they were both inside a room to find Jinks sitting in a chair opposite from the door with arms folded and legs onto the table in a crossed legged position while displaying the Master in control. Tom went to stand next to Jinks with arms folded finding the wait for visitors didn't seem lengthy to him. He found the door opening to show two cops both males coming into the room one carrying a briefcase that took out a recorder and felt the familiar filming sensation hit again. 
Tom formed a glare aimed at the cops finding one speaking "Alright this recorder is necessary for your orders Your Kingship to be relayed firmly."
He frowned hearing the term for the Humans' male leader titled King as he kept the glare to hear from Jinks rattle off commands without the Master in control that involved running the nation of United States for the newly elected to office Governors of states to do for their states despite election day of October thirty first was tomorrow. Tom recalled the date as a national holiday dubbed Halloween but among the Master Organization, Jinks' official birthday some version of gift giving day among members in the group. He kept his mouth shut as the cops shut down the recorder and left the room to find Jinks giving him a glare and jabbing a finger aimed at him.
Tom frowned as Jinks spoke "You were appearing to be daydreaming of something."
He spoke firmly "October thirty first is a holiday dubbed Halloween nationally. It's known as something else among the Master Organization involving giving gifts actually."
He clamped his mouth shut to get Jinks getting up to stand with arms folded who spoke with the Master in control "Wouldn't you be daydreaming of a visit from a President of a group hmm?"
He stiffened to recall Yevgeny's visit to realize the Meritanians manipulated the visit as a daydream within his mind while he was zoned out not to hear Jinks talking to the visitors or acknowledge them. He gave Jinks a glare while willing forwards the Berserker to find the male make a hand wave gesture to find his Banshee side compelled to go away. Tom found himself obeying to his annoyance while glaring at Jinks with accusation in his eyes. 
He glared at Jinks who shrugged and spoke "Anyway don't talk to me on this subject Tom. The High Council will make sure you forget what I said to you if you bring it up."
Tom didn't say a word in response looked away to fold his arms glaring at the floor to hear from Jinks "Move it now Tom. I want to be back into my quarters."
He sighed to find Jinks standing at the doorway with the Master not in control. He didn't say a word followed Jinks out to the elevator which he got inside with the male to feel the thing going to Jinks' quarters. He walked out following Jinks to hear a cat yowl sounding annoyed to him while feeling pressure onto his feet. He looked down despite his feet clad in shoes to find Snowy batting while playfully pawing his shoelaces. Tom groaned softly finding Jinks out of sight appearing to ignore the scene. He kneeled and proceeded to wrestle with Snowy chewing onto his hands as he rubbed her tummy in the process. Tom found Snowy kept up the playing till she quit to give her tail several lickings while darting away he hearing an excited meow. He sighed to get up grimacing from Snowy's claws scratching him all over his hands as he went to his bedroom he figured he'll refer it as his. Tom went into the bathroom intending to wash his hands to find Victoria already inside kissing a blond haired male making him annoyed to see. He ignored the couple kissing to go wash his hands thoroughly with soap and water. Tom sensed himself stared at to find Victoria and the male looking at him with smirks on their faces. He got Victoria laughing in response followed by her resuming kissing the male a Builder again on the lips. 
He felt rage hitting him in response glared at the couple kissing through the mirror to think to himself "That does it."
Tom turned around willing forwards the Berserker to mentally spoke "Victoria die." 
Tom found himself breaking through glass in response to land onto metal floor he feeling himself confused to where he was as he blinked his eyes. He felt the Berserker in control while feeling a wetness feeling hitting him all over. Tom got up in a fast move finding a familiar figure appear with a light show his senses blared he recognizing as Ajax. 
Tom glared at Ajax with accusation running through him to find the male sounding in his mind "You took out a High Council group remember?"
He felt no memory of that came to his mind instead kept on glaring at Ajax finding the male had a hand hidden by a sleeve as the hybrid kept on trying to get him to remember taking out a High Council group while slowly edging towards him. 
Tom mentally spoke in response "Ajax down."
He found Ajax hitting the floor as his senses blared warning to will forwards Sinister through as if compelled to find a masked High Council servant hitting the floor instead of Ajax he sensed was sneaking behind him. 
Tom mentally spoke "Barry down."
He heard a loud grunt sound to add "Ajax down."
Tom found Ajax quit his sneaking behind him as he darted towards the room's entrance finding the room had various tubes involving males and females asleep inside. He felt drawn to a tube as if drawn instead of going to the entrance of the room. Tom went to the tube to find it horizontal along with compelled to lay down on the bed near its entrance. Tom felt the Berserker willed aside to find himself back inside a tube with sleepiness hitting him despite efforts to remain awake felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Tom came to finding himself floating inside a tube shaking sleepiness from within him. He felt restraints on his form keeping his Berserker side from being in control along with ankles and wrists tied from behind. Tom struggled against the restraints finding failure to free himself. He forced himself to be calm keeping his eyes open while glaring at the green murky water to force himself to free himself only to feel zapping electricity of pain hitting him.
He heard within his mind as he arched his back from the pain "It's Kiddy. I'll quit trying to free yourself for freedom."
Tom mentally spoke in response recognizing the voice as Kiddy "What's going on to get me in containment?"
He heard from Kiddy "I see that you don't remember. So remember."
Tom again arched his back as he got memories filling his mind of taking out a High Council group while having the Berserker in control he putting the Speakers down in some sleeping status to go kill the group via mental orders of death. 
He roared within his mind "This got to be trick! There's no way I would do this stunt!"
Tom quit his roaring to hear from Kiddy "Sorry Mindbender but its no trick but actual fact. You did do that assassination in response to them ordering you to assassinate Victoria. You balked on doing the killing instead killed the group once Anubis and Falcons got Victoria out of the room via you ordering them to do it. It's no trick but truth."
He grunted in response to continue to hear "Go to sleep Mindbender. Its best for you to sleep till the High Council is no longer furious with you enough to free you."
He felt himself sleepy in response felt himself passing out unconscious to come to finding himself in a bathroom he recognized as Jinks' spare bedroom's bathroom he glaring through the mirror. Tom saw Victoria kissing a male he recognized as Mavis Petersen making him furiously angry. 
He mentally spoke "Screw the High Council on containing me! I'll do what it takes to get out period!"
Tom turned around willing forwards the Berserker only to get the scene changed to a forest while feeling himself no longer clad in his familiar clothes but clad in odd clothing while riding something that felt like a horse gonoid to him. He felt the Berserker willed aside as he found himself riding a horse through a forest that was galloping while he was wearing nothing covering his face or head. Tom felt the horse rear up in terror which he gripped the reins and with a gloved hand forced the gonoid to relax while pulling out a knife like weapon from a scabbard on his side. He saw the knife was a sword as he looked around with a glare on his face while silently not saying a word. Tom forced the horse to continue despite getting resistance from the gonoid who refused to budge from moving. He got off the horse to find the ground was of stone from the feel of the boots as he grabbed the reins with a hand. Tom found himself edging forwards while pulling the horse not resisting as he held the sword with his left hand while looking around at the forest seemingly letting senses alert him of anything. He kept on edging further into the forest only to look up as if drawn to find the horse rearing up and taking off as he saw a net fell from above landing onto him. Tom used the sword to hack onto the net repeatedly finding the thing refused to be cut instead gave him jolts of electrical pain each time it hit his sword. He glared as figures came out of the bushes he seeing that they were masked despite feeling his mind scanned. Tom glared at the masked bandits he figured were they as one held up an object appearing to be a syringe and thrust it aimed at his body he feeling the dart hitting home onto his chest. He felt himself passing out unconscious only to come to hearing a faint ringing noise he recognized belonged to the High Council. Tom felt himself sitting in a chair chained to it while still clad in his familiar odd clothing he realizing it was twin to Anyan's. He jerked open his eyes finding the High Council seated in throne chairs with no Speakers in front of them. Tom eyed the High Council finding them displaying faces of a smiling sun manoid to him appearing to be masks of gold. Tom exhaled a breath finding himself relieved to be in the High Council's presence despite disgust running through him. He glared at the High Council to find a masked servant with ears show of a Highlander walking into sight who stood between him and the group.
Tom kept the glare as the masked servant spoke "Says your Shad of the Kingdom of Anya, brother of Anyan son of King Anyan. Anya's female offspring is related to you actually despite your attempts to get her in your traps for offspring forming."
He felt disgust take hold to hear himself speaking "I have no brother and no family. My name isn't Shad but Mindbender-"
Tom stiffened hearing the name of Mindbender as he was interrupted "Says you'll remember who you are now!"
He grunted shutting his eyes as if compelled to do it recall memories of being raised by a King named Anyan of Anya seeing him as his son and twin of another son named Anyan despite favoring Anyan the younger brother as the heir to the throne. He recalled fully himself killing King Anyan out of fit of anger as in cutting the male once in a private talk with him while almost nearly grown of adulthood. 
Tom recalled himself as Shad speaking once King Anyan lay gasping from the neck wound "I'll never be your son Shad again. All I'll be known is Mindbender the assassin. You favored your son Anyan over me as obvious by declaring him the heir to the throne. I'll once I meet Anyan will kill him once I get the chance.'
Tom saw himself fully in mind stab King Anyan through the chest with the sword before wiping the sword onto the male's tunic and putting it into his scabbard. He watched as himself walked out of the room slamming the door to meet the guards standing attention.
Tom heard himself say "King Anyan doesn't wish to be disturbed till dawn. See that his order is obeyed. He sort of ordered me out while speaking this order."
He got salutes from the guards as he without another word walked through the castle he figured he was in to a stable to load a horse for riding as dawn's early light shined via a window. 
He watched as himself was met by a youth speaking "The King ordered you to stay in the castle."
He frowned as himself punched the youth fully in the face knocking him out before putting on a cloak found on the floor and covering himself fully of it. He saw himself get onto the horse and ride out of the castle unstopped going into the forests. 

Tom sensed the memory stopped playing within his mind to open his eyes and glared at the High Council while fisting his hands despite them chained to the chair. 
He kept the glare finding the masked servant speaking "Says what do you have to say about you remembering who you are?"
He found himself giving off a spiting sound in response before looking away to glare at the floor as he heard "Says that's not appropriate behavior Shad. You'll do what we say if you wish to succeed in your goal of killing Anyan."
He looked up to glare at the High Council finding the servant adding "Says don't deny it Shad that your goal is to kill Anyan. We can see this goal fully within you. We know that Anyan is heavily protected. We have an idea of getting you to succeed in killing Anyan. You'll do what we say regarding getting this goal done."
Tom frowned finding himself not agreeing to the High Council's wording on killing Anyan as he glared at the group while digging his fingernails into his hands. He felt his fingernails indicated the Berserker in control to stiffen feeling himself floating into something that suspiciously felt like a tube's water from the feel. Tom jerked open his eyes finding himself still contained in a tube feeling annoyance take hold as he sensed himself spied on. Tom looked around while grimacing from the pain hitting him as he sensed the spying continue making him annoyed with being stared at. 
He narrowed his eyes to feel his mind scanned to hear fully in his mind "High Council you might want to do something about certain people back from a sleeping status despite declared dead. One of them is detected staring at Mindbender at the moment and is preventing the drug from keeping him asleep. His staring sense is keeping him awake actually from mind scans of him."
Tom frowned sensing the staring continued till he felt the tube go horizontal to his shock followed by the liquid thrusting him out he landing onto metal floor while feeling the restraints on his form off of him. He breathed the air deeply while feeling a stick like weapon belonging to a sword thrust to his neck poking him. Tom forced himself to get up slowly while keeping his hands up to grit his teeth seeing himself looking like Shad giving him a narrowed all black eyed glare. He kept his mouth shut in response while eyeing himself he figured was Shad who grabbed his shoulder and felt the sword thrust into his front bringing pain. Tom grunted feeling pain in his back abruptly along with the familiar floating sensation hitting him as he blinked his eyes discovering himself still floating in a tube while arching his back from electrical zapping of electricity hitting him. Tom felt the Berserker trying to gain control despite hit with multiple zaps of electrical charges felt his mind scanned. 
He mentally roared "Quit doing this to me now!"
He heard in response "Its Kiddy. Just go to sleep now."
Tom spoke mentally in response as he felt sleepiness hitting him "Help me-"
He found himself passing out unconscious only to come to feeling zapping of electrical charges hitting him repeatedly. Tom felt his mind scanned kept his mind blank in response as he continued to feel the Berserker itching to take control but held back by the restraints. He screamed in response to the zapping only to suck in liquid into his mouth kept on screaming and screaming while still sucking in the liquid. Tom ignored the sucking as he arched his back repeatedly while feeling himself still in pain hitting over and over. He felt the pain kept being triggered by the Berserker side kept trying to gain control to his anger. Tom thrust his head forwards onto the tube's wall banging it repeatedly finding the glass refused to budge breaking. He kept on banging in response to the pain over and over while quitting his screaming attempts. Tom kept on banging over and over till he found himself getting sleepy shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Tom came to with a gasp feeling himself lying on dirt ground bare of clothes while feeling a foot kicking his stomach. He grunted jerking open his eyes with shock to feel multiple points of swords poking him making him raise his hands up. Tom eyed the figures appearing to be masked and bandits warily to find them lifting him up in a fast move while thrusting clothes aimed at him he put on expertly. Tom frowned glaring at the bandits he figured were the males to find one staring at him intensively making him nervous as he felt sleepiness hitting him abruptly. He passed out unconscious to come to feeling a fist hitting him on the face while in a sagging position chains on his wrists with arms held above him. Tom jerked open his eyes to find himself in the dungeon from the looks of it while smelling eater lights within vicinity. He found himself glaring abruptly at a male figure wearing black clothing with a mask covering the face having all black eyes seen as he straightened up his form. 
"So the brother returns from humiliation." He heard sounding of Anyan's voice using the Master ability in control. 
Tom gave up "Go to the depths Anyan."
He glared at the masked figure who removed the mask showing Anyan's face complete with the Master in control who spoke "Oh so you remember me. It's interesting that you do. It's assumed that you don't remember me or you wouldn't be trying to charm my daughter's hand in marriage. I recognized you despite your hair adjusted as my humiliated brother Shad himself."
He glared at Anyan as if feeling like needing to do it who spoke "Anyhow I'll figure out what to do towards you once certain questions are answered. Mostly by those Highlanders who claim you killed our Father out of jealousy towards me favored to take the throne."
Tom spoke "Go to the depths Anyan. I'll see you down there rotting your flesh. I'll happily will eat it willingly."
He glared at Anyan who resumed the mask and without a word walked out of the cell with guards following while hearing the door slam along with taking the eater lights with them plunging night vision within his eyesight. Tom glared at the door seemingly lengthy as if feeling like needing to do it till the cell turned into the tube's walls with murky green water seen. 
He again felt the familiar charges of pain hitting him mentally yelled "Stop it now! Just stop this stunt now!"
Tom got his mind scanned in response to hear "Its Kiddy. Go to sleep Mindbender."
He found himself passing out unconscious in response to find himself still chained in the jail cell to glare at the door seemingly lengthy till eater lights came back he unable to smell them. 
Tom kept the glare as Anyan and guards returned followed by the male removing his mask and speaking "Who's Mindbender actually?"
He spoke "Go rot your flesh in the depths, Anyan."
He glared at Anyan who gave up a chuckle sound followed by speaking "Then why haven't you freed yourself from the chains? The Highlanders claim that you easily got out of chained traps they set to capture you."
Tom found himself giving Anyan a glare in response who added "The Highlanders claim when questioned that you're the mysterious assassin dubbing himself Mindbender. What do you have to say about this accusation?"
He blurt in response "I'm an assassin what do you expect? That's all I know of regarding me and my life. I don't have a purpose like you do having a crown and people to lead like sheep. Baa! To you people following Anyan like sheep doing his bidding. Baa!"
Tom got Anyan holding up a hand while forming a furious expression on his face he felt himself choking continued to give off his baa sounds till he found one of the guards putting Anyan's hand down. He continued to choke cutting off his noises while seeing a guard whispering into Anyan's ear appearing to be glaring at him but listening to the guard's words he not hearing what was said. Tom glared at Anyan who waved a hand and breathed deeply finding the choking sensation gone from him continued on giving off his baa noises. He got Anyan walking away while resuming the mask as he kept on baaing away. Tom kept on baaing till the cell door slammed shut in response to cut the noises. He glared at the door sensing the guards were outside to fiddle with the chains finding them easily snapping off of him after each pull. He went to the door to peer through the window finding two guards there not noticing him looking. 
Tom gave the door several kicking banging noises to hear "What the depths is going on with him and the door?!"
He ducked to the side as the door opened followed by a guard entering the cell carrying an eater light having a sword in hand. Tom darted out the door pushing through the guard standing outside knocking him aside twisting his neck in a fast move. He picked up the fallen guard's sword to stand off the side waiting for the other guard to come out finding his waiting wasn't too long. The other guard came out and got his throat cut before he could scream. Tom kicked the guard down onto the ground and picked up the eater dropped onto the floor to put it burning onto the males to smirk a sick smile seeing it engulf the guards. He darted down the hallway after dropping the eater light to cut various eater lights on the way hearing ringing noises sounding loudly that sounded of a castle guard's alarm to him from behind. Tom ignored the ringing to continue on darting up the stairs to the castle's dungeon's entrance smelling horse manure.
He mentally spoke "So the entrance is in the stable isn't it?"
Tom went to the door to burst through it with sword drawn to find instead of a stable a guard holding a horse while surrounded by numerous guards he finding it was outside in the courtyard from the looks of it. 
He snarled a growling sound while holding the sword as he heard "Took you long enough to think of escaping brother dear. Unfortunately one of the guards hid in another cell and triggered the bell once you were seen going by."
Tom glared to find Anyan standing on a set of steps surrounded by guards as he felt a sword point poking him in the back. He spun around in a fast move and pushed the guard down the steps with a foot kicking the male on the chest. Tom shifted to glare at Anyan standing on the steps face seen who he noticed a guard whispering in the male's ear he not hearing what was said. 
He snarled out loud "Anyan I challenge you to a duel with just you and your sword!"
Tom found the guards backing up in response leaving a clear pathway towards Anyan who took out his sword in response to the comment and jumped down from the steps landing on his feet. He glared at Anyan who removed the head cover mask throwing it aside by a gloved hand showing brown long hair with eyes still all black in response who circled him as he circled back. He kept on circling Anyan finding his mood still bad enough to strike out aimed at the male with his sword repeatedly putting the male into a defensive position. 
Tom spoke during a pause of the fighting "Baa! Why aren't you ordering your sheep to help you fight me? Baa! I'm better than you Anyan and you know it! Baa!"
He kept up the baaing sounds as Anyan struck out swinging his sword aimed at him he blocked defensively as he offensively fought off the male. Tom quit the baaing sounds once he felt pain on his face right where his scar was with liquid felt leaking from the area. 
He got from Anyan "You sure you're better than I am? I've cut your face brother dear."
Tom gave up a roar in response and attacked Anyan with sword swinging while finding the male met his swinging fighting defensively and offensively onto the male. He kept up the fight repeatedly over and over till he felt himself getting wearily finding Anyan refused to tire out. Tom swung the sword towards Anyan only to get it knocked out of his hand. 
He kneeled out of exhaustion to snarl "Why don't you just kill me brother dear?"
Tom glared at Anyan who put the sword away as he recalled the knife fully in his sleeve hidden fingered onto it while fisting his hand. 
He glared at Anyan who held up a hand "I would kill you but you're my brother. I don't kill family regardless of who they are."
Tom felt himself too tired to argue instead grabbed Anyan's hand to pull out the knife bringing it home onto the male's front seeing it hit the assumed heart area. He backed up hearing growling noises from the guards while letting go of Anyan's hand after he stood up finding the male waving a hand towards him while falling to the ground. He wound up feeling sleepiness hitting him found the ground rising to meet him passed out unconscious.

Tom again woke up in the tube getting Kiddy's familiar "Go to sleep Mindbender."
He felt sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious to find himself naked while in chains he feeling someone was staring at him. Tom jerked open his eyes forcing himself to stand up to find the staring was of a female he saw had Victoria's face giving him a glare of accusation in her blue eyes. 
He snarled out as if compelled "What do you want Talia? Stop looking at me like I'm nothing to you. You know I'm worth it your said it yourself when we did the ritual at the lake. You claimed that you hoped to be carrying from the ritual. Don't tell me that your not carrying aren't you?"
He glared at Talia in response who spoke "It's not yours I'm carrying but someone else's."
Tom snarled "Someone else's? Don't deny it that I took your moon in the ritual Talia. You're bound to be carrying mine and no one else's like you claim to say."
He straightened up his form to glare at Talia who spoke "You didn't take my moon, Sir. You took a piece of cloth I put there to protect the moon. Hence you whining of not feeling satisfied from our ritual. You claimed that I felt rough to you. Don't you remember that?"
Tom gave up a loud roar of anger in response while thrusting himself towards Talia while feeling the chains refused to break. He strained against the chains as a guard arrived and grabbed Talia's arm taking her out the cell while he again kept on roaring nonsense sounds of anger. Tom kept straining against the chains till he felt a choking sensation cutting off his roaring to glare finding a guard in the cell holding up a hand facing him while wearing a familiar mask.
He snarled once he could breathe "So it'll take more than just a knife to the chest to bring you down Anyan."
Tom glared at Anyan who removed the mask showing the male's face was Anyan's who cut the choking while speaking "Brother dear I'm disappointed in you. The Highlanders warned me that you wanted me dead and would do anything for that to happen. It was them who put the knife in your sleeve just to test you. I'm disappointed in what you did towards me. Challenge me to a duel then stab me on the chest attempting to kill me. It'll take a lot more than just a knife wound to the chest to kill me Shad. I should refrain from calling you Shad instead call you by your assassin name of Mindbender since your nothing but an assassin like you said you are."
He snarled in an angry tone in response once Anyan became quiet "Then just kill me and be done with it King of sheep Baa!"
He gave up several baa sounds in response to see Anyan put on the mask and held up a knife he cutting his noises. Tom glared at Anyan who without a word walked up towards him to feel a knee connect with his sensitive part making his knees weak. He kneeled while having arms still up held by the chains. He glared at Anyan who without a word grabbed his hair in a tight hold while thrusting his head up baring his neck. Tom formed a glare to find Anyan instead of cutting his throat dug the knife's blade fully onto his face making a cut grove line onto the area he feeling bleeding from it right where his scar was. He gave up a growling noise as Anyan kept on cutting his face with the knife repeatedly despite bleeding felt till the leakage stopped. 
Tom grimaced from the pain of the knife's cut to snarl "Cutting my face isn't going to solve anything Anyan. I'll still kill you once I get the chance. Your dead to me you hear me Anyan? I'll do what it takes till your dead by my hand."
He gave Anyan a glare to find the male stepping back waving a hand he again getting choking only to find a guard whispering into Anyan's ear he not hearing what was said. Tom felt himself able to breathe to find Anyan waving a hand and he felt sleepiness to pass out unconscious.

Tom found himself back in the tube put to sleep by Kiddy again blaring her familiar line onto him. He woke up finding himself on a horse that was nibbling on a plant which he straightened up his form to rub a hand on his scarred cheek feeling the scar was still there as he looked around finding himself not in vicinity of the Kingdom of Anya's lands. Tom growled feeling himself clad in his clothes again with his sword felt banging onto his leg. He grabbed the reins and heard water running forced the horse to go towards it till he came upon a band of males on their horses that bared their swords aimed at him in threatening gestures. Tom ignored the males to continue on galloping towards the water noises. 
He heard as he passed the males "It's him! The assassin by the mark on his face! Let's kill him before he kills us!"
Tom pulled out his sword turning the horse around after hearing the male's shout to glare at them with accusation in his eyes. He waited as the males about five of them charged towards him with swords drawn. Tom kept himself waiting as he met the males' charge to recall his assassination training as if compelled to get the upper hand onto the males. He slew them all before feeling himself thirsty darted the horse towards the river he assumed it was. Tom found a heavy waterfall in response falling over a cliff wall into a vast ocean making him annoyed. He looked around on the horse to find his water skin as it was called wasn't there. Tom edged the horse to gallop following the line for a river while crashing into the bushes. He again kept on meeting various males on the way accusing him of being an assassin by the marking on his face. Tom kept on having to fight male fighters as he found two others during the fight take off via horseback one grabbing his horse while he was on foot fighting with three males. He felt annoyance take hold as the three fighters darted away on horseback leaving him standing still holding onto his sword. He growled an annoyed sound to kick something with his foot he saw was a water skin. 
Tom picked the water skin up feeling it was full of liquid opened it and heard "I wouldn't drink that if I were you."
He heard the voice of a male sounding like one of the males hiding in the bushes to him. Tom realized with a start that the voice belonged to Tank blaring in his mind who kept on speaking "It's full of poison actually so don't drink that."
He kept a compulsion to pour out the liquid saw it was brown colored instead of clear of water to snarl a growling sound before tossing the water skin in a direction he finding it caught by a male on horseback. Tom glared at the male on horseback wearing a mask appearing to be Anyan from the looks of him who tossed the water skin to another male next to him followed by removing his mask. 
He saw his hunch correct by seeing Anyan's face who spoke "So I have a purpose for you brother dear."
Tom glared at Anyan while belting his sword into the scabbard in response and folded his arms sensing himself surrounded by Anyan's guards as the male held up a water skin appearing to look full. 
He eyed the water skin thirstily to find Anyan speaking "I need a bodyguard to protect me from assassins. So if you drink the water it'll mean you agree to this and won't try to kill me."
Tom kept the glare as Anyan tossed him the water skin he caught to open it he hearing from Tank again "Anyan wants you alive period. He refuses to have you dead despite his sheep you call them insisting on having you dead. His feelings of wanting you alive is from trusting you something Anyan doesn't do towards others."
He kept the glare in response gulped the water down curing his thirstiness before capping the water skin and tossed it towards one of Anyan's guards. 
Tom kept the glare as Anyan spoke "Get onto your horse now Mindbender."
He obeyed to get onto his horse held by a guard and didn't say a word as Anyan put the mask back onto his face and followed the male through the forest as blackness arrived to his eyesight.

Tom felt himself back into the tube again to roar mentally "Why am I having memories of this Shad aka Mindbender while in this stinking tube?!"
He glared at the tube's wall to hear "High Council its Mindbender. He's whining of having this Shad aka Mindbender's memories while contained in a tube asleep in it. Kiddy keeps having to put him down asleep anyway."
Tom glared to feel the tube gone from him while feeling himself land onto metal. He grunted as the Falcons' familiar grips were felt onto his arms holding him up into a kneeling position despite still restrained by the restraints as he glared at the High Council with accusation in his eyes. 
Tom kept the glare as he felt his mind scanned to find the familiar lighted cauldron scene flashing in his mind only to hear "Oh for crying out loud!"
He frowned hearing Walls' voice to find the cauldron scene gone from his mind as he glared at the High Council finding the Speakers had heads bowed he feeling his mind scanned seemingly lengthy. Tom kept his mind blank of thoughts in response as he glared at the High Council to see the group go into a discussion after he felt his mind scanning sense quit to his relief. He kept his mouth into a thin line while seeing the High Council's discussion seemed lengthy to him making him annoyed. Tom felt annoyance take hold as he felt his mind scanned on and off during breaks of the High Council's lengthy discussion. He saw three light shows from the High Council to find three seats empty.
Tom heard blared "You'll find three High Council members shivering on an ice berg in King Winter's kingdom for thinking of something inappropriate. No I'm not going to transport them back."
He smirked a smile as if feeling like needing to do it while eyeing the remaining High Council members to sense his mind scanned he ignored the sensation followed by additional light shows from the group. He found the mind scanning sensation quit as he saw almost all of the High Council was gone from their seats except one at the end sitting leaning back in their chair with arms folded. 
Tom gave up a smirk as he heard "You'll find almost all of the current High Council transport all over King Winter's kingdom for thinking of something inappropriate. No I'm not going to transport them back."
He eyed the remaining High Council member that slouched lower in their seat as he found the Speakers raising their heads followed by hearing "Transport Mindbender to where he can have a life now. He's done being contained anyway."
Tom frowned hearing that from Onya to figure out that the remaining High Council member was a female as he found himself transported to a rain storm he coughing as he mentally gave the restraints off command. He found his arms grabbed by hands and thrust into a dragging standing position despite the restraints falling all around him. Tom refrained from willing forwards the Berserker side in control as he found himself in the Zesky Hospital's main hangar room facing Jason with a glare on the male's face. 
He gulped seeing the glare turn into a frown making him think "He's up to something."
Tom kept his mouth into a thin line as Jason spoke loudly once he heard the doors to the hanger room bang shut "Get this piece of garbage to where he can warm up Breaker now!"
He heard the pride in Jason's voice tone frowned as he found himself freed of hands' holds to find himself in a bathroom that looked familiar like Victoria's old apartment and not the Lance Knight's apartment to his confusion. Tom didn't comment a response went to the shower stall to yank back the stall door to find Victoria sitting wearing sweats while leaning back against the wall crying making him upset. He sighed as Victoria gave up a gasp sound as he walked inside and grabbed her into a hug while kneeling he holding her tightly while hearing her continue on crying. 
Tom heard Victoria weep out his name repeatedly along with "You came back like I keep on hoping you would."
He sighed softly from Victoria's words as he didn't say a word stripped her of her sweats tossing them out the shower stall and then turned on the water making sure it was her heat toleration levels. Tom didn't say a word towards Victoria instead got her to stand up putting her back to the wall while adjusting her legs to part straddling him. He entered Victoria to sigh from the feel of her tightness and thrust a rhythm feeling her calming down from her upset crying bout. He didn't say a word as he spilled himself inside her while hearing her giving off an oh sound sounding like she was feeling much better. Tom sighed and pulled himself out of Victoria to gently place her feet onto the shower stall's floor and grabbed the soap to baby her. He did the same with her hair shampooing it and then didn't protest as Victoria did the same thing to him babying him he called it along with washing his hair. Tom sighed once done with the shower to walk out carrying Victoria kicking open the bathroom door to find her apartment still had her bed with her stuff onto there. He went to the bed and laid her form down while placing the blankets on top of her covering her up to neck. Tom stood eyeing Victoria fidget who appeared to have fallen asleep as he sighed and with a frown found the scene changed to find himself facing Jason and Breaker in the Zesky Hospital's hanger room. He didn't say a word as Breaker tossed him clothes one at a time he put on. Tom found the clothes were his from the feel involving a grey rugby top and jeans including socks in black and sneakers he got tossed to put on. He didn't say a word as he stared at Jason with a frown forming on his face.
Jason spoke "Aw escort this piece of garbage off the Zeskaya to transport now."
He again heard the prideful tone of Jason's voice tone to frown hearing an ahem noise from a guard off his left which he didn't say a word followed the male further into the hospital to the gangplank he seeing a sedan parked where there were flashing lights of lightening seen blaring in the sky despite the rain storm. Tom groaned softly ran down the gangplank towards the sedan to get inside despite sensing himself filmed. He ignored the filming to get inside the sedan to buckle up his seatbelt once inside finding the driver was a Highlander from the pointed ears seen that without a word towards him started up the car. Tom eyed the window finding the car driving through the stormy weather out of the city of New London to find the rainstorm ceased to his shock. He frowned finding the sun was out low in the sky as the driver drove the car hugging the state's shoreline towns. He eyed the window impatiently waiting to join Victoria as the car continued on driving to reach New York State's boundary line by a sign saying it including reaching the boundary to New York City. Tom sighed once the car reached the main city to find traffic was bad as usual to his annoyance. He eyed out the window seeing people walking by doing double take looks seeing him once the car reached a stopped position repeatedly by traffic. Tom found some of those people snapping pictures aimed at him while flashing lights he finding some of them were presses gathering around the car each time it stopped due to heavy traffic. 
He sighed to think to himself "Damn Jason you had to use see through windows didn't you?"
Tom heard nothing in response to his question instead formed a frown expression on his face as the car came within sight of Jinks' familiar building.
He hearing from the driver "Mister Montreal requests you to stop by his residence before going to see his offspring for furthering the marriage in question. Sorry I have my orders from the boneheads to make sure of that actually."
He sighed and didn't say a word to frown as the car reached Jinks' building to find presses gathered outside blaring their familiar lights some flashing it onto him nearly blinding him. Tom forced himself out of the car to will the Berserker side through flexing a hand towards the lights' glare. He heard silence in response found the lights' glare quit to find Jinks standing at the entrance with the Master in control. 
Tom willed aside the Berserker and without a word went towards Jinks to hear "Where have you been Mister Thunder?!"
He ignored the questioner a Highlander from the voice tone to go inside the lobby of the building sensing Jinks following him which he halted once inside and followed the male to an elevator. 
Tom heard from Jinks "Home."
He sighed hearing the word spoken in High Council's Highlander language the Humans' dubbed Shadonian when it was actually an ancient Human language another form of Summeran that wasn't passed down. He felt the elevator go up to feel it stop and followed Jinks out. 
He heard from Jinks "See me in the gym room now Tom."
Tom frowned hearing Jinks not using the Master by voice tone which he obeyed to go to the gym room which he opened the doors and walked inside to stare at the male questioningly on his face. 
He frowned as Jinks spoke "So fight me with karate. I like to know if you still remember the karate taught to you."
Tom obeyed fighting Jinks using Human form of karate to find himself weak with the fisting and kicking to his annoyance. He felt himself still weak despite limber enough to kick only to get knocked off his feet during a weak kicking move. Tom landed onto his seat only to get Jinks in a fast move behind him grabbing his hair and putting an arm around his neck in a near gagging hold while forcing him up to kneeling position.
He heard from Jinks "So get out of my trap now."
Tom found his efforts to free himself from Jinks' trap balked along with kept into a kneeling position by the male kicking at him. He grunted as he willed forwards the Berserker to claw Jinks' arm finding the sleeve blocked him from making scratches. He found Jinks refused to react in pain when he got the sleeve rolled by his hand and clawed the male's arm making cuts onto the area. He found the cutting resulted into Jinks yanking onto his hair to bring pain each time he cut the male's arm. Tom willed aside the Berserker once the hair pulling got too much for him to recall the karate training he got to get out of Jinks' trap despite rage hitting him. He proceeded to do the karate training onto Jinks finding the male refused to free him from the trapped status instead kept his hold while again yanking onto his hair. 
Tom felt anger take hold gave up a roaring "Alright! I surrender! So free me!"
He got from Jinks "Not until you figure out how to get out of my trap now Tom."
He heard the Master voice from Jinks recalled the male wanted him to be calm before getting freed from viewing a recording of him doing it to Victoria age thirteen. He recalled with annoyance running through him that Jinks kept the trapped status onto Victoria repeatedly whenever she was in a bad mood doing karate he using the method trap to calm her down. Tom willed himself to calm forcing himself to breathe deeply through his mouth shutting his eyes. He forced himself to calm down from his raging angry mood till he felt himself calmer opened his eyes and used karate to get out of Jinks' trap this time he having success in doing it. Tom exhaled a breath once standing to find Jinks having Human blue eyes with a glare in them while shaking his arm of pain to him. 
Tom gulped and spoke "I'm sorry I clawed your arm Master."
He made sure he sounded firm with what he said as he eyed Jinks in the eyes finding the male speaking "Worthington!"
Tom frowned as the butler dubbed Worthington and not Willingham as he thought, appeared followed by Jinks speaking towards the male "See that Mister Thunder takes the stairwell route to the lobby now. I'm in no mood to take the elevator. I need my arm checked anyway."
He sighed and eyed Worthington to find the male speaking "Mister Thunder you do know where the kitchen is hmm?"
He gave a head bob not trusting his voice to find Jinks jabbing a finger to the hallway which he walked out of the gym room to the hallway to hear a loud roar of pain to him. He sighed figuring the voice was from Jinks reacting to the painful scratches he gave as he went to the dining room to knock onto the kitchen doors before walking inside. Tom found a galley kitchen from the looks of it as he saw a male with arms folded giving him a glare while wearing a cook uniform. He saw a female wearing a maid's uniform carrying a briefcase giving him a Tsk sound before walking out of the kitchen doors slamming in a bang sound. Tom frowned and didn't say a word in response to eye the cook who gave up an Hmph sound and went to the wall at the end of the kitchen to wave a hand over a tile. He heard a faint beep sound to find the wall opening showing a door and got gestured to leave. 
Tom obeyed hearing the door slam shut behind him to find himself facing one of Jinks' guards who spoke "Excuse me the way to the lobby's stairs is that way up. It's a lengthy walk I'm sorry sir to the hallway that leads to the stairs to the lobby in question."
He exhaled a breath and without a word went up the stairs meeting various guards of males and females clad in Master Organization army uniforms who kept on urging him to go up the stairs despite he reaching landings. 
Tom found his efforts to sit and rest blocked by guards speaking their familiar line "Absolutely not! You may not sit and rest! It's frowned around here by the Master towards visitors and servants! Get moving now!"
He groaned once reaching the desired landing by the guard indicating it by opening a wall and speaking "Get inside now!"
Tom felt his legs whining in pain stumbled into the hallway that only had a red light at the end he saw was over a camera dome. He stumbled walking bumping into the walls towards the red light as he heard the wall shut behind him. 
Tom reached the red illuminated door to find it said "Emergency Exit. No admittance."
He felt himself too tired to move sat down leaning against the wall only to get the door opening and a guard a female walking in giving him a glare and jabbing a finger making a shooing out gesture. Tom groaned softly which he without a word got up and walked out to sit on the landing only to get the guards' familiar line again making him annoyed. He ignored the guard's blaring to remain sitting till he felt compelled to kneel obeyed shutting his eyes to hear silence from the female. Tom breathe deeply willing his strength back while kneeling and resting seemingly lengthy till he felt a tap on his shoulder to open his eyes finding the female was joined by a male guard giving him a glare.
Tom eyed the male who spoke "The Master is impatient for you to be out of his residence so get down the stairs now."
He obeyed finding his strength back some what and felt himself able to go down the stairs seemingly lengthy urged to go on by the guards till he reached a door at the bottom to find the guard getting it open for him. 
Tom walked out into the lobby to groan softly and without a word went outside to get the familiar lights' blaring by the presses along with questions he heard "Where have you been Mister Thunder?! How did you heal up from the burns of the fire anyway?! Did you know that the fire was deadly enough to take out other people despite you surviving it?!"
He sighed hearing silence from the crowd as he felt the blaring lights quit to his relief to find Jinks standing in the entrance having arms folded Freeloader style while giving him a glare with the Master in control. 
Tom didn't comment a response towards Jinks instead spoke loudly "Excuse me. I believe the Missus wants me home ASAP."
He heard nothing in response to his words as he found a sedan parked at the curb in front of the building having see through windows to groan softly and without a word sensed himself filmed as he got into the car and buckled up his seatbelt. Tom eyed the window with a hand wave as the car drove away reaching bad traffic as usual which he continued to eye out the window impatiently waiting for the vehicle to reach Victoria's building. He frowned finding the driver driving the car to Victoria's apartment building from the looks of it to sigh softly seeing presses gathered outside blaring lights onto him as he was ordered out. Tom came out of the car to the light's glare to hear questions aimed at Victoria Montreal as he felt himself grabbing a feminine body he recognized from the feel was Victoria's and spun her around hearing her laughing. He smiled fully to land a kiss onto Victoria's mouth feeling her hand rubbing his scarred cheek he feeling happy to have her touching him as he dipped her into a lengthy kiss hearing oohs from the people nearby. 
He sensed himself filmed ignored the sensation to break off the kiss while speaking loudly "I missed you."
Tom adjusted Victoria's form to straighten up her while resuming kissing her. 
He sighed as Victoria broke off the kiss to speak "I missed you."
Tom didn't say another word instead smiled at her as she took his hand and pulled him through the crowd into the building to the elevator he seeing the mirrors were gone from there. He sighed as Victoria pressed the button to the elevator to shut by pressing the button to their floor. He saw this was followed by sensing them still filmed to resume kissing her on the lips despite she giving him a glare he feeling the elevator move. Tom felt Victoria patting him on the cheek which he cut the kissing to get her glaring at him while waving her left hand in his face.
Tom frowned as she spoke "Sorry Tom but I'm married to someone else at the moment."
He felt his mood plummet further as Victoria handed him a set of keys he gripped followed by her adding "The public is still seeing this marriage between us over now, including the issue of me married to someone else, at the moment. But their seeing you as part of the romance genre involving authors' writings and how to act in it. Hence you seen acting weird towards me involving that behavior."
Tom groaned softly and got from Victoria as the elevator stopped onto her apartment's floor "The apartment and its contents is yours to keep. I'm currently living elsewhere at the moment. Sorry I can't say where so go now."
He walked out and went to the apartment to let himself inside and slammed the door to put the keys onto the bookshelf's basket. He felt himself angry yanked off his shoes carelessly tossing them aside. Tom darted into his exercise room stripping himself of the rugby top while throwing it onto the couch. He felt a familiar feeling of deadness hitting him kneeled and willed forwards the Berserker through ignoring himself filmed. Tom brought clawed hands onto his arms while in folded positions and clawed grooves onto the area he welcoming the pain forcing himself to avoid the feeling of deadness. Tom sighed loudly once the pain hit over taking the feeling and willed aside the Berserker. He got up and went to the boxer's bag and began kicking, footing and fisting it seemingly lengthy while forcing himself to practice the karate over and over till night vision blared in his eyesight. Tom quit the attack onto the boxer's bag and went into the bedroom to find every trace of Victoria was gone from the room when he turned on the light by light switch. He again felt the deadness hitting him felt himself too tired forced himself to lie down onto the bed holding his own blanket from a previous apartment on it and pillows with his own pillowcases he shut his eyes and passed out unconscious.

Tom came to smelling salt air while feeling the deadness hitting him which he jerked open his eyes finding himself on the sandy island surrounded by ocean water he felt the Berserker refused to take control no matter how he tried to will it forwards. He felt himself filmed ignored the sensation to claw his arms with his nails finding them appear to be cut so short and appeared to be manicured that way. He paced back and forth on the sandy island before doing karate till he felt compelled to kneel obeyed. Tom kneeled to get a light show in front of him showing Jinks he saw which he got up in a fast move to charge towards the male with feet and fists flying. He felt himself knocked into a kneeling position despite his deadness taking control and once again found himself in Jinks' familiar arm trap. Tom gave up nonsense sounds finding himself furiously angry abruptly as he clawed Jinks' arm finding his nails not doing anything to the male's arm. He cut his roaring as Jinks was felt pulling onto his long hair from behind and quit the clawing of the male's arm. Tom once again felt the familiar feeling of deadness hitting him groaned while forcing himself to remain still while staring at the vast moving ocean. He forcing himself not to welcome the feeling instead retreated within his mind back in his dream world he recalled he dreamed of while suffering from the feeling. Tom felt his hair pulled hard repeatedly breaking his daydreaming despite his efforts to daydream found the pain overtook his zoned out status. He felt the familiar deadness feeling hit him groaned again and found himself crying tears abruptly while wailing nonsense sounds. Tom kept up the wailing seemingly lengthy while crying he eyed the sky thrusting his head up towards it. He felt himself freed from Jinks' arm trap to lower his head while bending down putting arms around his middle and continued on crying his sounds and tears. Tom cried seemingly lengthy till he curled into a ball and shut his eyes to come to feeling himself lying on a bed he felt was his from Victoria's apartment while lying on his back. He felt a rumbling vibration on his chest along with bare fur jerked open his eyes with a start to find sunlight blaring into the apartment from an open blinded window. Tom groaned and eyed the cat he figuring was sitting on top of him that was a calico from looks of it and appeared to feel like a female. He sighed to figure that someone must have dropped off the cat while he was asleep. Tom eyed the cat warily to find her arching her back followed by licking his face and giving off meows in begging tones while rubbing her face onto his face. He sighed to figure that it mean feeding time for her. Tom got up after the cat darted off him he tracked going into his exercise room he figured he'll refer it from now on. He peered into the room while hearing mews sounding of kittens to spot the cat going into his closet which he peered to find her sitting in a box with various kittens in it that looked recently born to him. Tom sighed and didn't say a word went to the kitchen unit to put some food for the cat he figured he'll refer her as Missy. He found Missy happily eating the wet food including munching on some dry food before darting to the hallway leading to his exercise room. Tom eyed the refrigerator to find a note taped to it. He read the note as a list of foods he could take in for his health only and found from memory that the list involved greens such as vegetables and salads including various drinks he was allowed to take in. He recalled trying out beer as the Humans called it in a bar once in California and didn't like the taste of it and had always avoided the alcoholic drink period. Tom sighed and eyed the refrigerator to find it contained various foods he recognized was on the list as the landline phone rang loudly. 
Tom found the caller ID said "City gonoid hospital."
He sighed and picked up the phone speaking "Yes this is Tom Thunder. I do have a Mama cat in my possession who already birthed six kittens. Please send someone to check them out health wise."
He clamped his mouth shut to hear "Alright thank you for your honesty Mister Thunder. An anonymous caller called reporting seeing a pregnant cat going into this building while carried by someone matching your description. I do warn you that you don't have a license for fostering the cats despite having experience. We did a background check onto you Mister Thunder. Sorry the gonoid control will have to take in the cat and her kittens in question."
He spoke firmly as he could "I'm fine with that. Just let me know when I can help out with the adoption issues regarding the cats. I did commercials-"
Tom was interrupted "Yes we're aware of that you did commercialized work for the City gonoid hospital regarding cat adoptions. We have your number on hand and will give you a call once the opportunity comes up for this to be done. Please expect gonoid control to show up at your residence whenever they can show up."
He spoke "Anything else Ma'am?"
He got "No nothing else but goodbye."
Tom hung up the landline phone to go sit onto the couch. He sighed to get up feeling himself not clad in his rugby top which he put on and resumed sitting on the couch to recall Missy's litter box and not knowing where it was. He took a look in the exercise room to find cat waste on the floor in the bathroom and saw that litter box was ignored. 
He sighed and figured to himself "I might as well leave that for the gonoid control to use for testing."
Tom went to sit down on the couch once clad in his rugby top in the living room portion of the apartment. He eyed the TV the flat screened monitor to pick up the remote turning it on and set it on mute with the captions on to read in case he needed to hear for the doorbell. Tom found himself watching a tabloid TV show despite the early afternoon hour he discovering it was live. 
He felt annoyance take hold seeing a picture of himself via car on the tabloid show along with the reporter saying "Mister Tom Thunder as he wishes to be called, is back from his healing sleep from his injuries via the fire he suffered in a cabin in Washington State. Mister Montreal his ex-Father in Law when reached for comments says that he's grateful that favored son in Law is well healed enough to have his own life instead of contained at an unknown hospital costing him money a day to pay for his medical care."
Tom exhaled a breath to shut off the TV feeling himself annoyed. He got up and went to the exercise room to do karate onto the boxer's bag only to hear a loud yowl from Missy along with panicky mews. He sighed and quit the attack onto the boxer's bag to go to the closet to sit down next to Missy in a box while eyeing her warily to find her go to sleep ignoring him as her kittens quit their panicky mews. He sighed and sat leaning against the wall seemingly lengthy till the doorbell rang. Tom groaned softly hearing Missy giving off a loud yowl along with hearing panicky mews from the kittens. He forced himself to get up going to the apartment's entrance to peer through the peephole finding two cops appearing to be gonoid control from the looks of the females. 
Tom undid the locks and opened the door speaking "Come in. You'll find Missy I call her in the closet of the room off the right in the hallway there. Her litter box is in that room's bathroom she ignored. You'll find her waste on the floor. I left the crap alone due to thinking you might need to test her solid waste for anything health wise."
He jabbed a finger in the hallway's direction to find one cop going in there while carrying a duffle bag and a cat carrier. 
Tom shifted to face the other cop with a frown to find her tapping onto her handheld computer pad before questioning him "What have you been feeding her?"
He didn't say a word in response went to the kitchen unit to pull out a can of food that was twin to what he fed Missy including the dry food and held them up towards the cop who appeared to scan the barcodes via cell phone's camera. 
Tom spoke firmly "The cat food is what I normally feed the Mama cats from experience of taking care of them. I haven't changed the cat food diet till you tell me to do that I will. It's your business to tell me what food is proper for Mama cats I get into my residence before having you come to take them in."
He clamped his mouth shut as he put away the cat food on the cop's shooing gesture and stood with arms folded finding her resuming tapping onto her handheld computer pad. Tom felt himself annoyed but didn't say a word towards the female till her partner arrived into the room carrying her duffle bag and cat carrier sounding of mews in panicky tones while hearing a yowl of a cat in there.
He spoke once the female reached him "I've been dubbing her Missy if you like to know what name I've used. Just let me know how's she's doing health wise. I'll see if I can help out with the adoption issues."
He clamped his mouth shut to see the cops to his door finding the one holding the handheld computer speaking towards him "Alright. The Mayor passed an ordinance quite recently that the public is still clueless about it. The ordinance law regards Mama cats in question. If their found their to be brought immediately to the nearest City gonoid hospital branch in the city. They can't be taken home for them to birth the kittens or people will get a fine for that."
Tom felt his mood flatten hearing that as the female added "I'm giving you an exception this time due to hearing how out of touch you've been. Just keep yourself aware of the city's laws and ordinances. You'll find the laws detailed at the public library in Remembrance Isle. Good day."
He gave a head bob in response gently shut the door locking it and with a groan forced himself to clean the apartment of cat crap putting the remainder of the items away in the pantry closet. Tom sighed to find there wasn't a garbage deposal for the kitty litter recalled a garbage bin in an alleyway with a groan. He went to put on his sneakers and got a phone call to his landline.
Tom picked it up to hear "This is your friendly post office. Your mailbox is full. This is a reminder to empty it out or personal mail will be thrown out in the garbage bin in the garage."
He sighed hearing the electronic squeaky voice sounding on the phone followed by a beep sound and hung up to recall that there was a garage to the building for personal cars to be parked including a garbage bin. Tom picked up his keys and pocketed them to carry the garbage bag to the elevator taking it to the garage's floor to come out grimacing. He grimaced finding the elevator had a couple inside kissy face onto each other and ignoring him and his ahem noises. Tom went to the garbage bin to toss out the bag of garbage. He heard a yowl sounding from within the bin to peer to find a cat an orange one looking somewhat healthy to him but had white stuff on its fur. He sighed and reached out a hand and picked up the cat via the scruff of the neck it not protesting to it. Tom carried the cat underneath one arm to outside the garage's entrance to find taxis going by. He signaled for one while holding the cat to sense himself filmed to ignore the feeling till a taxi arrived letting off a customer. 
Tom got inside speaking firmly towards the driver a Highlander via the ears peeking out of long black hair "City gonoid hospital please."
He got from the driver sounding Highlander like "Affirmative sir."
Tom didn't say a word as the driver got him to the City gonoid hospital's building which he paid the fare via handprint then got out still carrying the cat that was purring in his arm's grips by the vibrations. He entered the building to reach the desk speaking an ahem sound towards the receptionist to find her looking up doing a double take look.
Tom spoke firmly "One of the employees of this building told me of a city ordinance regarding Mama cats' found were to be brought in, excuse me."
He clamped his mouth shut finding the female ordering him to sit which he obeyed to find a vet tech arriving with a towel he handed her the cat she wrapping around the cloth. 
He speaking "Excuse me kindly tell me how the cat is doing. I'm willing to pay for its care if it's necessary."
Tom got a head bob from the vet tech who took the cat away which he resumed sitting down to pick up a book he grimacing seeing it was a Veronica Thomas book he already read and looked worn to him. He sighed to force himself to read while grimacing repeatedly till an ahem sound broke his reverie. 
He looked up to find the familiar vet tech was back holding a handheld computer pad and speaking towards him "Can you confirm that you're Tom Thunder?"
Tom spoke firmly "That would be me. Let me know what I can do to help out the City gonoid hospital with cat adoptions. I did work for them before."
He frowned finding the vet tech instead of answering kept on tapping onto the computer before cutting it off and speaking towards him "Alright. The cat that you brought in appeared to have some kind of poisonous chemical onto its fur hence the use of a towel in question."
He hissed a breath loudly to get her clearing her throat which he cut his noises to get her speaking again "The cat in question turns out to have food residue onto its fur and not poison. It turns out to belong to someone else via microchip that was reported missing. The owner is being contacted on this issue. I do warn you that the owner gave out a reward for finding the missing cat reportedly in a thousand dollar number-"
Tom interrupted "Tell the owner to donate the reward money to the City gonoid hospital. I think you could use the money more than I anyway. I surrendered a Mama cat quite recently so I use the money for her care instead. Sort of pay it forwards towards you and the gonoid hospital. I'm pretty sure you need donations am I right?"
He eyed the female who cleared her throat then spoke "Yes we run mostly on donations. Yes I'll tell the owner on what you requested. Anyway as for Missy as she's dubbed she's currently being tested at the moment for anything serious within her. Her kittens have been tested and seemed to be in perfect health. You do know of the new ordinance regarding Mama cats in question Mister Thunder?"
Tom spoke firmly "One of the gonoid control's officers told me of that ordinance and claimed that it's recent hence she making an exception towards me. I'm willing to pay the fine for that if that's not the case."
He got from her "Actually that ordinance is really quite recent this month with commercials still in production to broadcast within the city on that new law at the moment. The news' affiliates have balked broadcasting anything regarding that law despite still broadcasting gonoids for adoption at the moment. 
Tom spoke firmly again "I'm willing to help out bring attention to that law via news' affiliates. Besides I got a soft touch towards cats something that got passed down to me."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing the vet tech who did a double take look before clearing her throat and speaking "That's all you can do here Mister Thunder. Any questions sir?"
He shook his head and got up to hold up his hand finding her shaking it in a tight grip manner. Tom walked away going out of the building to signal for a cab he didn't have long to wait. He found a minivan stopping to show a couple with a young girl looking excited to him and running inside followed by her parents he assumed as he got inside the vehicle. Tom found the driver was a dark skinned Human with a turban he speaking the location to his home building after buckling up the seatbelt and shutting the door gently. He sighed as the driver without a word drove the minivan to his building which he paid the fare then walked into the building to go to the mailbox. He found his numbered mailbox to open it via key to find it filled with papers and a package with his name on it in Victoria's handwriting making him grimace seeing. Tom went into the elevator to take it to the apartment's floor. He got out grimacing for a couple got onto the elevator and appeared to be kissy faced onto each other ignoring him. Tom went to the apartment to find an envelope taped to his door with management on it in printed wording. He sighed and took the envelope inside the apartment and locked the door to open the thing. He found a notice from the management office of a change of title to the apartment from Victoria Montreal to his name as owner. He sighed and placed the envelope in the bin in the coat closet then opened the package to find it contained a familiar jewelry box. Tom sighed opening the jewelry box to find it contained the jewelry he gave Victoria during the time he was married to her including finding a diamond ring with a choker chain attached he knew from memory he didn't give her. Tom frowned finding the choker had a note taped to it. He pulled the choker out including the note to find it was in his handwriting as a gift to give her on Remembrance Day. Tom put the jewelry box down on the coffee table to groan while sitting down rubbing a hand over his eyes. He forced himself to pick up the jewelry box shutting it closed and stuffed the thing into the coat closet's bin containing his personal paperwork.
Tom spoke to himself "I might as well give the jewelry to a pawn shop. Use the proceeds to go to the City gonoid hospital anyway. I don't aim to keep the money."
He sighed feeling himself fine with what he said out loud went to eye the calendar on the wall this time was of kittens via the pictures on it. He sighed finding that Halloween aka Jinks Montreal's birthday had passed and that it was the month of November in the Humans' twelve month calendar still kept despite Shadan took two extra months to do a full circle around the sun in its planetary orbiting. 
Tom groaned softly to get the phone ringing loudly which he picked it up speaking "Tom Thunder here yes?"
He heard on the phone "There's a particular reason why Isis gave you that jewelry actually."
He stiffened hearing the Highlander voice sounding on the phone using the Isis name as referred by the High Council towards Jinks' females not sparing offsprings as he continued to hear "Your finances are in First Ones' terms shot at the moment Mister Thunder. You barely have anything to use for buying food for this month once your supply runs out. Your money you earn about almost all of it was given to the Stuntman's Association who hit you with a lawsuit. They accused you of using them to kill yourself actually."
He gulped hearing the Highlander's words as the male continued "The lawsuit was settled out of court with your money you earned from them repaid back to them just to drop the lawsuit. It was done actually."
Tom groaned softly as the Highlander added "Besides I know of an auction house named Christie's that'll be willing to take the jewelry to auction for you. Their famous for auctioning various jewelry belonging to celebrities actually who hope to gain monetary value from that."
He sighed softly as the Highlander rattled off a number he wrote down via pad attached to the wall with a pen and got from the male "Ask for Juliette Leeward when giving them a call. She runs auctions for celebrities with no questions asked and doesn't charge fees for the auctioning. Ask for her. She'll do the auctioning for you without asking any nosy questions."
Tom heard the dial tone in his ear hung up the phone and dialed the number to reach Christie's auction house. 
He spoke firmly "Juliette Leeward please."
He heard a "Just a moment please while I transfer you to her."
Tom waited patiently as a feminine voice sounding Highlander accented spoke "Juliette Leeward here. I'm told to expect a call from you Sir and no need to tell me who you are. I know from your voice actually."
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak firmly "I have jewelry from a previous relationship I wish to get rid of. Christie's was recommended for the jewelry's removal actually."
He listened as Juliette gave him instructions on how the auctioning was going to go. 
Tom got told "You're to send Christie's the jewelry via package that is addressed to me via post office courier to receive it. Can you do that?"
He looked around to find a box on the floor next to the kitchen's lower cabinets having Juliette's name on it with address to Christies included on it. 
He spoke "Yes I can do that. Anything else?"
Tom heard "Just send the package ASAP mailed at the local post office to mail it for you. Don't leave the package for the post officer to receive it. Just mail it and every thing will be set for you."
He heard her rattle off the times and hours of the post office he checking the clock to find he had an hour's time frame before they were closed. Tom listened as Juliette added the location to the post office he was to mail to sigh recalling it was in Queenstown and not in Remembrance Isle. 
He spoke firmly "I'll see if I can do this mailing the next day. My residence isn't walking distance from the post office in Queenstown actually."
Tom heard from Juliette "That's fine just mail the package before seven days from now is up. That's the deadline I set for you and who else to send to Christie's the item for auctioning in question. We currently use the seven days to give out notices of an auction to the public who wishes to bid on the items."
He spoke "Affirmative Ma'am. Anything else I should know of?"
Tom heard "You don't need to be at Christie's for the auction actually. It's done by people anonymously actually. I'll send you the proper monetary documents to your assigned lawyer of the group McBroom and Associates to handle the money being transferred to you anonymously in question. So good luck on the auction like I always tell everyone giving Christie's items for auctioning. That's all I can tell you Sir. Any questions?"
He spoke "No thank you."
He heard the dial tone in his ear hung up the phone to go to the closet to take out the jewelry box he finding it fit into the package for mailing. He made sure to take out traces of him and Victoria in the jewelry box despite finding only one note in his handwriting inside it. 
Tom made sure the package was securely holding the jewelry box with the jewelry inside it he set into the closet thinking to himself "I might as well hide this till I get to mail it tomorrow."
His stomach growled of hunger to groan and without a word went to the kitchen unit to prepare a meal via cooking on the stove. Tom ate the food once it was done via plate while holding a fork in his left hand. He put the dishes into the sink once done eating and drinking.
He thinking "The dishwasher is going to be useless for awhile regardless of living alone in here."
Tom went to the TV to turn on reading the captions till he turned off the mute button and listened to the monitor blaring a tabloid TV program he finding himself disgusted to hear. He clicked channels finding the TV's service focused onto local channels in New York City despite getting a tabloid channel that focused onto the city to his annoyance. Tom ignored the tabloid's channel to focus onto the local news's affiliate he finding the vet tech wasn't kidding on what she said about them ignoring saying reports on the new ordinance regarding Mama cats. 
He sighed once the phone rang loudly to turn off the TV going to the landline checking the caller ID to find it said "Verona Vander Incorporation."
Tom frowned to pick up the phone speaking "Hello?"
He heard "Is this Tom Thunder I'm speaking to?"
He heard the feminine voice of a Highlander on the phone spoke "Yes that's me. What can I do for you?"
Tom listened "Miss Vander is hiring you for escorting newly discovered female models from other cities and towns. Some are young as eighteen. You're to work as their bodyguard and tour guide to keep them out of trouble including keeping the men off of them from targeting them inappropriately. She's willing to pay you a generous sum reportedly in a high thousand dollar number for bodyguards to be paid in question. Miss Vander says that she'll send someone over to your residence once you agree to this with the proper documentation and uniform for you to wear. What do you say Mister Thunder?"
He spoke firmly "I agree to this Ma'am. I'm willing to work. Anything else?"
He heard from the female "Your doorbell will be rung three times at an hour's time frame so answer it regardless of the evening hour."
Tom heard the dial tone in his ear sighed and hung up the phone to eye the time which he went to sit down at the couch and resumed the TV. This time he put the TV on mute and forced himself to read the captions while checking for the time till the doorbell rang three times at the appointed time frame. Tom went to peer through the peephole finding a doorman from the looks of his uniform carrying a clothes' case over his shoulder while holding a briefcase. He yanked open the door to get the doorman barging inside in a fast move while using Builder voice talent orders he finding himself compelled to shut the door and lock it. Tom eyed the Builder warily who thrust him the clothes' case towards him by hook which he took to peer into it to find it contained a black suit without a tie and reminded him of Jinks' clothing but had a business suit jacket included this time including wraparound sunglasses. 
He eyed the Builder who set the briefcase onto the table and held up forms speaking "This needs your signature Mister Thunder. Excuse the disguise of appearing to look like a doorman but Miss Vander wants this done secretly ASAP."
Tom didn't say a word in response took the papers after putting the clothes' case onto the couch and read the forms as thoroughly as he could before signing the forms at where the Builder instructed him in Summeran language to sign. 
He obeyed to hand the forms back and to get the Builder handing him a cell phone and adding "This is your assigned cell phone for this job. Beware that the job involves being called at without a moment's notice. Even at various hours of the day and night for doing this job in question. It starts tonight once I give word of this via phone to the incorporation in question."
He gave a head bob in response to pocket the cell phone finding the Builder leaving the apartment which he locked the door behind the male only to hear the phone ringing to his annoyance.
Tom saw the caller ID said "McBroom and Associates."
He picked up the phone to open his mouth to hear "Miss Vander has an ulterior motive on hiring you into service Mister Thunder."
Tom shut his mouth hearing the male voice of a Highlander to hear "Miss Vander was hoping to play matchmaker with eligible females onto you to date and pick for a marriage in question. She's hoping that you would be interested in one of the females at places you go to bodyguard in question enough to date."
He hissed out a breath hearing the words as the Highlander added ignoring his noise "Publicity your known as ex-husband of Victoria Montreal at the moment with no known name known. The public has labeled you as a womanizer as their called who likes to date various females before picking out one to marry. Miss Vander used the excuse of you acting inappropriately towards your ex-wife as a reason for being a womanizer to the tabloids via word of mouth sources said paid to say it to them. The tabloids have taken the bait on this issue at the moment."
Tom spoke "What about the jewelry that this ex-wife mailed to me? I said I would get them to an auction house via other sources."
He frowned to get from the Highlander "The auction is going to go on as scheduled but this time call the number on the caller ID to have someone pick up the package and mail it for you. There's personal servants working in the building at the moment who are paid to do chores like this to people using the residences for privacy matters."
Tom frowned hearing that as the male added "You do have a personal servant whose job is to keep your residence stocked with nourishments you're allowed to take in. The servants' job is to keep themselves out of sight of people taking in residences and only to go into apartments as their called once their aware the person their serving is out for a lengthy time period. Their job is to stock in nourishments and make sure the residence is cleaned for personal use and restocking on items the person habitually uses for personal use. That's all I'm allowed to tell you."
Tom spoke "Fine. I don't have any questions except one. Are you going to give me a moment's notice to when Miss Vander pulls a matchmaking maneuver as you call it onto me?"
He heard "Sorry I'm not at liberty to tell you. You'll have to find out what she has in mind goodbye."
He heard the dial tone in his ear groaned to hang up the phone. Tom went to the cell phone to pocket it and carried the clothes' case into the bedroom to put into Victoria's closet empty of her stuff to his annoyance. He sighed once the case was hung to go into the exercise room to sit onto the couch leaning back feeling himself needing to sleep but not willing to use the bed. Tom shut his eyes to come to hearing the familiar sound of the cell phone ringing. He checked the time via clock on the wall as he pulled out the cell phone to find an hour had passed since he fell asleep. 
Tom pulled the cell phone to his ear speaking "Yes?"
Tom heard "What do you mean yes?"
He frowned hearing the sarcastic voice tone of a female sounding Human to him as she rattled off a location walking distance from his building where the limo would be parked for him to get inside including a time he checked was in forty five minutes.
Tom heard "It's a white limo this time the sort of type for rock climbing by the SUV's design and license plate saying 'Carville'. Be ready to be there ASAP. I'm not having the limo stop if your not there."
He heard the dial tone in his ear groaned and got up going into the bedroom to get himself ready.

Tom stood outside at the designated spot sensing himself filmed the moment he arrived to there despite the wraparound sunglasses he was wearing. He felt annoyed as the white limo appearing to be a long length SUV from the looks of it parked at the curb. Tom didn't comment a response as one of the car doors opened showing a female gesturing him to get inside in a fast move which he obeyed to shut the car door. He found inside the limo was a gaggle of six females appearing to be young as eighteen while dressed to look revealing in their twenties something clothes. Tom didn't say a word in response as the female who gestured him inside ignored him while chattering with the other females he bored with their talk. He put on the seatbelt due to feeling like needing to do it and found the females ignored his order for seatbelts by refusing to acknowledge him talking. Tom sighed and leaned back in the seat feeling himself annoyed with being an escort to the females' girls' night at a bar to drink themselves drunk he hearing them talking on it. 

Tom found the bar the females were talking about was a party at some apartment building having a doorman who gave up a look of disproval on his face but let them through. He followed the females to the party in some fancy apartment having a private elevator to find it involved males' efforts to charm the women into doing sex like a prostitute. He felt himself bored of the party to lean against the bar watching the six females doing wild dancing while ignoring men's efforts for a dance or a sexual favors in bed by not acknowledging the male talking to them. Tom kept on watching the females feeling himself bored of the party finding the women were doing sexual dancing to the thumping music to each other he finding himself annoyed to see. 
Tom found the party lasted too long with the females dancing all over the place doing sexual behaviors onto each other and ignoring males talking to them till the music ended followed by hearing "Time for visitors to leave now!" 
He followed the six females to the large elevator finding other guests getting inside to hear men's efforts to get the women to go home with them for sexual favors they ignored as the ladies giggled among each other some hidden joke. Tom didn't say a word as the females got outside the building to find one of them dialing a cell phone pulled out via underwear purse he glimpsed and calling for the driver to come pick them up. He sensed himself filmed to feel annoyed with the filming as the limo arrived and got inside with the females he putting on his seatbelt. Tom didn't say a word towards the females giggling over a hidden joke while seeing them elbowed each other and having hands covering their mouths. He sighed softly to lean back in the seat while eyeing the window to get his senses blaring warning abruptly. Tom peered out the back window hearing silence from the females to find a car appearing to be a sedan tailgating the limo in a slow manner. 
He gave up a loud Hmph to hear "Someone's following is they?"
Tom shifted to eye the females finding them looking nervous to him as he spoke firmly "Seatbelts ladies."
He found his order obeyed to speak loudly towards the driver "There's a sedan following in a slow manner from behind."
He heard from the driver "Affirmative. Seatbelts are a requirement ladies."
Tom twisted to eye the window from behind watching the sedan while hearing silence from the females but quiet sobbing sounds. He twisted to eye one female was sobbing quietly while ignored by the others. He kept on looking out the window from behind to see the sedan kept up the following till police lights arrived to find the vehicle darting off in a fast move via not much traffic with a cop car seen giving chase. 
Tom spoke "Cops got the tail off of us."
He heard a loud wail from one of the females to groan softly before twisting to eye the crying females to hear loudly "Mandy admit it now what's gotten you upset!"
He frowned eyeing the female he figured was named Mandy who blurt out "There's a guy who's the reason why we're invited to this awful party in question. He paid me high priced money amounts to bring five of my friends to this party without admitting the actual reason for it. Turns out he and his friends were trying to get us into doing sexual favors from the looks of it."
Tom kept the frown as Mandy got scolded by her friends some angry but gave her support in her admittance. 
He sighed softly and didn't say a word as the limo arrived to a building he spotted wasn't his building to get told "The driver is ordered to drop you off at where he picked you up Sir."
Tom didn't say a word saw the females to the door to the building finding a doorman there who spoke "I'll see them to their residences Sir."
He gave a head bob in response and went back inside the limo to peer out the window after buckling up his seatbelt finding it arrived to the pickup spot. Tom got out shutting the door and went down the street to his building finding army men walking on the sidewalks that gave him glares while jabbing their guns aimed at him which he sighed and removed his sunglasses. Tom got them walking away in response as he put the sunglasses into his pocket and went into his apartment building to use the elevator to the floor finding a couple inside kissy face and seemingly drunk to him by slurred words used. It made him disgusted as the couple got onto the floor and proceeded to get into a mating ritual of clothes stripped while still drunk from the behavior. Tom ignored the couple once the elevator reached the desired floor to walk out and found himself ignored by them. He went to his apartment to let himself inside via key to groan softly feeling himself tired and annoyed with his job. Tom went into the bedroom to strip himself of his clothes putting it into Victoria's closet along with the shoes for it he figured he'll set it aside for the job. He felt himself tired grabbed the cell phone to place onto the bed stand and fell into bed face first and shut his eyes to pass out unconscious. 

Tom groaned hearing the familiar ring of the cell phone the day before Remembrance Day holiday that involved giving gifts to each other along in the month of January on the first day of the month. He recalling the jewelry Victoria gave him sold at the auction for each a high thousand dollar price in the hundreds as if popular among bidders he rich from the money earned. Tom sighed hearing the cell phone going off. He dreading hearing the ring of the cell phone despite still used for escorting Mandy and her entourage around town mostly for parties at the late evening hours of the night till the wee hours of the morning. He sighed hearing the insisting tone of the cell phone groaned from sleep despite the time was nine o'clock in the evening on his alarm clock. 
Tom grabbed the cell phone and spoke "Yes?"
Tom recalled it was his only greeting on the phone to Mandy's calls for escorting he finding her number flashing on the cell phone. He heard Mandy's voice as usual speaking her sarcastic question to his yes comment along with orders to meet for escort at the usual pick up spot always less than an hour for pickup period. Tom didn't say a word as she gave her usual description to the vehicle always in the color white and some version of a limo which didn't matter if it was a long lengthy SUV. 
He heard the dial tone in his ear got up grumbling out loud "Can't there be more to my life than this?"
Tom heard nothing in answer to his question went into the closet to put on the uniform along with the shoes then went into the bathroom to style his hair always pulled back into a low braid with a string jutting from it as ordered by Mandy to have his hair like it. 
He grumbled angrily "This life of mine is nuts."
Tom went to grab his cell phone putting it in a pocket along with the wraparound sunglasses which he left the apartment after locking the door and pocketing his keys, He took the familiar elevator route to the lobby to walk out to the meeting spot to stand with arms folded impatiently waiting for the limo to arrive. He felt himself annoyed as the limo was spotted but appeared to be stuck at a light he heard the cell phone ringing. 
Tom spoke "Yes?"
He heard from Mandy as usual "Can you get to the limo before the light changes green?"
He sighed and darted towards the limo crossing traffic via crosswalks dodging traffic to get into the limo after putting the cell phone into a pocket and buckling up his seatbelt. He found Mandy inside with her entourage them laughing while talking about some celebration at midnight involving kissing a guy who they hope to rope into kissing. Tom sighed recalling the Remembrance Day celebration involved the stroke of midnight for the month of January turned to a new calendar year including a tradition of couples kissing on the lips. He felt himself annoyed hearing the ladies chatter talk on which guy they were going to rope into kissing including what he looked like as rumored to be at some party for it. 

Tom felt himself bored with the party as usual to lean against the bar some restaurant having a dance floor with screens showing the famous bell that would be rung at midnight twelve times by two people chosen for the honor in Memory Square as it was dubbed. 
He sighed as he felt a tap on the shoulder to find a bartender giving him a glare and spoke "Just water please. I don't care to be drunk from the festivities."
Tom sighed as the bartender handed him bottled water he took and uncapped to sip taking his time he recalling the note on his refrigerator saying "Drinking lots of water is a must for processing your nourishment through your system."
He didn't say a word towards the bartender to hear a cheer sound from the crowd to eye one of the TV screens to find with shock Jinks standing on the platform for the bell while accompanied with a familiar male he recognized as the Mayor of New York City. He held up the bottled water in a salute watching on TV screens as the Mayor and Jinks rang the bell by tandem pulling onto the rope it ringing twelve times. He found both males shaking hands once done and found the screens shifting to show fireworks scenes as he looked for Mandy. He found her in a lip lock with an older male appearing to look old to him he didn't protest seeing. Tom sipped the water seemingly lengthy while eyeing the party finding various couples in lip locks all over the place he and the bartender were ignored staring he noticing the male staring with a glare on his face. Tom heard the music start up thumping again to get the couples breaking off the lip lock and separating to dance among each other. He eyed Mandy to find her going to dance with her familiar entourage doing wild dances as usual. Tom eyed the older male he saw kissing Mandy wasn't really old instead had a youthful face despite hair looking white he figured was bleached blond color despite the lights flashing in the room. He resumed looking around the room sipping his bottled water feeling himself bored with the scene as usual till the night sky quit and started showing sunrise to him. 
He sighed as the music quit to hear "Time Ladies and Gentlemen!"
Tom placed the water bottle down onto the bar top to find the bartender taking it away which he stood waiting for Mandy and entourage to leave finding them doing it which he followed behind closely. He followed them to the lobby of the building a hotel to find Mandy talking on her cell phone as always ordering for the driver to pick them up. Tom eyed the sky via the glass doors to find the sunlight becoming more blaring illuminating the city as the limo arrived a long lengthy SUV to park at the curb. He followed Mandy and group to the limo to sit inside buckling up his seatbelt while eavesdropping on talks on who was the guy they kissed when the bell rang. 
Tom heard from Mandy speaking "I kissed Cooper James the actor!"
He exhaled a breath to recognize the male from the name she used from recalling seeing him featured in a tabloid show as a tabloid host reporter. Tom didn't say a word as the females continued to chat on who they kissed including rating the male on how he kissed her. 
He heard one female admit "He slipped me the tongue when he kissed me!"
Tom heard her get scolded by her friends as the limo arrived to Mandy's residence building to escort the females to the door finding a doorman taking over the escort. He went back into the limo and got driven to his building which he got out keeping his sunglasses on finding the nearby walking army personal weren't glaring at him instead seemed to have looks of relief on their faces. Tom sighed and got into his apartment to find a package sitting on the coffee table with his name on it in unfamiliar handwriting. 
He opened the package to find it contained cat's toys to his confusion to spot bowls for a cat on the floor of the kitchen unit. Tom sighed to go into his bedroom stripping off his uniform followed by falling face first onto the bed still gripping the cell phone as usual. He placed the cell phone onto the bed stand and shut his eyes forcing himself to sleep out of weariness only to hear a yowl in his ear. Tom jerked himself awake to find cat paws on his bare back while feeling a cat meowing loudly in pleading tones he recognized involved wanted to be fed. He eyed the time to discover he slept for two hours and rolled over to eye the cat he finding it was a calico and gave him familiarity to him. Tom frowned eyeing the cat to find she had a brown collar on he examined after snatching her up for a hug.
He found the collar had silver ink scrawled "Missy."
Tom sighed hearing Missy give off a meow sounding annoyed to him which he put her down on the bed and went to grab his pajamas he put on which was sweatpants and a tank top in black. Tom barefoot walked to the kitchen unit to feed Missy who happily ate the food before darting to the couch to appear to sniff the box. He sighed and went to the box to dump the cat's toys onto the floor to get an excited meow from Missy to see her bat them with her paws while doing scratching onto them. Tom sighed and without a word went back to his bedroom to shut the door firmly shut and then with a groan fell back onto the bed face first and shut his eyes feeling himself needing the rest.

Tom groaned from the memory fully in his mind as he felt relieved to finally be done with the guarding Mandy and entourage job. He sighed recalling when Love Day arrived on February fourteenth is when he got a phone call from Miss Vander's Incorporation. 
He recalled hearing his landline phone ringing went to answer "Yes?"
Tom heard on the phone "Mandy's stay in the city with her friends is done. Your services is no longer needed. Someone will stop by to pick up the uniform and cell phone for it."
He spoke "Fine."
Tom heard the dial tone in his ear hung up the phone and with a groan went to the TV to view the familiar tabloid's channel this time using captions. He recalled himself always watching that channel for a glimpse of Victoria she appearing to be portrayed as some man hungry socialite that was going through marriages faster than anyone could blink. Tom found Victoria's marriage to Daniel Sawyer as he's called was still on and off with remarriages and divorces done onto each other as blared by the tabloids as always. He eyed the tabloid channel to find news of Victoria cheating onto her husband a reported Builder by reportedly hospitalized with another male's offspring with no one willing to take responsibly for the fathering. 
Tom groaned to rub a hand over his eyes hearing the news to speak out loud voice recorded by Scotland to call him via landline phone as blared by Walls to him one day "Tabloids according to the captions is saying Victoria hospitalized with a male's offspring not of her current husband some reported Builder in question."
He heard the landline phone rang went to answer to hear "Socialites hoping to gain national attention by presses have disguised themselves to appear twin to Isis. One of them with looks of Isis is currently laid up in the hospital undergoing an offspring growing production as the First Ones call it now. Isis's husband is balking tabloids efforts to break up the marriage with Isis despite them both allowed to have something called an open relationship whatever that is. I figured that you would know what it means. Excuse me can't say more."
He heard the dial tone in his ear groaned softly to hang up the phone to hear a meow followed by batting of a cat paw onto his bare feet he sighed to recognize as Missy's behavior for playing with her. Tom kneeled and went to wrestle with Missy till she ran off giving a loud yowl sound as he heard the doorbell ringing loudly. He sighed and went to the door to peer through the peephole to find the familiar uniformed male there which he yanked open the door and didn't protest as the male barged inside. He shut the door locking it and then got a golden eyed glare from the male.
Tom spoke "Excuse me a minute sir."
He went to the bedroom to the closet to take out the uniform this time always kept into its clothes' case after cleaned via a combination washer and dryer machine in the closet. He took the clothes' case and picked up the cell phone to carry it to the male thrusting them both at him. Tom didn't say a word as the male took the items pocketing the cell phone and found the Builder speaking Builder chatter to blink his eyes to discover himself waking up from bed via Missy yowling in his ear again. He sighed to recall the uniform given away including the cell phone to get up after feeling Missy batting his face with a paw and giving off her feed me noises. Tom forced himself to get up groaning softly without a word went to the kitchen to feed Missy he went to eye the Caller ID to discover two days had passed since he was knocked out asleep on the holiday date. Tom sighed feeling himself itching to do his karate by the feeling of wanting to do physical exercise he discovered it was his own body insisting on the exercises and not by the Meritanians' manipulating. 
He recalled the High Council through Onya told him "Mindbender when's the last time you had urges to exercise as the First Ones' call it anyway? Besides the Meritanians aren't amused seeing that happen among manoids. Are we right on that, Ramses?"
Tom heard from Ramses in response "Dumping manoids into a body of water is more my thing than manipulating them to exercise."
He heard the bored tone of Ramses decided then "I might as well avoid whining to them about my exercising urges."

Tom shook his head of the memory and went to the exercise room to resume doing his karate he forcing himself to keep up both Human and Freeloader taught karate. 
He recalled while doing karate "Mindbender you're to keep both forms of combative art regardless of you taught by the Freeloaders or First Ones. Just keep them both up now."
Tom went to the boxer's bag in response he heard was dubbed punching bag instead of his worded name. He sighed and began doing karate movements onto the boxer's bag he preferring to refer it by that name. 
Tom kept up the karate till his urges to do exercise quit followed by thinking "I might as well go eat something."
He went to the kitchen to cook a meal of greenery food he finding was his diet of foods as always despite an occasion of drinking herbal tea from time to time. He recalled he drinking the herbal tea was from forgetting how awful it tasted to him despite habitually drinking it from time to time. Tom didn't cook too long once done ate the food via a plate found in the dishwasher. He sighed to figure his personal servant was using the dishwasher for nourishment holders. Tom once done stuffed the plate into the dishwasher after finding it empty. 
He sighed once done to hear the landline ringing again to groan softly seeing "Verona Vander Incorporation." 
Tom picked up the phone to hear "Your performance sucks, Mister Thunder."
He rubbed a hand over his eyes hearing Verona's familiar voice to hear an ahem sound.
Tom spoke "What were you expecting me to do?"
He got from Verona "I was expecting you to be a womanizer as the tabloids are blaring. The tabloids are saying that you are still having an inappropriate relationship with your ex-wife. Also that your still pining for her-"
Tom interrupted "Excuse me you expect me to turn off my feelings towards her-"
He was interrupted "If you don't change your attitude you'll find yourself a damn has-been. You forced to work in a diner not getting anything but rudeness from people on food not cooked properly like what happened to you and your previous job in question."
Tom felt his mood plummet hearing that as Verona added "That's why Ned Garry didn't hire you back to cook for him. Too many diners whined complaints of the food not cooked properly and tasting awful to them. Hence you kicked out of the city to learn about tasting food including getting a diploma something you should be having as a must around getting a job in the city."
He felt the familiar deadness within him as Verona added "I'll be sending someone to give you a uniform and a cell phone. I expect your behavior to be better than that this time."
Tom heard the dial tone in his ear hung up the phone. He felt his mood become deadness within him went to the exercise room to charge towards the punching bag only to find himself charging towards Jinks while on the familiar sandy island. Tom gave up a roar in response and proceeded to attack Jinks while using karate as the male counterattacked his movements. He kept up the karate till Jinks got him into a familiar arm trap again he forcing himself to calm down despite feeling angry instead of deadness hitting him. Tom gave up wailing sounds of sadness hitting him repeatedly over and over till he felt himself calmer used karate to get out of Jinks' arm trap. He found himself back into his exercise room to groan loudly hearing the doorbell ringing. He went to answer the door getting a familiar Builder in a doorman's uniform barging in while carrying a clothes' case bag. Tom didn't say a word as the Builder handed him a cell phone he took and carried them both into his bedroom once the male left his apartment. 
He sighed and figured to himself "I might as well sleep."
Tom carried the cell phone to the couch in the living room placing it onto the coffee table and then leaned back shutting his eyes. 

Tom didn't protest a word as the bouncer of the bar got him to breathe the familiar device he figured was for alcoholic breath. He eyed Valerie dancing on the stage baring her breasts while wearing a thong and dancing sexually towards males as he forced himself to have an amused expression on his face. He recalled getting into a limo in the uniform of jeans and a black t-shirt including a leather jacket. Tom had made sure to style his hair into his familiar braided style with a string attached as he watched Valerie dance. He sighed recalling Valerie and he doing a mating ritual in the limo ignored by the driver a Highlander who didn't comment a response to their noises. He sighed as Valerie was joined by another female and watched them both do as sexual dance onto each other to the cheers of the males heard cheering loudly. Tom sighed forming an amused expression on his face despite trying to show he agreed with the males that the dance was amusing despite feeling himself filmed the moment he entered the bar a nightclub for men to ogle women. Tom felt the table bumped again to find the familiar bouncer was back giving him a glare and holding up the familiar breathing tube handheld computer again. He sighed and forced himself to breathe the tube finding the bouncer walking away once he was done to focus onto the dancers. He found Valerie and another dancer had left the stage and this time a young woman appearing to look late teens had taken there place and was busy dancing on the stage. He looked away to look around the bar as if needing to do it to recall asking for bottled water from a waitress only to get a cup of water that tasted awful to him after a sip of it. Tom recalled fully the table wound up knocked aside by two males getting into a drunken brawl fight they heard arguing on a female which two cops arrived and hauled the males out of the bar. He sighed to find the familiar waitress with small sized breasts bared while wearing a thong and an apron was back giving him a look on her face like she expected him to order something.
Tom heard the music was low recalled being in a previous bar spoke firmly towards the waitress "How about a lap dance hmm?"
He held up dollar bills from his jacket's pocket to find the waitress's shoulder tapped to find Valerie speaking "I'll do that for you. So shoo."
He eyed the waitress who looked relieved to him followed by walking away as he eyed Valerie still baring her large sized breasts he figured were altered to straddle his lap giving him a lap dance. Tom placed five dollar bills into her thong's waistband during the lap dance finding her avoiding kissing him on the lips despite thrusting her face towards his face and smirking while eyeing him. 
He smirked while eyeing her as she finished the lap dance to speak in his ear a whisper he hearing "Wait for me. I'll be back properly attired for a night out around town."
Tom smirked forming the expression on his face as she walked away seeing her going to the private rooms by the bouncer standing letting her pass via the entrance. He wound up looking around seemingly lengthy till Valerie dressed in a dress that highlighted her breasts but covered them up came into sight. He got up and took her arm and found them both followed on the way out to the street while walking she laughing loudly and kissing him on the lips he kissing her back despite them filmed he felt. Tom broke off the kiss once a fist was felt punching his back to jerk as a fist landed onto his face. He stepped back finding the fists belong to a male and proceeded to do karate defensively onto the man who kept on throwing fists.
He heard from the male sounding firm and not drunk "Stay away from her! She's mine!"
Tom found Valerie joining the fight to slap the male on the cheek and heard her speaking "I'm not yours you jerk! Stay away from me!"
He heard sirens to find the male refused to quit punching while knocking Valerie to the ground who gave up a loud scream sound. Tom didn't protest as cops arrived and arrested all three of them followed by getting them into a van in separate seats. 
He heard from the male vulgarity aimed at Valerie including saying "She's my wife. She's supposed to be doing what I say as I her husband period."
Tom heard nothing from Valerie and the male further as the cops got them into the precinct and booked into jail in separate jail cells. He laid his form down onto the bed as if feeling like needing some rest to shut his eyes only to come to hearing a siren sound of an alarm clock. Tom jerked open his eyes finding a female cop holding a familiar device in her hand appearing to be an alarm clock while giving him a glare and gesturing him to get up. He obeyed to follow her out of the jail cell to an interrogation room facing a familiar female that reminded him of Alina Visser but figured that she was Alisa a family member of her. Tom sat back with arms folded as Alisa by the name plate of Visser seen held up a remote control aimed at a blank wall in the room him seeing a scene. He saw the scene involved a wedding scene with Valerie and the male who picked a fight with him.
Tom kept his mouth shut as the scene stopped to focus onto Alisa who spoke while holding up a piece of paper towards him "Take a look Mister Thunder."
He obeyed to discover it was a marriage license between a Valerie Portman and Cooper James Junior to figure it belonged to the female the male got into a fight about.
Tom spoke firmly once Alisa lowered the paper "So she's married. It doesn't give her husband the right to pick a fight with me. He could have handled the situation better as in using words instead of fists aimed at me."
He glared at Alisa who gave up an Hmph sound followed by her speaking "Miss Verona Vander called to say that you were hired in service of body guarding Missus James once word got out of you arrested. This is mostly by hidden presses recording the scene of the fight which proved that Mister James was the one who started the fight in question. Your right he should have used words instead of fists at you."
He hissed a breath loudly as Alisa kept talking "Missus James is currently claiming that you're just a bodyguard to her and nothing more. That despite Mister James keeps on claiming something else than just body guarding in question."
Tom quit the hissing sounds to find Alisa giving him a glare which he spoke firmly "Being a bodyguard to Missus James included acting like a boyfriend to her just to keep males from targeting her inappropriately in case you wanted to know. I'm disappointed that her husband found this inappropriate and decided to let his fists do the talking."
He heard a door knocking sound to find a male cop at the door speaking "Visser, the One is here."
He heard the emphasize on the word one frowned while eyeing Alisa who got up giving him a glare and walked out of the room with the male cop taking her place. 
He glared at the male who spoke "Tell me your version of the story that happened to you regarding Missus James and her husband now."
Tom obeyed finding the cop was sarcastic on his wording towards till a door knocking sound was heard he looked to find another cop there who spoke "The One wants him out now."
He frowned at the wording One to find the male jabbing a finger aimed at him and pointing it towards the door which he got up and met Jinks in the hallway displaying the Master in control. He noticed that Alisa was glaring at Jinks while the other cops gathered around seemed nervous to him. 
Tom noticed that Alisa wasn't nervous instead was angry while glaring at Jinks he heard once he reached the male "Anything else Miss Visser? This ridiculous containment towards my favored son in law ends now. You haven't charged him with anything yet according to your companions Miss Visser."
He found Alisa giving up a sound of disgust in response followed by hearing from her "Get your miserable excuse of a son in law out of my precinct now!"
Tom got from Jinks "Your precinct Miss Visser? You forget who holds the purse strings Miss Visser."
He spoke before Alisa could resort a remark "Just get me out of here."
He spoke his words in a sarcastic voice tone to find Jinks giving him a glare while shifting to glare at Alisa and jabbing a finger aimed at her. He frowned as Jinks ordered him to follow which he obeyed going outside to the limo parked in the street despite a gaggle of presses gathered outside that became silent seeing them both leaving the precinct. Tom got inside the limo with Jinks to hear a growling noise from the male sounding of an angry tone.
He willed forwards Sinister and spoke firmly "Don't throw a hissy fit Jinks."
He got Jinks willing aside the Master and glaring at him while speaking "Alisa Visser keeps triggering my mood for mating whenever I'm near her. It takes my Master abilities in control to keep myself from acting onto my behavior towards her. It's bothering me so excuse my hissy fit as you call it."
Tom willed aside Sinister to buckle up his seatbelt while ordering "Seatbelts. Safety first Jinks."
He got nothing from Jinks but the male obeying to his seatbelt order while again hearing growling noises from him. Tom sighed as the limo went through the city passing by his building to his confusion to notice Jinks give him a glare.
He spoke "That's my residence your driver is driving by."
Tom got from Jinks "Yes I'm aware of it. But I don't care to drop you off there with the fuss of you arrested. Presses are having a field day according to servants telling me that. Their sort of calling you a bad boy or black sheep of the family whichever it is, Hmph."
Tom frowned forming it on his lips while eyeing Jinks as the male added "The servants have managed to tell me that Victoria is going through marriages like nuts. I got the true story from her. She's still married to Mister Sawyer despite the presses are trying to break them up like their doing to anyone else publicity married. This time their using claims of cheating as reason for the breakup attempts."
He felt his mood plummet hearing Jinks' words as he spoke firmly "I'm still in hell over the breakup of pairing towards Victoria in question."
He got Jinks giving him a glare with the Master in control added "Miss Verona Vander hired me into her Incorporation to play womanizer towards females I'm to escort around town. I didn't do that at first till she made a personal call to me which I did that to Missus James. I wound up doing this ridiculous behavior at the bar I escorted Missus James working there in question. Hence I arrested for her husband picking a fight with me after I and Missus James got into some kissy faced behavior in public."
He clamped his mouth shut to glare at Jinks who willed aside the Master from the looks of the male's eyes to display a glaring expression of anger aimed at him. 
Tom found Jinks giving him looks of accusation spoke recalling the High Council throwing him into pairings with females "You sure the boneheads aren't trying to manipulate pairings towards you in question?"
He got Jinks giving off a sound of disgust to add "The boneheads pulled this pairing stunt onto me. Hence I and Victoria paired together for offsprings to form before the stinking Humans tore us apart. I'm still furious with them for that stunt at the moment."
He glared at Jinks to find the vehicle entering Jinks' building followed by ordered out which he got out to follow the male to the elevator. Tom kept his mouth shut as he eyed Jinks who spoke the command for his residence while having the Master in control. He kept his mouth shut further as he followed Jinks into the residence to hear a meow sounding annoyed to him. Tom looked at the couch as if drawn to find Missy sleeping on there that gave up another annoyed meow before resuming her sleeping status. He found Snowy no where in sight to frown giving Jinks a glare who noticed his glare.
Jinks he glared at spoke "Babysitting King Winter's pet ended hence I given your cat Missy as she's dubbed to take care of. Missy is seemingly cranky all the time while I had her in my residence."
He sighed and spoke seeing Jinks giving him a glare despite the Master in control seen "Missy was found in my residence having kittens which I gave her to animal control. Then quite recently she wound up in my residence as my companion pet but I did notice her cranky mood whenever it comes for demanding food."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Jinks as he heard a loud meow from Missy sounding annoyed to him to groan softly which he added "Excuse me I'll see if I can get out of this getup. I aim to use your gym room once I'm comfortable."
He made a motion to walk towards the spare bedroom only to get Jinks blocking his way finding the male giving him a narrowed black eyed glare.
Tom spoke firmly "What is it you're trying to tell me?"
Tom glared at Jinks who spoke "Getup? What are you babbling about now?"
Tom sighed and gestured to his clothes "Miss Verona Vander gave me the clothes via messenger to wear as a uniform while out as a womanizer as she calls it."
He glared at Jinks who gave up an Hmph sound to get from the male "Interesting that Miss Vander would do that. I was underneath the impression that you knew how to dress properly while out in public. Hence I always seen in what I'm always wearing."
He sighed again and spoke firmly "I've been out of touch with the fads and styles males are supposed to be wearing when it comes to this city while out partying actually."
Tom glared at Jinks finding his mood to sigh quit to his relief to find the male willing aside the Master and speaking after appearing to sniff him "Get into the shower now. You reek of women's perfume from the smell of you."
He sighed and obeyed to get into the bedroom's bathroom to find Victoria joining him in the shower he confused to see her. Tom found Victoria adjusting the water to her heat toleration levels while glaring at him. He glared at her and willed forwards Sinister while folding his arms as she willed forwards the Master.
Tom glared as Victoria spoke "Dabbling among the ladies, Tom?"
He heard the sarcasm of her voice spoke after willing aside Sinister "What are you doing here anyway? Should you be with your husband I hear is giving you what you want hmm?"
He glared at Victoria as she willed aside the Master to thrust the soap towards him he gripped and found her speaking "Just wash my back now."
Tom didn't comment a response obeyed to get Victoria into a mating ritual she not protesting to him manipulating her to do that. He once done with the mating pulled out and found Victoria babying him all over with the soap including not sparing his privates. He ignored Victoria's babying and found her not protesting to him soaping her all over in response including not sparing her privates. Tom sighed once they both were done showering to walk out grabbing a towel only to get Victoria grabbing it and toweling him off which he eyed her doing it to herself. He got into his clothes of a fresh pair of jeans and a grey rugby top along with putting on the undergarments for it including the socks. He glared at Victoria who put on a pantsuit of purple he recognized was of her Veronica Thomas personality followed by watching her put her hair up in a braid and putting on makeup twin to the persona. Tom glared as Victoria walked out of the bathroom he followed her to find a male wearing a suit with blonde hair seated on the bed that got up in a fast move appearing to look nervous seeing him despite familiarity seen from the male. 
He glared at the male he figured was Daniel Sawyer to hear from Victoria "Now do something about getting us back to the hotel room Danny boy."
Tom watched as Mavis Petersen he recognizing him disguised as Daniel Sawyer spoke Builder chatter and found Victoria and the male disappearing in a light show. He left the bedroom and went to the gym room to find Jinks inside mediating from the looks of it.
Tom heard "Don't lurk in the doorway Tom."
He spoke firmly "I can come back another time if you want Father in Law."
Tom hated himself to speak the Father in Law comment towards Jinks who got up in a fast move giving him a glare with the Master in control making him glare in response. 
He glared at Jinks who seemed to recall the cameras in the room by the head cock followed by the male speaking "Alright show me you're Kata in karate now."
Tom obeyed to do the Kata he recalled Talon teaching him fully till a foot connected with his leg making him sit onto the padded floor which he swung himself up in an acrobatic move. He glared at Jinks who's eyes showed Human blue and made a come gesture while having hands up in a karate style fight. Tom shrugged and fought Jinks who easily defeated him despite getting his mood fouler and fouler till he charged full body attack onto the male. He found Jinks managed to get him into his familiar arm trap again while he was in an angry mood and kneeling onto the floor. Tom gave up a roar of frustration despite his attempts to free himself blocked by Jinks' arm trap. He recalled Jinks' doing that arm trap whenever he sensed the fighter was angry and getting the person to calm down willed himself to calm while shutting his eyes and breathing deeply through his mouth. Tom forced himself to mediate as Jinks kept his hold around him till he felt himself really calm recalled the karate to get out of Jinks' trap did it with success this time. He got up in a fast move to find Jinks' butler in the doorway giving of a loud ahem sound. 
Tom eyed the butler who spoke "There's a matter of taking in nourishment sirs."
He got from Jinks in response "Hit the dining room now."
He obeyed to hear a Tsk sound from the butler behind him to ignore the noises to go to the dining room to find two trays containing dishware holding food. He sighed and sat down at the dining room recalling that Jinks always sat in the head of the table period. He sat down in his spot and took his time eating his food despite his stomach rumbling in hunger from it. Tom found Jinks joining him to eat. He didn't comment a response towards Jinks as he ate his food he recognized from the taste was his familiar greens food including milk to drink from the cup he sipped down while eyeing the table. 
Tom heard a meow sounding familiar to sigh speaking out loud "That's Missy's speak for feed me."
He continued to eye the table till Jinks' hand waved into view which he looked at the male finding him speaking "Anything else you want to admit hmm?"
He heard the firmness of Jinks' voice tone spoke "Like what?"
Jinks he stared at spoke "Why is the Meritanians claiming that you and Missus James had a mating ritual in the limo hmm?"
He thrust down the cup of milk despite some liquid spilling out and spoke firmly "Missus James was hands on onto me touching me all over the place. We did that mating ritual as a result. I thought she wanted it so I went along with it."
He glared at Jinks while leaning back in the seat to get the male willing forwards the Master and speaking "Your voice is indicating that you're not fully saying what you should be saying. So talk on it now!"
Tom relayed the phone conversation with Verona towards Jinks finding the male speaking "Interesting."
He added "Hence I going along with Missus James in this mating ritual. I didn't realize at first that she was married till after I was arrested and told of this marriage by this cop that is giving you problems."
He glared at Jinks to hear a loud ahem sound to find the butler in the room who spoke "Master you have an Alisa Visser in Table room four insisting on seeing you. She has refused to believe the excuses of you busy elsewhere. She flaunted a document dubbed 'Search warrant' in the faces of the guards when they tried to shoo her out. Your lawyer has been contacted and is currently in Table room three awaiting your arrival to instruct you on what to say towards Alisa and her fellow cops escorting her."
Tom gave up a disgust sound to get up only to hear "She demanded Mister Thunder's presence once in a meeting room."
Tom heard Jinks give up a sound of disgust followed the male to Table room three which inside he found a Highlander wearing a suit typing onto a laptop computer who looked up seeing them enter the room.
Tom spoke breaking the silence as Jinks went to sit down next to the Highlander putting legs crossed onto the table "What does she want now?"
He got Jinks jabbing a finger aimed at him and pointing it next to him which he didn't say a word went to stand next to the male with arms folded a glare on his face. Tom didn't have to wait long as Alisa arrived with two male cops as she thrust a piece of paper onto the table in front of Jinks who ignored it. 
Jinks he found had the Master in control spoke "Explain your purpose of flaunting this ridiculous document to me now Miss Visser."
He glared at Alisa who spoke while picking up the paper and waving it while speaking "Read it and weep Mister Montreal."
He kept the glare as Jinks snatched the paper out of Alisa's hand to hear an ahem noise finding the Highlander holding up a hand which he saw the male handed the lawyer the paper. 
Tom kept the glare aimed at Alisa as the lawyer spoke after scanning the paper "Hmph an arrest warrant for Mister Tom Thunder. What crimes do you have regarding this hmm? I as his personal lawyer should know of this."
He kept the glare aimed at Alisa who spoke "Sorry Commissioner Visser told me not to say regarding this issue in question."
Tom heard from Jinks "Commissioner Visser? Who's that? You? I was told that the Commissioner is dubbed this last name of borrow or whatever."
He heard the sarcasm of Jinks' voice tone to get from Alisa speaking in response "Commissioner Barrow retired actually. A family member quite recent was promoted to that position. No its not I and I can't say who this is. So arrest Mister Thunder here."
He glared as the cops read him his rights followed by hearing from the lawyer once they got handcuffs onto him "The document is legal Mister Montreal. Just go with them now Mister Thunder. Don't worry I'll get you out."
He didn't say a word as he followed Alisa out of the room to the elevator to find it going to the lobby and found a gaggle of presses gathered outside blaring questions aimed at him he tuned out to not to hear. Tom kept his mouth in a thin line as he got into the van for the police and sat with two cops between him to find one rolling up his sleeve and injecting his arm the familiar homing beacon device making him annoyed. He glared at the cop as the vehicle got to the police precinct this time he noticed was in Queenstown followed by yanked out and into the building into an interrogation room. 
Tom mentally spoke "Restraints off."
Tom found the handcuffs coming apart from his wrists while hearing gasps sounds as he ignored the cops and went to sit down and rolled his sleeve finding the homing beacon implant was out of his arm. Tom took the implant and crunched it in a tight move before going to lean back with arms folded. 
He spoke noticing the cops seemed nervous "I could have escaped anytime I wanted to. I'm highly trained in combative art I kept up religiously. Including trained in doing stunts that could put a man in the hospital. So tell me would this Commissioner Visser be Alina Visser hmm?"
He formed a glare while eyeing the cops to find the door open showing Alina Visser walking inside still clad in her FBI uniform but this time had a police badge pinned to her shirt that sat down with arms folded giving him a glare. 
Tom glared at her as she spoke "You're not the One's offspring anyway."
He heard her words seem serious and not a question spoke "I blame the presses and public for this brother and sister stunt played onto me and my ex-wife Victoria. I'm aware that they keep on trying to break up marriages between high profiled couples. They succeeded in doing this to Victoria and I. I'm still smarting from that."
He glared at Alina who shrugged to and held up a remote control in her hands to click on a scene blared on the wall showing himself at the bar filmed via hidden camera talking to the recorder's holder asking for a lap dance. Tom gave up a disgust sound as the camera shifted to show Valerie taking the recorder's place and doing a lap dance onto him he looking amused to see judging by the expression on his face aimed at the female. Tom found the scene shifted to show Valerie clad in a slinky dress and him walking out of the bar followed by the recorder to show him and the female kissing each other on the lips repeatedly. Tom formed a glare as he saw Cooper he assumed was the male interrupt the kissing to throw fists into himself's face he blocked with karate moves including kicking at the male back. He found Valerie tried to intervene only to get Cooper hitting her on the face and knocking her to the ground followed by resuming fisting himself despite use of karate. 
Tom saw the wall resume a blue status glared at Alina and spoke firmly "Hitting women is a no, no for men to do."
He glared at Alina to find her speaking "Cut the talk Mister Thunder. You sure on what you're saying on smarting from the breakup with Miss Montreal?"
Tom spoke "Smarting and kissing females aren't the same thing. I received a phone call from Verona Vander's Incorporation on how to act regarding escorting females around in public. I was just doing my job as ordered."
He got from Alina giving off a chuckle sound followed by hearing her speak "That's not what we got from Miss Vander when questioned about this escort service in question you claimed to be doing. She specifically claims that you called her after getting her phone number from Christie's an auction house after using begging and pleading for her phone number. You were sounding pathetic on the phone to Miss Vander demanding money for escorting her models in her incorporation."
Tom kept the glare finding Alina giving off another chuckle sound "The money you earned from the Stuntman's Association was returned on accusations of you trying to kill yourself by a lawsuit they brought up against you while you were in your healing sleep. You were left quite penniless actually. Your ex-wife took pity onto you and gave you her former residence including the jewelry for you to sell via auction at Christie's. What do you have to say about this hmm?"
Tom saw the smirk on Alina's face didn't comment a response kept his mouth in a thin line with eyes narrowed in a glare aimed at her. 
He kept his arms folded but this time fisted his hands as Alina added "I highly doubt that you were trying to kill yourself. I think you were trying to train yourself in various stunts including pushing your body into doing them before hospitalized repeatedly. Seems like you were trying to prepare yourself of escaping from prison weren't you?"
He kept his mouth in a thin line while eyeing Alina who continued "The stunts you were in focused on escaping traps including prison like settings. Such as the stunt of getting out of handcuffs and removing the homing beacon like you demonstrated."
Tom dug his nails into his palms finding Alina was serious with her words who spoke "Alisa get in here now!"
Tom kept the glare as Alisa arrived into the room he wrinkled his nose of a perfumed stink in the room to find the male cops holding their noses and looking annoyed. 
Tom glared at Alisa as Alina was heard "Anything on the One's reaction to your perfume hmm?"
He gave up a disgust sound as he glared at Alisa who held up a recorder device and heard his conversation with Jinks in Jinks' limo fully. 
Tom again glared at Alina to find her speaking "Alisa go pay the One a visit now."
He breathed deeply once Alisa and her stink left the room hearing groaning noises from the males in the room he glared at Alina who added "Seems that the One isn't immune to feminine charms isn't he?"
Tom gave up a disgust sound in response to get from Alina adding "Knock him out now!"
He glared as a cop thrust a handgun aimed at him and felt a stinging pain of a dart hitting his chest felt himself passing out unconscious.

Tom came to shaking his head of sleep feeling fists connecting with his front while naked of clothes along in the familiar Zesky Hospital's restraint trap. He jerked open his eyes lowering his head as he smelled a familiar stink to find Alisa in the room with Alina standing with arms folded. He glared at Alina to notice a metal door behind her illuminated of a camera dome while seeing stone walls all around the room. He glared at Alina as his front was felt quit being used for punching to find a cop wearing a mask and walking to stand next to the female with arms folded a boxer's glove seen from the male.
Tom glared at Alina as she spoke "So the Zesky Hospital wasn't kidding on this trap keeping you contained. Interesting I guess."
Tom kept the glare as she added "Alisa, tell me a progress report on the One now."
He eyed Alisa as if needing to do it to get her speaking "The One got me bedded on a meeting but this time used a meeting room for the sex act. He balked taking me to his residence no matter what pleading I used onto him. He managed once we were done to get me out of his building to the precinct."
Tom heard the edge in Alisa's voice tone spoke finding himself able to talk "You're hiding something Alisa."
He got Alisa gulping but found Alina glaring at him followed by her speaking "Hiding something? The only thing she's hiding is a recording of the One and his charms to do sex onto Alisa. She's embarrassed about that recording when I heard it. She said the embarrassment on admittance."
Tom kept his mouth shut in response to glare at Alina who added "Anyhow let's wait and see what the One will do towards his so called offspring contained in prison now."
He glared as Alina and entourage left the cell leaving the lights off once they left. 
Tom glared at the door seemingly lengthy till he heard blared "Its Walls. You're right on Alisa hiding something."
He exhaled a breath to continue to hear "Horus got Alisa to blab everything what her Mother was doing towards you including she holding the Commissioner position. Sorry can't say what's Alina up to as ordered by the High Council when I told them this latest stunt she's pulling towards you."
He felt Walls leave his mind kept on glaring at the door showing a camera dome in night vision seemingly lengthy till he felt himself too tired to stay awake bowed his head to shut his eyes as he felt the filming sensation continue. 

Tom came to hearing a ringing noise of an alarm clock that sounded recorded to him to jerk open his eyes finding the familiar masked cop in the room holding a familiar device before stepping aside to show Alina in the room without Alisa. 
He glared at Alina with a glare to find her speaking "Talk on what you know regarding the One aka Jinks Montreal's mental abilities."
Tom heard Builder chatter appearing to come from a cop behind Alina to speak what he knew of Jinks' mental abilities fully despite feeling himself disgusted to speak the words. He kept the glare sensing the filming sensation continue to his annoyance as he glared at Alina. 
Tom kept the glare as Alina spoke "Interesting. Explains some questions regarding Alisa."
He heard the edge in Alina's voice tone spoke firmly "You're hiding something, Commissioner Visser."
Tom got from Alina in response "I know something you don't know. No I'm not going to tell you what it is. Anyhow knock him out now."
Tom saw the Builder appear behind Alina to walk into sight carrying a handgun and thrust it aimed at his chest he hearing a dart come out hitting him making him grimace while feeling a familiar irritation. Tom felt himself passing out unconscious to smell food within his nose making his stomach grumble of hunger. 
He felt something like a fork of food thrust to his mouth followed by hearing "So eat now."
Tom jerked open his eyes finding the scene changed to find himself still in his restraint trap but this time in an insane asylum's metal white cell from the looks of it as he found a prison warden holding a plate full of food and ordering him to eat. He obeyed to find his familiar irritation gone from him along with pains he figured involved his colon organ being cleaned out of waste. Tom took in the food finding it was his familiar foods from the taste and didn't comment a response as the male an orderly from the looks of him got him to sip the milk drink once done eating. He kept his glare aimed at the orderly who shrugged once done sipping to find the male putting the cup onto a cart and walking out of the cell hearing a familiar buzz sound to him. Tom kept the glare finding himself contained in his cell for an unknown time period as the orderly came and went with food using Builder voice talent orders for him to take in the nourishment despite his attempts to resist. Tom kept the glare on his face sensing himself filmed which he eyed the door's wall to spot a camera dome and willed forwards Sinister while glaring at the recorder before willing the mental ability away. He kept his attention onto the camera dome as if needing to do it seemingly lengthy while ignoring the orderly coming into the cell to voice order him to take in nourishment and voice order him to give up waste he finding himself doing it. Tom kept his attention onto the camera dome seemingly lengthy till the door to the room opened followed by smelling a familiar stink of perfume making him look away to find Alina in the cell holding a perfume bottle in her hand that folded her arms. 
He glared at Alina feeling his mood become worse off who spoke "Your crime is being the other man in the divorce proceedings between Valerie Jones and Cooper James. Valerie is the one who brought up the divorce which Cooper is alleging that she cheated onto him and shouldn't get a penny from him regarding alimony in question. The judge has granted the evidence of a recording of you and Miss Jones hooking up at the bar and seen kissing to be used against the wife in the case. Mister James wants his ex-wife to pay him alimony in a high price term she is currently contesting at the moment. That despite the judge at a previous case agreed with Mister James to have her pay alimony for the cheating done. Miss Jones is currently contesting the alimony payments. I highly doubt that the judge will agree to drop the alimony charges against her regarding the recording evidence in question."
Tom continued to glare as Alina added after a chuckle "Besides your so called Father when questioned by the presses said he won't do anything to free you from this situation. He said somewhere along the lines that you weren't his son and made it seem like you were just an embarrassment to him. I believe that's talk for you to remain contained where you are now."
Tom felt his mood plummet hearing Alina's words as she gave up another chuckle sound followed by adding "Well the famous Brain Wave assassin contained where I got him. What a shame."
He spoke as if needing to do it "I'll kill you when I get the chance to do it."
He glared at Alina who spoke in response "Keep talking and I'll make your sentence even lengthier in prison. You got about a month till the judge rules into the case against Miss Jones. I figured with you threatening me with death I'll make your containment even lengthier this time. Excuse me."
Tom found Alina leaving the cell without a word as he roared out once she was out with the door shut "I'll kill you! You hear me?! I'll kill you once I get the chance! No one is going to stop me till your dead! I'll see that you're dead!"
He kept on ranting his words over and over while glaring at the camera dome to find the lights turning off followed by images flashing in the room all over the place cutting his ranting off. He concentrated onto the images he saw were various nature like settings making him annoyed to see to struggle to fist his hands finding himself unable to do it. Tom grimaced to find the camera's filming quit once the images starting flashing in the room as he focused onto the camera dome as if needing to do it. He glared till he felt a hand seemingly feminine pull his head down to find Victoria clad in a slinky dress strip herself of the dress and straddle him. Tom sighed as he felt himself entering her and moaned softly feeling himself getting better each time he entered her. He shut his eyes raising his head towards the ceiling as Victoria went up and down him followed by spilling himself inside her. He shivered once Victoria pulled himself out of her and got off of him he lowering his head to sense the filming sensation resume which he jerked open his eyes to glare at the camera dome. Tom found the nature like settings continued their blaring as he found Victoria gone from the cell.
He figured to himself "Must be a trick."
Tom glared at the camera dome seemingly lengthy till he felt a hand grab his chin he looked down to find Anyan from the looks of him. 
He glared at Anyan who spoke "Why are you letting this trap contain you hmm? You always found a way out of traps regardless of what they are."
Tom kept the glare as Anyan faded from view followed by feeling a hand patting him on the cheek along with familiar Builder's voice chatter he jerked open his eyes from a sleeping status. He found the familiar orderly in the room that proceeded to give him nourishment. Tom kept the glare finding the lights were on while spotting a guard in the cell armed with a gun weapon appearing to indicating bullets to him with the orderly. He glared at the orderly who he saw had pity in the male's eyes who fed him the food he forced to take and chew by Builder's voice orders. Tom didn't say a word as the orderly got him to drink milk from a cup followed by getting him to release waste he feeling himself annoyed to do it. He kept the glare as the orderly took the buckets containing his waste and put them into the cart walking out followed by the guard backing out followed by seeing the lights off and the familiar nature like settings flashing. Tom forced himself to eye a wall flashing nature like settings to blink his eyes seeing writings in the High Council's familiar language appear.
He read "Speak the words of loyalty and you'll be freed from your prison."
Tom opened his mouth to speak speaking "I serve you High Council without undivided loyalties."
He grunted falling to the floor abruptly finding himself freed from the mysterious restraints to find two devices sitting attached to the wall he recognized from Terrania indicated a shield to him. Tom willed himself to calm as he eyed the door to the cell to will forwards the Berserker waving a hand towards the camera dome mentally ordering it out. He saw it short out in sparks to find the door giving off humming sounds to recall how he got out of a trap was to pretend to be trapped. Tom willed aside the Berserker and resumed his trapped status finding himself still free while shutting his eyes. He didn't have long to wait as the familiar orderly arrived with a guard by the door opening. Tom opened his eyes to glare finding the orderly had a ladder and was fiddling with the camera dome. He willed forwards the Berserker and mentally ordered the guard down including the same towards the orderly to dart towards the door seeing it began to close. Tom thrust out a hand catching the door only to feel something glass like as his palms pressed onto it. 
He blinked his eyes seeing familiar green murky water while pressing his hands onto the tube's wall as he heard "Go to sleep Mindbender."
Tom felt sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to discovering himself as Shad brother of Anyan from the feel of his clothes. Tom found himself holding a sword while edging into a dark sinister forest with mouth in a teeth baring grin. He heard noises of someone running in the forest crashed after the figure to tackle a naked male onto the ground followed by swinging himself up and thrusting the sword at the male's neck. He saw the male was Anyan bare of clothes who held up both hands up in a surrender gesture. 
Tom glared at Anyan who spoke "Just be done with and kill me now, Shad."
He recalled why Anyan was bare of clothes was from a neighboring King, King George of Lions' bane had used his own daughter to charm the male into a mating ritual at the river. He recalled fully King George arrived to get Anyan to surrender his kingdom of Anya via written notice before ordering the male to get into the forest before the King set his men onto him to kill him. Tom eyed Anyan who quit the all black eyed look showing Human blue eyes with a look in them he recognized as if knowing what it was of brotherly love. 
Tom removed the sword to speak 'I'm not going to kill you anyway. Besides I took down King George's men sent to kill you actually."
He found Anyan thrusting himself forwards knocking him onto the ground while hearing a whooshing sound of an arrow and heard a grunt sound from the male. Tom rolled them over to swing himself up while thrusting his sword in front of him to spot an archer on horseback joined by other archers he finding himself and his brother surrounded. He glared as two archers got their horses to step aside followed by a familiar male with a beard chuckling loudly while on horseback. 
Tom glared at the male his mind told him was King George who spoke "So the brother proves his loyalty to his own brother."
He heard the sarcasm of the King's voice tone gave off a low growling noise only to feel Anyan's hand onto his ankle which he bent down to place a hand onto the male's shoulder while resuming the glare aimed at King George.
King George he glared at spoke "I suggest you do what your brother told you to do which is kill him. So do it now."
Tom in response threw his sword towards the ground while kneeling facing King George and keeping a hand onto Anyan's shoulder him feeling his brother gripping in a gentle grip in response. He kept the glare aimed at King George finding the archers going away and darting out of sight leaving him alone with the male along with an additional horse. 
He glared as King George spoke while dropping the reins of the horse without a rider on it "Your loyalty to your brother reminds me of my loyalty to my own brother. I'll keep you alive for that. You come upon the lands of this kingdom I won't hesitate to have you dead on sight. Don't come again."
He kept the glare as King George jabbed a finger in a direction off his left "There's a village dubbed Lancelot by the sea off in that direction. I have no attempts to take the village into my Kingdom. You'll find sanctuary there. Don't leave the village for anything."
He gave a head bob as King George without a further word rode away via horse out of sight. Tom didn't say a word went to the horse eating a plant to yank it towards Anyan it not resisting to that. He found clothes folded into the bag tossed them to Anyan who took out the arrow showing a bleeding cut on the arm while grimacing before getting up to put on the clothes appearing to belong to Lance Richard from the looks of them.. Tom got onto the horse and held up a hand towards Anyan who showed Human blue eyes to him with trust in them he recognized. He didn't say a word as Anyan took his hand to grip it before letting go and got onto the horse behind him. Tom felt Anyan gripping him by the waist including head leaning against his back he sensing the male was upset but didn't comment a response towards him as he got the horse to gallop towards the village as pointed out by King George. Tom found the village easily by the sea that appeared to look like a beggar town from the looks of how poor everything was made by the huts seen. He grunted once the horse reared up in front of a young woman with face of Victoria's seen but was dressed in some odd clothing. 
He didn't say a word as the young woman spoke sounding firm "Your kind isn't wanted here stranger."
Tom spoke firmly "His name is Lance Richard. He's here to help out. I'm just his brother and caretaker."
Tom sensed Anyan quit the clinging to look at the female whose eyes widen of recognition in them followed by her speaking "The name is Jacinda. Welcome to Lancelot, Master and servant. I'll teach you what you need to know around here Sirs."
He got off the horse and got Anyan displaying his Master ability off the horse to find Jacinda going up towards the male and taking his hand. Tom followed while pulling the horse to find Jacinda taking them to a house appearing to be better made despite the huts not showing very many people around. He frowned as he got the horse tied to a tree next to the house as Jacinda and Anyan went inside the house shutting the door. He looked around to find villagers coming out of hiding some seen scared but staring at him with ranges of emotions on their faces. Tom sighed figuring from their expressions that they saw and heard what he said regarding Anyan to frown walking away from his horse to stand in the middle of the pathway. He eyed the villagers warily to sense Anyan behind him he ignored only to feel darkness hitting him followed by finding himself contained in the tube again. 
Tom roared mentally "Quit putting me into this stinking tube now!"
He got in response the tube going horizontal followed by spitting him out onto the metal floor. He growled a growl as he found himself back in the High Council's presence to find them scanning his mind he glaring at the group in response while feeling the Falcons' hands gripping his arms in tight ironclad holds. Tom kept the glare as there was a light show showing a sleeping Lance still clad in masked servant wear clothes he finding himself transported out back to familiar cell and again got restrained by the familiar restraint. He glared at the Falcons as they disappeared in light shows to find himself grimacing while hearing his voice via recorder speaking threats of killing over and over.
Tom ignored the voice to snarl loudly as he sensed himself filmed "I'll say anything to get out of this stinking trap!"
He repeated his words to find the voice cut off followed by the door to the room sliding open which he cut himself off to find the familiar orderly entering the cell with a cart including a guard armed with a long bullet gun. Tom glared as the orderly got him to eat the food and drink the drink via Builder voice talent orders. He kept the glare as the orderly got him to expel waste to his disgust. Tom glared as the orderly left the cell followed by the guard backing up to find the familiar nature setting scenes turning on to his annoyance. He focused onto a wall as if needing to do it to find nothing indicated of High Council's language writings onto the area. Tom glared as he looked around at the nature settings finding nothing to indicate the High Council to start giving off loud nonsense sounds in a roaring manner. Tom roared and roared till a hand familiar clamped over his mouth. He found the hand's owner was Victoria to his shock who put a finger to her lips quieting him. Tom eyed Victoria who removed her hand to rub a hand onto his scarred cheek he feeling his mood plummet from the touch abruptly. He continued to feel his mood getting further plummeting till her hand was off his cheek and he felt the hand turn into a masculine hand patting him on the area. Tom jerked open his eyes finding them shut to find the familiar orderly was back giving him food and drink the Builder ordered him to eat and drink. Tom took in the food and drink while glaring at the orderly feeling his mood still bad as usual. He kept on glaring as the orderly got him to expel waste followed by going out of the cell. He felt himself tired shut his eyes to pass out unconscious.

Tom came to once again feeling the familiar urge to wake up obeyed. He recalled fully in his mind of a dream he had.
Tom recalled the dream of Anyan sensed sneaking up behind him speaking "Forgive me brother."
This was followed by pain in the back indicating of a sword weapon to him. 
Tom recalled coming to feeling himself lying in a coffin to find Anyan holding his hand and speaking "I'm sorry brother dear for doing this. It's to protect you from harm. I oath to you that you'll get the acceptance you wanted. Forgive me."
He found Anyan shutting a familiar glass coffin lid shut and walking away as he found the dream going black only to wake up by the urge to wake him finding the familiar orderly was back feeding him nourishment. Tom kept the glare as the orderly fed him including getting him to expel waste. He glared as the orderly left the cell to recall scanning a mind of a victim he froze into a paralysis status. 
He gulped recalling the victim's mind speaking "I forgive you."
Tom exhaled a breath to sense from memory the victim a young male surrendered to him by mentally saying that which he assassinated him in response. 
He shouted loudly "I forgive you!"
Tom found himself freed of the restraint to find himself landing onto dirt ground while feeling himself filmed to feel a poke of a sword poking him in the neck. He held up his hands in a surrender gesture seeing the sword was held by Lance baring his face in a glare with all black eyes. Tom recalled the words he said spoke them firmly while eyeing Lance in the eyes. He frowned as Lance dropped the sword and kneeled wailing crying sounds while seeing the male's eyes were wet of tears. Tom didn't say a word in response crawled towards Lance and pulled the male to hug him while feeling the male was upset. He didn't say a word as he continued to hold Lance who seemingly got soothed by his hugging gesture. 
Tom kept himself strong while holding Lance as he found them both into the High Council's presence to hear loudly "Transport Mindbender back to where he came from now!"
Tom sighed hearing Onya's voice to find himself transported to the familiar cell but this time was kneeling onto the floor while having hands up facing a guard who appeared to have his gun weapon aimed at him. He kept his hands up eyeing the guard warily whose gun weapon got lowered finding the hand's owner lowering it was Alina's. 
Tom frowned eyeing Alina warily to find her speaking "He said what I wanted to hear from him. He means it when he said those words. Get him out of containment now."
He exhaled a breath to find the familiar orderly arriving carrying a handgun while seen loading a dart and got from the male "Excuse me. You have to be asleep for this transporting method Sir."
Tom shut his eyes to feel the stinging pain of the dart hitting his chest followed by going unconscious only to hear the familiar sounds of the alarm clock blaring. He came to feel a feminine body on top of him along with a hand feminine patting his cheek. Tom jerked open his eyes to discover himself in Jinks' residence in the spare bedroom to find Victoria was the hand's owner who kissed him on the lips seeing him awake. He kissed her back in response to groan softly feeling rings on her left hand as she gripped his face. He groaned softly again to feel nothing indicated of a ring on his left hand as Victoria broke off the kiss. Tom sighed to find Mavis sitting in the armchair looking like he was sleeping to him once he sat up ignoring Victoria straddling him. He sighed as Victoria's hand found him underneath the blanket to eye her in the eyes warily. 
He felt himself hard from Victoria's hand touching him as she spoke "Mavis a close friend of mine is currently pretending to be Daniel Sawyer my husband publicity. Excuse him sleeping in the room. It's the only way we can get privacy without him spying onto us. He keeps having trouble sleeping as a result of his spying via mind ability. It's only turned off when he's in my presence actually."
Tom sighed and didn't protest as Victoria got himself guided inside her which he rolled his eyes once he felt himself thrusting in and out of her to sigh again feeling charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her. He gave up a loud sigh once he spilled himself inside Victoria once up to the hilt inside her. He didn't say a word as he felt himself still hard to wrap arms around Victoria's back and twisted their forms till her back was onto the bed. He heard no protest in response to the exchange of position resumed doing his thrusting into Victoria while feeling her hands rubbing his chest and playing with the nipples. Tom again rolled his eyes once he again spilled inside Victoria while sighing loudly from an intense charge of pleasure hitting him. He pulled out and adjusted his form till he was level with Victoria's face and kissed her on the lips she kissing him back while feeling her legs wrapping around him from behind. Tom felt Victoria's hands go to the back of his neck gently holding him close to her. He sighed during a break of kissing to put his hands onto Victoria's back gently hugging her as she broke off the kiss to pull him down into a hug. Tom didn't say a word in response kept his mouth shut while hugging Victoria feeling himself relieved to have her body touching his body. He heard nothing from Victoria but soft crying sounds as he tightened his hold onto her. Tom kept himself silent for a lengthy time period till he sensed Victoria had fallen asleep by her releasing her hold onto him and sensed that she had pass out. Tom sighed and removed himself from Victoria to get up from the bed gently putting a blanket covering her he eyeing Mavis sitting in the armchair that remained asleep with a peaceful look on the male's face. He sighed and found himself transported to a jail cell to find clothes on the bed which he put on in a fast move as if compelled then laid his form down onto the bed shutting his eyes. Tom felt himself filmed abruptly to ignore the sensation while feeling his clothes was the familiar uniform involving escorting Valerie. He kept his mouth shut as he sensed someone entering the room followed by feeling water onto his face he jerked open his eyes sputtering and shaking his head from recalling on acting involving waking up with that onto him. 
Tom focused his eyes onto the cop a female and not Alisa in the room who spoke "Excuse me for waking you up with that manner. You're wanted out of the jail cell now."
He exhaled a breath and without a word got up shaking the water from his face including faking effects of shaking sleep away from him while following the female out of the jail cell. He followed the female through the precinct to the front entrance and frowned meeting Jinks there displaying his Master abilities in control and looking annoyed to him. Tom frowned as Jinks ordered him to follow as he obeyed to grimace from the presses gathered outside asking questions he heard were on himself being a womanizer. 
Tom reached the limo with Jinks to hear "What does Jinks Montreal have to say about having a relationship with a cop named Alisa Visser?!"
He heard the questions turn into the subject by the yeller a Highlander by the tones blaring it as he got Jinks inside into the limo and shut the door with a bang sound. 
Tom shifted to glare at Jinks and spoke finding the male buckling up his seatbelt he copied "Something you want to admit hmm?"
He glared at Jinks who willed aside the Master and got from the male "Alright. Alisa Visser visited me in one of my meeting rooms reeking of my wife's favorite perfume. Don't ask me how she or whoever figured that out. The perfume always turns me on in Human terms whenever it comes to mating. We wound up mating in that room after clothes was adjusted. Then after that I got Alisa to admit everything regarding what her Mother was up to towards you in question."
He kept the glare as Jinks added "You were contained for three days actually with people told to make it seem like you were contained lengthy."
Tom spoke "And what else aren't you not admitting?"
Tom glared at Jinks who spoke "Somehow the mating with Alisa turned me into a raging sex machine something I haven't felt before even with various females used to mate with me for getting over rapes. Alisa once I was done with her seemed amused and not put off by it. It's a feeling I was seeking from females whenever I used them for mating. They always after I'm done seemed to make it seem like I forced them into the mating ritual. Alisa didn't display that behavior instead gave me some other feeling I used to get from Katherine whenever I used her for my mating urges. I got the feeling from Alisa."
Tom kept his mouth shut as Jinks gave up a disgust sound followed by the male talking "I have been talking to her Mother on pursuing her daughter for a relationship. Her Mother stipulated that you had to undergo this ridiculous containment with certain code words you were to say for freedom from it before I could do my pursuing. Took you long enough to figure out her riddle she wanted you to solve."
He exhaled a breath frowning while eyeing Jinks who looked away appearing to look out the window. 
He looked away to look out the window to hear "Daniel Sawyer aka Mavis Petersen is a part of the family of mine through Barry actually. Barry has indicated this family relationship towards me in question. He indicates that my body is fathered by him despite formerly held by someone else."
Tom shifted to eye Jinks to find the male looking at him and speaking "The High Council captured me back then when I was in my original body. They sent me to Shadan's past via travel gate for that. I heard the gate got destroyed when they sent Ajax through it. I haven't heard anything involving them able to fix the gate or not. Anyway the High Council back then destroyed my original body via warship firing onto it. I woke up in this body in question including all the mental abilities involving it. I wound up felling into an twenty year healing sleep missing out of raising two offsprings' care including having to start all over again in karate. It took me awhile to get my form back up to strong strength and karate back."
Tom exhaled a breath hearing Jinks' words as the male looked out the window looking away from him. He resumed looking out the window to hear nothing from Jinks to find the limo stopping at his building and ordered out by the driver. Tom got out finding himself filmed to ignore the feeling and went to his apartment to find Missy inside that batted his shoelaces of his shoes while meowing in a play me tone. He sighed and removed the leather jacket to place it onto the couch along with taking out the cell phone to kneel and played wrestling with Missy she not lengthy with the playing. Tom found her quitting by giving off her familiar yowl and darting down the hallway as he heard the doorbell ringing. He groaned and without a word went to the peephole to find the familiar Builder there dressed in a doorman's uniform. Tom obeyed the door and didn't protest as the male barged into his apartment. He got a golden eyed glare followed by the male jabbing a finger aimed at his clothes. Tom exhaled a breath and without a word went into his bedroom to exchange clothes to sweats and a tank top and put the clothes of his uniform into the clothes' case. He carried it out to the Builder who took it and found the male not commenting a response towards the cell phone found lying on the coffee table as the male walked out of his apartment ignoring that thing. Tom exhaled a breath and shut the door after the male to get Missy's familiar paws swatting his feet with her familiar play me meow tone. He sighed and locked the door firmly as he could then kneeled to play wrestling with Missy till she quit to scratch her ear looking like it was very itchy to him. Tom sighed as she proceeded to bathe her ear via paw which he got up and felt himself hungry went to eat food he cooked onto the stove finding Missy on the couch snoozing away when he checked onto her. He sighed and ate the food taking his time and once done gulped milk from the carton as if feeling like needing to do it. Tom without a comment went to the exercise room he feeling itching to do karate proceeded to do a Kata in Talon's taught karate followed by doing the Freeloaders' taught karate. He ignored the feeling of himself stared at the moment he entered the room to figure the staring was Missy. Tom kept up the karate till the staring got the best of him to will forwards the Berserker to find Yevgeny Visser standing in the doorway of the room with arms folded.
He flexed a clawed hand towards Yevgeny to find the male speaking "Took you long enough to acknowledge me despite detected that you knew someone was staring at you. Your karate was erratic actually whenever someone is seen staring at you."
Tom willed aside the Berserker to glare at Yevgeny who added looked down he spotted Missy rubbing her head onto the male's shoed foot. 
He growled an annoyed sound loudly and spoke "Get to the point of your visit now, Visser." 
Tom glared at Yevgeny who spoke "How old do you think I am hmm?"
Tom spoke "Way older than I am despite me living too long. Why are you asking me this stupid question?"
He glared at Yevgeny who spoke "I went by various names over the course of living too long. But the first name I went by was Anyan King of Anya on the isle of Great Britain with a son named after me called Anyan who also was raised with a declared brother named Shad."
Tom exhaled a breath unfolding his arms while staring at Yevgeny of shock running through him as the male added "I took the liberty of telling the High Council via hints the reasons why their Speakers had their names of Shad and Onya. Including hinting who I really was. I never outright said who I was born of till now. Appears the High Council got my message as blared by Walls telling me to tell you about my actual identity."
Tom frowned but gave a head bob to find himself in the High Council's presence finding Yevgeny restrained by himself flaring the Berserker side in control as if compelled and gripping the male's arms with his clawed hands from behind. 
Tom eyed the High Council with eyes narrowed to hear from a Speaker "Your son Anyan you favor is alive and living."
He sensed Yevgeny not shocked with the words as the male was heard "Yes I'm aware of that. I saw him quite recently. No I'm not talking about Horus but the other one Anyan who's going by the name you hated hearing."
Tom narrowed his eyes hearing the edge in Yevgeny's voice tone followed by the Speakers bowing their heads and the High Council going into a discussion seemingly lengthy. 
This was followed by hearing from a Speaker "Admit it that your own body died killed by your own son Shad as he's called. Someone got you transported to the body you are in now. It explains why tests reveal something else than a family connection towards Anyan. While there was specific instructions for Mindbender as we call him no kidding to say specific wording to get out of that trap you had him in."
Tom stiffened hearing the Speaker's words as he kept his hold onto Yevgeny the same but gently squeezed the male's arms while keeping his hold firmly. 
He eyed the High Council to get from Yevgeny "I didn't fully die right away when Shad stabbed me and cut my neck. Instead I did a lighted candle ritual involving removing my essence to another's body. I don't remember the exact words for that ritual but I know it involves a candle for it. Anyan must have figured out what I did from my notes I left for him once I removed myself from my original body to this body form I'm in now. He did that ritual towards his body's son that you killed who wound up reborn into his own body while he got reborn into another's body."
Tom kept his mouth shut while glaring at the High Council with accusation in his eyes. He found the group going into a discussion seemingly lengthy only to see three light shows showing empty chairs.
Tom heard "To anyone who cares you'll find three High Council members dumped into the food supply for thinking of something inappropriate. No I'm not going to transport them back."
He sighed hearing the prideful voice tone of Ramses to frown getting the Speakers speaking "Transport Mindbender and Yevgeny out now!"
Tom found himself back into his exercise room still holding onto Yevgeny which he released the male to get him spinning around in a blurring speed move. He felt the Berserker still in control kept his eyes onto Yevgeny who reached out a hand he not protesting to it to feel it touching his scarred cheek. Tom felt the Berserker willed aside as if compelled to continue to stare at Yevgeny forcing his mouth into a thin line. He kept his mouth shut as Yevgeny was felt feeling the scar on his cheek he forcing himself to ignore the mood plummeting. He recognized the look in Yevgeny's eyes was the male seeing him as his son Shad. Tom kept his mouth into a thin line while eyeing Yevgeny who felt the scar fully followed by stepping back removing his hand and looking weepy to him. He didn't say a word as Yevgeny disappeared in a light show which he went to the boxer's bag to do karate onto it from feeling like needing to do exercise. Tom did the exercising seemingly lengthy till he paused to stand with arms folded as if compelled to get night vision blaring in his eyesight as he heard the sound of a whistle blowing. He exhaled a breath to find his sons Rin and Turbo running into sight from a cave passageway to find one son had a whistle dangling from his neck. He kept his mouth shut while eyeing Rin and Turbo warily to find both sons remove their defensive mental abilities. Tom stared at his sons as Rin didn't say a word ran up towards him to grip him in a hug he keeping his arms to himself while keeping himself relaxed from his son's grip. Tom leaned the side of his head against Rin's as he noticed Turbo standing nearby held up a hand towards his son in a gentle move in Freeloader style of hand shake to find the male gripping it in response in a gentle hold. Tom didn't comment a response to sensing his Freeloader sense going off ignored it he figured that the Freeloaders were hidden watching. He kept himself silent as Rin kept his hold onto him while feeling Turbo still holding onto his hand. Tom frowned as Turbo broke off his hand's hold him not protesting as he heard quiet sobbing from Rin. He sighed softly as Turbo took Rin away from him he seeing his son was upset and found himself transported out back to his exercise room to sit down onto the couch while rubbing hands onto his face. Tom felt cat paws onto his shoulder followed by a cute meow in a questioning tone. He sighed and adjusted Missy to sit onto his lap while leaning against the couch he feeling his tears flowing allowed them through. Tom cried silently as Missy tummy sat onto his lap purring vibrations felt. He kept himself silent as he cried seemingly lengthy till Missy's purring vibrations made him sleepy shut his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious.

Tom recalled the memory with a grunt while punching the boxer's bag while in a gym belonging to a hidden Master Organization member. 
He recalled Miss Vander as she liked to be referred got a hold of him via phone two days after he moped around in his apartment not doing much but eat sleep and exercise.
Tom punched the boxer's bag recalling the phone conversation "Tom Thunder your behavior sucks."
He spoke on the phone towards Miss Vander recalling what he said "So what's so terrible about me Verona?"
He got Miss Vander sputtering vulgarity which he spoke firmly "That language is not appropriate to say towards me or anyone period. So quit it or I'll wash your mouth with soap literally."
Tom got from Miss Vander "Don't address me as Verona. Only address me as Miss Vander. I reserve that Verona name for family members to say it to me. You're not family so don't say that name to me."
He recalled as he kicked the boxer's bag while doing karate onto it "As you want Miss Vander. Something I can do for you hmm?"
He kept on kicking the boxer's bag to sensing himself stared at the moment he entered the gym he recalled hearing from Miss Vander "Shouldn't you be out exploring the city and doing whatever it is young males your age do? That other than staying isolated in your residence. Your not turning into Mister Montreal aren't you?"
Tom punched the boxer's bag while clad in a tank top and shorts and shoes of sneakers on his feet that were all black colored as he recalled saying to Miss Vander "Mister Montreal? What's up with that talk?"
He kept on fisting the boxer's bag as he recalled himself filmed the moment he started attacking the thing to recall Miss Vander telling him "I know that Mister Montreal isn't your Father actually. You're someone else's offspring through the Visser family. I had your DNA tested. You're a match for the Visser family actually."
Tom exhaled a breath to quit the attack onto the boxer's bag he recalled himself saying towards Miss Vander despite hearing an edge in her voice tone "Interesting."
Tom folded his arms forcing himself to breathe through his mouth making him look like he was catching his breath as he recalled Miss Vander hung up the phone after he said his comment. He got no further phone calls from Miss Vander for the remainder of the day instead found Missy giving off loud meows sounding annoyed whenever he attacked the boxer's bag he finding her in the doorway with ears flat on top of her head. Tom sighed to stare at the padded floor recalling that he got himself into his familiar uniform involving Victoria's Veronica Thomas persona and styled his hair into a low braid while wearing wraparound sunglasses. He proceeded to pocket his cell phone and keys then left the apartment to wander around the city exploring it including finding various stores for items he needed he finding himself low on some supplies for his apartment. 
Tom recalled that he thought to himself "I might as well show some independence for my personal servant to just to show that they don't need to do everything for me."
Tom once he was sure his breath was back resumed kicking at the boxer's bag recalled hauling the items home to find a note taped onto his refrigerator. He recalled as he gave the bag several fisting seeing it jerk aside in a swinging move as always what the note said was a membership to the gym that belonged to the Master Organization secretly including its address. 
He recalled the note added "Publicity the gym is for anyone who can do Extreme Brock Baxter for free to join and practice. They don't give a damn if the gym has current or former fighters disgraced or not. Just as long as the gym receives free publicity from the athletes frequently using the gym to practice. Besides you got fans who like you for what you did for a kid dying of cancer to fight for charity. That's impressive according to them."
He kept on using his karate onto the bag till a clapping sound interrupted him midway during a kick. Tom looked to find a male seemingly familiar wearing sunglasses and a suit standing nearby him while facing in his direction that quit the clapping. He formed a frown while eyeing the male warily as he halted his attack onto the bag he folding his arms. 
Tom kept his mouth shut as the male spoke "Interesting meeting you. I see that you're all healed up from a certain incident. Also back to strong strength from the looks of you attacking that punching bag. You sure you're not on drugs?"
He inhaled a breath to speak firmly towards the male recalling the incident of laid up in the hospital was six months ago "It was six months ago when I got out of the hospital. I kept up the karate quite religiously. Hence I able to do this very strongly. Something I can do for you Sir?"
Tom formed a glare aimed at the male to find another male he recognized as one of his former opponents in the fighting sport taping the sunglasses' male on the shoulder. 
He pretended not to hear "Sir for due respects I blew out my knee once during a skiing accident. Happened in New Hampshire's Mount Washington is where I was skiing. I didn't let a simple damned knee injury keep me down even through rehab. Once the doctor declared me fit enough it took me around six months of punishing practicing back to back to get back into fighting form. Besides there's a saying once a fighter is always a fighter. The doctor forced me to retire once it was obvious my knee wasn't going to survive a fight. I kept up the fighting ability instead out of obligations of being healthy and fit for my health wise. The doctor recommended that I keep the exercise up period. He found that it's helping strengthening my bum knee in question despite still forbidden from doing fights. So lay off him and your suspicion of drugs. I know what he went through. I'm willing to prove this bum knee bit by the scar I have on the area if you care to see it."
Tom without a word walked away going to the locker room he ignored people sensed staring and scattered talk become whispering once he was near them. He forced himself to ignore the whispering as he went into the locker room to go to his locker to do the hand print for the locker's lock he pulling out his dollar bill for the locker's lock to be locked to him. Tom figured out that he'll shower once he got home finding that there wasn't a shower facility in the locker room but men's expelling waste facility. He took out his sweatshirt putting it over his tank and grabbed his cell phone and keys pocketing them including his wallet and without a word ignored the whispering males to walk out of the locker room as he put on his sunglasses. 
Tom walked to the gym room's entrance to hear "Hold on a minute Mister Thunder!"
He folded his arms forming a thin line with his mouth seeing the voice belonged to the male talking about his bum knee to find the man reached him. 
He frowned as the male spoke "I wasn't kidding about the bum knee. Besides you did me a favor taking up that kid's cause when I couldn't do it. None of the other fighters seemed interested except myself. I tried to do that cause but really blew out my knee skiing actually. The doctor did forbidden me from fighting again. I felt like I was going to disappoint that kid till you took up his cause. You did me a favor I do you a favor in return."
Tom held up his hand in response finding it gripped gently to find the male adding "Come back into the gym anytime. I practice here to keep up my health religiously. I do occasionally teach moves to women involving self defense. See if you can do that whenever they ask you about it. Just consider that favor I did for you repaid if you teach one of the ladies self defense. The gym owner was going to have you tossed out. I overheard him whining to his secretary about you in a rude tone. I wound up speaking in your defense due to knowing what you went through to get back in fighting form. I do have this bum knee and that it really did take me six months to get back to my satisfaction."
Tom spoke firmly "Thank you Sir."
He got his hand let go followed by feeling the male's hand touching his shoulder in a gentle grip before the male walked away he recognizing him fully. Tom exhaled a breath to recall the gym's president was the sunglasses male named Yan Sing and the male with the bum knee was his own son Yan Sing Junior despite not looking Highlander by the eyes. He walked out of the gym to signal a cab finding a police car stopping near him followed by an officer appearing to be Alisa from the looks of her despite sunglasses seen. 
He frowned as she spoke while pulling open the back door to the cruiser "Get in now."
Tom sighed hearing the firmness of Alisa's voice tone obeyed to get inside the back buckling up his seatbelt to find a dog gonoid sitting in the back that gave up whining sounds while settling its head onto his lap. Tom didn't say a word rubbed the dog's head on top finding it quit the whining sound as the cruiser drove to the precinct to find himself in their garage room. He kept his mouth shut as Alisa let him out followed by pulling the dog out via leash and gripping it via handle he frowning finding her using the gonoid to guide her around. Tom frowned as he got sent to an interrogation room to find Alisa sitting down facing him while still wearing the sunglasses and the dog sensed sitting at her feet giving off panting sounds. 
Tom frowned as Alisa spoke "I'll get to the point. I'm blind. I can't see since I was born that way."
Tom hissed a breath hearing that as Alisa continued speaking ignoring his noises "I've been wearing an implant in my eyes that gives me some seeing ability. Unfortunately my condition deteriorated to the point that an implant is going to be useless for me. Hence I stuck using Shaw as my eyes. It's no joke that blindness gets passed down in the family line mostly focused onto females. Hits once awhile and I got it at the moment."
Tom spoke once she paused "Then why are you telling me this?"
He got from her "The One aka Mister Montreal is refusing to budge on pursuing a relationship with me. I tried to put him off including telling him that I was blind. I even used Shaw as an excuse to why I couldn't be with him. He has a cat in question I thought would throw a hissy fit once Shaw was in his residence in her territory. I haven't heard a peep involving this hissy fit from the cat when I had Shaw in Mister Montreal's residence."
Tom heard blaring in his mind "Its Walls. Tell her that the furball passed away from old age. It was a senior gonoid when he adopted her. Hence Horus likes Shaw in question. He's hurting from the cat's demise actually and wants comfort from another gonoid that isn't a furball."
Tom sighed and spoke firmly "Alisa, he likes your dog in question. He lost his cat to old age. Snowy was a senior when he adopted her. Besides I'm wondering if he really likes you for yourself and doesn't give a damn about you being blind as you say yourself.'
He got an Hmph from Alisa to recall the information on Jinks as if told by Ajax "Besides scuttlebutt is a woman who had a hearing loss raised Mister Montreal from birth to his legal adult age. Hence he finding you appealing, Miss Visser."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Alisa who cocked her head making him annoyed to see followed by she pulling out an ear device and speaking "Alright you don't have to yell in my ear. I heard what Mister Thunder said about the One. Yes I went through bad relationships where a guy broke up with me after finding out I had blindness. Hence my trouble accepting that the One wanted me for myself. The relationships I had always turned sour once it was obvious I had blindness."
Tom sighed softly to frown as Alisa added "Shaw leash now."
He saw her hold up her hand towards the dog to find Shaw thrust the leash to her hand which she added "Shaw, give."
Tom found Shaw letting go of the leash to remain standing at her side as she felt around for the handle and gripped it while getting up speaking "Alright this ridiculous interrogation is over. You're free to go Mister Thunder. Keep yourself out of trouble you hear?"
He spoke firmly "Yes ma'am."
Tom followed her out of the precinct to find presses gathered outside that became silent seeing Jinks while seeing Alisa pause from walking. Tom saw Jinks in vicinity going up towards Alisa to find the male placing a hand on her cheek and kissing her on the lips despite presses flashing lights blaring he ignored to go down the stairs and figured that he'll hail a cab. He went to the street to find black tinted sedan stopping appearing to be personal private car and a Highlander driver coming out to jab a finger aimed at him and towards the vehicle. Tom didn't say a word in response got inside the vehicle to buckle up the seatbelt while eyeing out the window seeing Jinks kissing Alisa in a lengthy kiss while having presses recording them. He sighed as the sedan drove him to his residence in Remembrance Isle which he got out at arrival to the building and heard nothing from the driver in response. He walked inside and went to the mailbox as if compelled despite feeling annoyed at the Meritanians to pull out wads of paper appearing to be coupons and found newspapers ads for stores. He yanked out the papers and took it to the elevator to get inside finding a couple inside kissy face onto each other. Tom sighed and forced himself to take the elevator to his floor despite the couple ignoring him while kissy faced onto each other. He felt relieved once as the elevator reached the floor to his apartment to walk out and went to his residence to unlock the door. Tom heard an excited meow sounding of Missy as he walked inside the apartment while shutting the door locking it. He sighed as Missy swatted his shoelaces followed by giving off her play me meows. Tom didn't say a word went to play with Missy doing wrestling with the cat. He found her quit by she giving of a yowl and darting out of sight which he figured was speak for visitor arriving. Tom found his hunch correct by the doorbell ringing. He went to the door to peer through the peephole to find Alina Visser there with arms folded.
Tom yanked open the door leaving his eyes peering out while speaking "Something I can do for you Missus Visser?"
He got from Alina speaking "Aren't you going to let me in your residence? Besides a certain person claims something to do with family relationships. I refused to say what it is in the hallway for ears to eavesdrop."
Tom sighed and spoke "Excuse me."
He slammed the door and undid the chain then opened the door wider while speaking towards Alina "Mind the cat."
Tom heard an excited meow in response as he shut the door to find Missy rubbing her face onto Alina's shoed foot. 
He heard from Alina as he folded his arms "I see that Missy remembers me. I fostered her and her kittens. I even fostered Missy to help her learn how to be an indoor cat. She was pretty much clueless on how to live indoors actually."
He didn't say a word as Alina ignored Missy to focus onto him he giving her a frown as she added "You came highly recommended by the City gonoid hospital for adopting Missy. They claim that you had some magic touch when it comes to cats in question."
Tom spoke firmly "Gonoids always get domesticated whenever any part of me and my skin is touching them. Doesn't matter where for this domestication will be done. It's been done to mice and rats when I went to militia school you threw me in that had a pest problem in question."
He clamped his mouth shut in frown while eyeing Alina who chuckled and spoke "Grampa as he insisted on being called that by family members recognized you as someone from his past once admitting it. He rather emphasized that you be treated special by my family and whoever. Hence you tossed into that militia school some school for juvenile delinquents actually as its focus back then when caught as some law breaker I refused to say what it was."
He sighed as Alina added "Grampa kind of got me to drop my obsession with this law breaker in question once on admittance of who you were to him. I admit it I was shocked to hear his reason for his special treatment towards you. He still sees you as a part of the family actually despite tests point to someone else being responsible for your existence."
Tom sighed softly to frown forming it on his lips while eyeing Alina to feel Missy rubbing her head on his ankle he looking down as the female did the same. He sighed as Missy gave off meows sounding content to him while rubbing her body onto his ankle. 
He heard "Appears she likes you. Cats habitually chose their owners and not the way around actually."
He didn't say a word as he looked up towards Alina who added "I'll see myself out. I'm just relieved that Missy will be doing fine. I took a liking towards her but she indicated she wanted to live with someone else instead. She was nicknamed Miss Cranky actually. Excuse me."
He saw Alina out of his apartment to gently shut the door locking it to focus onto Missy playing with his shoelaces again and giving off her familiar meows. Tom sighed and kneeled onto the floor to wrestle with Missy scratching his arms and hands as he rubbed her tummy finding the cat quit to give herself a bath on the side. He sighed and went to the phone as if compelled to get it ringing with Miss Vander's number blaring on it.
Tom picked up the phone speaking "Yes?"
He heard "What do you mean yes? You haven't heard what I'm offering you."
Tom sighed and spoke recognizing Miss Vander's voice "Sorry bad habit whenever I answer the phone not sparing cell phones."
He clamped his mouth shut to hear from Miss Vander "Alright Mister Yan Sing Senior got a hold of one of my agents through my Incorporation. Asked to hire you with a fee into helping his own son with teaching self defense to the ladies who ask for it. The ladies it's always free but for the guys they pay a fee. Turns out the guys use the self defense they learn to target ladies in some nasty way hence the fee used."
He didn't say a word as Miss Vander continued "Mister Sing Senior requested that you be used as the target for females to learn self defense. He wants his own son to quit being the target on account of suffering injuries from the teaching and just teach it. What do you say about this hmm?"
He spoke recalling Yan Sing Junior's favor request "I'll do it. So let me know when I should show up."
Tom got from Miss Vander "Alright. You do have that cell phone I gave you?"
He spoke "Yes I have it."
He listened as Miss Vander spoke "Well I have to warn you that the teaching of the females self defense is all over the place. Not just at the gym and is at various hours too. It's when she feels safe from being harmed to learn the teaching without anyone knowing of that actually. Hence the change in location and time frames. Be alert for your cell phone going off within an hour's time frame. Dress warmly. I do think that Mister Sing Junior will have tests aimed at the ladies involving places where they were attacked. It's just to give them confidence and courage from their attacks happening actually."
He heard the dial tone in his ear sighed to hang up the phone and recalled the cell phone to find it on the coffee table which he picked up and went into his bedroom to put on sweatpants while keeping his tank top and sweatshirt on. Tom took the cell phone to go to the living room and turned on the TV to mute. He focused onto the local city's news's affiliate as if feeling like needing to do it. 

Tom within an hour later heard the cell phone going off to pick it up speaking "Yes?"
He heard "Sing's Gym ASAP. Don't flaunt yourself going to there. Take the back entrance inside."
He heard the dial tone in his ear ended the call to find Missy seated on the couch next to him. Tom put the cell phone into his pocket of his sweatpants and grabbed his key and sunglasses. He walked out of his apartment locking the door and took the familiar route to outside to recall some streets away involving more traffic and more cabs for pickup. Tom walked the street route to signal for a cab once at the desired location. He got a cab stopping next to him with a Highlander driver seen which he got inside.
Tom found the driver speaking "Mister Sing Junior always makes it clear that he doesn't want to know who the females he's teaching self defense combative art moves onto. He prefers to keep his nose out of their business. He only interferes if the female is appearing to be upset with a problem by the lackadaisical learning to his training is when he gets her to admit if she was attacked or not. The female admits half the time of being attacked. She's later tested by him giving no warning of him going to attack her during a teaching. Remember what I said now."
He didn't say a word as the cab parked down the street from the back entrance to the gym which he got out and rang the doorbell. Tom waited sensing himself filmed via the camera dome to find Yan the junior opening the door walking him inside. He found the windows clear to frown eyeing them as Yan noticed his frown while giving off a throat clearing noise. Tom frowned while eyeing Yan who held up a device to see blinds appearing to be remote controlled went down blocking the view of people from peering through the windows while adjusting the lights to look like the gym was closed to him. 
He kept his mouth shut as Yan spoke facing him "She's instructed to come in via the back entrance ringing the doorbell like I tell various ladies wishing to learn self defense to do it. I don't flaunt her publicity to people period. I don't give a damn on what her problem is as long as she learns what she needs to know to defend herself."
Tom heard the edge in Yan's voice tone spoke firmly "You sound like you had personal experience in this matter."
He eyed Yan who pocked the remote and spoke "Personal experience is why I joined this sport and took up karate. You're correct. We'll leave it at that for now. I don't wish to talk about it yet."
He clamped his mouth shut to frown getting from Yan "Simply wait in the locker room for me to order you out. I don't want her shocked to see your presence here when I let her in. I want her prepared to see you when she's ready."
Tom didn't say a word gave a head bob and went to the locker room to sit down on a bench waiting. He removed his sunglasses and removed his sweatshirt to sit seemingly lengthy while glancing at the door till he heard the familiar doorbell ringing noises. Tom counted the doorbell rung three times before silence. He sensed himself compelled to get out of the locker room but remained hidden obeyed to find Yan walking into the gym room backwards with hands up. 
He grimaced finding a male with a belly having a black eye while holding a handgun pointing it at Yan while hearing "You bastard! You brain washed her to attack me and take my kid and leave! Jerk! I ought to shoot you for that!"
Tom snuck up behind the male that spoke vulgarity aimed at Yan while seeing that Mister Sing looked nervous to him and wasn't going to do anything to fight back. He found the Berserker refused to gain control waved his hands getting Yan's eye who focused onto the gun toting male with determination seen in his eyes. Tom waited behind the male holding the handgun to hear a click sound from the weapon indicating its safety off as he eyed Yan who struck out knocking aside the male's weapon along with using self defense moves he recognized to kick the male onto the floor. 
Tom waited as Yan got the male into a choke hold he realized that Mister Sing was going to kill him spoke firmly "That's not going to solve anything."
He walked into view finding Yan had a glare on his face as the handgun's male gagged out breathes. 
Tom spoke firmly "What did you tell the ladies when teaching them self defense regarding them attacked?"
He got Yan grimacing followed by thrusting the handgun's male onto the floor and snarling "You're not worth my time."
Tom heard gasps from the male finding him breathing deeply as he found Yan adding "Keep him here while I go call the cops."
He obeyed to find Yan walking away going to an office he glimpsed. He eyed the handgun's male with a glare finding the man looked nervous and held up his hands.
Tom kept on glaring finding the male blurting to his shock "Alright Mister Sing Senior paid me to come in tonight to attack his son. The gun is only loaded with blank bullets actually. He wants his son to acknowledge a personal issue something I'm not privy of knowing what it is. Actually I don't care to know what it is anyway just as long as you keep him off of me. He tried to choke me."
He folded his arms without a comment kept the glare as the male kept his mouth shut in response to find the cops coming in via back entrance and arresting the handgun's male. Tom found Yan next to him to find the handgun's male looking nervous seeing them both as he was led away by cops. He kept his mouth shut in response as the doorbell rang four times he counted. 
Tom got from Yan "Hit the locker room now."
He obeyed to wait seemingly lengthy till Yan came in and ordered him out. He walked out with a frown to hear a loud gasp sound finding a female with bruises on her face reminding him of someone by the familiarity she gave him while noticing her dressed in sweats in color grey. 
Tom didn't say a word as Yan was heard speaking "This is my partner. He'll be assisting with the self defense. Mostly being the target for you to fight off. Any questions?"
He kept his mouth in a thin line while eyeing the female finding her looking nervous and she shaking her head in a no gesture. Tom didn't say a word as Yan got the female to learn self defense from being attacked despite she nervous he doing the attacking onto her while Mister Sing taught her how to fight back. 
He found himself recognizing the female as a reporter for a local news's affiliate to figure to himself "She must have been attacked."
Tom kept his mouth shut in what he thought as Yan seemed endless with his teaching including repetition over and over till he found the male was satisfied with the female getting the movements. 
He kept his mouth shut once Yan declared "Lesson over. My partner looks tired at the moment." 
Tom kept his mouth shut in response to find Yan ordering him "Go to the locker room and stay there now. I want a private talk with her. I'll let you out once I'm done."
He obeyed to sit in the locker room seemingly lengthy while waiting impatiently for Yan's arrival. 
He found Yan entering the locker room ordering him "Take your stuff and get out." 
Tom obeyed to found the female gone from view but heard loud sobbing sounds from the office to find Yan putting a finger to his lips and jabbing fingers aimed at him and towards the back door of the gym. He sighed and didn't say a word in response left the gym to find the sunlight outside was indicating a sunset position which he took the familiar route back to his apartment. Tom once inside groaned softly feeling Missy giving off her play me behavior. He tossed his keys and cell phone onto the bookcase's top next to the door and kicked off his shoes before kneeling and wrestling with Missy to find her quit while giving off a loud yowl sound. Tom groaned recognizing the noise indicating someone was going to ring the doorbell found it ringing. He went to peer through the peephole to find Yan outside with the female there looking nervous. 
He sighed and opened the door wide while speaking "Mind the cat please."
Tom got the female grimacing as Yan got her inside the apartment which he shut the door leaving it unlocked to find Missy getting onto the woman's lap and doing her friendly pet me behavior. He sat down in an armchair while eyeing the female with a frown to find Yan whispering in the woman's ear he not hearing what was said. Tom leaned back in the armchair eyeing Missy received head rubs by the female as the cat appeared to love the petting by her by giving off content meows. He sighed while keeping his eyes off from looking at the female and focused onto Missy as if needing to do it till the cat got off her lap and went to sit onto his lap purring vibrations felt from her. He gently rubbed Missy's back hearing her give off meow sounding she didn't want to be petted and leaned back in the chair letting the cat sit on his lap that curled up into a ball appearing to snooze to him. Tom kept his mouth in a frown while eyeing Yan still whispering to the female who appeared to get it the male's talk before seeing them both getting up which he got up hearing nothing from Missy on being awakened. Tom followed them to the door of the apartment to find Yan escorting the female out. He gently shut the door in response and locked it before feeling Missy batting his socked feet with her familiar meows. He sighed and forced himself to wrestle with her seemingly lengthy till she quit to bathe her tail he saw. Tom sighed and eyed the time finding his stomach growled of hunger. He sighed and went to cook a meal feeling himself itching to eat. He ate once done cooking to gobble up the food in a fast move before gulping down the milk via carton. Tom put the dishes away in the dishwasher leaving it shut. He went to the couch to sit turning on the TV to the local news's affiliate's channel. 
Tom found a broadcast report of Alisa Visser seen kissing Jinks Montreal he hearing from the reporter "Mister Montreal when questioned admits to having a Mother raiser who had a hearing loss who raised him from the time of the transfer when he was ten years old to legal adult age. His Mother raiser he admits died in a car accident in an ice storm of a tree felling onto her car trapping her inside that caused her deadly injuries."
He sighed and didn't comment a response as the reporter focused onto Jinks taking Alisa's hand and escorting her to a limo while having Shaw her dog admitted into the vehicle with the male taking the rear. 
Tom heard "Alisa Visser is the woman the reclusive Billionaire is pursuing in a courtship at the moment. Alisa Visser is a member of the New York City police department and daughter of retired FBI agent Alina Shaw Visser and daughter of Yevgeny Alexander Visser the current named Yevgeny Visser."
He sighed again as he felt compelled to turn off the TV grumbled a growling noise as he heard the doorbell ringing groaned. Tom thumped the remote down onto the table and went to the door to peer to find Yevgeny Visser standing outside wearing wraparound sunglasses. 
He sighed and opened the door speaking "Mind the cat please."
He admitted Yevgeny into the apartment to hear an excited meow to find Missy in the room rubbing her head onto Yevgeny's black shoed foot. 
He sighed and spoke "Alina Visser told me that she fostered Missy and her kittens hence her behavior on greeting her now you sir."
Tom frowned eyeing Yevgeny who spoke "Missus Alina Visser is currently my current wife at the moment."
Tom formed a frown on his lips as Yevgeny added "I expect you paired up with someone even though you lost someone you were fond of via outliving. I sympathize with that matter. Living forever doesn't keep you from living including pairing yourself with someone of the female variety."
Tom groaned loudly as Yevgeny gave him a glare which he cut his noises to get from the male "I know that my time with Alina is going to be short. She's aging at the moment to the point that death will be knocking on her door. There's nothing I can do about it except move on from that and find another to love like I feel towards Alina."
He spoke firmly finding Yevgeny paused "I currently love Victoria Montreal. The public declared us brother and sister invalidating our marriage and our relationship. I can't drop my love towards her to find a female to love in her stead."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Yevgeny who spoke "I sympathize with what you're going through, Tom."
Tom sighed hearing his name spoken by Yevgeny who added "Soon after I exchanged bodies to this form now I had to make the ultimate sacrifice for my love towards a female I valued at the time back then. I admit it I had a female I loved that was the Mother of my son actually. I couldn't go to her to admit that I was alive in this form. I had to let her believe that I was dead and sacrifice that love. Humans back then had a funny way of showing any acceptance towards Humans who had oddness of them. The oddness was rejected actually over and over. Except there was one exception of the oddness turning into a religious belief. I believe you know what it is."
Tom frowned to give a head bob as Yevgeny added "My golden eyes and my clothes I wore are a part of my body's system. I can't wear anything else other than what I have on my body. My body won't accept it but there's exceptions of the sunglasses I'm wearing. It's the only exception period. Believe me I've tried that multiple times when trying to get near people for hiding among them back then. The clothes' disguise I wore always shredded whenever put on me. I was forced to hide myself living all over the place in Shadan till the transfer of a piece of Earth by King Winter. I took the opportunity to gain acceptance during a time of a tragedy and used tragedies to flaunt for acceptance into people's faces. I believe you know what the High Council did in response to that flaunting in question."
Tom gave a head bob in response recalling the High Council repeatedly ordering him to target Yevgeny Visser in a method of knocking him unconscious whenever he was out in public flaunting himself for titled positions with excuses said that he was his own offspring when questioned about his looks. 
He spoke finding Yevgeny giving him a glare "They had me knock you unconscious repeatedly at publicity events. I always used my Berserker side whenever doing that order with the command words spoken mentally towards victims in question. That includes mentally ordering a person to sleep by command word of 'Down'."
Tom clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Yevgeny who quit the glare and got from the male speaking "One thing I didn't have to sacrificed was my love towards my sons in question. I did what I could to keep their memory alive. I admit it I sort of fueled the flaunting of a certain son dubbing himself by a hated name the High Council don't care hear to hear. You do know what happened to Shad in question just prior to his brother taking the hated name?"
He spoke "I recall that Shad took his brother to the village as pointed out by a King answering to the name of George who somehow got Anyan to give up of his King title and lands in the process. I recall that Anyan and Shad refused to let harm come to each other during King George's egging them to die. Anyway Shad got Anyan into the clothes of the hated name and introduced him by that name at the village once on arrival. They met a female named Jacinda who appeared to recognize Anyan. Then I remember was Anyan detected behind Shad followed by feeling pain in the back like a sword stabbing. I also remember through Shad's eyesight of Anyan having Shad in some coffin and speaking a forgiveness comment before closing the coffin's cover and that's all I remember."
Tom clamped his mouth shut with a frown while eyeing Yevgeny who cocked his head as if listening to something before the male spoke "You confirmed what Anyan still alive to this day remembers regarding you in question. What do you think Anyan did towards you hmm?"
Tom frowned hearing Yevgeny using the word you instead of the name of Shad recalled fully to speak as if compelled "Anyan stabbed me in the back then deposed my body someplace where it'll be contained intact."
He clamped his mouth shut feeling himself annoyed with what he said as he eyed Yevgeny who didn't say a word in response put on his sunglasses and walked out of the apartment he compelled to lock it after him. 
Tom spoke as if compelled "Just hope that Shad wherever he is finds the peace he needs."
He sighed and felt himself tired abruptly went to the bedroom to fall face forwards onto the bed and shut his eyes passing out unconscious.  

Tom kicked and punched the boxer's bag while in the gym. 
He recalled another visit from Alina telling him "Yevgeny kind of blames himself for what happened to Shad that caused his son to kill his original body. He blames himself for not raising Shad properly and favoring his brother Anyan that he declared his heir to the throne. He's not acknowledging that King George himself has a descendant that is through Mister Montreal's son Robert. He's refusing to acknowledge that his son Shad was the reason for the Lance Richard religion by Anyan's mental abilities being the reason for the religious belief in the first place."
He continued to punch and kick the bag recalling that Missy kept up her yowling sounding angry whenever he was using the boxer's bag in his exercise room. He had managed to figure that her yowling was from hating the sound of him attacking the boxer's bag. Tom heard whispering in the room as he felt his mood turn to anger. He heard silence in the room as he gave the boxer's bag a full body attack before hearing a clapping noise. 
Tom shifted from the boxer's bag to find Jinks in vicinity that spoke "So this is where you've been."
He heard the words were a statement and not a question gave the bag a kick only to get Jinks clapping his hand again finding the male walking up towards him while having hands up in a karate gesture. He exhaled a breath and charged towards Jinks in karate moves only to find the male easily defeated him including getting him into his familiar arm trap again while kneeling. Tom recalled his mood was bad shut his eyes forcing himself to mediate from the angry mood within him. He felt himself calmer used karate to get out of Jinks' arm trap before shot to his feet in a fast move. 
Tom got from Jinks "My favored son in law, get your things from the locker room now. I'll get you home."
He frowned but obeyed to follow Jinks outside to the parked limo sensing himself filmed to ignore the feeling to get inside the vehicle and buckled up his seatbelt. 
He eyed Jinks warily who spoke noticing his stare "So who's Anyan anyway? I've keep getting this talk by this Yevgeny Visser keeping on referring me as that.'
Tom sighed and spoke firmly the whole story regarding Shad and his brother Anyan including the start of the Lance Richard religion and that the names were used for naming the Speakers despite using the name of Onya for the female Speaker and what Yevgeny Visser admitted to him despite seeing him as a son. 
He clamped his mouth shut once done to frowned eyeing Jinks that formed a frown on his face followed by the male speaking "Interesting."
Tom frowned forming it on his lips as Jinks paused followed by adding "Alright. Osiris as he wishes to be referred instead of by that hated name the boneheads hate hearing has admitted to me of some of this story in question. He claims that the boneheads are preferring this son connection by Yevgeny to be played onto me and yourself instead of onto Osiris himself in question."
He hissed a breath loudly to get Jinks' Master abilities in control to groan softly before cutting his noises while eyeing Jinks to get from him "I haven't asked on what's going on to have Yevgeny play this father/son card onto the both of us. The boneheads have insisted I accept this and not question it. I haven't heard the whole story till you told me of it. It's rather interesting hearing the story from you."
Tom frowned but didn't say a word in response to find Jinks looking out the window which he obeyed to find the limo going into Jinks' building's garage room to his confusion. He frowned further as Jinks ordered him out which he obeyed to follow the male to the elevator finding him speaking the command for a Table room instead of to his residence. He kept the frown on his face as Jinks got him into a Table room with the familiar lawyer there typing onto the laptop as he stood next to the male with arms folded despite clad in sweats from the gym. Tom formed a glare as two cops accompanied Alisa guided by Shaw came into the room finding the female going to sit down opposite from Jinks. He kept the glare as one of the male cops took out a folder and thrust it onto the table towards Jinks from a briefcase. He found Jinks picking up the folder and appearing to be reading its contents fully before shifting to give it to the lawyer who quit his typing to read the paperwork. Tom kept his mouth shut in a thin line while glaring at Alisa who had a frown on her lips despite wearing wraparound sunglasses hiding her eyes. 
He kept the glare as the lawyer was heard "Everything is in order according to this file. It's legal and binding Mister Montreal."
Tom heard from Jinks "Kindly tell Tom what's this visit is about now."
He kept the glare finding Jinks not using the Master to hear "My Mother wasn't kidding on what she told Tom as you refer him regarding this divorce case between Valerie Jones and Cooper James Junior in question while he was in containment."
He exhaled a breath to continue to hear from Alisa "Except there's one complication involving this divorce case in question. Miss Jones wound up hospitalized during Tom's containment with a medical issue of offspring production."
Tom groaned softly hearing that as Alisa continued talking ignoring him groaning "Mister James is claiming that he's not the Father of the daughter that Miss Jones birthed despite DNA tests point him out as the Father in question. He's currently contesting that Father/daughter issue in court involving child support payments awarded to Miss Jones in the divorce case. That despite Miss Jones is contesting the alimony payments to pay Mister James in question."
He cut off his groaning to glare at Alisa who added "So talk Tom on what kind of mating ritual you played with Miss Jones in the limo? We have sworn witnesses statements from the driver of that limo that heard noises that he recognized sounded of some mating ritual was being played. I'm not going to say what kind of mating ritual the driver recognized till I hear what you has to say."
He heard from Jinks "Talk, Tom."
Tom spoke firmly while noticing Alisa cock her head "The mating ritual wound up being at first oral. Then we tried to further it by intercourse as it's called. Problems arrived when it was discovered that certain privates couldn't be accommodated for this ritual. I'm not kidding when I say my size and height does include a certain male's private part that is bigger in size than normal means. Hence I having trouble finding certain females to accommodate me when it comes for the intercourse to be done."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line to get from Alisa "Alright Mister Thunder is telling the truth. The driver's statements match what he glimpsed in the review mirror including seeing them both break off an intercourse attempt while hearing them giving off noises that sound of frustration to him."
Tom shifted to eye Jinks warily to find the male speaking "Excuse me Miss Visser. What is causing Mister James to contest the father/daughter issue if you don't mind me for asking?"
He shifted to eye Alisa who he noticed a cop typing onto his handheld device that got ordered to speak by her waving a hand towards Jinks. 
He heard "Mister James is contesting the connection on accusations that he forced Miss Jones into an intercourse ritual that resulted into the daughter to be born in question. Miss Jones is using the rape she calls it as reason why she shouldn't be paying him alimony despite contesting it in court. She's also using her daughter she's insisting on keeping as a reason for having Mister James pay her child support payments. He's currently contesting this child support issue in court at the moment."
Tom heard from Alisa as the cop paused "The Judge overseeing the court case is taking this seriously on this due to how well profiled the couple is in public at the moment. There's public opinion heavily favoring either side in this contest at the moment hence the Judge trying to figure out a good solution without causing another fight via camps in this contest. We had to break up brawls of people outside the court house where this case is being contested. The brawls or fights were by public getting into arguments on whose side in this contest their right on."
He frowned but kept the glare eyeing Alisa who added "Unfortunately your son in law as you keep on referring him, will possibly have to testify in court if either attorney subpoena's him to testify."
Tom spoke firmly "I won't testify."
He clamped his mouth shut feeling himself annoyed with his compulsion to speak as he heard from the lawyer "Unfortunately Mister Montreal, the cop is correct on this testifying issue. Your son in law will possibly be called to testify in his point of view regarding this case. If he refuses he'll face a fine and a jail sentence by the judge ordering it. Such cases like this would involve a fine and a jail sentence if witnesses refused to testify. I suspect that Mister James's lawyer might subpoena Mister Thunder in testifying to prove that Miss Jones was cheating onto him. Including that the intercourse relationship that provided the daughter wasn't his as claimed by Mister James. He from knowing the lawyer's thinking will use your son to prove that the daughter isn't his but Mister Thunder's instead."
Tom kept his mouth shut in a thin line as he shifted to eye Jinks who he heard spoke "The driver of the limo that witnesses Miss Jones and my son's intercourse attempt will he testify?"
He got in response "Miss Jones's lawyer has already subpoenaed the limo driver to testify on her behalf. He was ordered to give a recorded statement to us to keep his story straight when he goes to testify in court. Your son in law will have to do that to us once he gets subpoenaed."
He exhaled a breath hearing that from a cop to keep his eyes onto Jinks warily to find the lawyer answering his cell phone while speaking "Yes?"
Tom eyed the lawyer who hung up the cell phone and spoke "Lawyer from Mister James sent a messenger to here with a subpoena to your son in law to testify in court. It means he has to go to the precinct and give up a recorded statement on his point of view immediately. Then wait around in the city or within city's limits for the assigned date for the court case. He can't leave the city or its limits period till his testifying is over with is when he can travel elsewhere. Mister Thunder will face arrest if he leaves the city including a containment in jail until the date of the court case is when he's a free after testifying."
Tom groaned softly as he eyed Alisa to find her speaking "Excuse me Mister Montreal but I have a witness to process. You mind if we leave now and do this?"
He got from Jinks "Get this processing done and return my son in law back to here once you're done with him now."
He sighed and walked up towards the cops to find one taking Alisa's arm and leading the way to the elevator to find them going to the lobby followed by going out among the presses blaring questions he heard regarding the court case he forced himself to ignore answering as he got into the van for police. Tom sat behind Alisa sitting in a seat with her dog sensed at her feet giving off whining noises he heard as the van got driven by a Highlander driver to the precinct in Queenstown part of New York City. Tom found the cops getting him inside to an interrogation room where he was recorded on his statement regarding the court case then freed which he got driven to Jinks' building to walk inside via the entrance. He ignored the presses blaring questions aimed at him including their glaring lights despite wearing wraparound sunglasses. Tom entered the lobby to go to the elevator to find Jinks inside displaying the Master in control he hearing the command for Jinks' residence along with a growling noise from the male. 
Tom spoke "Stop the hissy fit as you call my temper tantrums."
He glared at Jinks who quit the growling to find the male not answering him instead remained silent till they arrived to Jinks' residence. 
Tom frowned as Jinks ordered him "Hit the gym room now."
Tom obeyed to find Jinks not following he figured the male was angry and going to mediate somewhere else as he went inside the gym room. He sensed himself filmed to ignore the feeling to practice his karate omitting Freeloader style combative art finding himself lengthy with his movements despite feeling himself angry. He kept on practicing till a foot connected with his leg forcing him to kneel followed by getting himself into Jinks' familiar arm trap again to his anger. Tom gave up a roar despite in Jinks' trap and struggled to free himself despite Jinks felt pulling onto his hair repeatedly. 
He heard in response "Quit the hissy fit now, Tom."
Tom gave up growling noises in response to Jinks' voice using the Master in control. He heard Jinks repeat his words shut his eyes forcing himself to calm down till once calmed used karate to get out of Jinks' trap. 
Tom heard clapping noises to find the butler standing in the doorway that spoke "Sirs nourishment is on the table for the both of you to take in."
He walked out of the gym room in response hearing nothing from Jinks and went to the dining room finding himself terribly hungry which he gobbled up the food of cheese sandwiches and fries from the looks of them indicating hands' use. He gulped down the strawberry milkshakes from cups and once done clamped a hand over his mouth waiting for him to give off the rude noise hearing it faintly sounding in his throat. Tom leaned back to eye Jinks who was still eating his food that jabbed a fork aimed at him and towards the dining room's entrance while jerking his head.
He got up and heard "Hit the TV room and take a nap. Your skin is displaying that sick look again. You look like you haven't had much sleep actually."
Tom sighed and didn't say a word towards Jinks' comment obeyed to go the TV room to lay back onto the couch shutting his eyes to feel himself really tired and glad to sleep which he felt himself passing out unconscious.

Tom grimaced inwardly from the memory fully in his mind as he sat in the courtroom waiting for his name to be called. He sensed himself filmed the moment he entered the courtroom while hearing scattered talk become whispering as he went to sit down as if compelled for Mister James' side of the room but in the way back. He ignored the filming sensation while wearing wraparound sunglasses including clad in a business suit with a tie on and his hair pulled back into a neat braid. He recalled meeting Jinks' lawyer who coached him on how to act in the courtroom including how to act when testifying to appear to be neutral for both parties instead of appearing to favor a side. 
He recalled the lawyer telling him "You're to sit in the way back on Mister James's side of the courtroom in question. Just avoid sitting behind him or anywhere near him at the lawyer's table in question."
Tom had obeyed finding a seat next to an older female that gave him a look of disapproval on her face he ignored to focus onto the court's proceedings going on. 
Tom found Cooper's lawyer he figured he'll refer the male by his first name of Cooper calling him "We call Tom Thunder to the witness stand now." 
He got up without a word towards the older female hearing gasps sounds from the crowd seated in the seats of the courtroom and took off his sunglasses on the way to the witnesses' stand to sit down and pocketed his eye wear. He kept his mouth into a thin line while waiting for Cooper's lawyer to question him. 
He didn't have long to wait as the lawyer proceeded to question him "When did you meet Miss Valerie Jones in question?"
Tom recalled the date spoke it firmly including got asked "Where did you meet her for the first time?"
He spoke "In her limo for the first time."
He eyed the lawyer who spoke "What was your purpose for being in Miss Jones's limo?"
Tom spoke firmly from memory fully in his mind "I was paid to bodyguard Miss Jones including being her escort for her safety around the city in question. I have training in body guarding in case you wanted to know."
He kept his mouth into a thin line while eyeing the lawyer who got his partner whispering in his ear he not hearing what's said followed by the female lawyer going to sit down as he noticed Cooper had a smirk on his face. 
Tom ignored the look to focus onto the lawyer who spoke "What did you and Miss Jones do in the limo just prior to the arrival to Cheetah's bar where she currently works a side job as a stripper in question?"
He recalled Jinks getting him to confront his issues regarding his size and height spoke firmly "Miss Jones and I got into a sexual oral relations that turned into a failed intercourse attempt-"
Tom was interrupted hearing booing from the crowd to find the judge blowing a whistle to get the crowd of people quiet followed by the lawyer repeating his question which he repeated his answer and added "The intercourse attempt met failure due to my size isn't just involving my height and body size. I was not able to penetrate Miss Jones when we did the intercourse attempt in question."
He formed a thin line with his mouth while eyeing the lawyer to find the male getting another whispered wording via his female partner he noticing Cooper was still smirking.
Tom got from the lawyer "Penetrate Mister Thunder? Are you aware that there are cases when a woman have wound up having an offspring production soon after certain residue we refer it was able to enter her and got her having this issue in question?"
He heard in response "Objection! The question is a hypothesis not proven by science at the moment!"
Tom found the wording was by Miss Jones's lawyer he seeing her having a frown on her face while holding a wrapped bundle in her arms. 
He heard from the Judge in response "Hold on a minute!"
Tom shifted to eye the Judge tapping onto a laptop he not seeing what its contents was followed by the male speaking "Objection accepted. Mister James, have your lawyer ask another question or reform the question in a different manner now."
He shifted to eye the lawyer who went to sit down having a whispered conversation with his fellow lawyer and Cooper till the male got up speaking towards him "Hypothetically Humans males can't get their residue into women to form offspring production. Unfortunately by the looks of you you're not a normal Human."
Tom exhaled a breath hearing that to recall Jinks' arm trap on getting him to admit his problems accepting his size and height as the lawyer continued talking "Do you or don't you deny that you have a non-Human side referred by Berserker in question?"
He spoke after inhaling a breath "I confirm that I do have a Berserker side."
Tom got from the lawyer "Then you confirm that your not entirely Human?'
He spoke firmly realizing why Cooper was smirking and the crowd's booing comments was "I confirm I'm not entirely human."
Tom heard silence from the crowd but gasps sounds as the lawyer continued he noticing Cooper still smirking "Then do you confirm or deny that your non Human side is capable of leaving residue into women to get them into an offspring production?"
He spoke firmly from memory of the High Council's words towards him involving getting an offspring production into females was involving only penetration period "I deny."
Tom heard booing from the crowd as he noticed Cooper remained smirking followed by the Judge blowing his whistle getting the people quiet. 
He kept his mouth shut as his senses blared warning unexpectedly as he eyed the lawyer to Cooper who spoke after a pause of silence "Are you sure of your words Mister Thunder? Take a look at the baby Miss Jones is holding and tell me who fathered her."
He looked to find a cop taking Miss Jones' baby from her, her lawyer restraining the female from getting up by having a hand on her arm. Tom didn't say a word as the cop undid the blankets and showed the court the baby naked while wearing a diaper having a mop of black hair and his eye color as his senses blared warning again. He saw Cooper was again smirking he noticed the male had blonde hair that looked dyed and blue eyes that made him think they were contacts to him. 
He eyed the baby warily as he shifted to focus onto the lawyer who spoke "You sure of your words Mister Thunder? Now I ask again do you confirm or deny fathering the child in question?"
Tom felt himself compelled to speak found himself blurting to his shock despite his senses blaring warning abruptly "I confirm I fathered the child by the looks of her."
Tom clamped his mouth shut feeling himself annoyed with his blurting as the crowd gave off booing sounds quieted by the Judge to find the lawyer smiling and speaking "No further questions Your Honor."
Tom found Valerie giving Cooper a glare as she was handed back her baby he noticed her ex-husband was still smirking as Valerie's lawyer questioned him "Kindly take a look at Mister James and tell us what you think is his looks?"
He got a whip flashing in his mind to speak firmly while eyeing Valerie's lawyer "His hair looks dyed and he looks like he's wearing contacts for his eyes. I know of that because I was in the Stuntman's Association wearing various disguises. I recognize a disguise from the looks of him at closer inspection."
Tom again got the familiar whip flashing in his mind repeatedly as the lawyer questioned him "Then what's with your blurting of fathering Miss Jones's daughter when it's obvious she's Mister James's daughter in question?"
He heard "Objection! The witness is underneath oath to tell the truth!"
Tom found the Judge speaking "Objection overruled. There's an unauthorized Builder detected in the room speaking manipulation towards the witness including manipulating him to speak the fact of fathering Miss Jones's daughter."
He exhaled a breath to form a glare on his face as the crowd gave up a gasp sound to notice Cooper had stopped his smirking and looked furious to him. Tom kept the glare while eyeing the lawyer for Miss Jones who removed his contacts showing eyes of a Destroyer and putting them into a pocket's holder. He shifted to eye Miss Jones in response to see her get her eyes scanned by a cop an apparent Destroyer holding a cell phone device. 
Tom kept his mouth shut as he heard "She's Builder."
Tom heard gasps from the crowd as the cop pulled out a tube and got Miss Jones' to breathe it while attached to the handheld computer before speaking "Computer is registering her unable to talk by indicating a problem with her throat. Her throat problem involves being choked to the point of suffering injury to her vocal cords."
He didn't protest as his eyes got scanned and heard the cop "The computer is registering him as Human despite his eyes being unusual. I need to scan your throat sir."
Tom didn't say a word as he blew air through the tube to find the cop speaking once the device was removed "Device is registering him as Human with Human vocal cords despite his hypnotic voice tone used. I need to scan Mister James."
He heard gasps from the crowd to find the cop going to Cooper who remained furious to him. 
He heard from the cop "Remove your contact licenses Mister James. Device is registering you wearing coverage over your eyes."
Tom kept the glare aimed at Cooper who obeyed to show Human brown eyes as the cop scanned his eyes to hear "He's Builder!"
He heard booing from the crowd followed by the familiar whistle by the judge to find Cooper still having an angry glare get ordered to breathe onto the device. 
Tom eyed Cooper with a glare who obeyed to hear from the cop "His vocal cords are in perfect condition without any injury. So speak something Mister James for records now."
He kept the glare as Cooper spoke a vulgarity insult aimed at the cop to find the male speaking after hearing beeping sounds "He's not the unauthorized Builder in question but someone else in the crowd is that."
Tom eyed a crowd member as if drawn to find his eyes focused onto the female who gave him a disapproval look when he sat next to her he noticing she looked old enough to be Cooper's Mother. He kept his eyes onto her as the cop was joined by his partner to scan the crowd finding the female looking more and more furious once Humans and Destroyers were detected omitting Builders. Tom found the cop reaching the female to scan her once it was obvious she was the last person to notice a Destroyer behind her pulling out handcuffs. 
He heard the confirmation of Builder spoken by the cop followed by the male "I'm confirming it was her who spoke her unauthorized Builder's voice talent orders in the court room." 
Tom heard booing as the female was arrested and hauled out of the courtroom he noticing Cooper looked furiously angry to hear the Judge's familiar whistle followed by ordering loudly "Lawyer for Mister James is to question the witness again but this time use a different question this time."
He eyed the lawyer in response who got up seeing the male had disgust on his face followed by questioned "The Builder you seen sitting next to did you recognize her?"
Tom spoke firmly "No I don't recognize her. I do have a mental ability sense that tells me who's the Builder spoken in the room doing manipulations to focus onto the person like I was doing towards her."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line to get asked the familiar questions he giving out his familiar answers he noticing Cooper looked furious by the brown eyes seen. 
Tom got asked "Do you confirm or deny fathering Miss Jones's daughter?"
He eyed the lawyer fully in the eyes and spoke firmly "I deny."
He heard silence from the crowd to get from the lawyer "No further questions Your Honor."
Tom shifted towards Miss Jones's lawyer who got up speaking "What do you know of other Humanoid species such as Builders and Humans having an offspring production in question?"
He heard nothing from Cooper's lawyer spoke firmly "I know that implantation must be done between Builders and Humans. Their not capable of having an offspring production via intercourse way."
Tom heard booing sounding from the crowd who got silenced by the Judge's whistle finding Cooper slouching in his chair looking more and more furious to him. 
He eyed the lawyer who spoke "Can you confirm or deny of being capable of an offspring production with a female Builder?"
Tom recalled the Zesky Hospital as if compelled spoke firmly "Ask the Zesky Hospital. They recently tested me including that they specialized in non Humanoids including Humanoids who are unusual such as myself. "
He willed forwards the Berserker to hear gasps from the crowd while flexing a clawed hand towards the lawyer whose eyes widen. He quit the Berserker look once he heard a baby's crying sound he recognizing the noise of the baby wanting to hear a parent's voice. Tom heard the baby belonging to Miss Cooper wailing loudly despite her attempts to quiet her daughter only to hear loud vulgarity from Cooper aimed at the child to shut up. He heard the baby quit her crying in response to Cooper's yelling to hear silence from the crowd but noticed that they were mostly glaring at Cooper with accusation in their eyes seen. Tom shifted to eye the lawyer to find a light flash showing a masked Highlander servant of the High Council standing next to the male who did a double take look. He frowned as the Highlander without a word handed the Judge a folder before disappearing in a light show. Tom shifted to eye the Judge who scanned the folder's contents seemingly lengthy as if taking a closer scrutiny onto them before taping onto his laptop computer. 
He found the Judge after a lengthy tapping speaking "The folder is test results from the Zesky Hospital I recognize the authorization on my computer matches the symbol on there regarding one Tom Thunder as he's named. Test results indicate he's not capable of fathering offsprings through intercourse through the following humanoid species I name, Highlander, Shadonia, and the two Humanoid species of Destroyer, and Builder."
Tom heard vulgarity insults aimed at Cooper from the crowd some saying "Admit it you fathered the child!"
He kept his mouth into a thin line as the Judge blew his whistle repeatedly while eyeing Cooper who continued to slouch further into the chair looking angry as the male looked up moving his mouth he hearing vulgarity shouts from the man including threats of death aimed at Valerie. Tom found two cops both Destroyers going up towards Cooper who got up to block his efforts to stomp towards Miss James while still blowing a hissy fit he saw as the crowd quit their noises. 
He eyed Cooper who kept on ranting vulgarity aimed at his ex-wife including talking "Bitch refused to quit that job I told her to quit! She keeps on using that job as a reason for making her own money despite claiming that I have some gambling addiction! I taught her a lesson with getting her to submit to sex despite she trying to get money-"
Tom found Cooper interrupted by his female lawyer placing a hand over his mouth and patting the male onto the cheek as he flared golden eyes while still giving off growling noises. 
He kept his mouth shut as the Judge spoke loudly "Mister Thunder you may step down. Your testifying is over with."
Tom obeyed to ignore Cooper still doing a hissy fit as he walked out of the room as if compelled to walk out of the courthouse finding the presses there gathered outside.
He heard loudly "What's going on with your Father in law creating you to exist?!"
Tom heard the presses blaring questions aimed at him on that after hearing the yeller was a Highlander to feel glaring lights shining onto him. He put on his sunglasses to hear silence from the crowd to find Jinks walking up towards him he keeping his mouth shut in a thin line. Tom grimaced hearing the familiar question yelled once Jinks reached him to hear further silence from the presses once the male was seen flaring his Master look. 
He kept his mouth shut in a thin line as he heard "Cut the questions aimed at Mister Montreal. You should be asking me instead."
Tom exhaled a breath to hearing Yevgeny's voice to find Yevgeny walking into sight and speaking once holding up a hand towards Jinks "Thanks for your money to pay for the services, Mister Montreal if you know what I mean resulting in his existence."
He inhaled hearing silence from the crowd to find Jinks shaking hands with Yevgeny he hearing "I know what you mean Mister Visser."
He sighed hearing Jinks' voice not having the Master in control to continue to hear "Excuse the confusion regarding my daughter and him hooking up into an inappropriate relationship when its appropriate. Their not brother and sister actually. Actually he's your son not mine. I simply paid for the procedure to create him to existence. The issue of Tom being a family member of yours wasn't taken seriously but now it should."
Tom folded his arms while eyeing Yevgeny to find them releasing their hands' grips followed by the male speaking "I know you too well that you hate talking to the presses. I'll answer the presses questions once you kindly take Tom as he wishes to be called back to his residence and fully explain the story of his existence to him. He seems annoyed with what's he's hearing at the moment."
Tom didn't say a word as Jinks gestured him to come along which he followed while fisting his hands after unfolding his arms to get into a limo to buckle up finding the male doing the same thing. 
He heard an Hmph sound from Jinks to speak firmly "What story is Yevgeny sprouting this time regarding me?"
He glared at Jinks who spoke in response "Yevgeny got a hold of me privately and asked me how I came to exist. He finds it odd that I'm not his son Anyan via personality. I admitted to him of having an original body that was reportedly created via a part of this body implanted into a female Human later turned out to be a Builder. I also admitted that the original body was destroyed by the High Council and I woke up in this body."
Tom gave up an Hmph sound as Jinks kept talking "Yevgeny told me privately that he plans to use some version of that story in Human acceptable terms to the public to explain your existence including confirming this Father/son connection between him and you. He plans to confirming him as the mastermind for your creation to the public and being responsible for your existence. He plans to point out that I was simply used for paying for an implantation of you put into a female that passed away from carrying you."
He hissed a breath loudly to get Jinks giving him his Master look and speaking "Talk Tom on your actual existence to Shadan now."
Tom spoke "You sure that the limo doesn't have recorders to eavesdrop?"
He glared at Jinks who spoke in response "The High Council through a Meritanian claims that they are the ones controlling recorders of any form in my residence and in my vehicles except for my gym room. They have ignored the recorders there judging by how popular the Humans aka First Ones have viewed the recordings of me doing karate at first via the internet including hackers broadcasting recordings online too. Now I have my own cable channel that just shows me doing various karate Kata on various days including mediation. It was no accident that you were insisted on going to that gym or I showed up to the gym you were there practicing."
Tom gave up a disgust sound getting Jinks glaring at him which he spoke "Someone caught me doing karate on the recording in your gym room and wanted to know if it was realistic instead of some computer graphic joke. Am I right to think that?"
He glared at Jinks who willed aside the Master and got from the male "You're correct on that talk Tom. Hence I showing up at your gym to pull my arm trick onto you in question. Hackers caught the recording of this arm trick done onto you and broadcasted it online despite attempts to keep it off my cable channel."
Tom gave up a disgust sound to get Jinks adding "I wasn't pleased to find myself filmed when I pulled that arm trick onto you at that gym you were in."
He spoke in response "Filming I can sense happening to me if I'm in a certain mood but whenever I'm not in that mood I can't sense that at all."
Tom got from Jinks an Hmph sound followed by finding the limo parked at the curb to his building and got told "Just continue on attending the gym, Tom. Missy, according to Alina pulled a hissy yowling fit whenever she heard whoever playing with a punching bag even if it was just playing. I surprised that she hasn't scratched your face yet despite she known to do it to whoever playing with the punching bag even if it involves waking them up from a sleeping status in question."
Tom gave up a groan and without a word got out of the car and went into the building. He felt compelled to go to the mailbox growled an annoyed sound to find it again full with a package in Victoria's handwriting on it addressed to him with no return address. Tom gave up an Hmph and took the elevator to his apartment's floor finding the familiar couple inside kissy faced and ignoring him giving off growling noises. He got inside the apartment to hear a meow from Missy followed by feeling her batting his shoelaces of his sneakers. He gave up a roar in response to stomp ignoring Missy into his bedroom slamming the door followed by stripping himself of the suit putting it into the closet and put on his exercise wear clothes before leaving the bedroom to go to the exercise room. Tom ignored the punching bag to sense himself spied on as he proceeded to do karate finding himself doing Freeloaders' combative art moves while switching from Human's karate to the Freeloader's karate back and forth. He felt the staring got the best of him willed forwards the Berserker to flex a clawed hand in the direction of the staring he found was Victoria standing in the doorway with the Master in control he noticing her dressed in sweats. Tom heard an ahem sound to find Mavis seated on the couch looking nervous which he willed aside the Berserker to glare at Victoria who willed aside the Master. 
He glared at Victoria who spoke "See me in the bedroom now."
He heard a meow to find Missy getting onto Mavis' lap to demand pets from her meowing sounds. 
He ignored the cat and went into the bedroom following Victoria to get her speaking once he slammed the door "I received a video recording from Alina Visser I sent you a copy of. Did you view it yet?"
Tom recalled the package without a word gave up a growl and left the bedroom sensing Victoria following. He went to the bookcase to yank out Victoria's package to rip open the envelope finding a recording inside a case. He went to the TV to put the recording into the box for it and clicked on the remote to watch what he assumed was Alina Visser's recording. 

Tom felt rage hitting him once the recording was done to thump the remote control onto the table while standing up rubbing a hand over his scarred cheek. He fisted his hand sensing himself stared at and ignored the staring to bring his left hand touching his cheek onto the glass coffee table in a fast move seeing it shatter on impact. He ignored the leakage of blood onto his knuckles from the pain to feel the Berserker side refused to take control despite struggling to will it forwards. Tom felt himself forced by Victoria's hands onto him to the kitchen unit's sink to wash the blood off he spotted was black colored. He breathed deeply through his mouth as Victoria he spied got the first aid kit and managed to fix up his bleeding knuckles which he flexed the hand finding his Berserker side refused to come out despite willing for it. He didn't protest as Victoria got him onto the couch to sit and found her straddling him to kiss him on the lips he forced himself to calm kissing her back while running hands over her back. Tom sighed feeling himself calmer from Victoria's kissing him to kiss her back followed by hearing a loud ahem sound. He groaned via his throat recognizing the noise as Mavis's voice to feel cat paws' onto his shoulder including a loud meow sounding annoyed to him. Tom broke off the kiss to look away as Victoria without a word was sensed getting off of him and heard Mavis's Builder chatter to sense a light show while hearing a loud click noise. He felt Missy batting his face with a paw while giving off meows sounding irritated to him. Tom forced himself to calm as he removed Missy off his shoulder and leaned back onto the couch putting the cat onto his lap and rubbed his right hand over his eyes while groaning loudly. He recalled the recording was of Alina catching her husband Yevgeny into a hidden recorded talk. He sighed as he recalled the talk subject that made him furious to hear. Tom ignored Missy sitting onto his lap claws digging onto the area as he grabbed the remote and turned on the recording to hear. 
Alina on recording spoke "Yevie what's going on with you and this obsession with Tom Thunder anyway? 
Yevgeny on the recording spoke "Obsession? What makes you think I have this attitude?"
Alina spoke "He's Brain Wave the assassin. He should be locked up forever-"
Alina was interrupted "Never! Not on my life should my descendant be locked up! Don't every mention that again to me!"
Tom grimaced hearing Yevgeny refer him as his descendant to hear from Alina "Descendant? What are you talking about? Tom Thunder isn't your offspring or descendant via DNA test saying it."
He eyed the recording to get Yevgeny pacing back and forth followed by the male admitting what he said to him regarding who he originally was Anyan King of Anya of the island nation of Great Britain. 
He continued to hear "Tom Thunder as he's called is Shad by the looks of him indicating it. I'm not even sure of how he got his Berserker side or outliving various manoids' life spans in question. Anyan, my own son from my body as Anyan, from the looks of him is Jinks Montreal I recognized him despite he having a scarring on his face."
Tom continued to eye the recording to find Alina speaking "Then what's with this bit of you making Anyan and Shad seen as Father/son publicity instead of brothers?"
He sighed feeling Missy's claws digging onto his front while hearing a meow from her in an annoyed voice tone he forced himself to be calm as he heard from Yevgeny "The Father/ son bit is true actually. I fathered Anyan who fathered Shad. That despite Anyan was led to believe that his own son was a brother fathered by me."
Tom exhaled a breath hearing Yevgeny's confession to hear from Alina "Impossible. How can that happen-"
He found her interrupted "It happened as simple as that. Anyan was young and foolish when he preyed onto Jacinda for a mating ritual that resulted into his son Shad. Jacinda was sent to a sea village dubbed Lancelot to birth Shad. She was told by me to stay there and not leave for anything period. King George whose descendant was married to Anyan currently, must have found out about this to get Anyan to give up the throne to his kingdom. Including the result of the Lance Richard religion originated from that village followed by wars that wound up united all of Great Britain underneath him as king just prior to the great flood arrived."
Tom sighed softly while eyeing the recording to get Alina speaking "Anything else regarding this Father/son issue publicity known today?"
He eyed Yevgeny who paced before grabbing Alina by the arms and speaking "The Father/son issue will be forced publicity even if I have to manipulate people via presses to do this issue for me."
He continued to watch as Alina spoke "The issue of Jinks Montreal fathering Tom Thunder-"
She he heard was interrupted "It's true actually. I had a hand in that privately via presses to blare this brother and sister issue between Anyan's daughter and Shad. It was the only way to get Anyan to acknowledge Shad as his son despite already told of this and he refusing to believe me of this."
He groaned softly as Missy was felt purring as he heard "Yevie what are you talking about? What do you meant Anyan denying Shad as his son?"
Tom continued to watch as Missy quit her purring and felt her claws digging into his legs on his lap as he heard from Yevgeny "Alina, I confronted Anyan over a year ago with the news of me his Father Anyan in another body form. I tried to jog his memory on fathering Shad despite his son known as Tom Thunder. He denied fathering Shad. I was forced to take drastic measures to get this Father/son connection remembered via presses privately at first. I will publicity at a press conference once I get the chance to announce this Father/son connection towards Anyan and Shad via the names their publicity known as Jinks Montreal and Tom Thunder. I will aim to see that Jinks as he prefers to be called acknowledges this Father/son issue towards Tom Thunder period. I'll do what it takes to happen."
He heard a barking sound to find the recording jiggling followed by Alina groaning out "Shaw needs to be let out for his personal issues. Excuse me."
Tom sighed as Alina walked away followed by the recorder following indicating it was attached to Shaw's collar to find the screen turned blue as the recording clicked off. He groaned softly while rubbing a hand over his scarred cheek only to feel Missy's purring vibrations to remove his hand gently rubbing her back getting her meowing in tones that she didn't want to be petted. Tom sighed again and forced himself to sit on the couch while shutting his eyes breathing deeply through his mouth as he felt Missy purr her vibrations again. He sighed lulled by her vibrations felt himself passing out unconscious to come to hearing the familiar ringing noise. Tom found himself in the High Council's throne room by the ringing noise's familiarity to jerk open his eyes swinging himself up in an acrobatic move. He found Jinks held up by the Falcons shaking his head of sleeping status while clad in his familiar clothes. Tom stood with arms folded glaring at the High Council as he heard an Hmph from Jinks followed by feeling gloved hands holding onto his arms from behind he recognized belonged to Anubis. 
He glared as he heard from a Speaker "Ramses, what is going on with this Yevgeny Visser and his weird attitude towards Horus and Mindbender in question as admitted on this recording?"
He glared as he heard that question spoken from Onya instead of Shad to hear "Barry get yourself to the High Council's meeting room now! You owe them an explanation to the question their asking me!"
Tom glared as Barry appeared into a light show to get from the Builder speaking "Yes I saw what the recording contained. Alina Visser managed to get a hold of me via Meritanian variety to insist I view it first before she had you and whoever view it in question. Alexei Zesky talked to her about the existence of me and my brothers as oath he would to the oldest female of her family line descendants from him in question. Alina is actually a descendant of Alexei. He fathered multiple offsprings while living at the Zesky Hospital on Shadan and shared multiple secret knowledge among his descendants."
He heard as Barry paused "Kindly get to the point and spare us an explanation we already know of."
Tom glared at Barry hearing Onya speaking to get from the Builder "Yes I'm aware that you know of this but Jinks and Mindbender doesn't know hence I telling them. As for Yevgeny and his attitude regarding his son Anyan and Anyan's son Shad he's indicating that its time for him to be put down into a healing sleep status. He does go under healing sleep status for body renewal but they take longer than Jinks' mandatory seven day sleeping statuses that hits Jinks once a Human cycled calendar year. Lucky for Jinks his sleeping status only happens every Human calendar month of October every planetary cycle. Yevgeny's sleeping statuses varies on time frames of when he's asleep including calendars' dates. Yevgeny assumes that he'll be down asleep longer and longer as long as he stays awake not sleeping his renewal sleep. I do warn you that Yevgeny's thought is inaccurate actually. If his body has a sickness or an injured status he sleeps long as a planetary cycle around the sun. His sleeping involves one lunar cycle if his body is healthy."
Tom kept the glare aimed at Barry who noticed his glare and got the Builder speaking "Yevgeny is trying to make up for lost time from his past actually. Hence he pulling this inappropriate attitude onto Jinks and Mindbender in question. His behavior is from him using his memories of his past to make up lost time with people he considers family at the moment. He considers Jinks as Anyan and Mindbender as Shad now. Only Osiris with the memories fully of Yevgeny's past life as Anyan King of Anya can talk him out of this. It's Osiris who's Anyan the son of Anyan King of Anya himself actually."
Tom continued to glare to sense a light show to find Lance appearing lying on the floor while appearing to look asleep to him. He glared at Lance who woke up gasping loudly while finding the male putting hands onto his masked face and groaning loudly. Tom glared as Lance shook his head of sleep and got up appearing to notice him and Jinks in the room. 
He kept the glare as Lance spoke "Don't tell me that Yevgeny Visser is my Father actually in a new body. I keep on having dreams of that including dreams of his drama stunts involving Mindbender and Horus seeing them as son and Father."
Tom bared his teeth in response while willing forwards the Berserker to growl loudly feeling the Falcons' hands onto his arms in tight grips despite Anubis walking into sight whacking Lance on the back of the head with a hand. 
He heard "You weren't dreaming that, Osiris."
Tom heard the loud whisper from Anubis to get Lance forming a big frown followed by the male speaking "Alright simply transport me and my Father into an observation room and leave the recordings on. I might as well talk to him on this issue."
Tom found Lance disappearing in a light show to eye the High Council to find a recording screen appearing in the air followed by lights dimming to see an overhead view of Yevgeny pacing in an observation room. He glared as Lance appeared into a light show yanking off the mask and heard speaking gibberish he feeling himself annoyed hearing. Tom glared as Yevgeny quit pacing to stare at Lance as the male continued his gibberish he heard sounded of repeated. 
He continued to watch as Yevgeny darted towards Lance the male heard crying out "My son!" 
Tom exhaled a breath forcing himself to be calm despite his angry mood rising as Lance and Yevgeny hugged each other in a tight hold while hearing sobbing sounds coming from them. 
He glared at the scene as he heard "My son Shad is alive contained in another planetary world out of the influence of the High Council. I recognized the High Council's influence onto him via the training he received as an assassin when he challenged me to a duel. I sort of caused him an injury to his back to put him out asleep then transported him to some place where he appeared dead to the High Council. Shad now has a connection to this planetary world he's currently living in so he can't leave it to Shadan. I can still sense him whenever he activates the planetary connection that gives me the familiar feeling of the Father/son connection like you hoped to get from me."
Tom continued to glare hearing Lance's words to eye Yevgeny as if drawn to hear "I need to sleep. I'm weary of my life now. I don't have a purpose other than just manipulating Humans to see me as a leader and manipulating females to bear my offsprings when the feeling of that hits."
He exhaled a breath feeling himself calming down from his raging mood hearing Yevgeny's words for it reminded him of serving the High Council as an assassin with undivided loyalties towards the group. He continued to eye the scene as Lance without a word got Yevgeny to lie down onto the bed and found the male forcing Yevgeny's eyes shut followed by seeing him place a hand over the male's forehead before backing away. Tom saw the screen disappear followed by the lights resuming their brightness to glare at the High Council to find a Speaker speaking "Barry! Transport Horus and Mindbender back to their respected residences now!"
He heard Barry's Builder chatter to find himself freed of the Falcons only to find himself transported to the familiar sandy beach island with Jinks in vicinity still held by Barry having a hand on the male's neck. Tom willed aside the Berserker to fold his arms while giving Barry a glare to find the male freeing Jinks who gave up a loud Hmph sound.
Barry he saw glared at Jinks speaking "Admit it, Jinks!"
He heard the firmness of Barry's voice tone glared at Jinks finding the male remained silent as he heard the Builder's familiar chatter language seemingly lengthy before sensing a light show which he figured that he transported himself out. He found the filming sensation quit as Lance appeared in a light show growling loudly he heard sounded of the Guardian to him instead of the male's voice tone. Tom glared at Jinks who shrugged into the Lance Richard persona after willing forwards the Master and making a shrugging movement. 
Tom kept the glare as Jinks spoke while appearing to look like Lance Richard complete with the outfit and crown "Admit what Osiris?"
He eyed Lance who spoke "Don't Osiris me, Jinks. Admit it that it was you who played this Father/son connection joke onto Yevgeny."
Tom found the Berserker refused to take control as he folded his arms and gave Jinks a glare while growling softly who shrugged away the Lance Richard look and speaking "Joke? What joke are you talking about?"
He heard Jinks' voice had an edge in it spoke firmly cutting off his growling "Jinks, your voice is indicating on something not said."
He glared at Jinks to find the male waving a hand towards him which he felt paralysis found the Berserker still kept away to mentally think "Shield."
Tom found the paralysis going away to swing himself up finding Lance and Jinks were in a fight of karate. He found Jinks kicking at Lance who expertly blocked his kicks with his hands and arms in karate moves.
He heard from Lance "Give up inks!"
Tom heard the sarcasm of Lance's voice to hear a roar from Jinks followed by the male doing body charge attacks onto Lance. He snarled out a growling sound and without a word snuck up behind Jinks to grab the male into Jinks' familiar arm trap while holding onto the male's long hair from behind. Tom kept himself calm as Jinks was felt angry and struggling to free himself. He repeated the shield command each time he sensed Jinks giving off electrical jolts of pain to his arm and hand. Tom yanked onto Jinks' hair repeatedly over and over each time Jinks gave off a roar and electrical jolt. He continued to hold onto Jinks till Lance walked into view giving off growling noises while holding a hand up he noticing the male's Master ability in control.
Tom spoke firmly "Lance, don't."
He eyed Lance with pleading who folded his arms willing aside the Master and remained standing while glaring at Jinks he saw by the eyed look. Tom kept his eyes onto Lance ignoring the pain Jinks was causing to his arm and hand holds onto the male. 
He shifted to look down at Jinks who quit the paining process and heard "Alright I sort of egged Yevgeny on regarding this Anyan fathering Shad. The egging was an excuse to break up Victoria paired with an assassin a High Council servant."
He felt himself angry breathe heavily through his mouth as he continued to hear "I'm still smarting from the High Council claiming on manipulating me to rape a female approved for that to create my daughter. Hence I spiting them by breaking up the pairing between my daughter and him."
Tom exhaled a breath to continue to hear from Jinks "The High Council wanted a female offspring from me so they could pair her to him. The pairing was supposed to be a reward for their perfect servant and perfect assassin like they said to me in my face after a lengthy time period of servitude."
He got from Lance in response as Jinks paused "Free Jinks now."
He obeyed hearing the firmness of Lance's voice tone to fold his arms giving Jinks a glare as the male turned around glaring at him back he sensing no fear from him. Tom eyed Jinks who walked up towards him to reach him he looking down finding the male looking up to feel a feeling of sleepiness hitting him blinked his eyes. Tom blinked his eyes hearing a familiar yowl of a cat sounding in his ear. He jerked open his eyes to discover himself seated on the couch with Missy standing on his shoulder yowling in his ear as he saw the TV screen was displaying a local news's program he discovering the time was eleven o'clock in the evening. He groaned and removed Missy off his shoulder to get her squirming while held which he placed her down onto the floor and found his coffee table wasn't smashed from the looks of it. He eyed his left hand to find the knuckles weren't in pain instead seemed intact instead of cut. Tom got up and felt himself filmed to swear vulgarities aimed at jokesters to blink his eyes discovering himself still on the sandy beach finding his mouth clamped shut by a hand. 
He found Jinks looking away to glare at Lance having a hand over his mouth he hearing "I wasn't kidding on what I told you, Jinks."
Tom gave up a growling noise sounding in his throat despite hearing Lance's words as Lance he heard continued "So Meritanians since the High Council is eavesdropping simply leave Jinks and Mindbender to settle this argument and transport me out."
He found Lance disappearing in a light show after removing his hand to give off a loud roar and charged towards Jinks full body attack despite feeling his mood bad. Tom found himself tripped and back into Jinks' familiar arm trap again as he gave up growling noises.
Tom growled out "I still want Victoria as mine-"
He gave up an ugh sound to Jinks' hair pulling in a tight hold finding the male forced his head up. Tom glared as Jinks' face came into view followed by feeling the male gagging him onto the throat by hand onto his windpipe. Tom kept the glare aimed at Jinks keeping his hands to himself as the male he saw had the Master in control followed by feeling paralysis. Tom recalled the shield command spoke it mentally to yank Jinks' hand off his windpipe while getting up in a fast move glaring at Jinks with hands fisted. He struck out a kick aimed at Jinks' front when Jinks appeared to be marching up towards him. Tom kept striking out kicks aimed at Jinks' front who blocked them with his hands karate style.
Tom spoke snarling "I love Victoria and she loves me in return."
He got Jinks giving off a roar and charging towards him in a high kicking jump move. Tom ducked in response to roll onto the sandy ground followed by swinging himself up. Tom glared at Jinks who circled him as he circled the male finding Jinks' eyes displaying an angry Human blue eyed look aimed at him. 
He spoke firmly in a snarling voice tone "Victoria accepts me for who I am personality wise. I do the same towards her."
He got Jinks speaking in response "You sure of that acceptance regarding you and your personality?"
Tom heard the edge in Jinks' voice tone finding Jinks stopped circling him and was standing with arms folded a smirk on the male's face. He snarled out a growling noise as he recalled abruptly of Victoria accepting the pairing between him and her was because of Mavis a male she was fond of that his looks was twin to. Tom continued to recall as if compelled that Victoria saw him as a substitute to not being able to be paired to Mavis hence her acceptance of their pairing. 
He glared at Jinks to speak firmly "Would his name be Mavis Petersen?"
Tom glared at Jinks while folding his arms finding the male had his eyes widen followed by an angry glare he hearing vulgarity insults aimed at a male he not hearing a name. He felt the Berserker willed forwards abruptly to hold up a hand towards Jinks who paced still giving off his vulgarity language.
Tom mentally spoke "Jinks to me."
He found Jinks flying towards him doing an acrobatic flip to kick him in the chest cutting off his mental order followed by landing onto the ground to feel himself again caught into Jinks' familiar arm trap. Tom found Jinks zapping him with electrical charges of pain despite he giving off the shield command and willing aside the Berserker. 
He snarled during a break of pain "Admit it that no male is suitable enough to be paired towards your daughter!"
Tom gave up an ugh sound as Jinks again continued on zapping him. He forced himself to be calm to find the floor changed into metal followed by gasping as Jinks' hold was off him. Tom breathed deeply to get up in a fast move finding himself in the High Council's presence. He found the Falcons had their grips onto Jinks who still had the Master in control while noticing the Speakers had their heads bowed. He found the High Council behind the Speakers weren't in discussion instead were appearing to be mind scanning Jinks by their still forms. 
Tom glared at the High Council to hear from the Speakers "Transport Mindbender out now!"
He found himself transported back to his residence to give off a loud roaring noise of anger while kneeling before shutting his eyes and forcing himself to mediate. Tom mediated seemingly lengthy only to feel a yowl of a cat indicating Missy including her head felt rubbing his knee he hearing the feed me tones from her. Tom ignored Missy finding his mood still bad as the cat kept up her begging only to feel the furball onto his shoulder and yowling in his ear loudly. He yanked Missy off his shoulder in a fast move placing her down onto the floor and resumed mediating feeling his mood still bad as always only to find the cat resumed her begging. Tom opened his eyes to glare at Missy rubbing her head onto his knee while still begging. 
He gave up a loud Hmph and got up thinking to himself "Damn cat."
Tom went to feed Missy finding her eating the food hungrily.
He went to his exercise room to practice karate thinking to himself "The exercise should help calm me down."
Tom did his karate seemingly lengthy ignoring everything all around him till a loud ringing blared cutting him off his movements. He found Victoria standing in the doorway holding onto his battery operated alarm clock in her hand and got her glaring at him with her arms folded while tossing the clock to Mavis seated on the couch. He saw Mavis grimace as he resumed looking at Victoria who's eyes showed the Master in control followed by her making a come gesture with a finger. Tom didn't say a word in response walked up towards Victoria to follow her into the bedroom which he gently shut the door finding her still displaying the Master look making him nervous. Tom gulped as Victoria jabbed a finger to the floor and aimed it at him which he kneeled in response while still gulping. 
He stared at Victoria with pleading on his face to find her speaking "Remove your clothes now!"
Tom heard the firmness of Victoria's voice tone despite the Master still in control obeyed till he was kneeling while naked eyes onto her feet that were bare of shoes. He sighed figuring out what would happen next followed by going into a mating ritual with Victoria's hands all over his front not sparing his sensitive part she mouthing the area making him hard from her touch. Tom sighed softly once she got him guided inside her which he rolled his eyes feeling himself release himself while inside Victoria. He sighed loudly as Victoria got him out of her and got him onto the bed followed by forcing his eyes shut and found himself passing out unconscious.

Tom exhaled a breath from the memory of mating with Victoria while recalling that Yevgeny managed to rope him into serving Alina by mailing him a recording in the mail that required his signature for the package. He focused his attention through the mask he was wearing covering his head entirely in a barrel shaped mask while eyeing a female dressed in black clothes with skulls and crossbones decorated it in leather like materials that kept giving him a feeling of familiarity like he knew her some place but wasn't sure where. He stood with his arms folded hands hidden despite the Berserker side in control feeling himself annoyed with the interrogation of the cops trying to get Manda as she was called to admit some Annoyov behavior she balking on doing the talk by refusing to speak instead kept displaying an all black eyed look while giving him a glare repeatedly. Tom mentally mind scanned Manda's mind to see a familiar cauldron image flash in her mind followed by seeing an image of a female blonde wearing a white dress holding a Z staff stick in her hand flashing lightening and thrusting it forwards which got him out of scanning her mentally. 
He felt himself annoyed of the interrogation broadcasted mentally towards Manda "Just talk and tell the cops off that your innocent."
Tom found Manda getting up in a fast move going towards him while hearing hey comments from the cops. He glared at Manda who appeared to sniff him while having the top of her black haired head reached his chin before she went to sit down resuming her glare on her face. 
Tom mentally spoke towards Manda "Just say something to get the cops out of their ridiculous talk towards you."
He found himself out of Manda's mind by a whip flashing fully in his mind making himself confused and found himself unable to broadcast comments towards her. Tom eyed Manda who kept her mouth into a thin line she appearing to be familiar to him making him confused to that feeling. He kept his eyes onto Manda who refused to talk to find the cops leaving the room in a huff leaving him alone with her. Tom went to sit down in the cop's vacated chair and leaned back with arms folded after willing aside the Berserker to find Manda giving him a glare like she was expecting him to do something. Tom removed the mask and gripped the cloth in his hand while eyeing Manda's black eyes who widen as if shocked but remained narrowed in a glare aimed at him. He kept the glare aimed at Manda recalling Yevgeny's recording fully in his mind. 
Tom kept his mouth into a thin line and kept his thoughts to himself to hear "No wonder she favors you."
He exhaled a breath finding Manda had spoken but sounded of a feminine voice tone and wasn't indicating of the Master in control despite her eyes all black looking. Tom kept his mouth shut in a response as Manda repeated her words sounding firm and familiar to him. He exhaled a breath to recall Yevgeny's recording admitting of his son Anyan had a daughter via another female he wasn't sure who her Mother was but knew that his granddaughter was very lengthy living like he was. 
Tom spoke firmly "Favors me?"
He kept his mouth into a thin line finding Manda form a glare on her face that reminded him of suspicion which he added firmly "I'm not who you think I am by my appearance twin to that person. I actually came off planet by another world. I am cursed with the long living status."
Tom clamped his mouth shut as the image of the blonde woman flashed into his mind with her staff thrusting into his eyesight to find Manda speaking "Your name is Tom isn't it? Hence I know that she does favor you by the name you use."
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak "I went by different names-"
He was interrupted "You always used the name of Tom period. Don't deny that name you favor indicating she favors you."
Tom spoke firmly "Define she who favors me. You have me confused with someone else Miss Manda."
He got from Manda "Miss Manda? Is that what you refer me instead of my actual name of Tomah?"
He stiffened from her using his Mother's name of Tomah to frown while eyeing her as she continued "I see that you have forgotten me like I hoped you wouldn't."
Tom continued to stiffen as Manda he assumed was playing a game with him leaned forwards while jabbing a finger aimed at him "Sooner or later you'll remember your duty as my son and will do what I call for you to do."
He heard a clapping noise blinked his eyes to discover himself standing while wearing the mask facing Manda's side as the cops continued to interrogate her he hearing her speaking using a Master voice ability vulgarity language aimed at the cops in insults. Tom exhaled a breath hearing her insulting Master's voice sounded familiar to him despite she seemingly familiar to him despite the Goth gear on her form with the makeup of a death worshipper on her face. He eyed Manda who kept up her insulting language in response to each of the cops' admit it to the crime comments. Tom felt himself hard unexpectedly while eyeing Manda's chest making him want to mate. He looked away willing himself into check as the cops quit their interrogation and left the room slamming the door leaving him alone with Manda which he resumed looking at her. Tom felt the Berserker in control waved a clawed hand towards Manda's direction to get her sounding of disgust to him.
He gave Manda a glare as she quit the black eyed look showing Destroyer's eyes that made his senses blare warning followed by Manda speaking "Ditch the disguise freak. You don't scare me."
He stiffened when he heard her voice sounded familiar to him that reminded him of someone but he wasn't sure who removed his mask baring his face. 
Tom found Manda's eyes widen as if shocked followed by giving of a vulgar swear word and adding "You suck Shad."
Tom exhaled a breath at the name of Shad to will aside the Berserker to find Manda not looking surprised which he spoke "The name is not Shad. You're confusing me with someone else."
He glared at Manda who did a double take look followed by her speaking "You sure of that Shad business being someone else smarty? I recognized you from those damned periodicals blasting you as a son of this billionaire with the weird name that rhymes with ink."
He spoke firmly despite hearing a faint roaring noise "Shad is elsewhere. I'm here in his place actually despite looking like him. So talk Manda on this serving the High Council behavior dubbed Annoyov your doing to the Humans now."
He glared at Manda who shrugged and spoke "Pathetic that you're serving the Humans instead of the High Council, Shad."
Tom spoke firmly "It's either serve the Humans getting it their laws or just be dead inside not having a purpose in life. I chose to have a purpose something you should be doing than that Annoyov behavior of yours."
He glared at Manda feeling his mood become foul as she gave up hysterical laughter that reminded him of Victoria's laughing sounds making him stiffen followed by her speaking "I bring chaos where I go. The world needs chaos anyway. Shouldn't you Shad be doing something regarding who you're supposedly serving like the High Council?"
He heard the edge in Manda's voice tone spoke firmly "I don't serve the High Council. That part is dead within me and it'll remain dead period. I have a purpose in my life. I aim to see it through."
Tom glared at Manda finding her getting up walking towards him he finding himself having to look down at her Destroyer's eyes looking up at him. 
He glared at Manda who spoke "Your voice when you spoke of serving the High Council being dead isn't fully firm instead had an edge in the voice tone. You're not over serving the High Council like you claim you are aren't you?"
Tom felt his mood become fouler lowered his folded arms to fist his hands while feeling the mask still in his hand to speak firmly "I'm over that whether I admit it or not. I expect that part of my past to remain dead to me. I don't give a damn what you say regarding the High Council. I refused to serve them again unless they give me no choice to do it then I would do it."
He glared at Manda who shrugged and spoke "Your voice still has that edge in it Shad. So talk on what you're not admitting now."
Tom willed the Berserker in response finding Manda refused to back down from him giving her a golden eyed glare and giving off growling noises feeling his mood bad. 
He felt himself angry felt himself wanting to lash out at Manda who spoke "Just admit it Shad that you're hurt with something by the edge of your voice tone you refused to say what it is."
Tom reached out a clawed hand to grip Manda's throat finding she refused to budge from his hand's hold onto the area or seemed scared from him touching her. He felt his mood become worse off snarled a growling noise while snapping his fanged teeth into Manda's face finding she refused to indicate fear to him despite his attempts to scare her. 
Tom got from Manda "You're too proud to admit it that your hurt aren't you?"
He felt his mood plummet further willed aside the Berserker to speak sounding angry while still gripping Manda's throat despite the familiarity of the area "I'm fine just the way I am."
Tom glared at Manda who removed his hand off her throat with a gloved hand and got from her "Your still speaking with that edge in your voice tone. You're really hurt from something aren't you hmm?"
He walked away towards the door to the room in response to hear "Don't tell Daddy that some hussy got you upset this time you too proud to admit that to me."
Tom halted his walk to bow his head as he recalled fully of wanting his Mother and his Father into his life as youngster and wanting their love despite raised by Alesia who treated him he recognized later as a toy for playing with. He tossed aside the mask and felt tears flowing from his eyes as he recalled fully the reason why he always trashed his room in Alesia's palace was seeing a parent's love towards a child he wanted himself and could never get from Alesia or anyone he hoped to get. Tom kneeled in response as he heard silence from Manda to feel his familiar deadness feeling hitting him again as he felt tears spilling from his eyes like a dam bursting. He rubbed a hand onto his scarred cheek feeling himself still crying while shutting his eyes as he silently bared his teeth recalling his attempts to get a parental love from Alesia was always shot down she treating him like a prized object that should be amusing people instead of treated like he wanted to be treated. He felt his angry mood rise within him overtaking his deadness feeling as he rubbed the scar while fisting his hand to sense a presence in the room with him. He stiffened from the feeling of anger hitting him from the presence felt in the room to keep himself angry as his tears stopped their flowing. Tom heard a sound of a door opening and shut sensing someone was in the room with him that seemed familiar to him but didn't take away his angry mood. He felt his rage take control rubbed the scar with his fisted hand as he felt pressure of a hand touching his hand that felt masculine to the feel in a Human like feeling but seemed kind in the gentle grip. Tom didn't say a word removed his hand off his scar finding the hand removed itself to touch his shoulder in a gentle grip which he opened his eyes finding Jinks in the room was the hand's owner with a frown in his face with eyes having a look in them urging him to say something. Tom recognized the look of caring in Jinks' eyes to recall fully that the male's no scared looks in his eyes from people eyeing him with scared looks was from seeing him as more than just an object of fear he got from people. 
Tom exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak "My parents never raised me. I didn't get what I wanted from a parent I saw happen to parents to their children which was love. I wanted love fully including having that from a female."
He made sure he spoke his words in a firm voice tone while eyeing Jinks in the eyes finding the male gently squeezed his shoulder before letting go which he felt himself sad abruptly burst into tears and wailed a nonsense sound while rocking his form. He wailed and wailed seemingly lengthy till he slid to the floor and curled into a ball while putting hands onto his face he feeling a hand touching his shoulder in a gently grip. Tom cut his wailing noises to remove his hands finding Jinks kneeling next to him which he crawled towards the male and gently wrapped arms around Jinks' waist while burying his face onto the male's thighs. He found Jinks' hand stroking his head in a gentle move that seemed parental to him he recalling on doing it to one of his own offsprings who had a crying breakdown in front of him the offspring doing twin behavior towards Jinks. Tom cut his crying to keep a hold around Jinks he hearing nothing from the male but felt his head rubbed he sensed from him was just being there for him in a fatherly way. He felt himself tired unexpectedly shut his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious.

Tom sighed forming a sad expression on his face while appearing to let the alcohol as blared by the can actually herbal tea for him to drink to appear to get drunk from it as he sensed himself filmed. He forced himself to gulp the herbal tea according to the script on the series he was in filming in California involving a Drainer like Human female dubbed Majel. He gulped down the herbal tea and scrunched up the can while tossing it aside and got up from the stool pretending himself to be wasted as said by the script. Tom drunk walked himself around the bar a set while mouthing his words he recalled the series insisted on having someone voice his lines for him while he played a character on the series. He recalled fully the executive a young male recently rich from producing movies the series was based on didn't agree with his hypnotic voice tone for his voicing his lines instead had him use the voice for another character in the series instead. Tom walked around drunk like till Majel played by a stunt woman the main character of the series acting out her lines got a hold of him he resisting to play a choreographed fight with her while pretending to be drunk till a waitress played by another actress brought a shatter bottle onto the top of his head that shattered on impact making him as said by the script collapsed onto the floor and appeared to get knocked out unconscious. He kept himself looking like he passed out as the stunt woman got him up and hauled him out of the bar to a truck used for the filming and then heard the familiar director's cut comment. 
Tom opened his eyes as the stunt woman patted him onto the cheek while holding up her hand in finger gesture and she speaking "Make your hand twin to my hand now."
He sighed from the familiar line the stunt woman was doing towards anyone who appeared to get head injuries including objects banged against their heads to make a twin gesture of her hand to get her shaking her head and speaking as dizziness arrived "Nope. Go sit down now."
Tom didn't comment a word as the stunt woman got him to sit onto the concrete while feeling dizziness hitting him abruptly. He shook his head repeatedly to find the stunt woman getting him up and into an ambulance from the looks of it to feel a pinch of a needle dart into his neck as he felt himself passing out unconscious.

Tom came to hearing a mew sounding frightened and pressure of a kitten sitting on his front. He jerked open his eyes to find the kitten meowing in a frightened tone while seated on top of his chest. Tom in a fast move snatched up the kitten before the nurse could take the gonoid away as he sat up cuddling it to his face feeling the purring vibrations of it going off. 
He sighed to speak in a baby voice tone while eyeing the kitten "You're cute aren't ya?"
Tom heard a throat clearing noise from the nurse to sigh and added "You be good for being a cutie."
He handed the nurse the kitten who didn't protest to the hands' exchanged to find the female walking out of the room followed by the doctor entering the room he assumed was the Highlander dressed in a coat. Tom frowned eyeing the Highlander warily who ran scanners over him including his eyes before tapping onto a computer pad in his hand. 
He spoke breaking the taping "So? Your diagnose doctor?"
He got the Highlander looking at him with a frown followed by the doctor speaking "Your boss that snobby executive dubbing himself Tag wants you back into this ridiculous series. I'm ordering you to avoid doing anything physical involving getting your head hit repeatedly. That's why you suffered from a head injury you appeared to have recovered from, from the way you treated the hospital's kitty assigned for the job."
Tom sighed softly as the Highlander added "You'll find the proper gear in the bathroom so make use of the facilities now. You stink actually."
He didn't comment a response got up and felt himself walking dizzily weave walking only to hear from the doctor loudly "Nope not recovered so go back to bed and rest from the dizziness you're appearing to be suffering."
He groaned and forced himself to obey to get onto the bed hearing the doctor walk away while hearing the light switch turn off as he rolled over onto his side and thrust the blanket up to his shoulder and shut his eyes willing aside the dizziness. Tom felt himself passing out unconscious.

Tom groaned softly to feel his residence cat Missy get onto his front again as he struggled to sleep despite memories filling his mind of Tag the executive underneath his doctor's orders told him "Your services for the series is over with. Your doctor laid down the law on your dizziness. Besides your voice is sounding slurred whenever you talk making you useless for voiceovers. Get out of my sight and out of this town now."
He recalled the dizziness hit him whenever he was lying down in bed including getting up in a fast move via acrobatic moves. He sighed softly to feel Missy sitting on his chest giving off her purring vibrations making him relieved that he had her in his life. Tom heard a coughing sound from Missy followed by her purring vibrations quit along with her warmth followed by coldness. He jerked open his eyes to stare at Missy he feeling was dead sitting on top of him. Tom burst into tears finding her dead to him in response got up and forced himself to wrap Missy into a towel and placed her body into a cat carrier. He forced himself to calm finding the time was still lockdown status by an hour to go before taxis would be seen driving in the city of New York City. Tom placed Missy and cat carrier next to the door before going back to the couch to turn on the TV to a local news' affiliate channel. 
He eyed the TV finding the news bored him as usual till he heard "Alisa Visser is reportedly dead of a brain cancer that she had all her life that made her blind."
He sat up straighter hearing the words to eye the TV as if drawn to find an ambulance arriving to Jinks' building and a covered form of a female carried out with Shaw on top looking sad to him while loaded into the vehicle. 
He continued to hear from the TV showing a reporter "The reclusive billionaire Jinks Montreal must have known that she was dying gave her last wishes. Her last wishes were reportedly wanting to be appreciated by a male despite her blindness. We're currently trying to reach her Mother Alina Visser for comment which a family spokesperson has claimed that she's reclusion from grief of the loss."
Tom exhaled a breath to groan softly as the news went onto another news' broadcast to sigh forcing himself to shut off the TV. He went to Missy still dead in her cat carrier to pick it up at the appointed time and made sure he was dressed for the summer weather predicted to hit that day by the weather reporter. 
He took the cab to the City gonoid Hospital to hand them Missy while speaking "She passed away quite recently. Please see that her remains are cremated with ashes spread over the river for me. Thanks."
Tom didn't say a word as the vet took the cat carrier without a word which he walked out and signaled for a cab finding a minivan stopping which he got inside to find a Highlander driver driving it.
Tom gave the address to his home to hear "Shouldn't you be with your Father in law for his grief?"
He exhaled a breath hearing the Highlander's words to find the male driving him to Jinks' residence to get out finding a crowd gathered outside that became silent seeing him. He found their lights weren't shining onto him in response to always seeing him. Tom without a word walked inside Jinks' residence to take the stairwell route to the male's apartment as ordered by his guards. He obeyed finding the stairs helped worked off his angry mood involving Missy's death and Alisa's passing. Tom reached Jinks' apartment to gain entrance inside via guard and went to find Jinks finding Worthington silently leading him to the gym room he hearing crying noises inside sounding of the male's voice in grief. He didn't say a word went inside the gym room finding Jinks curled into a ball crying away while sensing the recorders were off as he didn't say a word towards the male instead kneeled and kept his hands to himself while being silent. Tom waited seemingly lengthy while staring at the floor hearing Jinks' wailing till Jinks was silent. He kept his mouth shut as Jinks wrapped his arms around his waist and didn't protest as the male buried his face onto his thighs while sensing the familiar filming sensation start up again. Tom forced himself to be strong for Jinks in comfort as the male seemed to get calmer and calmer from holding onto him till he sensed the male had passed out unconscious. He remained kneeling for a long time with Jinks sleeping onto him he silently kept his himself quiet. 

Tom sighed from the memory fully in his mind of Jinks breakdown while at the bar Cheetah's sipping an alcoholic drink from a bottle he managed to open himself despite the hard cap on it. He sipped the drink while eyeing around the room at the strippers amusing males for money he feeling himself dead inside despite struggling not to let himself get too drunk. He recalled himself getting drunk once his dizziness was diagnosed and woke up the next day in a jail cell with a splitting headache and hangover from it. 
Tom recalled that Hollywood stopped calling for him to act or do stunts instead repeatedly said to him in Tag's words "Your nothing but a has been period."
He sighed as he continued to sip the drink sensing from the taste that it was not alcohol but some soda in a twin bottle as offered by the bar to keep males from drunkenly targeting the strippers in some inappropriate behavior involving sex. Tom kept on sipping the drink entirely sensing himself filmed the moment he entered the bar finding the familiar waitress with the glasses was there still baring her breasts and giving him a glare expecting to take his drink order once he sat down at a stool at a small table. Tom heard cheers and whistles to eye the stage to find a big bust female stripping away while doing some sexy moves making him annoyed to see instead of hard. He looked away to stare at the table placing the drink's bottle down in disgust for she reminded him of Victoria. He recalled that Victoria's marriage to Daniel Sawyer aka Mavis Petersen was still going strong and that the public lost interests in trying to break the couple up. He recalled with further disgust fully in his mind that the public was still blaring him as the son of Jinks Montreal and had refused to drop the matter despite his attempts to drop the subject whenever interviewed for periodicals. Tom kept a hand onto his bottle to bring it to his lips only to feel a hand clamp over the bottle's lip which he looked up finding the familiar bouncer there than gave him a glare. He exhaled a breath finding the bouncer in response took the bottle from his hand and jabbed a finger aimed at the bar's entrance and gave him a glare. 
Tom didn't say a word in response left the bar to find hardly any traffic in the road including cabs to figure to himself "Its lockdown now. I might as well walk home. Maybe the walk should do me some good."
He proceeded to walk the lengthy route to his apartment meeting army people on the way that gave him suspicious glares he ignored only to find the building in sight to his relief. Tom felt himself dizzy again shook his head he feeling himself annoyed with hit with the dizziness from time to time weaved walked across the road only to hear a horn honking sound sounding furiously angry and then everything went black after that.

Tom found himself in a forest glowing green all over the place as he found himself in a clearing. 
He walked forwards towards the bushes only to get blocked by Rin and Turbo appearing in sight both speaking in unison "You are valued worthy enough to live for us."
Tom exhaled a breath getting the words from his sons to frown eyeing them to walk away as if compelled to go to another bush opposite from the males to find Yevgeny appearing blocking his way and speaking his offsprings' words. He frowned to find himself going into a direction off his right to find Jinks blocking his way and speaking the familiar line. Tom walked away opposite from Jinks to find a High Council member blocking his way and speaking the familiar line to his confusion seeing that from the group's member. 
He heard his name called "Tom."
He turned around to find Manda as she appeared to him flaring all black eyes and speaking "What are you going to say towards them? Accept or reject their words which will determine your course of your life now."
Tom sighed and spoke firmly "I accept their words."
He eyed Manda who shifted into the blonde female in white dress while holding her Z staff in hand that displayed an all white eyed look making him nervous.
Tom heard blaring "Why do you accept their words when the one you wanted acceptance isn't speaking the words towards you?"
He gasped as images of Victoria mating with him flashed into his mind as he eyed the female again he figured was the speaker he spoke "I had a female before Victoria that passed away. I had to accept that I would outlive any females I pair myself to. I accept that."
Tom got from the blonde shaking her head in a no gesture followed by her blaring in his mind he assumed he was hearing "Your in denial about something aren't you so acknowledge it now."
He stiffened as an image of Tomah his Mother flashed into his mind of her looking dead to the world while contained into a cryogenic tube at the Zesky Hospital. Tom groaned softly as images of his Father's courtship with his Mother flashed into his mind including her pregnancy discovered and his violent birth including her death after he was yanked out. 
Tom spoke realizing what the blond woman was trying to get him to admit "I wanted a parent's love more than anything hence I seeking it from a female as a result."
He heard voices speaking loudly as darkness came to his eyesight he not hearing the voices' words but they sounded freaked out to him. He concentrated onto the voices as if needing to do it while feeling a hand gripping his right hand he gripped in response to hear multiple gasping sounds. Tom came to finding himself suffering a splitting headache while lying on a bed feeling sore all over feeling hands touching his chest while feeling objects onto the area.
He stiffened as he heard "We got him! He's pulling through!"
Tom groaned loudly hearing the voices sounded excited to him followed by feeling hands stroking his right hand in a gentle grip he hearing "Just rest, Tom."
He obeyed to pass out unconscious to come to feeling a purring vibration of a cat sitting on his front with dizziness gone from him but a splitting pain in both legs making him annoyed. Tom jerked open his eyes as the cat licked his face waking him up including licking his eyelids. He woke up to find the cat was an all white cat that appeared to look like Snowy to him from the looks of it to feel a hand grip him on the throat that felt cold to he recognized belonged to King Winter.
Tom heard a loud blasting voice blaring in his mind "Admit it what you want the most that you're not accepting now!"
He spoke as if needing to do it "Love"
Tom eyed King Winter who blasted "You have that parental love from him accept it now. Stop being in denial about this gift from Yevgeny who made sure of it. Once you accept your greatest wish will come true."
He sighed softly as King Winter took the cat after removing his hand off his neck and felt a coldness feeling hitting him that cut away his pain in his legs. He didn't say a word looked around the room to discover Jinks seated in a chair looking like he was asleep to him by the head bowed. 
Tom mentally spoke "Well this shouldn't be too bad I guess."
He found Jinks waking up with a start standing up to grip his hand and looking concerned to him by the behavior. 
Tom spoke firmly while eyeing Jinks "I was trying to walk home when I walked on the road and got hit. Did you see the thing that hit me by the horns heard?"
He eyed Jinks warily to get the male giving him a glare followed by him speaking "Drinking yourself drunk isn't the way to go when you walked onto the road and got mowed down. Some bum lucky you found you on the road and yanked you out of there. The cops aren't saying what hit you or saying if you were hit in the road. They only said that you were stinking drunk."
Tom groaned softly as Jinks continued to glare at him which he gulped and spoke "What can I do other than drinking myself drunk? I'm a damn has been in Hollywood."
"Screw Hollywood!" He got from Jinks who added "Drinking yourself drunk isn't the way to go with your life when things are down! Believe me I already been that path and didn't find it worth my time or solving anything! Cut the damned drinking now my son!"
He sighed hearing the familiar parental voice tone from Jinks he recognized he pulled onto his own offsprings with Thura to groan while feeling his legs still freezing cold. 
He spoke firmly "Why is my legs freezing?"
Tom didn't say a word as Jinks yanked the blanket off his legs to give off a loud Hmph sound followed by hearing "Hmph immortals stick together don't they? Including helping with healing."
He frowned to make a motion to sit up only to get Jinks putting the blanket back onto his legs and pushing him down despite he finding his dizziness gone instead of bothering him as usual whenever sitting up in a fast move. Tom frowned as Jinks gave him an all black eyed glare when he tried to resisted being pushed into a lying position which he obeyed to lie down and didn't say a word in response towards the male's comment. He heard a dog barking sound sounding in a friendly tone including clicking noises that made him confused to find Alina coming into view she appearing to hold Shaw's leash. He saw that she looked like she was struggling not to cry to him. 
Tom frowned as Alina didn't say a word as Jinks he eyed hugged her gently while hearing from the male "Just let it go Alina."
He eyed Alina in response to see her get into a breakdown while still held up by Jinks seemingly holding her up and strong in his hugged status around her. Tom exhaled a breath as Shaw was seen into view putting his front paws onto Alina's side and heard loud whining noises from the dog as she quieted her sobbing. He eyed Alina who accepted Shaw's version of a hug followed by taking the leash and walking out of the room once released by Jinks he forcing himself to keep lying down while eyeing her. 
Tom didn't say a word as Jinks resumed sitting down in the chair and gave him a glare which he caught the male's signed gesture "Sleep."
He obeyed to shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious.

Tom came to hearing the familiar alarm clock blaring its noises while lying in Jinks' residence's spare bedroom he feeling Victoria lying on top of him lurch up into a sitting position. He sighed from the memory of himself hospitalized a victim of a hit and run despite pointed out as drunk. He didn't say a word as Victoria kissed him on the lips he kissing her back in response to hear a loud ugh comment he recognizing it as Mavis's voice to figure the male had slept on the armchair again in the bedroom. Tom didn't say a word as Victoria broke off the kiss and gave him one of his favorite smiles before pulling him out of the bed by a hand onto his hand he forcing himself to walk urged by her. He recalled King Winter's gift involved fusing his broken legs' bones back together but didn't do much for his torn muscles that were fixed up but he needed rehabilitation to build the muscles up again. Tom didn't say a word as Victoria helping him recover got him into the bathroom into the shower stall she ignoring the tub as always and trying to help him build up his legs' muscles by forcing him to walk and stand lengthy. He didn't say a word as Victoria got the shower water on and proceeded to mate with him while in the shower as always as his reward for getting into the stall for walking into there regardless of how tired he was. Tom kept his mouth shut as Victoria after the mating was done would get him to clean his legs via soap onto the area before babying him elsewhere with the soaping and shampooing. He sighed once the showering was done to his relief despite Victoria ordering him to baby her with the soap and shampoo. Tom kept his mouth shut and didn't say a word as Victoria got him out of the shower stall to hand him a towel which he toweled himself off and got into his sweats followed by her giving him a hug. 
He sighed as she was heard speaking her familiar line "I expect you to be on the TV tonight with my Father."
Tom didn't say a word followed Victoria out of the bathroom to find Mavis without a comment towards him doing Builder orders as usual to find them both out of the room in a light show. He groaned softly and forced himself to walk to the dining room despite his tiredness hitting him he recalled that it involved his legs being weak. Tom sat down once he reached the dining room to find a cat getting onto his lap meowing in a familiar annoyed tone. He eyed the cat that was all black with faded white stripes on the side that gave up meows while pawing him. 
Tom heard "I'll get out of that seat if I were you. Samantha as I dubbed her has claimed the seat as hers."
He obeyed hearing nothing from Samantha to go to the other chair finding Jinks joining him the voice's speaker he finding trays holding dishware of food on the table for him and the male. Tom sighed seeing the food wasn't his familiar greenery food instead was something else that smelled odd to him making him wrinkle his nose of disgust. He sighed and forced himself to eat the food that was on the large size to him he finding himself terribly hungry gobbled it all up followed by gulping down the drinks and clamping a hand over his mouth while hearing him give off the belch noise. 
Tom spoke "Excuse me."
He eyed Jinks who had appeared to be in the middle of his eating and drinking giving him a glare and got from the male "Hit the gym room. I expect you practicing the Kata I taught you when I go check onto you."
Tom groaned softly and without a word went to the gym room stopping to rest on the way till once inside proceeded to stretch finding himself still limber as always he making sure he stretched Jinks' style. He got up awkwardly and proceeded to practice the Kata Jinks taught him.
Tom recalled Jinks telling him "The Kata involves a lower belt rank in colors. There's about nine belt ranks in colors before the black belt is achieved. I expect you to be religiously practicing this Kata period. I have experience in teaching others karate and I expect to do this towards you in question."
He sighed and kept himself practicing the Kata to notice himself stared at he noticing Jinks in the doorway watching him with arms folded. He shrugged and ignored the male to continue on practicing the Kata finding his kicking was terrible to his standards making him get angry repeatedly. Tom got himself kicked to kneel by Jinks followed by getting into the male's familiar arm trap again making him forced to mediate willing himself to calm. He forced himself to mediate calming himself down till he managed to get out of Jinks' arm trap to get up in a fast move. 
Tom groaned as Jinks ordered "Keep practicing the Kata now."
He sighed and obeyed willing himself to calm despite thinking "I'm awful with the kicking."
He ignored his thought and mentally added "At least I'm learning karate and doing what I can to keep it up."
Tom continued onto the Kata till a clapping noise was heard he paused to find Worthington in the doorway finding Jinks no where in sight. He exhaled a breath to pant as Worthington gave him a golden eyed glare and jabbed a finger towards the hallway. He walked out of the gym room in response to find himself terribly tired which he forced himself to his bedroom he knew was Jinks' spare bedroom to go to the bed leaning back against the headboard and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Tom groaned feeling a purring vibration onto his front from lying in bed he recognized belonged to Samantha instead of waking up with Victoria lying on top of him after a week of doing that. He sighed to recall Victoria with Mavis in the room snoozing got him into a mating ritual that involved various sexual positions some he found weird but didn't protest despite she making him use a standing position involving the intercourse while in the bedroom. Mavis he sensed had always appeared to keep himself asleep ignoring them doing intercourse in the room and appeared to be listening to their noises he catching the male frowning during a sexual session involving him grunting loudly. Tom sighed as he eyed Samantha that got off of him to arch her back followed by licking his face and giving off soft mews making him sigh again. He got up as Samantha got off him and found the cat disappearing into a cat door in the wall. He sighed and forced himself to get up going into the shower stall finding Victoria already inside naked with a glare on her face making him gulp who turned on the shower water followed by getting him into another intercourse ritual this time involving him kneeling while she straddled him. Tom sighed once she was done with the mating onto him to proceeded to get him standing followed by forcing him to wash his legs despite always feeling scarring from the areas followed by her babying him elsewhere. 
He kept himself silent as Victoria got him cleaned of soap and ordered "So soap me up with the soap and shampoo."
Tom obeyed to soap Victoria up and cleaned her while forcing himself to stand doing it.
He kept his mouth shut recalling "Victoria laid down the law that I was to recover ASAP with or without me protesting to it."
Tom sighed once the showering was done to dry himself while feeling his legs that had scarring all over the area making him annoyed to feel but recalled his scarred cheek to shrug and got into his sweats. He followed Victoria out of the bathroom to find Mavis in the bedroom that transported her and the male out. Tom groaned feeling himself annoyed with the monotony of the karate he was to practice over and over including eating his daily meals of stinky crap food he called it that always stank making him disgusted to smell. 
Tom mentally spoke once out in the hallway "Isn't there something I can do other than this routine?"
He heard nothing in answer to his question groaned to go into another session of eating drinking and doing Kata in karate that varied by Jinks ordering him to do that despite he noticing improvements with his kicking and still able to get up in an acrobatic move from the floor. 

Tom found the answer to his question arriving by Jinks ordering him "Go home. Keep up the practice of the Kata I taught you. Go have a life. Just avoid drinking yourself drunk you hear?"
He obeyed to go to his residence's building despite the presses outside pestering him questions on being a drunkard he ignored to get into his apartment to hear an excited meow followed by pressure of a cat rubbing its body onto his ankle. Tom sighed and looked down with a frown finding a black cat he picked up that purred and examined to find the cat was a male from the looks of him. 
He sighed finding a collar that blared in silver ink "Sable."
Tom didn't say a word as Sable he figured he'll call him purred while held before squirming which he placed the cat down onto the floor and gently rubbed the furball's back in a gentle move. 
He sighed and found his mail on the table piled up to groan loudly thinking to himself "Oh well I got a life to live."
Tom went to the pile on the table and began sorting through them finding nothing but ads for coupons for stores he finding nothing to indicate grocery stores despite using coupons for his nourishments. He sighed again as he went into his bedroom to eye the bed finding his blanket was changed from the looks of it. Tom found Victoria's familiar blanket on top this time while noticing around the room that it remained the same except for his bed. He went to the bed to examine to find his regular blanket was replaced with her blanket. He sighed and felt himself tired figured that he'll use the couch to sleep. Tom went to the exercise room to discover his couch gone from there along with his boxer's bag. He found the room changed into a bedroom from the looks of it complete with a new bed and new bedding he spotted Sable getting on top of it to sit down in a content move to him. 
Tom groaned softly to recall the gym to figure "It's someone's way of getting me out of isolating myself in here."
He sighed and went to the living room's couch to lean back onto it and shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Tom practiced karate onto the boxer's bag while in one of the gyms owned by Yan Sing Senior that was all over New York City. He recalled frequenting one of the gyms in Remembrance Isle till Yan Sing Junior aka Junior as he was referred by the others overheard got a hold of him practicing kicking onto the bag. 
He recalled that Junior clapped his hands and got his attention while speaking "Alright Dad admits that he's paying attention to the news blaring crap about you. Why aren't you exploring the city and only staying a one block radius within your residence despite taking a cab to this gym? Its walking distance from your home if you cut through some residences' buildings."
He sighed to recall firmly speaking "Presses-"
Tom kicked the bag to recall Junior interrupted "Screw the presses! I didn't let them control me wherever I wanted to go around the city after I blew out my bum knee. I didn't give a damn when I went to visit Miss Liberty as she's referred now. Too many people there were clamoring for my autograph when I visited Miss Liberty after I came out of the statue. They were pretty much impressed with that I managed to walk over three hundred steps to the statue's head up the stairs and back down enough to demand autographs for that. I brought free publicity as a result for Miss Liberty. So go explore the city! Hit the gyms all over the city and see about visiting Miss Liberty!"
He recalled fully as he halted his kicking to punch the bag with his fists that he proceeded to do what Junior told him went to visit Miss Liberty a green towering statue that was giant in size for a female humanoid with a crown and holding a torch of fake fire in one hand that always he recalled glowed at night time. Tom recalled what happened next that happened to Junior happened to him once he walked out of the statue to find people clamoring for his picture instead of his autograph he relieved to not sign anything. He recalled the clamoring didn't last long instead at sunset got security shooing the people and him off the island to Miss Liberty to a boat which he took finding himself ignored by people aboard there. He found himself relieved to be home after his trip to Miss Liberty. Tom halted the punching feeling himself needing to catch his breath he recalling the tiredness was from the Meritanians manipulating him to rest. 
He recalled told "Its Walls. The High Council ordered Kiddy and I to give you low doses of tiredness as they call it towards you whenever they think you're pushing yourself too hard in your recovery. I don't want to do that tiredness onto you. The High Council seems to have some weird attitude towards you involving seeing you valuable. I'm not going to explain what this valuable is so figure it out yourself."
Tom forced himself to pant for breath recalling he was put off from asking the High Council on this valuable attitude towards him by Barry and the Meritanians talking him out of asking. 
He quit asking by Barry admitting "I suspect the High Council is seeing you in an offspring like view. They pulled that behavior onto a former servant of theirs they found value on. Don't ask me who that servant is except just accept their attitude towards you in question."
He had obeyed to Barry's talk and made himself visit gyms all over the city belonging to Yan Sing Senior despite different names used. Tom recalled while catching his breath that Junior seemed to be spying onto him as in appearing into the gym soon after he arrived to spy onto him doing his karate onto a boxer's bag. He sighed feeling like he had an enough of the boxer's bag went to the locker room ignoring Junior sensed spying onto him from his spying sense going off. He ignored Junior to go to the locker room to take out his fanny pack bag as called out of the boxy locker and then walked out. 
Tom heard as he neared the gym's entrance "Hold on a minute Mister Thunder."
He sighed and pulled out his wraparound sunglasses while eyeing the speaker a female that gave him familiarity to him despite unsure of where he met her. 
He frowned as the female reached him and held up her hand speaking "I just want to thank you for helping me out with a problem."
Tom recalled who she was fully in mind shook hands with her gently to notice her grip was strong while seeing she looked muscled despite recalling that she was one of Junior's students that visited his residence with the male after a session of self defense lessons.
He didn't say a word as she added "I got the nerve to join the Extreme Brock Baxter sport in question paving the way for women to join it in fights. That sport was usually focused onto men in question with not much fanfare onto women. I publicity joined and wound up getting attention towards women to join. Thanks for helping me get the nerve to join the sport. I don't think I would have if I hadn't seen your residence cat in question."
Tom gave a head bob in response as she added "Be seeing you around Mister Thunder."
He saw her walk away which he walked out of the gym to signal for a cab. Tom found a minivan stopping nearby him which he got aboard after a female got off carrying a duffle bag. 
He gave the address to his residence towards the Highlander driver only to hear "Why aren't you at your Father in Law's talking your brother in law into leading the Humans in question?"
Tom frowned hearing that from the Highlander to speak firmly "What's going on with your question sir?"
He eyed the Highlander who spoke in response while driving to Remembrance Isle "The Humans have gotten a little fed up with not having someone in the leadership position publicity. Their getting quite demanding on having someone in the leadership position publicity. They have balked excuses of this reclusive billionaire said being in the position instead have preferred someone else than him to be in the position. Their not objecting to the rumor of one of his own offsprings in the position which is this Robert I believe he's called has been pointed out as the one holding the titled position at the moment."
Tom frowned hearing that from the Highlander who added "Robert already has the experience to run this position from his teaching job and growing up raised by people teaching him the importance of the titled position. It'll give him something to do out of living isolated among nature in grief of losing his wife. He like everyone has a purpose to live whether they know of it or not."
He frowned but didn't say a word as the driver got the vehicle to Jinks' residence which he got out and ignored the presses gathered outside pestering him with questions he heard on Robert taking the Humans' leadership position. Tom ignored and went to Jinks' residence via stairwell route as indicated by the guards. He found himself no longer winded once he reached Jinks' apartment to sigh once reaching the kitchen. He walked out and found Worthington in the dining room that gestured him to follow. He obeyed to follow the butler to the library he confused to why he was going to there. Tom frowned to find Jinks inside the library seated in an armchair while glaring at a male kneeling in front of him he figured from the hair length was Robert he saw was dressed in sweats. Tom didn't say a word stood in the doorway as Robert he saw his hunch correct looked in his direction with a glare before looking away towards Jinks. 
He heard "Would this blabbermouth be your own pointed son in law you favor in question??
Tom exhaled a breath hearing Robert's question sounding of anger in the voice tone to frown while folding his arms he eyed Jinks in response. 
He kept his mouth shut as Jinks' eyes flared the Master in control followed by the male speaking "Robert stop denying what you're denying. I can hear the denial in your voice tone indicating it so quit the denial now."
Tom frowned while eyeing Jinks to hear from Robert "Denial? What denial are you talking about Father?"
He heard the edge in Robert's voice tone spoke firmly "Your voice, dear has an edge in it like your refusing to admit something."
Tom got Robert spinning around in a fast move into a standing position holding a hand towards him as he felt a choking sensation he seeing the male's eyes were all black. He mentally spoke the shield command finding it refused to work while choking to see Robert put a hand on his own neck and then saw the male wave a hand towards him. He felt the choking stop to find Robert turning around hand still on his neck he finding Jinks had a hand up towards him that waved the hand and resumed folding his arms. 
Tom kept his mouth shut while eyeing Jinks in response who spoke "Choking him isn't going to solve anything Robert. You know this fact yourself."
He frowned forming it on his face while eyeing Jinks to hear a roar from Robert followed by the male's Father leaning forwards in the chair speaking "Roaring isn't going to solve anything and you know it."
Tom frowned as Robert quit his noises to pace back and forth till he felt fed up grabbed the male from behind and forced him into a kneeling position before doing Jinks' familiar arm trap onto the male while grabbing his hair. He recalled Jinks' insisting on having himself be calm before getting out of the familiar arm trap as he waited for Robert to calm down despite giving resistance in karate moves he balked freeing the male. Tom kept his hold onto Robert seemingly lengthy to hear snickering from Jinks he glared at who had willed aside the Master and had laughter on his face. He concentrated onto holding Robert who quit the resistance to kneel he keeping his holds onto the male sensing him calming down till he sensed him calm allowed him to be freed from the trapped status using karate. 
Tom didn't say a word in response to get Robert pointing a finger at the doors and speaking "Out!"
He heard the calmness of Robert's voice sounding firm while noticing the male was displaying Human blue eyes instead of the Master in control obeyed to walk out shutting the doors only to feel a cat's paw batting his shoelaces while hearing meows in a play me tone. Tom obeyed to play with Samantha on the floor who scratched his arms and hands he ignored the pain as he rubbed her tummy repeatedly till the cat gave up an excited meow and darted away through a cat's door through the wall. 
He figured "The door must go to the library room."
Tom sighed and got up finding Worthington next to him that spoke "Hit the dining room now for taking in nourishment."
Tom obeyed to sit in his designated chair and took in the stinky food he annoyed to take in including gulping down the drinks which he gave up an excuse me comment once done after giving off his familiar noise. 
He sighed and got up going out of the dining room to find Worthington blocking his way that spoke "Take the stairs to outside and go home. Nothing you can do here."
He obeyed to find a cab parked at the curb which he got inside finding the driver was a Highlander that without a comment drove him to his residence's building. He got out ignoring the presses gathered outside questions aimed at him on Robert Montreal taking the Humans' leadership position. Tom went to the elevator to find a sign on the elevator's walls indicating the elevator was being recorded for anything inappropriate which people were being fined a hundred dollar amount if caught doing anything not proper in the elevator. Tom took the elevator to his apartment's floor which he found an envelope taped to his door in printed handwriting having his name on it. He took the envelope and went inside the apartment shutting the door locking it to hear an excited meow followed by feeling a cat's head rubbing his shoed foot. Tom sighed recognizing Sable's familiar friendly behavior as he yanked open the envelope's contents to read then crumbled the letter throwing it onto the floor finding Sable pouncing onto the paper and playing with it. He felt his mood bad again from the letter's contents involving management saying that the natives of the building wanted him out of his residence and had threatened legal action if he wasn't out by the end of the month that was in two weeks. Tom felt his mood plummet as he forced himself to kneel only to hear his phone ringing to hear the answering machine pick up the call with a loud beep.
Tom heard loudly "This is Ned Garry. Tom I know your home. So pick up the phone now!"
He got up and went to the phone picking it up to speak firmly "What do you want now?"
He heard from Neddy on the phone "That tone isn't appropriate Tom you know of that."
Tom spoke making sure he was sounding serious "Alright I get it your point. So tell me what's with you calling me after awhile of not doing it?"
He frowned as he heard from Neddy an address that sounded familiar to him followed by hearing "Just pack your clothes and necessary personal stuff including your residence cat and get to this address I gave you ASAP. I'm aware of the natives in your building wanting you kicked out. They haven't protested to having someone else take residence into your apartment as in renting it from you. It was management who talked them into having you rent your apartment to someone else I hear is in Verona Vander's Incorporation involving modeling work. So get moving."
He heard the dial tone in his ear groaned softly and without a word went to pack his duffle bag of his clothes and personal items followed by putting Sable not resisting into a cat carrier he found the cat's litter box and bowls gone from the apartment. Tom didn't comment a response took the duffle bag and Sable to management's office on the first floor to drop off his keys finding the security officer taking the keys from him without a comment and gesturing him out. He obeyed to take a cab to the address Neddy gave him finding the driver stopping at a familiar building he discovered he used to live in before moving into Victoria's apartment. Tom found the desired apartment was his familiar two room apartment complete with his own bedding on the bed including cat stuff for Sable to live in. He put away his duffle bag into his closet and with a groan went to sit down onto the futon in the living room to eye the kitchen unit. Tom got up and went to the refrigerator to peer finding it stocked with food and drink for him to take in. He found food for Sable to take in, in the cupboards to feel a cat's body rubbing his foot while giving off familiar meows sounding of feed me tones. Tom sighed and got Sable some food into bowls before going to sit down onto the futon he finding the TV still there but this time was a flat screened monitor which he picked up the remote and turned it on. Tom found the channel focused onto a local news' affiliate broadcast he forced himself to watch out of not willing to go out for a walk. He heard the phone ringing during a broadcast of them talking about Jinks having a male offspring groomed for the King's titled position that was reportedly going to be sworn in soon. He sighed and turned off the TV to go to the phone on the wall to find the caller ID indicated a blocked call. 
Tom picked up the phone and spoke "Something I can do for you?"
He heard on the phone an address along with hearing "You're wanted there ASAP."
Tom frowned finding the voice sounded electronic while hearing the dial tone in his ear he recalling the address led to the police precinct Alisa Visser worked. Tom didn't say a word in response hung up the phone and went into his bedroom to change into a suit with his wraparound sunglasses still covering his eyes. He pocketed the keys to the apartment found in the lock of the door and left the residence locking the door. Tom walked down the stairs to the lobby to outside signaling for a cab only to find a van appearing to look police like stopping besides him followed by a Builder in a suit ordering him inside. Tom obeyed to sit inside buckling up his seatbelt with arms folded he ignored the Builder and three men in the van staring at him he noticing some had awe looks on their faces. He kept his mouth shut into a thin line as the van got to the precinct's garage and got ordered out to meet Alina Visser holding a computer pad in her hand that thrust him while noticing she had on a police badge. He sighed and took the computer pad to find her gesturing him to read it. Tom obeyed to discover the computer pad was set on Robert and his life from being conceived in an embarrassing place not mentioned, till recently declared the Humans' leader.
He read the file entirely before handing computer pad towards Alina while speaking "Is there a particular reason why I'm reading this?"
Tom got Alina taking the computer pad from him and tapping it giving off beeping sounds in response before thrusting it back towards him while again gesturing him to read. 
He obeyed to discover a tabloid saying its title "Playboy bored with life."
Tom frowned finding the article detailed him to a T being bored with his life and not having much to do including drinking himself drunk in bars repeatedly. 
He continued to read "Playboy's Father, Yevgeny Visser, got fed up with his drinking after his son was a victim of a hit and run accident. The Father via Jinks Montreal, ordered Playboy to do something rumored involving body guarding a well profiled person selected for him to bodyguard very well that is pointed out to be Jinks' own son in the King's titled position."
Tom exhaled a breath finding the article ended to hand the computer pad towards Alina to find her clearing her throat. 
He spoke "Yes I read the article entirely. I already met Robert, the one picked for the King's titled position. No I haven't heard if he'll publicity accept the position or not. Its just rumors going around on him from what I heard."
Tom folded his arms to glare at Alina despite the sunglasses covering his eyes to find her speaking "And your views towards body guarding him in question?"
He sighed hearing the firmness of her voice tone spoke "I'm fine with that at the moment. I need a purpose to do other than going around the city like some tourist while appearing to be some drunkard. Hmph."
Tom clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Alina who spoke "You do remember your training involving body guarding work from that militia school in question?"
He spoke firmly "Yes I remember everything involving that school. Your family member had me tossed onto a warship to bodyguard the Captain in a body guarding job. I already did body guarding jobs to someone else before I was tossed into that militia school in question."
He frowned while eyeing Alina who spoke "Remove your sunglasses now."
Tom sighed hearing the firmness of her voice tone obeyed to frown while eyeing her back to get her giving him a glare and clearing her throat he sensing Sinister in control abruptly willed it aside. He felt himself annoyed to realize that Sinister wound up in control whenever he was in an angry mood and remained in control till he willed it aside. Tom didn't say a word towards Alina to find a cop arriving holding a suitcase and got thrust it which he gripped after putting on his sunglasses. 
He kept his mouth shut as Alina added "See him to the airport now."
Tom sighed and didn't say a word as he got into the van as ordered by a cop to get driven to the local airport finding the vehicle leading to Jinks' familiar plane he getting aboard to find Robert inside seated in a seat looking annoyed to him. Tom didn't say a word towards Robert instead sat down and buckled his seatbelt while thrusting the suitcase next to him on the seat. He heard a growl from Robert to find the male had the Master in control and sensed he was angry about something. Tom kept his mouth shut in response while hearing Robert giving off loud growling noises during the plane taking off into the air. He groaned feeling himself sick again as always while on the plane grabbed the barf bag holding it in front of him and threw up the contents of his stomach into it during turbulence. Tom kept his throwing up seemingly lengthy during the plane ride to Washington D.C. he ignoring Robert giving off growling noises he hearing the male was still using the Master in control. Tom felt relieved once the plane landed to get thrust a tray holding food by the staff member making him sigh finding Robert got handed a tray which he took in the nourishment forcing himself to take his time. Tom heard nothing from Robert from the tray handed as he ate the food and drank the drinks. 
He sighed once done to pick up his suitcase only to find a male wearing Master Organization army uniform ordering him "I'll take that sir."
He didn't protest in response handed the male the suitcase and followed Robert out of the plane hearing the male giving off a loud Hmph he seeing presses gathered outside blaring their lights while flashing their cameras. Tom didn't say a word as he followed Robert out of the plane down the steps to the waiting limo while sensing himself filmed. He ignored the presses lights flashing onto the both of them as they got into the limo that drove to a place he recognized as the swearing in ceremony for Robert as King. Tom heard silence from Robert and males escorting them in the vehicle to sense the males were staring at the both of them he noticed awe in their eyes and faces. He kept his mouth shut as the limo arrived to the swearing in ceremony's car parking lot to notice a large crowd gathered around the pool held back by barricades near a pulpit holding various microphones while seeing a male with a suit holding a piece of paper and another male looking like the Master Organization's priest holding a book in hands. Tom heard nothing from Robert in response as he followed the male out to walk behind escorted by security men to the pulpit. He stood eyes onto Robert putting his hand onto the book held by the priest appearing to be some religious book and got sworn in as King leader of the Humans by the male repeating the words spoken by the suit holding a piece of paper in hand. Tom kept his mouth into a thin line while eyeing the crowd in response sensing himself filmed as he waited for Robert to give out a speech as traditionally done for sworn in leaders of the Humans to do. 
He heard from Robert "I'm not going to bore you with a speech. Just to tell you I aim to take this job and do the best I can to lead you as your leader and King. Thank you very much for picking me for the position. I'll make sure you won't regret it."
Tom heard the firmness of Robert's voice tone to keep his eyes onto the crowd hearing them giving off an applause followed by hearing a female voice singing lines he recognized as the US's national anthem followed by the national anthem of a nation dubbed Canada he figured was related to part of the Canadian nation being transferred with the U.S.A. during King Winter's travels to Shadan. Tom heard applause from the crowd to focus onto Robert standing next to him that waved he followed the male back to the limo followed by the vehicle driven to the White House residence. Tom got out of the limo following Robert inside the White House to find the male met by a butler giving off an ahem sound. He ignored the butler to focus onto Robert giving off orders for the staff in the White House to do towards the male living there. 
Tom kept his mouth into a thin line to notice the butler gesture a hand towards him while speaking "Your bodyguard, I presume Sir?"
He kept his sunglasses on to give a head bob towards the butler to hear from Robert "Father assigned him to personally assist in the body guarding job in body guarding me. Just keep the both of us from drinking anything alcoholic. I'm a recovering alcoholic. I don't care to drink again. I know that he is the same regardless of him admitting to that or not."
Tom frowned while eyeing the butler who spoke in response "Anything else Sir?"
He eyed Robert who looked in his direction before speaking "Just show me to my room. I need to get some rest before officially taking the duties. While you're at it show my bodyguard to where he's to stay among the bodyguards in this residence. Father made it clear that there'll be no special treatment towards him in this body guarding job in question."
Tom kept his mouth into a thin line as he wordlessly followed Robert with the butler leading to further into the White House finding the servant taking a different route from last time he was in the residence. He noticed the residence seemed to have undergone a makeover to him including led to an elevator taking it up to another floor he assumed led to the King's residence. 
Tom found the butler speaking once they arrived to the floor via elevator showing a living room with doorways with guards standing around that saluted in attention "This elevator leads to your private residence taking up the entire floor for it. It's your choice on what bedroom you wish to take. Excuse me while I show where your bodyguard as he's referred is to go live in residence in this house on this floor for close staff and servants to live in when serving you Sir."
He followed the butler out of the elevator finding Robert walking out ignoring him. Tom followed the butler to a wall at the end of the living room to find the male pressing the wall that swung open showing a hallway inside. Tom didn't say a word as he followed the butler inside the hallway finding the wall swung shut behind them. He eyed the butler who showed him the facilities for showering, expelling waste and his assigned bedroom finding it was nearest to the wall with a mattress on the floor having bedding on it. He sighed finding his suitcase seated in the room to find the butler walking away which he peered out to find the male going out of the hallway via wall ignoring him. Tom went to put aside his stuff into dresser drawers and then found a package sitting on the chair in the room. He picked up the package to rip open finding it contained three of Victoria's latest Veronica Thomas books all three appearing to be romance novels by the couple in a clinch on the cover. Tom sighed finding the books were autographed to him by Victoria using the Veronica Thomas persona. He placed the books onto the dresser's top and heard a door knocking sound via his open door. Tom looked to find an army male carrying a briefcase that walked into the room shutting the door without a word. 
Tom frowned as the male placed the suitcase onto the bed and yanked out equipment he got told "Its security measures for the staff to wear whenever on duty around here."
He eyed the equipment to recognize them as some kind of listening radio device to get instructed on how to wear it hidden onto his form via his suit including styling his hair to hide the device sticking out of his ear. 
Tom spoke once the device was hidden on his form listening part stuck to his ear "Anything else I should know regarding being here?"
He heard sounding in his ear via listening device "This is Commander to Mindbender. Talk that you got this communication. We're testing it."
Tom sighed and spoke firmly "I got the message Sir."
Tom heard from the male voice sounding in his ear "Your call sign is Mindbender and don't forget it now. Don't forget what's said in this device all hears period."
He didn't comment a response eyed the army male to hold up a computer pad and tapped onto it he handed to read "There's no on and off switch onto this listening device. It's always on. Your personal hygiene bit involves whenever you're off duty and not wearing that thing. Commander doesn't want to hear noises of that hygiene use onto the listening device period. Don't ask me who's the Commander speaking towards you. His position is secret at the moment for security reasons. The High Council or any reference towards that group is forbidden to be mentioned on this listening device period. Don't ask me on this forbidden status. It's been forbidden for awhile, any questions?"
He shook his head in a no gesture to hear chatter talk sounding in his ear he listened hearing it was of various male voices reporting to the Commander on what a person dubbed One was doing while in residence he hearing was appearing to be exploring the residence all over. 
Tom frowned hearing the chatter to find the army male tapping onto the computer pad and held it towards him he reading "The one is speak for Human leadership titled position of King or whoever is holding it at the moment. The Commander has forbidden motion sensors to be put into the King's residence to track the King moving around. Reason is the King has a resident cat that is always living here all over the place and triggering motion sensors. Hence they taken out with security put into place to verbalize on what the King was doing in residence by the Commander ordering them to do it. The Commander won't spare you from doing that orders in question."
Tom gave a head bob to hear via voice sounding in his listening device "Mindbender are you in your quarters' location?"
He spoke firmly "Yes where do you like me to go?"
He listened as he heard "Mindbender stand down from duty. Others stand down and wait for further orders at the appointed time of six thirty in the evening."
He frowned but didn't say a word towards the Commander to find the army male leaving his bedroom carrying the briefcase in hand after putting the computer pad inside. He eyed the alarm clock finding it battery operated and found the time was an early afternoon hour. Tom didn't say a word removed his suit and listening device to put them all into a drawer and put on his sweats along with yanking off his sunglasses. He got down onto the floor doing his stretching Jinks' style before swinging himself up with an acrobatic move. Tom heard a clapping noise looked towards the door finding a male dressed with only a towel clapping his hands and having hair wet. 
He frowned as the male spoke "The King's swearing ceremony involves the King giving off a lengthy speech followed by a rest at the White House. This is followed by a black tie affair in the dining room for leaders of the states and Canadian province of Ontario to gather and meet the new King. It's happening tonight at seven o'clock. Shouldn't you be resting and getting some nourishment including attending to your personal hygiene?"
Tom sighed softly to give a head bob in response to find the male added "The personal staff will give you and whoever assigned to bodyguard the King tonight the proper clothing to wear for the black tie affair. Only Commander knows who's going to be there and will give out orders at thirty minutes before the event is going to happen for whoever to show up. So rest up now."
He sighed again finding the male leaving the room leaving his door ajar which he went to sit down into the armchair discovering it was a padded rocking chair to his shock. He sighed and shut his eyes feeling like needing the rest passing out unconscious.

Tom resisted the urge to yawn feeling himself bored with the body guarding job. He recalled Commander ordered him to bodyguard involving only body guarding Robert in public rooms of the White House and no where else while the male was meeting the Governors of their states for meetings each month as a daily meeting as said to him via a guard. He felt himself bored while contained in his room wearing his sweats and sitting in the padded rocking chair he reading one of Victoria's Veronica Thomas books for the millionth time he ordered by Commander not to leave the White House while Robert was out body guarded by someone else in another location that wasn't said to him of what it was. Tom groaned to feel himself itching to do karate got up from the rocking chair and proceeded to do Talon's Kata he recalling it fully in mind to sense himself stared at. Tom quit the kicking to look at the doorway finding it open to find a female looking nervous while wearing a maid's uniform on her form holding a tray in her hand. He smelled food to sigh and without a word went up towards her she appearing to be further nervous. 
He took the tray speaking "Thanks. I'm hungry."
Tom got her grimacing in response to his hypnotic voice tone ignored her to go sit onto the bed to eat the sandwiches while noticing that she had remained standing in the doorway watching him with various fear emotions on her face. He quit his staring at her to eat his food gobbling it up along with gulping down the drinks before getting up to hand her the tray. He found the female darting away in a fast move while carrying the tray he shut the door behind her in response in a gentle slam move. Tom resumed doing his karate recalling the Kata that Jinks taught him kept it up till a door knocking sound was heard. He quit a punch to face the door with arms folded to find three army men there with glares of Builder eyes glaring at him with accusation in their eyes making his senses blare warning abruptly. Tom didn't say a word eyed the army men to find them going into the room handcuffing him and hauling him out of the hallway via a hidden stairwell he feeling himself confused to what was going on till they got him out of the White House. Tom felt himself annoyed to be led to a helicopter and thrust inside while having an eye wear mask placed over his eyes. He felt the movement of the helicopter lift up and flying seemingly lengthy all over the place despite feeling sick enough to throw up which he proceeded to do hearing nothing from the army men inside but Ugh comments each time he threw up. Tom frowned as the helicopter landed with a thump while smelling salt air after the door was opened. He got thrust out and left standing while smelling the ocean air he felt the helicopter behind him take off flying in the air and left him standing sock foot onto the deck. 
Tom mentally spoke "Restraints off."
He felt electrical jolts hitting him abruptly that seemed familiar along with his Berserker side trying to gain control despite giving him pain. Tom jerked from the pain as he felt himself floating in a cylinder tube to his confusion opened his eyes looking around through the murky green water while feeling himself suffering pain all over. He looked around as the tube went horizontal followed by thrusting him out as he landed onto the floor to find his head grabbed once he was kneeling still restrained by Breaker in sight. Tom frowned eyeing Breaker who held his head up baring his neck as Jason came into view with a sneer on his face. 
He kept the frown while eyeing Jason who sneered "Well, well what do we have here a piece of garbage that should be tossed into the can instead of littering my floor."
Tom kept his mouth shut in response as Jason continued sneering "Breaker, dump this piece of garbage into a Megadon trap now."
He felt himself transported into the air to land into water only to break the surface finding a Megadon was beginning to close its mouth around him. He found himself transported to land onto metal with a grunt sound to find himself in the High Council's presence. Tom felt various emotions take hold while eyeing the High Council restrained by the Falcons into a standing position despite his hands still handcuffed behind him. 
He eyed the High Council to feel his mind scanned to hear "Talk on who's the one who poisoned you into this illness your feeling now."
Tom stiffened hearing the voice sounded of a Builder instead of a Speaker despite Shad speaking to speak the description of the maid giving him nourishment on a tray and she appearing to look nervous to him. 
He clamped his mouth shut as the Builder's voice was heard "Sleep now."
Tom felt darkness arriving to his eyesight he recognizing the voice as Barry's despite Shad speaking felt himself passing out unconscious.

Tom came to hearing a crying noise that sounded of a cat to him but seemed like a child's voice to him making him confused to the noises as he felt himself lying on a bed while having devices on his form including one felt wrapped around his sensitive part. He felt the Berserker refused to take control despite itching to do it as he felt a familiar feeling hitting him realized what the device wrapped around his sensitive part was. Tom forced himself to release the toxins of poison he figured was it through his system into the device. He arched his back repeatedly while forcing himself to expel till he felt he did enough expelling groaned softly to feel a bandage covering his eyes. Tom felt cloth holding his wrists to groan softly while recalling that cloth wouldn't free him if he gave up the mental restraint off command. He sighed and felt a hand rubbing his forehead he felt was masculine from the feel. Tom didn't say a word in response as the hand's rubbing was soothing followed by hearing a familiar Builder's voice sounding of Barry to him followed by nothingness surrounding him as he felt himself passing out unconscious.

Tom came to hearing the familiar alarm clock blaring its noises along with a rumbling vibration on top of his chest he recognized belonged to a cat. He groaned loudly feeling the eyewear mask off his eyes to jerk open his eyes finding Barry besides him in the room he recognized belonged to the Zesky Hospital's patient room. Tom groaned finding the familiar devices were off his form except a feeling of hunger hitting him.
He spoke towards Barry who eyed him with concern in his eyes "I'm hungry. I want to eat-"
Tom frowned finding Barry cutting him off by hand over his mouth followed by the Builder speaking "Your suffering from withdrawal to an addicting drug that is giving you feelings of hunger when its not. If it was hunger your stomach would be giving off noises which it's not doing it."
He frowned feeling himself still restrained by cloth while eyeing Barry as the hungry feelings began more blaring within him taking control. He groaned softly and forced his eyes shut forcing himself to mediate despite grimacing visibly from the hungry like feelings hitting him that was beginning to bother him. Tom forced himself to ignore the feelings over and over while forcing himself to mediate as he felt Barry's hand remained onto his forehead seemingly lengthy rubbing over and over. He heard himself crying out comments of hunger after Barry removed his hand from covering his mouth. Tom ignored the noises he was making by keeping his eyes shut and forcing himself to ignore the feelings of hunger hitting him over and over while arching his back and forcing himself to release toxins from a tube wrapped around his sensitive part. He kept it up lengthy till he felt tired passed out unconscious to come to feeling his familiar hungry feeling hitting him again while again giving off toxins. Tom found this cycle repeated over and over as he laid in bed wearing cloth restraints he finding various hands rubbing his forehead but was always masculine in feeling including keeping his eyes shut by eyewear mask over them. He woke up for another uncounted time to feel himself leaning back into a sitting position while hearing grumbling noises that sounded familiar to him followed by feeling a bottle's lip pressed onto his lips which he forced himself to sip he finding the bottle's holder forcing him to take his time drinking the nourishment. Tom kept on sipping the drink that seemed familiar and tasted good to him till it was entirely consumed is when he leaned back his head and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Tom came to hearing the familiar alarm clock ringing its blaring noises while lying in bed in Jinks' spare bedroom from memory of his hospitalization at the Zesky Hospital fully in mind including his withdrawal from a drugged status that Barry calmly told him "The drugged status gave you the ability to consume food other than a liquid diet."
He sighed feeling Victoria's lips touching his lips from her lying on top of him which he kissed her back recalling Barry told him "The High Council admits responsibility for this drugged status this time. Don't be angry at them for that, Tom."
He kept on kissing Victoria wrapping his hands onto her back feeling her hands stroking his cheeks including feeling his scarred cheek he ignored her touch. 
Tom kissed Victoria to recall Barry telling him "The High Council admitted to me certain things on my questioning them certain worded questions I was to ask on getting the group to admit something wrong when the time is appropriate for it by their Speakers indicating it. I got the High Council to admit the drugged status done onto you. They admitted that the drug is the twin kind of drug they used onto Jinks to make his eyesight affected enough to wear glasses. They said that they were curious to know what the drug don't ask me what it is would do towards you. It gave you the ability to consume food in a normal way. Unfortunately your accident with a hit and run driver affected your body to start rejecting the drug in question hence you hospitalized with drug withdrawal once it was obvious the drug was going to effect you in a bad way."
Tom sighed once Victoria broke off the kiss to open his eyes while eyeing her in the eyes she giving him one of his favorite smiles and didn't protest as she got him up from the bed and led to the shower stall after clothes were removed once in the bathroom. He sighed to feel his familiar deadness feeling going away once he got into the shower with Victoria she babying him all over he doing the babying onto her in response. 
Tom didn't protest as Victoria got them both out of the shower followed by hearing her speaking "Do whatever you want Tom."
He recognized the code words for Victoria submitting to a mating ritual got her lying onto the floor and proceeded to kiss and mouth her all over the place not sparing both of her privates followed by entering inside her. Tom rolled his eyes feeling himself more alive while thrusting inside Victoria who's legs wrapped around him in behind in a tight squeeze move. He sighed once he spilled himself inside Victoria to adjust their positions till she was on top of him with his back onto the floor he sighing loudly feeling her hands rubbing his nipples. Tom eyed the ceiling while keeping his hands to himself feeling Victoria had her way with him by touching him all over the place on his front and not sparing mouthing his sensitive part. He sighed once he felt himself inside her again and rolled his eyes feeling her doing the movements over him once again spilled inside her. Tom sighed softly as she got him out of her followed by pulling him up he not resisting to hand him a towel. He sighed and dried himself before putting on his familiar sweats finding Victoria putting on her familiar sweats on her form and walking out of the bathroom he following her to find Mavis seated on the armchair not looking annoyed to him. Tom didn't say a word towards Mavis who gave a head bob in response to get up speaking Builder chatter to find Victoria and the male disappearing in a light show. He sighed recalling one night of woken up by Mavis, Victoria passed out asleep on top of him the male seated on the bed giving him a glare.
Tom recalled Mavis spoke "I managed to get Victoria to get it male points of views of dominance towards females when it comes to sex. We males are always bred for this dominance period something I'm seeing from you treating Victoria." 
He sighed to recall Mavis added "She's required to speak certain code words I told her to say towards you to indicate that you can dominate her in sex whenever she's comfortable. Once you done your dominance involving sex you're required to let her have her way with you. That's from what I know of her being comfortable with you and your dominance involving sex."
He rubbed a hand through his hair recalling Mavis didn't say another word instead went back to the armchair and appeared to have fallen asleep which he recalled hugging Victoria that remained passed out asleep. Tom sighed and left the bedroom going to the dining room to find Samantha getting onto his lap once he sat down in a chair he figured wasn't her chair. He frowned finding Samantha pawing him on the front while meowing in some annoyed tone. 
Tom heard "Samantha has changed chairs again so get out of that."
He obeyed to Jinks' comment to get into the other chair opposite from it to find Jinks sitting down at the head and thrust him a familiar herbal tea bottle. Tom took it and sipped the bottle's contents entirely feeling himself no longer giving off that rude noise and not inclined to give off that noise to his relief. He sat back with a frown to hear a throat clearing noise from Jinks. 
Tom eyed Jinks to find the male speaking "Hit the gym room and practice your Kata as taught by Talon as he wished to be called from now on."
He sighed and got up without a word to go to the gym room and proceeded to do the Kata till a loud meow interrupted him followed by finding Jinks in the doorway with Samantha rubbing her head onto the male's shoed foot. He frowned eyeing Jinks who gave him a glare and got a throat clearing noise from the male. Tom resumed his Kata glimpsing Jinks having Samantha on his shoulder rubbing her face onto the male's ear. He sighed till an excited meow sounded loudly distracting him to feel paws pawing his socked foot which he quit his karate to look down. Tom wound up seeing Samantha pawing his feet meowing in pleading tones. He groaned recognizing the meows were play with me begging to kneel and played wrestling her while rubbing her tummy she both clawing and scratching his arms and hands. Tom found Samantha ending it by giving off an annoyed meow and quit to scratch her ear in a fast move before bathing it with a paw over it. He looked to find Jinks in the doorway with arms folded that didn't comment a response to his playing with the cat. He sighed and didn't say a word in response as Jinks appeared to be eyeing Samantha till he found the cat got onto Jinks' shoulder while giving off loud content meows and rubbing the male's ear. Tom walked out of the gym room as if feeling like needing to take a nap went to the TV room he recalling Worthington catching him sleeping in the bedroom napping and woke him up with the alarm clock. 
Tom recalled Worthington with disapproval in his voice tone spoke "You should be napping in the TV room instead of in the bedroom. The Master wants naps to be done in the TV room period and no where else. He prefers the bedrooms to be reserved for sleeping when it calls for it."
He sighed from the memory went to the TV room to sit onto the couch leaning back and shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder in an insisting move. 
Tom opened his eyes to discover Jinks with the Master in control was the hand's owner who thrust him a pair of shoes and got from the male "Put the shoe wear on. Your stay in here is over."
He obeyed to put on the sneakers feeling himself annoyed with Jinks finding the male leading him to the elevator and heard the male's command for Table room he feeling himself confused to hearing. Tom didn't say a word in response as he followed Jinks to a Table room to find the familiar Highlander lawyer there that wasn't typing onto the laptop instead was sitting back with arms folded a glare on his face. Tom went to stand next to Jinks seated at the table next to the Highlander the male in his familiar position legs crossed on top of the table with arms folded. He heard silence from the Highlander only to hear typing resume when there was a door knocking sound heard. He eyed the door to find it admitted Robert wearing a suit escorted by two males wearing suits with mirrored sunglasses on followed by the male sitting down opposite from Jinks. 
He kept his mouth shut as the Highlander was heard "The evidence of poisoning regarding one Tom Thunder is pointed out to be hearsay as in spoken word and no concrete proof to back this up."
Tom exhaled a breath hearing that as he eyed Robert who spoke while eyeing Jinks "Anything else I should know of?"
He frowned forming it on his lips while eyeing Jinks who spoke "At least he's fine from standing here with us."
Tom shifted to eye Robert who gave a head bob in response before getting up and leaving the room followed by his guards he figured were bodyguards. 
Tom eyed Jinks who got up snarling "Hearsay McBroom? I refused to have my son hurt even by anything even if it's just a scraped knee."
He frowned to find the lawyer spoke calmly "Hurt by anything? You referring to the lack of fuss you made when your son broke his arm as a youngster? I recalled you didn't make a big deal of it just made sure that your son kept up the karate in question despite having an arm in a sling."
Tom frowned eyeing Jinks in response to find the male holding up a hand towards the lawyer hearing the Highlander giving off choking noises he willed forwards the Berserker.
Tom broadcasted within Jinks' mind "Remember the incident involving Robert breaking his arm."
He found Jinks quit choking the lawyer to put a hand onto his forehead and bowing his head while hearing faint growling noises from the male. Tom willed aside the Berserker when he caught the lawyer giving him a glare of disapproval on his face. He shifted to eye Jinks in response to gently place a hand onto the male's shoulder keeping his mouth shut. Tom kept his mouth shut as Jinks quit his growling noises and looked at him with all black eyes while giving him a glare. He formed a pleading expression on his face while eyeing Jinks back in the eyes to find the male willing aside the Master and resuming the hand over his forehead look. He heard silence from Jinks in response kept his mouth shut while gently keeping a hand onto Jinks' shoulder. Tom waited lengthy for Jinks to calm down till the male removed his hand and walked towards the door he followed to follow to the elevator going inside and heard the male give off the command for the lobby. Tom frowned to stare at the floor as the elevator went down followed by walking out following Jinks to outside to find presses gathered outside silent seeing them both and not flashing their lights. 
He didn't say a word as Jinks spoke towards him while not having the Master in control "The car is ready to drive you to your residence, Tom. Just avoid drinking you hear? It's not going to solve anything. Believe me I went through that drinking status myself."
He heard gasps from the crowd as Jinks continued ignoring the noises "Good luck Tom."
Tom didn't say a word shook hands with Jinks as if compelled then walked towards the sedan to get inside buckling up his seatbelt he finding the windows were see through to groan softly while forming a frown from the presses glaring lights shining onto him. Tom didn't say a word as the vehicle got to Victoria's old apartment building to his shock he speaking an ahem sound.
Tom heard from the driver "Management discovered via other sources I'm not liberty to say that residents were renting your apartment to do inappropriate behavior into there. The inappropriate behavior was in response to not able to do this in the elevator in question. Besides Management made it clear that the behavior was to be done in residences and not the elevator or in your residence without your permission in question. So get out now."
Tom obeyed to walk out sensing himself filmed to go to the Management's office he compelled to go to meet the manager who handed him the keys to his apartment without a word. He didn't say a word in response gave a head bob before walking out to take the elevator to his apartment's floor which he got into his apartment to meet Sable inside that gave up his feed me begging meows. Tom sighed and fed Sable who happily munched onto the food before batting his shoelaces he figured was speak for play with me. Tom obeyed to wrestle with Sable finding the cat giving off a loud yowl and darting away as he heard the door to the apartment open to find a couple coming into the apartment while kissy faced onto each other and ignoring him. Tom felt annoyance take hold willed forwards the Berserker as if compelled and yanked the couple apart finding them giving off sounds of surprised while growling loudly. 
Tom heard shrieks from the female as he willed aside his Berserker side and snarled "Get out!"
He glared at the couple who appeared to be afraid of him as he jabbed a finger aimed at the door and yanked the keys to his apartment from the frightened male's hand yanking them off the keychain. Tom grabbed each person's arm and hauled them to the front door pushing them outside in a gentle move before slamming the door with a bang sound and locking it. 
He snarled "Damned people using my apartment for sex! Can't they do that for themselves into their own apartments?!"
Tom heard the familiar phone ringing went to pick it up to hear "The people your referring to are married to someone else who are currently as Humans' say cheating onto their significance other. Their currently in a mating ritual outside your door. Their being filmed at the moment so don't come out till we call you again. We'll handle the natives using your residence inappropriately so let us handle it now."
He heard the dial tone in his ear felt Sable climbing onto his back by paws digging onto the area till the cat got onto his shoulder to sniff his ear. He sighed and hung up the phone to reach a hand towards Sable who sniffed it before rubbing his face onto the area. Tom didn't comment a response as Sable was felt jumping off of him via climbing down his back and jumping off. He sighed and yanked open the refrigerator to discover it contained rows of herbal tea bottles which he went to his exercise room feeling like needing exercise. Tom frowned finding the room remained a bedroom with Sable sitting on the bed looking content and falling asleep to him. He sighed and went to the living room to practice his karate due to how bad his mood was till a doorbell rang breaking him of his kicking. Tom went to the door to peer to discover two cops both females outside with glares on their faces. 
He yanked open the door to let his eyes peer to discover one cop speaking "Tom Thunder is that you?"
He undid the chain after slamming the door and yanked it open while speaking "Mind the cat please."
Tom didn't comment a response as the females walked into his apartment which he shut the door while eyeing them to find one holding a recording device and flashing an image of a couple he recognized he kicked out of his apartment. 
He frowned as the female cop spoke "Do you recognize these two?"
He spoke firmly "Their names I don't know. I do suspect that their residents of this building from seeing them from time to time."
Tom clamped his mouth shut into a frown as the cop spoke "Where did you see the couple around the building and what you knew of them?"
He spoke "I saw them in the elevator multiple times doing kissy faced behavior. They ignored me and my efforts to try to get their attention whenever I caught them in the elevator. I even caught them doing an apparent intercourse ritual once in there. Management had to put signs for that behavior was inappropriate to be used into there. I even heard from sources that people were using my apartment for that behavior instead of in their own residences."
Tom clamped his mouth shut he recognizing himself filmed but kept his mouth shut on the matter as the female added "Can you list the times and dates of when you spotted these two in the elevator doing inappropriate behavior in question?"
He recalled the dates and times fully to speak them towards the questioning cop followed by her adding "Did you catch those two in here when you checked onto the apartment?"
Tom spoke "I caught them today getting inside via their own keys to my apartment they both into a kissy face ignoring me. I had to use force to get their attention in question by separating them and getting them out of my apartment. I just took residence today by Management giving me the keys."
He listed the time frame he got the keys and frowned while eyeing the cop warily who formed a frown on her face while cocking her head. 
He figured to himself "Must be wearing a listening device."
Tom kept his thought to himself as he eyed the cop who quit the head cock followed by her speaking "How much force did you use to get them both out of your residence?"
Tom sighed and spoke "I used my Berserker side to get their attention along with grabbing their arms to yank them apart. Then once I got their attention took the keys from the male and then grabbed their arms and yanked them out of the residence."
Tom paused then blurted to his shock "I'm told that my residence has recording devices set to go off either via sound or via visual motion detector. The recordings is also including in the hallway leading to the apartment in question via visual recording. That's all I know of that."
He clamped his mouth shut into a frown while eyeing the female who cocked her head followed by the phone ringing which he went to answer to hear the familiar Highlander voice on the line speaking "Put her on the phone now."
Tom obeyed to speak firmly towards the cops "It's the group who's got me underneath surveillance requesting to talk to you Ma'am."
He held up the phone to see one female without a word took it and watched her face form ranges of emotions before hearing her speak "I hear and get it what you're talking about. Yes I'll let my boss know of this."
Tom didn't say a word in response as the female hung up the phone and spoke towards him "Alright you're ordered to voice whenever you see sightings of this couple in the building while you're in your residence for this group who refuses to give me a name that has you underneath their surveillance. Don't ask me about this at all. I got my orders."
He gave a head bob in response saw them out of the apartment to shut the door locking it to feel Sable's familiar paws onto his feet again with his familiar meows. Tom sighed and kneeled to play wrestling with Sable till the cat gave up a yowl and darted away he heard the doorbell ringing in response. He exhaled a breath and peered through the peephole to find the familiar cops were back them having frowns on their faces. Tom opened the door speaking his familiar cat comment to let them inside before shutting the door eyeing the cops questioningly. 
Tom got from one female speaking "Alright what's with the news of you kicked out of body guarding Mister Montreal's offspring due to some poisoned status? Tabloids are blaring it at the moment despite this news was supposedly under wraps."
He sighed and spoke firmly "I was underneath the impression that this body guarding was what my Father in Law wanted me to do. Just to get out of being a damned drunkard and embarrassing him and my ex-wife with my drunken behavior. He was hoping that I have something to do worth my while."
Tom formed a glare finding the female cocking her head followed by speaking "Anything else you're not admitting? Your voice has that edge in it."
He spoke firmly "The staff when I did the body guarding job was always nervous around me. They acted like they were afraid of me whenever I was around. I got a wall whenever I tried to talk them into bravery or get them to explain their fear towards me. Even Robert I refer him, noticed this fear attitude but didn't do a thing about it. I wound up assigned by the Commander as he's called in the leadership position for bodyguards to only bodyguard Robert at public events in the White House and no where else. I wound up kept contained while in the White House during time off from my duties. I wasn't allowed to travel outside the White House to anywhere else at all."
Tom clamped his mouth shut while eyeing the female cop who spoke after a head cock "Anything else you care to admit?"
He spoke firmly "I told the staff that I trusted them to feed me with nourishment despite they appearing to be afraid of me. The cook has managed to get me to stay out of the kitchen contained into my room with oaths that she'll send a servant to carry a tray full of food for me. I didn't protest to the cook's order. I was trying to show that I trusted the cook with her oaths."
Tom clamped his mouth while eyeing the cop who frowned visibly before speaking "Anything on being poisoned you remember from the food in question?"
He spoke "Sorry can't help in that matter."
Tom frowned forming it on his lips as the female spoke "Where did you recover in question?"
He heard the phone ringing went to answer finding a Highlander voice speaking "Put her on the phone. We'll answer her questions."
Tom obeyed finding the female not protesting to watch her frown while on the phone seemingly lengthy before hanging up and speaking "They want to meet the boss at the headquarters for this discussion."
Tom didn't say a word in response saw them out of his apartment to gently shut the door. He went to sit down at the couch to hear a faint meow to get up finding Sable tummy crawling out from underneath that arched his back before jumping onto his shoulder purring loudly. Tom sighed to let Sable stand onto his shoulder before the cat was felt getting off. He went to watch TV watching the news's broadcast absent mildly. 
Tom frowned when he heard a broadcast "Local couple caught having sex in a hallway."
He groaned finding a recording of the couple having what was blared by them. 
Tom exhaled a breath noticing the apartment's number wasn't in sight via the recording to his relief. He sighed as the broadcast didn't focus too much onto either couple followed by going into another news' reporting program he hearing various news till a commercial for undergarments came onto the screen and appeared to be lengthy with its advertisement. Tom switched channels finding the same thing till he focused onto the tabloids' news's channel finding them blaring reports of the couple caught having sex in the hallway by identifying them. 
Tom heard from the broadcast as he again saw a recording of the sexual act "We are currently trying to reach the significance others in this relationship who hasn't given a comment yet. We heard that their aware of the news and is reacting in anger with divorce immediate."
Tom shut off the TV via remote feeling himself disgusted with the local news to get up feeling his stomach rumble in hunger. He went to the kitchen unit to grab a bottle of herbal tea sipping the drink finding it tasted good to him. Tom placed the empty drink into a paper bag noticing Sable had shredded a hole into it. He sighed and took out the bottle and placed the bag onto the floor ignoring Sable pouncing onto it with his paws and going into the bag he seeing the cat playing with the handles by chewing onto them. Tom sighed again and placed the bottle onto the dining table he noticing the garbage bag was full. He groaned and grabbed his keys and pocketed them followed by yanking out the garbage bag to haul it out of the apartment. Tom went to the elevator seeing no one inside. He took it to the garage and then walked out with his senses blaring warning unexpectedly of being followed. Tom ignored the follower to go throw out the garbage bag to go towards the elevator only to meet a male wearing sweats and thrusting a baseball bat into a hitting move he had to use karate to keep the thing from hitting his head. Tom heard vulgarity aimed at him from the male he recognized was the male half of the couple broadcasted on the TV having sex with a female in the hallway. 
Tom avoided the male's bat swinging as the male swore vulgarity aimed at him while hearing "You bastard! You had to tape us doing sex!"
He heard more vulgarity aimed at him with wording of having sex towards a female he hearing was named Victoria he not hearing the last name to his confusion. Tom kicked aside the bat getting it out of the male's hands to find the male backing up with fear on his face. 
He jabbed a finger aimed at the male and spoke firmly while seeing fear on the male's face "I don't want to find you and your girlfriend in my apartment again. Stay out of there with your business. I don't give a damn if you and she have sex in the elevator."
He walked away while hearing running footsteps to find the male running away which he took the elevator to his apartment to get inside finding Sable no where in sight. Tom frowned hearing nothing from Sable only to hear a faint yowl sound coming from his couch his senses blaring warning abruptly as he looked around the apartment. Tom heard a gunshot sound from behind him along with pain to turn around kneeling to find the female half of the couple holding a handgun in hand a glare on her face.
Tom heard as he surrendered to the darkness "You'll pay you bastard."

Tom came to feeling a cat's purring vibrations on top of his chest while feeling nothing on his back to indicate a bandage or pain to him but soreness in the area. He felt the cat licking his face with soft mewing sounds. Tom opened his eyes lurching up into a sitting position only to get pushed into a lying position by hands. He looked with a frown to find Jinks was the hands' owner who had the Master in control giving him a glare. Tom didn't protest allowed Jinks to force him to lie down as he found the cat a calico resuming sitting on top of his front purring vibrations felt from the furball. He eyed Jinks feeling himself confused to where he was as the male quit flaring his Master look to look away while hearing a door opening sound. 
Tom frowned finding a Highlander doctor coming into view by the coat and speaking "I see that the patient is awake. Did you tell him what happened to him Mister Montreal?"
He eyed the Highlander to hear from Jinks "No he just woke up."
Tom frowned eyeing the Highlander who shifted to face him and got from the male "Alright an all Highlander group dubbing themselves Scotland claims with proof I'm not going to say what it is that they have Mister Thunder's residence underneath surveillance. They say that it was them who recorded the incident of a couple acting inappropriately in the hallway in front of Mister Thunder's residence door. The couple in question was caught by their surveillance attacking Mister Thunder. The male via baseball bat alone in the garage. The female was caught sneaking into Mister Thunder's residence and hiding in his closet with a handgun she seen coming out to shoot him in the back over the assumed heart area on the left side. His heart organ is via tests remained intact due to his skeleton is larger than normal means via rib cage area caught the bullet and prevented further damage to be done in question."
Tom groaned softly hearing the doctor's words as he heard Jinks' growl to eye Jinks displaying the Master in control giving him a familiar expression he recognized was speak for "Accept yourself period."
He sighed and didn't comment a response to eye the doctor who noticed Jinks' glare spoke "Excuse me."
Tom found the doctor walking away hearing the door shut as he eyed Jinks who jabbed a finger aimed at him followed by the male signing his familiar finger pointed language he recognized belonged to Thura "I expect you to accept that your always different from Humans period."
Tom again groaned softly to get Jinks adding still using the finger language "I forced myself to accept that I was different from Humans when I outlived various family members I valued. I expect you to accept this whether you like it or not."
He sighed and gave Jinks a head bob not trusting himself to speak or sign his words. Tom didn't comment as Jinks quit his finger language to grip his hand in a gentle grip while eyeing him with Human blue eyes he sighing from recognizing the look in Jinks' eyes was of parental love. 
Tom gently squeezed Jinks' hand in response to get from Jinks "Sleep now. Your fine. You need the rest."
He obeyed to sleep passing out unconscious to dream of Victoria looking upset while dressed in brown pantsuit like clothing and she crying tears he unable to comfort her while she didn't acknowledge him. 
Tom spoke "Victoria."
He frowned finding Victoria kept on crying while eyeing her clothes to find that they were torn around both privates and her face looked like it was bruised to him as rain fell onto her from above. Tom exhaled a breath finding Victoria kept on crying while curling into a ball till he felt a compulsion to wake up obeyed to sit up with a start lurching up. 
He found Barry standing next to him with a glare on the male's face that spoke Builder's chatter he speaking what he dreamed involving Victoria only to add to his shock "She's contained in a dumpster from the looks of it indicating the area."
Tom felt rage hitting him abruptly as Barry spoke Builder's chatter to find himself calming down abruptly by a headache hitting him making him groan softly recognizing the Meritanians' mental manipulating onto him. 
Tom recalled Mavis spoke towards Barry "I got the impression that Mavis can see where she is no matter where."
He frowned finding Jinks not in the room to get from Barry speaking calmly "Mavis was found shot via bullet to his heart organ. He's currently in critical condition at a hospital in Seattle where the attack hit. There were witnesses to the attack at the moment who aren't coming forwards with the knowledge of this despite questioned by the police as seen. Besides Victoria isn't in a dumpster like you said. I saw them toss her into a cargo hold on a cargo ship bound for the Caribbean by the looks of it. I'm not even sure of where the cargo ship is in the ocean despite recognizing the name of it. I sent Jinks out of the room not to hear me tell you this. Besides I already told him what happened to his daughter in question. I didn't want him in the room hearing it again. He threw a hissy fit as the High Council refers them which I had to use means to calm him down."
Tom groaned softly while hearing Barry's words to focus onto the Barry as if needing to do it as the Builder spoke "Jinks wanted to send for someone to retrieve Victoria immediately but I had to talk him out of doing that job himself. I prefer you to do it instead."
He focused onto Barry fully as the Builder lowered his voice he hearing the male giving him instructions on what to do while retrieving Victoria. Tom didn't comment a response once Barry quit his instructions to get ordered to get up which he obeyed to discover himself in the High Council's throne room getting thrust clothes he recognized as masked servant wear clothing. Tom put his hair up into a ball as ordered and put on the barrel shaped mask covering his head followed by feeling himself transported to someplace that smelled of sea ocean air he discovering himself on a small boat he finding himself piloting it. Tom felt compulsion to go into a direction obeyed while piloting the boat he discovering a large ship looming in sight via green eyesight of night vision spilling in his eyesight. Tom found the ship was dark indicating a no light status as he got the boat silent and allowed the current to guide it towards the boat's side. He recalled Barry's instructions used his militia training involving mountain climbing and firing a grappling hook via gun hearing it silently hit the ship. 
Tom climbed aboard the ship looking around finding the crew wasn't around but sensed tiredness hitting him figured "Must be put to sleep by the Meritanians."
He ignored the tiredness to continue on searching for the cargo box containing Victoria only to find it in the middle of cargo boxes. Tom used the extra hook to climb up towards the box using his strong strength to open it and darted inside finding Victoria lying on the floor looking worse for wear and sleeping to him. 
Tom felt the tiredness take control abruptly yelled mentally "Meritanians quit that now!"
He darted towards Victoria to place hands onto her with shock only to see darkness hitting his eyesight as something like electrical jolts traveled to his hands he realized the female he was holding wasn't her but some machine to look like her. Tom felt himself hitting the floor passing out unconscious. 

Tom came to finding himself bare of clothing feeling a fist connect with his face jerking him awake while seeing a bright light of a glare blaring into his eyes. He found himself in his familiar restraint trap used by the Zesky Hospital while feeling the motions of a boat via the tipping back and forth felt. Tom shook his head of the light's glare to lower his head finding a masked male wearing armor like clothing and a barrel shape mask was the one who fisted him while thrusting his head into a direction via hand onto his throat. He found Victoria naked with legs and feet spread he finding some lightening show hitting her from the behind via devices that looked familiar to him. He noticed her head was up glaring at the light as he felt his chin forced to look elsewhere in another direction. 
Tom found a male wearing twin clothing as the one touching his chin seated at a desk typing onto a laptop he hearing an electronic voice speaking "Care to talk on who you are and your importance towards Victoria in question? She refused to let us toss your body to the sea in question once you were found in a trap on our ship. So talk now."
He glared at the male in response to speak firmly "Don't you know anything about love hmm?"
Tom got the male's bare hand touching his chin tighten his grip while hearing a faint wheezing sound of an oxygen mask indicating of gasping loudly. 
He glared at the seated male finding the man typing in response "Love? What is that and your importance towards Victoria?"
Tom spoke firmly as he continued to hear wheezing sounds from the male still gripping his chin "Love is doing anything for someone just to avoid seeing them hurt mentally or physically. Something I feel towards Victoria in question."
He glared at the seated male that typed "Toss Victoria into a Megadon trap now!"
Tom blurt to his shock "No! Don't you dare! I'll do anything for her to live to love me!"
He felt himself annoyed with what he blurted to glare at the male who typed in response "I rescind order." 
He kept hearing "Contact Mister Montreal via private channels to see if his attitude towards his own daughter is twinning from his so called son. I know that you're not his son actually. Your nothing but some bastard freak passed off as Mister Montreal's son just to gain attention from how terrible your life was when you were raised by parents that were very disciplined towards you in punishment."
Tom kept his mouth shut forming a glare eyeing the male who continued typing "I know the whole story regarding you Tom Thunder as you referred yourself instead of the freak name of Mason. Don't deny it that your discipline from my predecessor a female family member of my family caused you to undergo medical experiments to become the freak you are now healed without any scarring only scarred on the cheek to hide your identity in question. That includes sleeping in some status to hide yourself from the world with knowledge of this abuse wiped out. It's a no wonder Mister Montreal fell for you freaking story of abuse and gave you what you wanted was this pathetic emotion of love. Disgusting."
Tom kept the glare aimed at the male who added while typing "Make Mason look at the light now."
He found the male's order obeyed to glare at the light hearing from the typing "Pathetic love! Disgusting anyway!"
He heard wheezing sounds become fainter and fainter to frown hearing footsteps walking away from him till he heard a soft grunt sound sounding of Victoria waking up and groaning loudly. 
Tom heard a gasp followed by hearing "Tom."
He heard Victoria's voice sounding of pain to him as he spoke loudly "Victoria. I've come like I said I would. I won't leave you again unless it's necessary."
Tom heard nothing from Victoria but a soft crying sound he recognized of her crying tears. He kept his mouth into a thin line and squinted while eyeing the light seemingly lengthy listening to the footsteps sounding all around him followed by sensing himself filmed. 
Tom grunted in response to the filming sensation followed by hearing "Wake Mason up now."
He felt punching onto his front spoke loudly "That's unnecessary. I'm awake."
He didn't protest as his head was forced down via hand on his chin he again hearing nothing involving wheezing from the male having a hand on the area. 
Tom found the seated male seated still typing he hearing "Why is Mister Montreal refusing to believe our words regarding his daughter in question? He's claiming that she's hospitalized in a secure location and that we're lying on having her. Kindly explain his attitude now!"
He spoke firmly "How should I know? I'm not even sure of what's he's thinking-"
He was interrupted by hearing a cry of pain sounding of Victoria's voice he stiffening hearing. 
Tom glared at the male finding himself unable to look at Victoria to hear "You'll tell us the truth which we already know the answer to Mister Montreal's attitude. So talk on what answer it is now or Victoria will receive more pains."
He glared in response to speak firmly "He expects me to get her out of the trap you have her in. Hence his uncaring attitude and making it seem that she's safe when she's not."
Tom again heard the familiar wheezing sounds from the male having a hand on his chin as he glared at the seated male who typed he heard "Your answer is what we were expecting you to say. Send a recording of this status involving Mason to Mister Montreal now and tell him that his plan for freedom involving his daughter was thwarted now."
He glared as he felt his head forced up to face the glaring light again as he again heard the wheezing sound becoming fainter and fainter as footsteps walked away. 
Tom heard "See if you can put the branding iron onto Mason's chest and make sure it scars his skin now."
He growled out "Don't you dare do that!"
Tom grunted feeling a fist connect with his stomach. He felt hotness of searing pain hitting his chest right over the left side making him groan loudly. Tom continued to feel the pain making his eyes water as the hotness left him followed by stinging pain over the area. He grunted as fists connected with his stomach repeatedly he hearing sounds of someone talking while using an oxygen mask to muffle the words he unable to get it what was said. Tom grunted loudly gasping for air as the fists continued to rain onto his stomach and chest including right over the burning area he hearing the faint talking. He heard wheezing sounds coming back followed by footsteps and felt the punching quit to his relief. Tom continued to grunt as the wheezing male got his head to look down towards Victoria whose head was facing the light. He didn't protest as the wheezing male got his head to face the seated male who typed words. 
Tom heard "Well Mason let me jar your memory now. What do you remember of a name of Linda hmm?"
He felt no memory came to his mind spoke firmly "I don't remember."
Tom clamped his mouth shut while eyeing the male seated who typed "Linda was a family predecessor who bore a predecessor that had a family line fell to me. She was reportedly killed by you in front of one of her own offsprings that grew up to be institutionalized in some mental hospital on the word of your patron Mister Montreal favoring you to do this. He favored you as a son and took pity onto you suffering punishments from Linda you called it abuse to the authorities. Linda's murder wound up unsolved to this day when I know you killed her. I know that you did it due to the offspring institutionalized ranted of someone matching your description doing the murder in some lunatic like behavior. The offspring in question wound up humanly put down on the orders of Mister Montreal. He in question put you down in some sleeping frozen status while wiping evidence of your existence from the public despite unable to wipe me and my family line. We hid after Linda's murder and used various aliases to avoid the law paid to target us on the word of Mister Montreal. Mister Montreal had you paired to Victoria as publicity stunt. He wound up having you appear to be an offspring of his. It's just to gain public's sympathy from them. Now what do you have to say regarding what I told you hmm?"
He spoke firmly a vulgarity insult in response while glaring at the male he hearing groaning sounds from Victoria to sense Sinister in control while glaring at the male. 
Tom got from the male typing "Alright just brand Victoria perhaps on the chest now."
He spoke firmly "Don't you dare do that!"
He saw a male walk by with a familiar branding iron in hand felt his head kept away from looking at Victoria as he repeated his words while adding "I'll do anything for her to be unharmed!"
Tom eyed the seated male that typed "Rescind order now. Brand Mason on the stomach. Make him watch this happening to him."
He felt his head forced down to look down as the familiar branding iron came into view that pressed onto his stomach he gave off loud hissing sounds from the pain felt familiar continued to hiss loudly as the branding iron was removed he finding a burnt scarring on the area. 
Tom found his head forced to look up towards the seated male who typed "Brand him on his face on his cheek where it's not scarred now. Make him watch."
He snarled a growling noise willing forwards the Berserker finding it refused to come forwards as he found the wheezing male holding his face facing the seated male. 
Tom continued to growl as the branding iron came into sight he hearing "No don't you dare do that! Just brand me on the face instead! Don't do that to Tom now!" 
He exhaled a breath hearing Victoria's voice sounding of pleading as the branding iron held by a male was halted he eyed the male warily to see him looking at the seated male. Tom continued to eye the branding iron warily to hear "Sorry Victoria. I have my principles on branding females on the face or anywhere on their bodies except their backs. Brand Mason on his face now."
He eyed the branding iron while growling loudly as he continued to hear Victoria protest as the thing edged closer and closer towards his face. Tom gave up growling noises once the branding iron was felt touching his face burning his skin he recalling the familiar pain of the knife cut onto his face including the reason for it. He snarled growling as the branding finished followed by the male holding the branding iron walking away. Tom focused his eyes feeling rage hitting him while eyeing the seated male with accusation in his eyes ignoring the pain. 
He ignored the pain to bare his teeth into a snapping teeth gesture to hear "How vain you are aren't you Mason?" 
Tom ignored the question to continue on growling angrily while feeling his rage rising further within him. He spoke a vulgarity insult aimed at the seated male only to feel a hand clamp over his mouth cutting him off. Tom heard more wheezing from the male sounding of trouble breathing to him. 
He ignored the wheezing to glare at the seated male that typed words he hearing "Interesting reaction. You managed to get him sick with a breathing ailment despite touching you. I'm hearing his wheezing loudly so stop touching him now."
Tom glared as he found the wheezing male obeyed to continue on his wheezing sounds followed by a choking sound he hearing to see the male clawing his throat while appearing to be gagging for air. He glared at the wheezing male who gave up a cough and fell out of sight in response he hearing a thud sound. 
Tom glared at the seated male in response who typed "Depose this idiot's body into the ocean now! It should wake him up from being stupid enough to play sick!"
He kept the glare as males two of them arrived picking up the wheezing male silent and hauled him out of sight. Tom willed himself to calm despite feeling himself angry while breathing hard through his nose. He gave off growling noises in response while eyeing the seated male who got up and went towards him to stand in front of him. Tom eyed the male with a glare of accusation in his eyes. He got the male holding up a hand and saw him get handed the familiar branding iron. Tom glared as the male proceeded to use the branding iron all over his front ignoring his sensitive part he hissing loudly from the pain. He kept on hissing as the branding iron again reached his face this time focused onto his scarred cheek. Tom felt rage take control fisted his hands abruptly as the branding iron touched his scarred cheek. 
He growled angrily to speak once the branding was done "I'll kill you once I get the chance to do it. You hear me? I'll kill you."
Tom got the branding iron heading towards his lips he clamped his mouth into a thin line eyeing the thing. He felt rage take control as the male handed the branding iron to another male while hearing muffled talking he not able to hear what was said. 
Tom glared at the male who resumed sitting and typing "You talk. You'll find your tongue burning from the branding iron. So shut up now."
He obeyed keeping his mouth into a thin line while glaring at the male who typed "Look away from me or I'll have your lips branded now."
Tom obeyed to look away towards the floor he discovering it was metal while feeling his feet touching it. He recalled Jinks zapping him with the Elemental's electricity power to eye Victoria who was crying tears and looking upset. He eyed the restraints containing her he saw the devices were twin to the ones on Terrania in the coffin's room from the looks of them. Tom continued to eye Victoria and her restraints finding her form was ram rod straight indicating a restraint on her back from the looks of it. He looked away to glare at the floor mentally willing himself to calm despite the pain hitting him. Tom shut his eyes while bowing his head he hearing muffled talking he ignored the voices as he felt something sticking onto his back that felt like needles to him. He felt pain of the branding iron pressed onto his front opened his eyes to glare with accusation finding the thing touching him in a bare spot despite the pain. He glared at the male that was no longer seated instead branding him with the iron. Tom kept his mouth into a thin line to mentally recall his restraint off command not working on the trap status. He exhaled a breath recalling his ability to charge up his body with electricity which didn't matter if he had the Berserker in control or not. Tom glared concentrating onto the floor mentally willing his body to charge of electricity feeling a splitting pain hitting his back followed by feeling himself able to move. He with a roar willed forwards the Berserker in a fast move and charged towards the male holding the branding iron that backed up while waving the thing in front of him. Tom heard running footsteps sounding of people running away as he glared at the male holding the branding iron. Tom charged only to halt his charge each time the male swung the branding iron towards him meeting flesh. He kept on circling the male finding him glancing at Victoria and him in apparent panicky moves. Tom circled till his back was towards Victoria he keeping the male away from her while growling loudly as he swung his clawed hands. He found the male was trying to lure him away from Victoria by backing up while swinging the branding iron towards him he keeping himself rooted in spot refusing to budge. Tom growled loudly while forcing himself to crouch hand onto the floor while eyeing the male who made that backing gesture only to halt realizing that he wasn't going to budge. He glared at the male while snapping his fanged teeth as the man dropped the branding iron and darted away out of sight of the spotlight. Tom heard a door slamming sound with a bang sound. He went towards Victoria after straightening up his form to find her still trapped she crying tears. 
He mentally spoke towards Victoria "Just charge up your body with electricity. You'll be freed from the trap."
He found Victoria obeying by her eyes indicating the Master in control followed by darting towards her in a fast move to catch her as she fell towards the ground. Tom kneeled while holding Victoria as close as he could to his body while keeping the Berserker in control. He kept his arms around her despite the pain of the branding iron hitting him all over the place she seemingly soothed by his arms' hold. Tom kept on holding Victoria as he heard a faint hissing sound he recognized was of a gas being pumped into the room. He willed aside the Berserker to kiss Victoria on the lips feeling her kissing him back while feeling her hands rubbing his cheeks. He ignored the pain of her rubbing his burned cheeks to hear a faint siren like sound followed by the hissing of gas stopped. Tom broke off the kiss as he heard the familiar sound of the door opening. He thrust Victoria behind him while willing forwards the Berserker forcing his body into a crouch position. Tom glared as footsteps became nearer and nearer that halted he looking in the noise's direction while feeling Victoria's arms wrap around him from behind including her face buried onto his back. He kept the glare aimed at the noise's source to find the footsteps resume till a figure walked into view underneath a spotlight to stand watching him. Tom found the figure was of Jinks with the Master in control he finding the male holding up a hand he feeling the familiar choking sensation along with forcing himself to will aside the Berserker. 
Tom spoke despite the pain and choking felt "Victoria your Father's here."
He adjusted Victoria's position to find her clingy towards him as he picked her up while feeling the choking quit to his relief. Tom didn't comment a response towards Jinks as he carried a clinging crying Victoria towards her Father whose eyes narrowed with a glare he figured was of accusation in them. He kept his mouth shut in response to glare at Jinks who once reaching him walked away with him following. Tom followed out of the room to discover it was a cargo hold of the ship inside and followed Jinks seemingly knowing where he was going till they reached the deck of the ship exposed to the air. He grimaced from the pain of the branding iron and the sting of the air felt onto him as he kept on holding Victoria tightly. Tom followed Jinks to a helicopter finding police boats in vicinity in the ocean as the sunrise was seen. He got aboard the helicopter following Jinks and sat leaning against a seat while feeling Victoria still clingy towards him. Tom didn't protest as Jinks handed him a blanket he wrapped it mostly around Victoria covering her while hearing her moan out his name in pleading tones. He leaned back into the seat and kept a tight ironclad hold onto Victoria as the helicopter flew in the air and took a lengthy time period to reach land reaching a city he recognized belonged to California from the air. He eyed the city out the window as the helicopter flew and landed on the hospital's helicopter's landing pad. Tom found nurses holding rolling gurneys standing outside waiting as the helicopter landed. He got out following Jinks and walked up to a gurney placing Victoria onto it despite resistance of her still clingy onto him. Tom sighed as one of the nurses injected Victoria in the neck with a drug and found her surrendering to a sleeping status. He didn't comment a response as Jinks jabbed a finger aimed at him and towards the other gurney. He sighed and forced himself to lie onto the gurney to feel a stinging pain of a needle injected into his neck along with a rolling sensation felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Tom woke up feeling a rumbling vibration of a cat sitting on his front. He jerked open his eyes to eye the cat despite his cheeks having bandages on it. Tom found the cat was looking like King Winter's pet to him to find the Cold Lord in the room that thrust his cauldron staff towards him. He felt numbness overtaking him all over his front including his face indicating of the cold status along with feeling sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Tom woke up hearing the familiar alarm clock blaring its noises. He thrust an arm over his eyes as he felt pressure of Victoria straddling him on his naked body he feeling skin touching skin. 
He removed his arm to eye Victoria warily having the Master in control he recalled her telling him soon after arrival to the Kensington's recovery house "The men who shot Mavis and kidnapped me did it in front of people waiting for my autograph for a book. Not one of them bothered to help me out of that situation despite me giving resistance to the men trying to kidnap me. They must have thought it was a part of the Veronica Thomas persona publicity stunt. Just to get out of signing books. Hmph. I'm still furious with them on that attitude enough to quit the Veronica Thomas persona. Just focus onto writing books and avoiding publicity events for this for awhile."
Tom sighed as Victoria grabbed a hold of his sensitive part while still having the Master in control he recalling told by the doctor in Jinks' presence soon after King Winter's healing to remove the branding iron's marks "Your daughter has injuries indicated of being raped that resulted into an offspring production. The baby a male was found within one of the kidnappers' quarters appearing to be treated properly to survive. We found a recording of a male indicating that he kept the baby alive out of obligation of it being a living being despite orders of tossing him into the ocean by his leader. The caretaker in question was the one we identified died of a breathing problem involving his oxygen mask. The Father has been pointed as him by DNA tests despite Victoria having injuries of being raped multiple times. Sorry to inform you that the rapes and beatings onto her caused damage to her that might make it troublesome to have another offspring production without side effects to the offspring in question. Hence she's now tied which is speak for offspring carrier removed. It's as the law states for females to have if their offspring carriers prove problems for carrying acceptable offsprings.'
Tom kept his eyes onto Victoria forcing himself to focus onto her he keeping his hands to himself as she proceeded to examine his sensitive part by her hands felt touching him all over. He kept his hands to himself forming a frown on his face and kept the expression while eyeing Victoria seemingly lengthy with her touching his sensitive part all over while she had the Master in control. 
He recalled the headboard reached out his hands to grip it fully with both hands on its sides and spoke firmly towards Victoria looking at him "Have your way with me. Have control. Do whatever you want."
Tom clamped his mouth into a thin line while eyeing Victoria who resumed feeling his sensitive part all over she seemingly lengthy with that touching. He sighed feeling himself hard by her hands' touch. Tom felt his control snap grabbed Victoria and exchanged positions to hear nothing from her but her legs parting and surrounding him in response while feeling her hands touching his shoulders. Tom didn't say a word towards Victoria's behavior sighed and entered her thrusting in rhythm. 
He felt Victoria's form remained still as he did his thrusting while hearing her crying out repeatedly "Tom."
Tom sighed hearing her voice tone sounded of relief to him. He sighed once spilling inside Victoria to pull out gently and adjusted his form till his face was level with her face to gently wrap arms around her in a tight hug feeling her accepting his hug. He kept his hug seemingly lengthy while feeling her falling asleep he kept himself silent till tears spilled from his eyes. Tom silently cried of relief hitting him he feeling a great weight leaving him via his tears. He cried till he felt himself tired shut his eyes while keeping his form on top of Victoria's she appearing to have passed out asleep and passed out unconscious.

Tom ignored Jinks sensed staring at him while seated in the plane Victoria seated next to him asleep. He felt himself sick again threw up in the barf bag as the plane flew in the air. Tom groaned softly during a break of throwing up as Victoria remained sleeping while ignoring his noises. 
He sighed recalling Jinks woke them up via alarm clock an hour later and the male ordered while glaring at him "Our stay in this house is up so get up. Get yourself ready. Attend to your hygiene and get dressed now."
Tom recalled as he threw up that he obeyed ignoring Jinks spying on them both in the shower Victoria babying him he doing the same to her she accepting his touch while seemingly upset about something. He found Victoria got thrust clothes by Jinks that appeared to be sweats which she put on he followed her example to put on his own pair of sweats. Tom recalled as he coughed from Jinks' staring during a break of throwing up that Jinks got them out of the house in a fast move ignoring their wet hair and socked feet to get into a limo that drove to the airport to the male's personal plane. 
He felt Jinks' staring getting the best of him spoke loudly feeling his throwing up still there but having a break "Jinks spill it on what you're trying to say to me." 
Tom glared at Jinks seated across from him in another seat finding the male displaying an all black eyed look in response and waving a hand. He felt sleepiness hitting him looked away and went unconscious despite feeling like throwing up again.

Tom woke up hearing the familiar ringing noise of the alarm clock to feel Victoria lurch up into a sitting position while lying on top of him they both in Jinks' spare bedroom. He sighed opening his eyes to stare at Victoria displaying the Master without a word adjusted her form to straddle him while again examining his sensitive part. He sensed them stared at to spot Jinks seated on an armchair shaking his head of a sleeping status that gave him an all black eyed glare. Tom recalled catching Jinks waking up from sleeping status while in the room from the armchair despite not seeing a Charon around to kick him out after each wake ups. He eyed Victoria in response who played with his sensitive part making him hard again. He sighed seeing that she was up to her trick of having him take control of the mating via playing with his sensitive part to the point it'll make him want to take control and do something about his urges. Tom groaned softly feeling his urges running through him taking control despite he resisting to it. He continued to eye Victoria who kept up the playing till his control snapped and without a word got her underneath him. Tom thrust her legs apart in a fast move and was inside her thrusting in rhythm she giving off his name as usual in her pleading voice tone. He inhaled a breath once done to groan loudly before removing himself away from her she not resisting and went into the bathroom slamming the door with a bang sound. Tom stomped into the shower turning on the water to his heat toleration levels he sensing himself spied on he ignoring the spying as he soaped and shampooed himself fully all over. Tom felt himself annoyed with the intercourse he pulled onto Victoria placed hands onto the wall of the shower stall in front of him while glaring at it seemingly lengthy ignoring the water falling onto him washing him of soap and shampoo. Tom rubbed a hand onto his scarred cheek feeling himself angry with not letting Victoria heal from her raped status by him always taking control and dominating her she always giving off his name in some begging pleading tone. 
He realized to himself speaking ignoring that he might be overheard "My name spoken by Victoria is from her trying to tell me that she's not over her status of being raped. It's something she's trying to heal from by using me. I'm annoyed that I keep on balking this status attempt she's using onto me. It's aggravating me."
Tom felt himself cleaned shut off the water and walked out of the shower stall to find Jinks was the spy giving him a glare with the Master in control who waved a hand towards him. He felt his legs gave out landed onto the heated floor while glaring at Jinks and spoke firmly repeating what he said to himself in the shower. Tom glared at Jinks sensing Victoria spying via doorway by senses cued towards her. He kept his attention onto Jinks finding the male kept the glare only to find him turning around to look at Victoria standing in the doorway wearing a bathrobe on her form with a frown on her face she having the Master in control. He exhaled a breath to find Jinks looking at his direction waving a hand and felt his deadweight hitting his legs stop which he got up awkwardly while going to grab a towel. 
Tom wrapped the towel around his waist and spoke "Excuse me."
He made a motion to leave the bathroom only to find Victoria blocking his way by having a hand touching his chest when he made a motion to walk pass her. Tom sighed softly and frowned eyeing Victoria in response that gently pushed him further into the bathroom to find her shutting the door locking it. He frowned wondering what she was up to as Jinks was heard giving off soft growling noises. Tom kept his hands to himself while eyeing Victoria who appeared to be ignoring Jinks' growling. He found her removed the towel off him tossing it aside despite his form still wet from the shower. Tom kept his eyes onto Victoria as she forced him to the floor by her putting hands onto his shoulders to kneel followed by pushing him to lie onto the floor. He didn't say a word forced himself to submit to Victoria as she removed the bathrobe and straddled him while again playing with his sensitive part. Tom concentrated onto Victoria's face as her hands made his urges rise within him he forcing himself to keep his control in check. He heard nothing from Jinks as he gritted his teeth while keeping his eyes onto her face eyeing her eyes as she kept on running her hands onto him. Tom forced himself to do mediation techniques with his breathing as he forced himself to let Victoria have her way with him seemingly lengthy he finding himself mouth breathing but kept his hands to himself. He waited seemingly lengthy till he sighed once he felt himself guided inside her and sighed softly from the feeling of her sinking down onto his length till he was up to the hilt inside her. Tom sighed while staring at the ceiling he seeing a familiar blurry figure of a Listener on there. He ignored the Listener to continue on staring at the ceiling feeling Victoria seemed slow with her rocking him he not complaining to her. Tom sighed as he spilled himself inside her after a bout of rocking by her. He didn't say a word as Victoria got him out of her followed by watching her getting up going into the shower stall to shower. Tom got up without a word and eyed Jinks giving him a glare and found the male thrusting a finger towards the door to the room he hearing faint crying noises sounding of Victoria to him. He found Jinks' eyes still displayed the Master in control without a protest left the bathroom hearing the door slam behind him along with the lock clicking in place. Tom sighed and went to the dresser holding his sweats to put on his form along with underwear and socks for it. He ignored his somewhat damp body to put the clothes on before going to sit onto the bed eyeing the bathroom door. He heard a rap of a fist onto the bedroom door went to open it to find Worthington there that gave him a look of disapproval on his face he hearing the familiar Tsk sound from the butler. 
Tom spoke "Out with it now."
He glared at Worthington who spoke in response "Your clothes are not appropriate for going around in public. Didn't Miss Montreal tell you what to wear?"
He spoke firmly "Excuse me, Worthington but Victoria is busy with her Father at the moment."
Tom heard the bathroom door open behind him to speak loudly "Worthington is at the door."
He stepped away to let Jinks walk out slamming the door to eye Victoria in response finding her giving him a glare while noticing her dressed in her familiar black pantsuit.
Tom got her making a finger gesture of come which he obeyed to get into the bathroom to find her thrusting him clothes folded on the counter and giving him another glare. He didn't say a word in response exchanged the clothes for jeans and a black T-shirt with a business jacket also in black despite the jeans were in blue color. 
He brushed his hair with a brush to hear from Victoria "Let me fix your hair for you please."
Tom sighed and handed her the hairbrush to go sit onto the stool and groaned again as he felt the familiar burn of the hairdryer while feeling the hairbrush yanking through his hair. He formed grimace of pain on his face from each burning sensation and hair yanking till she got his hair braided into a low braid and found her holding it in place via hair band. Tom frowned while eyeing Victoria who proceeded to put her hair up into a hairstyle held up by a clip along with watching her putting on her makeup that looked not much to him. 
He spoke recalling Mavis and no word from the Builder "Anything on Mavis?"
Tom got a hiss from Victoria who gave him a frown followed by her speaking "Daddy seems to know that Mavis can see wherever I am. He said that to me after you were kicked out of here. Daddy has been a wall whenever I ask about Mavis in question. He seems to indicate that he's up to something regarding Mavis but has refused to tell me what it is. Daddy pulled this attitude onto males paired to me soon after I got hurt from anything physical that wasn't involving me playing soccer in question."
Tom spoke sensing an edge in Victoria's voice tone "Your Father is still seeing you as his little girl isn't he?"
He frowned while eyeing Victoria to get her turning around giving him an all black eyed glare in response making him gulp. Tom recalled his own daughter born via Thura. 
He spoke recalling the daughter and his attitude towards her being sent to live among Humans despite his objections "I had a daughter with Thura. I always saw her as my little girl no matter how she grew up to adulthood. Took me too much time to accept that she grew up and wasn't my little girl anymore. I did always want to protect her from every single thing including keeping her safe. It's an attitude I think your Father has towards you I did towards her."
Tom clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Victoria who didn't say a word made the come gesture via finger which he followed her out of the bathroom to find her going to a dresser and pulling out a pair of sneakers he got tossed. Tom caught the sneakers and sat on the bed putting them on, on his socked foot of white socks he finding the sneakers were of white color. He didn't say a word in response towards Victoria who put items into a suitcase and got thrust it which he carried out of the bedroom following her to the elevator to find Jinks inside. 
Tom stood hearing Jinks give the command to garage room he figured to himself "Must be safety issues again."
He kept his mouth shut as the elevator went to the garage room followed by following Victoria to a black tinted windowed sedan to get inside finding her ignoring him while buckling up her seatbelt he copied. Tom kept his mouth shut leaning back while eyeing out the window as the vehicle via Highlander driver drove out of the building into the city taking a route to stop in front of Lance Knight's home building he recognizing it. Tom found presses gathered outside the building blaring their lights he ignored them to follow Victoria out of the car. 
He heard a question aimed at Victoria he hearing "What do you have to say about the death of your husband?!"
Tom grabbed Victoria's arm hearing the Highlander's voice speaking that question feeling her bubbling in anger as he pulled her into the lobby to the elevator and recalled her method on gaining entrance inside Lance Knight's apartment. Tom got the elevator doors shut and then waited for Victoria to blow her temper find the explosion hitting he hearing her snarling vulgarity insults. He kept his mouth shut in response as Victoria paced back and forth into the elevator while still snarling vulgarity till he felt himself filmed to slam a hand over her mouth getting him looking at him with a glare.
Tom spoke "Cut the crappy language and get us both inside your residence now. I suspect that there's people waiting to use this elevator."
He glared at Victoria to remove his hand finding her without a word getting the elevator moving to Lance Knight's residence and walking out he following to find her getting the doors shut. He heard a meow to find a black cat getting onto Victoria's shoulder she removed to thrust at him he gripped to feel the familiar purring vibrations. 
Tom frowned as she spoke "Attend to the furball and his needs. He's your furball from your residence sent to live here."
He heard her voice tone indicated that she was angry about something which he watched her stomp away. Tom went to the kitchen from memory of where it was while feeling Sable get onto his shoulder to dig his claws onto the area. He sighed and found Sable's food in the cupboards to hear an excited meow followed by the cat getting off of him to rub his body onto his ankle as he fed the furball. 
He heard a cell phone ringing to feel a budge of the object in his pocket took it out speaking "Yes?"
Tom heard "Its Neddy. Her Father is on his way to see her. Go to the TV room and look underneath the couch for a red spiral notebook labeled 'Barry' on it. Just give the thing to her Father. Don't ask questions on what it is towards him in his daughter's presence. He knows what the notebook's importance is and is retrieving it. She'll tell you what's the notebook's importance is when she's ready to tell you. Don't question her about it."
He heard the dial tone in his ear sighed and went to the TV room to peer underneath the couch to find multiple books underneath there he had to yank out till his hand touched the spiral binds of a notebook. Tom yanked it out finding the name of Barry on it as the sound of a doorbell rang loudly. He frowned and went to the elevator meeting Victoria dressed in sweats on the way who he noticed appeared to look nervous seeing him hold the notebook in his hand. Tom ignored Victoria's nervousness to find her opening the elevator to admit Jinks inside which he tossed the notebook without a word. 
He eyed Jinks who caught the notebook and gave him an all black eyed glare while speaking "Tom leave."
He obeyed hearing the firmness of Jinks' voice tone went to TV room to turn on the TV via remote to find a channel focused onto tabloids he clicked the remote to a local news' affiliate channel and forced himself to watch it. Tom watched the channel seemingly lengthy till he sensed himself spied on found Victoria in the doorway watching him with tears flowing from her eyes. He sighed and turned off the TV while getting up to go towards Victoria who shook her head in a no gesture halting his walking. Tom frowned eyeing Victoria warily who wailed crying sounds he sighed and without a word hugged her gently. He didn't say a word just hugged Victoria who cried tears and nonsense sounds before becoming quiet. He heard her sniffing to feel her patting his arm. Tom released her and found her darting away he sighed feeling himself compelled to follow found her going into the main bedroom to flop onto the bed onto her stomach her face onto the pillow. Tom didn't say a word in response went to sit down on the bed next to her gently rubbing her back in a soothing massage while hearing silence from her. He felt Victoria relax from his massaging to sense that she had fallen asleep which he sighed and without a word got up and went to the armchair to sit watching her lengthy till night vision arrived to his eyesight. Tom sighed finding Victoria had remained asleep which he got up and laid his form onto the bed gently holding her in a hug as she remained passed out asleep to him. He eyed the ceiling seemingly lengthy till he shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Tom came to feeling sunlight blaring into the room via the windows. He jerked open his eyes to discover Victoria gone from the bed but heard her familiar typing to find her seated on the armchair typing onto the laptop with a furious expression on her face. He eyed Victoria whose hair looked wet and was clad in fresh sweats from the looks of it who kept on typing ignoring him staring. 
Tom sighed and got up figuring to himself "I might as well shower." 
He entered the bathroom. 

Tom came out clad in black sweats he found on the counter to find Victoria still typing away on the laptop but this time displaying the Master in control with a furious expression on her face. 
He sighed to think to himself "Just let her type out her emotions of how's she's feeling."
He shook his head of the thought and without a word left Victoria banging away onto the laptop to go to the kitchen finding Sable demanding to be fed. Tom fed Sable then peered into the refrigerator finding rows of herbal tea bottles in one drawer which he took one out and sipped it entirely. Tom looked around in the kitchen to find the recycle bin which he tossed into the bottle before going to the TV room.
He thought to himself "I think Victoria wants to be alone for awhile."
Tom went to the TV room and sat turning on the TV to find the channel left where he was. He watched the local news finding them including a recording of Victoria's kidnapping and shooting of Mavis via heart area at a mall in Seattle. 
Tom grimaced hearing "Daniel Sawyer husband of Victoria Montreal was found to be the bodyguard identified shot to death by extremists in an attempt to target Mister Jinks Montreal on his wealth."
He groaned softly hearing the news only to find the TV shutting itself off as his senses involving Victoria's presence blared which he found her in the doorway with the Master in control a glare on her face. Tom kept his mouth shut in response while eyeing her warily with nervousness hitting him abruptly. He shook of fear as Victoria without a word walked into the room to manipulate him to lie down onto the couch followed by her straddling him. Tom eyed Victoria without a word while keeping his mouth shut as she adjusted his pants finding him commando underneath to pull his sensitive part out and was playing with it again. He forced himself to eye the ceiling despite his urges for sex hitting him and rising from Victoria's hands' manipulating onto him. Tom kept his eyes onto the ceiling concentrating on restraining himself from acting out his sexual urges. He kept on eyeing the ceiling as Victoria removed her hands and pulled his sweatshirt off of him, him not resisting to rub hands over his stomach muscles. He sighed from her massaging him to frown as her hand patted him on the cheek. Tom shifted to eye Victoria in the eyes finding her making a look at me sign via the eyes and finger gestures. He obeyed to concentrate onto Victoria's eyes still having the Master in control. Tom didn't protest as Victoria got off of him to eye her stripping herself of her sweats followed by getting his sweatpants off his form including his socks. He felt himself still hard eyed Victoria hungrily as she again straddled him and rolled his eyes when he felt himself entering inside her as guided by her hands. Tom again got Victoria's hand patting him on the scarred cheek which he concentrated onto her eyes. He eyed her in the eyes as she moved rocking him he gritted his teeth to not to moan out loud from his feelings of pleasure hitting him each time he was inside her. Tom exhaled a breath once finding himself spilling inside her. He kept his eyes onto Victoria who got up he shivering from the loss of her surrounding him to get up putting on her clothes and watched her leave the room without a word. Tom groaned and forced himself to get up picking up his clothes putting them on followed by resuming to sit onto the couch turning on the TV. He watched the local news's channel seemingly lengthy involving a morning TV show. 
Tom frowned as they again broadcasted "We're confirming that Daniel Sawyer husband of Victoria Montreal is dead of a gunshot wound to the chest. Miss Montreal is reportedly in seclusion in grief from the loss and will give out a statement within a week's time frame to the presses. We have a recording of her Father giving out his statement to the presses."
He frowned to watch Jinks speaking via microphones to the presses "My statement is my condolences towards my daughter on the loss of her husband. I'm sorry that this unfortunate tragedy had to happen to my daughter. Thank you no further questions."
Tom heard the edge in Jinks' voice tone to frown finding the recording showing him walking away followed by the broadcast of the morning TV show coming back on. He kept on watching the broadcast talk various comments on famous couples including news of a couple he knew from his residence caught having intercourse in the hallway of the building via recording. Tom felt disgust take hold clicked the TV's channel to another channel to find himself clicking buttons on the remote as if compelled making him annoyed. He found the TV turning blue followed by showing a recording he formed ranges of emotions seeing it on the screen along with anger as the last emotion once the recording quit. Tom got up without a word stomping towards the TV to find the recorder player to pull out a recording marked 'Bloody hell' on it. He yanked it out to find the scene changed to find himself in the High Council's presence with Jinks displaying the Lance Richard persona facing him giving him an all black eyed glare while holding a hand out. 
Tom exhaled a breath as Jinks spoke "The recording. Hand it to me now."
He heard the firmness of Jinks' voice tone shifted to eye the High Council to hear "You will hand Horus the recording now, Mindbender."
Tom heard it from Onya obeyed to hand the recording to Jinks who snatched it out of his hands followed by the male disappearing in a light show. 
He eyed the High Council warily to find Onya speaking "Transport Mindbender back to his residence now!"
Tom found himself back into the TV room to frown recalling the recording fully in his mind. He sat down onto the couch rubbing a hand onto his forehead he recalled the recording was of a scene of Mavis raping Victoria via her tied up in bed and wearing a mouth restraint with panicky behavior seen from her. 
He groaned softly to recall the recording added Mavis's words sounding in some odd tone "Your mine Thura. Mine. To do what I please."
The tone he heard sounded familiar to him like Mavis was insane with a mental problem involving an obsession towards wanting a female as his period despite the name of Thura used. He recalled seeing tears flowing from Victoria's eyes once Mavis was done raping her followed by leaving her alone tied to the bed. Tom sighed to turn on the TV back to the morning TV show he ignoring the disgust hitting him from the contents of them mentioning a couple from his residence and seemingly focused onto them and their relationship. He continued to watch the TV seemingly lengthy till Sable was felt getting onto his lap which he leaned back and didn't protest as the cat tummy sat onto him purring vibrations felt. Tom felt himself lulled to sleep by Sable's purring which he shut his eyes to come to hearing a yowling sound of a cat meowing in an angry tone. Tom jerked open his eyes to discover Sable sitting on his front on his haunches anger sensed from the cat who was swatting a paw in a direction he spotted was Mavis looking oddly sick to him making him furious to see the male. Tom willed forwards the Berserker to wave a clawed hand towards Mavis despite noticing the male was clad in just a pair of underwear shorts and stinking of an unwashed status as Sable swat a claw in the male's direction each time he tried to get near him. Tom figured from Mavis's behavior that he was trying to get something from underneath the couch underneath his seat Sable was swatting him away while yowling in an angry tone. He glared at Mavis who spoke Builder voice chatter in a voice tone he recognized as sick with an illness involving breathing problems, he recognized from Barry would use from time to time when sick, to him to find himself picking up Sable and walking out of the room in the hallway. He didn't protest as Sable got onto his shoulder with a loud meow sounding furious to him. Tom went back into the TV room to stand in the doorway finding Mavis kneeling onto the rugged floor yanking out piles of books from underneath the couch.
He heard Mavis ranting "Find it Mavis. You can find that thing Mavis."
He exhaled a breath hearing the odd voice tone of Mavis who kept on repeating his words while yanking out more books piling onto the floor. He recalling that Mavis using his own name was twin to Barry using his own name when indicating on being sick and wasn't going to admit it. Tom stiffened sensing Victoria behind him to keep his mouth shut as she walked into sight to stand in front of him he sensing anger from her. He kept the Berserker in control as Mavis quit looking underneath the couch getting up going towards her with anger on his face.
Tom glared at Mavis who snarled "Where did you put that notebook now Thura?!"
He exhaled a breath hearing Mavis using Thura's name who wound up added vulgarity insults towards Victoria who slapped him on the cheek only to get the male speaking "You'll pay for that hitting me! Strip now, Thura!"
Tom heard Mavis's Builder chatter to find Victoria refusing to obey to the strip order and speaking vulgarity aimed at Mavis including saying "You're sick Mavis! Go get medical help! Leave me out of this cold illness your undergoing now!"
He exhaled a breath as Mavis gave up "I'm not sick! I'm fine! So strip, Thura now!"
Tom found Victoria attacking Mavis using karate onto the male including grimacing from her kicking the male in the sensitive part repeatedly he hearing vulgarity aimed at the male in insults and for raping her comments. Tom groaned softly as Mavis shook his head before collapsing onto the floor with form still like he was passed out. He eyed Victoria in response who turned around with the Master in control to hear a Hmph sound from her. He willed aside the Berserker to frown while holding up his hands in a surrender gesture to get her eyes narrow further. Tom kneeled sensing Mavis disappearing in a light show before focusing onto Victoria fully in the eyes sensing anger from her. He kept his mouth shut into a thin line he sensing Victoria was going to blow her temper by her behavior indicating it. He didn't have to wait long for the explosion as Victoria started yelling vulgarity insults aimed at males.
Tom heard her snarl "You men always thinking with that thing hanging between your legs and not thinking smartly! You're always the same period!"
He groaned hearing her comments as she added vulgarity insults he hearing her insulting Mavis followed by grimacing when she used his name in the insulting. Tom kept his mouth shut into a thin line as Victoria kept up her vulgar ranting seemingly lengthy till he felt compelled to will the Berserker forwards and stand up obeyed to find them both in the High Council's presence. He heard Victoria cut off her ranting to grab her not resisting to turn her around facing the High Council while restraining her arms from behind. Tom narrowed his golden eyes while eyeing the High Council sensing Victoria was still angry by his touching her arms. He kept his holds onto her arms ironclad sensing her folding her arms in response he hearing silence from the High Council's Speakers. 
Tom figured to himself "Their mind scanning Victoria."
He kept his thought to himself as he sensed Victoria was going to throw another temper tantrum by her shaking via his hands' grips that seemed familiar to him that reminded him of Thura's shaking before she blew her temper. He gently massaged the arms with his clawed hands followed by massaging her shoulders and back area in soothing moves. Tom heard nothing from Victoria word wise but soft groaning sounds he sensing that she was still mind scanned but soothed by his massaging her back. 
He kept up the massaging till a Speaker was heard "Transport Mindbender and Thura back to their residence now!"
Tom frowned hearing Thura's name from Shad to find himself with Victoria in her residence's TV room to will aside the Berserker and without a word massaged Victoria's back in a gentle move seeing her bow her head. He kept up the rubbing massaging the tension knots in her back felt underneath his hands till she relaxed and sighed loudly. Tom grunted as he found them both in the High Council's presence Victoria not saying anything in response as he restrained her arms while willing forwards the Berserker as if compelled. 
He restrained Victoria who he noticed eyed the High Council followed by hearing "Ramses transport Thura to a location now."
Tom frowned letting go of Victoria finding her disappearing in a light show as he found himself restrained by the Falcons and Berserker side willed aside. He frowned feeling Sinister in control willed it aside and kept his eyes onto the High Council. \
He found Barry appearing in a light show giving him a familiar look as the male spoke "Is there a particular reason to what you heard from the Speakers regarding one female of yours hmm?"
Tom exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak recalling the Speakers' words including calling Victoria by name of Thura "They used the name of Thura when referring to her. What's going on with that?"
He found the Falcons' grips become more ironclad to his confusion while eyeing Barry who spoke "Who's going to tell him of this?"
Tom frowned as he heard silence from the High Council to find the Speakers had heads bowed as he shifted to eye Barry who looked the group's direction before focusing onto him giving him a golden eyed glare. The look made him gulp seeing it from Barry he recognized was of accusation and that he did something wrong. 
Tom spoke "What's going on? What are you trying to tell me that I'm going to be upset hearing?"
He frowned to hear growling noises from the Falcons as he heard from Anubis "He doesn't know what you're trying to tell him. The Falcons can sense that he's confused and is clueless on what's going on."
Tom frowned further with his mouth forming to eye Barry who spoke Builder chatter he finding himself not compelled to speak instead remained silent. He frowned as there was a light show showing Lance with a growling noise he recognized was of the Guardian of Life and Death persona, he stiffened hearing. 
He kept his mouth shut as Barry gave Lance a familiar look followed by the male speaking "Tom doesn't know what's going on regarding Thura, Barry. I do. I'm responsible for this stunt actually."
Tom exhaled a breath to find the Falcons released their holds onto him as he found himself transported out of the High Council's throne room to an observation room with Victoria sitting on the bed typing away on a laptop she ignoring him appearing. He frowned while eyeing Victoria warily to find her displaying an all black eyed look while continued on typing. Tom went to a wall in the room and leaned his back onto it while sitting down. He eyed Victoria who ignored his staring seemingly lengthy as she kept on typing away onto the laptop. He sighed when Victoria halted her typing to jab a finger onto a key and then looked in his direction with a glare omitting the black eyed look. Tom exhaled a breath finding the glare she gave him was familiar to him and made his senses blare. He shifted his eyes to stare at the floor as he heard nothing from Victoria resuming her typing. Tom frowned as he looked to eye Victoria getting up going up towards him walking in a familiar move to his confusion and then went to kneel next to his legs she still giving him the familiar glare. He frowned while eyeing Victoria warily to feel confusion hitting him as she raised her hands and made gestures he widened his eyes seeing Thura's finger spelling language from her.
He found himself after a bit understanding her hand signs "I didn't let death stop me from being with you again Tom."
Tom exhaled a breath as shock hit him making his eyes widen further while staring at Victoria who halted the hands' signs to put her hands onto her legs. He kept on staring at Victoria seemingly lengthy as she quit the glare and gave him a familiar smiley expression he recognized belonged to Victoria. Tom stiffened recalling as if compelled via mind scanning of the Meritanians that Thura would give him that familiar smiley expression whenever she was happy to see him. The expression he recalled was done onto him soon after returned to her from doing jobs for the High Council.
Tom spoke "Thura?"
He got Victoria's smiley look become more pleasant as he gasped loudly "How?!"
Tom got from her in response speaking "Thank Lance Richard or Guardian of Life of Death whichever he is, for doing it. He got me reborn into this body form I'm in now."
He stiffened hearing Victoria's voice that sounded the same and seemed to hint nothing of Thura to his relief. He sat up straighter putting hands onto Victoria he figured he'll call her's shoulders finding her accepting his touch. Tom found the mind scanning of the Meritanians continued to as he recalled a memory fully in mind. 
He recalled mind scanning Thura's mind as she lay dying in her original body she mentally telling him "I'll come back I oath to you. I'll come back even if I have to be reborn in another's body."
Tom gasped loudly of shock as while feeling the Meritanians quit mind scanning him. 
He felt tears flow from his eyes as Victoria spoke "I love you, Tom. I truly do and did anything to get back to you. I made an oath and I did what I could to keep it to be with you forever as yours."
Tom felt joy hitting him as he gripped Victoria and gently kissed her on the lips she kissing him back. He didn't complain as Victoria placed one arm around him and her right hand onto his scarred cheek. He kissed Victoria seemingly lengthy till he heard familiar click noises to indicate someone transported to break off the kiss as if compelled. He sighed as he found Jinks in the room restrained by Barry having a hand onto the male's neck the male having all black eyes and giving him a glare. Tom grimaced from the glare but didn't say a word in response as he got up and pulled Victoria up who went to Jinks stopping till she was a hand's length. 
Tom followed with a frown hearing her speaking "Daddy, it's me Victoria Katherine your daughter mine as always."
He exhaled a breath glimpsing Barry flaring golden eyes while seeing the Builder was glaring at Jinks whose arms were folded he hearing a faint growling noise from the males. 
Tom spoke firmly while eyeing Jinks eyeing Victoria "I had nothing to do with Thura coming back to existence as your daughter, Jinks."
He heard from Barry speaking "Tell me Jinks, is he telling the truth or lying?"
Tom held his breath while eyeing Jinks who appeared to get weak in the knees followed by Barry releasing the male to find him kneeling while rocking his form wailing loudly. He inhaled and sighed as Jinks kept up the wailing seemingly lengthy as he noticed Barry gently put a hand on top of the male's head halting his rocking. He sighed again and kept his mouth shut as Jinks threw himself onto Barry's legs and found Barry kept his hand rubbing Jinks' head. He sighed as Jinks hugged Barry's legs while still weeping loudly. Tom frowned while eyeing Jinks as he heard Barry speaking Builder's chatter to find them both disappearing in light shows. He shifted to eye Victoria who went to the laptop and saw her resume typing onto it rapid fire paced with all black eyes making him groan softly. 
Tom heard loudly in his mind "Hey who are you two Meritanians anyway? You're not Walls and Kiddy but some other Meritanian. Talk or else I'll sicken the First Ones to fire their warships onto the both of you.'
Tom frowned hearing Ramses' blaring to hear via his mind as if the unknown Meritanian wanted him to hear "Jeez Ramses the Great is that a welcome to your brother Tank for returning your sister Merra from her hellhole you call it?"
Tom stiffened hearing the Meritanian's voice sounding familiar and sounded like Tank from memory as he found himself in the High Council's throne room restrained by the Falcons. 
He felt his mind scanned by the High Council as Ramses was overheard blaring "Tank where have you been and where has you Merra been anyway?"
Tom sighed recalling that Tank favored him to hear his chats with Ramses as the familiar Meritanian was heard blaring "Welcome to hell sound of a ringing bell making me crazy to pick a daisy-"
"Spare us with your rhyming poems now Tank!" He heard blared from four Meritanian voices he recognized as Ramses, and his three sisters, Erra, Terra and Merra to his shock of hearing her sounded familiar to him. 
Tom frowned as Ramses blared "Aw you missed quite a lot of fun baby brother Tank, big sister Merra."
He frowned as he heard a voice sounding feminine blaring in his mind "What's this about Edenia and Humania orbiting the planet at the moment? I can hear the Humans or First Ones sounding annoyed about another planet with a moon appeared from no where and is filling up the sky in some orbiting Shadan pattern from the looks of it."
Tom gasped as he recalled something Tank said to him before the Meritanian disappeared off Shadan. 
He stiffened from the memory of Tank saying "I'll return to planet Aire when Edenia and Humania orbits Shadan."
Tom groaned while eyeing the High Council to see them all disappear in light shows followed by snickering sounds from the Meritanians blaring loudly in his mind. He frowned as the Falcons released their holds onto his arms and found a light show flashed showing Jinks giving him an all black eyed glare. 
Tom gulped but didn't say a word while eyeing Jinks who spoke using the creepy voice of his "Meritanians played a joke onto the High Council from their snickering sounds unless I'm mistaken."
He frowned as he heard blaring in his mind "He's not mistaken but the jokes on Barry and his brothers. Got transported off Aire with a piece of the First Ones' land courtesy of King Winter doing it. Don't worry an All Seeing One like Barry will be back to planet Aire as it should be called instead of this ridiculous name of Shadan."
Tom frowned hearing Tank's words sounding in his mind as he eyed Jinks warily to find the male waved a hand in a direction he finding it was towards the Speakers who still had head bows. He frowned as the Speakers without a word walked away finding the wall behind the throne chairs splitting apart to admit them. He found stairs going up followed by the wall shutting as he eyed Jinks with a frown. 
Jinks, he eyed spoke loudly "Things are going to change. I can sense something happening to the planet and her people. Believe me no one is going to like it and neither will the High Council."
Tom exhaled a breath while staring at Jinks as he heard Tank giving off his familiar rhyming words again blaring in his mind in some snickering like voice tone. 
He thought to himself as Tank quit the mind scanning "Well I'll face the future with anything I set my mind to, with Thura, well, Victoria at my side forever."
Tom smirked hearing nothing in response to his thinking as he eyed the doors leading to the High Council's rooms while again hearing Tank's familiar rhyming song. 
He sighed and found himself transported back to Lance Knight's residence to hear typing sounds sounding in the TV room to find Victoria inside seated on a couch banging away onto the laptop. Tom stared at Victoria seemingly lengthy till her eyes turn all black followed by her typing getting faster paced. He sighed and recalled Thura's obsession with the High Council's historical booked documents and her obsession with wanting to tell stories via her hand language to anyone fluent in her signs. 
Tom didn't say a word towards Victoria to sigh thinking to himself "Veronica Thomas, writer. Should get used to it."
He shrugged seeing Victoria's attention was onto the laptop and without a word went to the chaise lounge in the sofa to sit down and recalled books underneath the couch. He put his hand underneath there to feel for a book only to find a spiral bound notebook which he took out having Barry's name on it. 
"Read that out loud will you?" He heard from Victoria sounding of the Master in control. 
Tom frowned while eyeing Victoria who removed a device from her ears with a click of a beep sound indicating of a voice recorder device she was listening to and set that aside onto the sofa. 
He held up the notebook and spoke "I thought you knew what the contents said?"
Tom got from Victoria in response "Nope I don't know what it said. Only Mavis wouldn't let me see it. I admit it, the High Council convinced me to spend my time typing down stories I was to hear via audio records they claimed were recordings of me in my previous body telling to anybody about."
He exhaled a breath but remained silent as Victoria added while eyeing him "Tell me something Tom, didn't you spend time speaking my stories I said via finger language to whoever? As in letting me believe that they were fluent in my finger language when they were hearing you speaking the translation?"
Tom gulped seeing Victoria's eyes narrow with a familiar look which he spoke from memory "The High Council on admittance said that they weren't fluent in your hand language and had I recorded translating your talk. They mostly managed to mind scan you like a mind walker hence they appearing to know your thoughts when you tried to do your hand language to whoever."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line to get Victoria setting aside the laptop and she speaking "Don't bother reading that notebook. It's empty."
He took a quick scan finding the notebook was what she said as he gave her a glare finding she giving him one of his favorite smiles he softened seeing. Tom stared at Victoria who crawled on the couch towards him still smiling and without a word tossed aside the notebook he glimpsing an alive Mason catching with disgust on his face seen before walking out of the room. Tom frowned wondering what was going on with Victoria as she straddled him breaking his thoughts and eyed her with a smirk she still giving him his favorite smiles. 
Tom sighed as Victoria spoke "You owe me a payment, Tom for that book. I intend to collect it now."
He stiffened from Thura's familiar words she said to him via hand language and remained sitting on the couch leaning back eyeing Victoria. Tom recalled the words was Thura's speak for letting her have her way with him mating wise which he surrendered to her paying her price.

The End 
