TRACKERS
By
Alfred Gyl


Chapter 1:
Amalloy Quiss is closing in on the threat he is tracking while avoiding the tracked one’s attempts to eliminate him.


The ‘splat – splat’ of explosive pellets hitting the ground behind him motivated Amalloy Quiss to pick up speed in order to stay ahead of the shots designed to explode on impact. Counting the percussive hits, he spoke to no one in particular, "That’s thirty," he huffed, "I’ve got five seconds to reverse course." A quick turn and a push off a nearby tree enabled Amalloy to head precisely in the opposite direction and increase the distance of his stride. The ‘splat-splat’ started again and continued in the direction he had previously been running which let him know he had outwitted his foe.
He heard the distinctive ‘snap’ of a missile round being entered into the chamber of a hand held rocket mortar and was ten yards away when the click of the firing pin sounded. He was fifteen yards away by the time the round hit the tree he had bounced off. The side of the tree took the brunt of the blast and shattered into wooden shards which flew as pointed missiles in all directions. When the projectiles reached within a certain radius of his location, his suit enabled auto-shield which caused the wooden slivers to be deflected harmlessly to the ground, but this feature of the suit did little to keep Amalloy from being carried by the blast and hitting the ground. Regulations said to tuck and roll to keep ahead of additional munitions threats, but Amalloy found it hard to do so as he was flung helmet first into the ground. He did, however tumble to a stop and roll over face up to evaluate his situation.
The tree that had taken the blast seemed to teeter back and forth, burned brightly and then dully. "A whole lot less oxygen than I was told," Amalloy grumbled. "Wait ‘til I speak to Warden about this." The distinctive ‘snap’ sounded again and revealed several things to Amalloy. The first was that another missile had made it into a chamber. Second was the thought, ‘He’s not that far away.’ As he waited for the familiar sound of the firing pin, he chuckled aloud, "He doesn’t know where I am."
Jumping to his feet and running full stride downhill through the wooded rocky terrain, Amalloy quickly ran the distance he had earlier covered. Deciding it was time to surprise this foe, he turned right and dashed up the tree line with the thought to circle around the area he believed was the shooter’s location. He knew he was correct in his estimation when a second explosion lit up the area where he had just reversed course.
Turning his head to the right, he watched as the tree he had bounced off was lifted upward and its pieces cascade to the ground. As the brightness of the flash hit his visor, the auto-light refractor compensated for glare. Refocusing on his trajectory, Amalloy saw a splinter of light reflect off the front glass of a scope indicating the stationary position of his foe. With the audacity which is not written in any manual, Amalloy turned right, disengaged the environ-shielding, and shouted, "Hey!" He then ran toward his opponent in an attempt to frighten him into tripping over his weapon. The opponent didn’t fall for the scare, for he rolled over, aimed the weapon, and fired a second ballistic round in Amalloy’s direction.
This round hit the side of a tree to Amalloy’s right sending wood shards in every direction. Turning slightly left to avoid the percussion of the shock waves, he continued his full stride away from the blast. As the shards from this second blast began to pierce the air around him, his auto-shielding activated knocking the wooden projectiles harmlessly away. The moment Amalloy shifted his direction he raised his right arm which brought a pistol into his hand. He stretched his arm outward and pressed the trigger which sent a few rounds in the direction of his foe. Not concerned whether the rounds hit their intended target, Amalloy continued with all haste away from where the opponent was entrenched.
"Did you just attempt to face him down, Agent?" a voice in his ear asked. Amalloy didn’t answer. "That was foolish," the voice droned. Amalloy nodded, said nothing, but kept running. The voice that spoke wasn’t specifically in his head, but was his Com-link, affectionately known as Warden, in Central City and contact with the Toimist who employed him. Amalloy ignored the remark, even thinking of clicking off the com-line. ‘If he knew what I was doing he would know I don’t need this right now,’ he thought to himself.
The course he had chosen continued on moderately level ground until a rock face loomed in his vision. Turning left to follow the rocks, Amalloy traveled along the course they laid for him. He jumped over fallen logs and ducked to avoid tree branches which impeded his path. The rock face curved sharply to the right and Amalloy ran in concert with the curve until he knew he was out of visible range. Turning left into the forested area, he doubled back toward the direction he had come with the intent of making a left flanking movement to again face his opponent.
"You need rest, Agent Quiss," Warden advised. "Your vitals are jump…"
"Did you get the aura of the guy we’re chasing?" Amalloy interrupted as he continued to run.
"I cannot clear up the visuals," Warden said, "but the glare from the explosion will make a nice addition to your data-folio."
"Funny," Amalloy murmured sarcastically. He continued his downhill stride for a hundred yards before turning left across the terrain, attempting to arrive somewhere close to the previous location. "I’ll make another pass and try to get closer," he explained mostly to himself, but knew Warden would hear.
"You think he’ll be there?" Warden asked. He answered the question by saying, "I believe he’s already gone."
"Warden!" Amalloy started sharply as he ran, "You sent me here to do this job. Given the adjustments to the terrain and the light, I’m doing the best I can." He angled to the left to make the trek upward.
"I cannot not help that the planet cloud cover interrupts the data, Agent Quiss," Warden shot back. "The spin of the planet makes for a greater darkness than you are used to, I know. We tried to get the update to your system in a timely fashion, but interference through the atmosphere hampers attempts."
"No excuses, Warden," Amalloy accused, then he chuckled and asked, "How many times have you said that to me?" His strides lessened due to the uphill climb as he closed in on the fiery remains of the tree which took the brunt of the dose meant for him.
"Hint taken, Agent," Warden’s voice crackled.
Amalloy heard more crackling sounds in his ear and then silence. "Communication is losing consistency, Warden," he informed. "Warden?" he questioned. Hearing nothing, Amalloy declared, "On my own again."
Turning again to his left, Amalloy aimed for the location his opponent had occupied, stopped just short of the area, and dropped to one knee. He peered into the darkness and saw nothing but flattened grasses, expended shells, and smashed weapons. ‘Ran out of ammo and don’t want the weapons turned back on you?’ Amalloy asked himself. He turned around and sat on the ground, staring hard in the direction he had just covered. About to raise the recorder attached to the back of his left hand, he saw a shadowy movement headed through the brush he had run down. "There you are," he observed. Amalloy stood and began to trot in the direction of the shadow. Crouching beside a spiny shrub, he watched as his opponent stopped then continued and then stopped again.
His suit beeped and he heard the voice of Warden. "If you can get to higher ground, it might make the download easier," Warden commented.
"And keep an eye on the perp as well?" Amalloy asked. He remained crouched and informed, "I’m almost in position to take him out, Warden."
"Sorry to call you off the track, but I believe," Warden informed him, "if you get to higher ground, you will appreciate the outcome."
"Okay," Amalloy submitted. He stood up and looked around. "I’ll see where that rock face leads."
Amalloy walked back the ten yards to the rock face. Taking a quick look to his left he saw the shadow of his opponent still standing where he had stopped. He shook his head and looked back at the rock wall. The visor readout of his helmet evaluated the structure and composition, and then indicated three possible routes upward. Looking again toward where his shadowy opponent was supposed to have been, he noticed that, in those few seconds of evaluation, the figure had disappeared almost as if into the shadows. "Shadow-man’s gone," Amalloy said.
"No problem," Warden affirmed.
"No problem? Isn’t that my job?" Amalloy asked with a snooty tone.
"This is not your first mission, Agent Quiss," Warden asserted.
"I know," Amalloy replied, "I’ve been trying to ignore you since after the second." He smiled and sarcastically said, "Your profound statements haven’t improved."
"Just get to climbing, Agent," Warden directed.
"As you command," Amalloy yielded and put a hand onto the rock face. Hoisting himself up, he slowly ascended following a combination of the three routes. Half-way up, Amalloy paused and, when he had glanced around, to his right saw the smoldering tree pieces with traces of rising smoke and to his left the immense darkness which, he was discovering, was predictable for this world. Looking upward, he ascended hand over hand until the top was reached; then hauled himself over the crest and sat down.
"Do you need to take a break?" Warden asked with a condescending tone.
"You are in an enviro-controlled office sitting in a cushy chair and I’m on a dark world with an almost unbreathable atmosphere that has no foliage above a certain point," Amalloy retorted, "I deserve a break."
Ignoring Amalloy’s comments Warden asked, "Are you at the top? Can you go up further?"
Standing up and looking around, he saw a level plain devoid of trees, shrubs, and grasses, at least for the hundred yards in front of him. He felt the stiffness of a moderate breeze coming across the empty plain which his suit measured being 18.03 knots. "I am at the top," Amalloy asserted,  "and from what I can see there is no ‘farther up’." He walked away from the rock ledge and kicked at the ground, which moved dirt and sent dust swirling to disappear in the breeze. Looking skyward, he saw thick dark clouds that moved speedily through the atmosphere. There were breaks between and within the clouds which allowed little starlight through.
"Is there any way of getting farther up?" asked Warden.
"Why?" asked Amalloy, as he peer into the semi-darkness of the environment.
"There is little change of accessibility," Warden stated. "It’s like you never moved at all."
"I just climbed sixty feet up and you tell me it isn’t good enough?" Amalloy exploded vocally as his arms waved up and down and he paced back and forth.
"When is anything ever good enough in this line of work, Agent Quiss?" asked Warden. Not waiting for a reply he continued, "Listen, the wave containing the data stream must be steady for sixty-seven minutes for the download to complete. If you cannot get it all in that time, you don’t get any of it – even if it starts."
 "You better figure something out because the plan of me standing still for that long isn’t going to work," Amalloy barked, pointing his finger into the air. "I’m going to try to get a glimpse of ‘Shadow-man.’" Amalloy turned and walked to the rock ledge and sat, dangling his legs over the precipice.
"That is the second time you used that phrase," Warden said. "What do you mean by ‘Shadow-man’?" he asked.
"Have you not been getting the vid-feed?" Amalloy asked as considered his downward options.
"Off and on, though more off since you went face first into the dirt," Warden chided with a chuckle.
"Well," Amalloy explained, "it’s my name for the perp you sent me after. I see only a shadow, thus ‘Shadow-man.’" As he peered into the darkness from his perch sixty feet above the ground, he thought to perceive total darkness from any lighter colors of darkness. "You’re the cloud-brains behind what we do, Warden. I just do the grunt work – and have for the past sixteen missions," Amalloy said harshly. There was silence. As he glanced to his left, he saw the smoldering remains of the trees and shrubs that were the result of the blasts his shadowy opponent had intended for him. Amalloy spoke as he observed, "Smoldering remains of trees that took the blasts intended for me. The fires flare up and then die out over and over again like in short bursts." He sighed and then asked, "Warden, how long would I have to remain still if you prepared short bursts for the download?"
The communications equipment crackled as Warden said, "Even if that were possible, terabyte transfer is almost unattainable."
"You said ‘almost’ there, Warden," Amalloy quoted, "which means a possibility exists." A pause occurred in the communication during which Amalloy heard the muddled sound of others talking loudly. "Oh, come on, guys. It isn’t getting any lighter out here," he declared unsympathetically.
"You have somewhat of an idea there, Amalloy; but we just don’t think it can be done," Warden informed him. "In the meantime, you’ll have to get higher for contact to be made and that’s all there is to it."
"You cloud-brains are always thinking too big, too grandiose," Amalloy chided. Then he asked, "How about sending the information in short gigabyte bursts? Would that suffice?"
"What are you suggesting?" Warden asked.
"If I want to finish a job quickly, I use a missile like ‘Shadow-man’ did against me and that is what you are trying to do," Amalloy explained. "Use short bursts instead." He paused and then asked, "Would that work for the download?" There was silence across the channel. "Well, if I wait for you guys to figure it out, ‘Shadow-man’ will either get the jump on me or get away and the mission allows for neither." He stood to his feet and said, "Let me know when you come up with something." He turned and gently lowered himself over the rock face and began to descend.


Back on the ground, Amalloy turned around and began to trot in the direction he had last seen ‘Shadow-man.’ A hundred yards down, he stopped and took readings using his hand-held recorder. The readings were displayed on his faceplate for visual accessibility. "What kind of suit allows a man to urinate? Don’t all suits recycle that?" Amalloy asked.
"Of course they do," Warden replied. "Why do you ask?"
"The recorder found steam rising from the base of a tree. I’m going to inspect and ask you for the results," Amalloy explained. He walked toward the tree which had the vapor rising from its base.
"Oh, you so need this upgrade!" exclaimed Warden.
"What, so you can get out of work?" asked Amalloy. He stopped at the tree and surveyed the area for potential fauna that might leave the results the recorder indicated.
"No," replied Warden, "so you can do the investigation where you are instead of having to wait for us to send it to you. As it is, you’ll have to wait a good fifteen for the results."
"That is a good idea," Amalloy encouraged. He then asked, "Who suggested that?"
"As with most innovations," Warden explained, "there was an Agent on Tertiary Prime who was killed by an Egba-Trill as he awaited our response. At that time the wait was sixty-five, but for him it was too long."
Amalloy raised the recorder and found there was no evidence of creatures around. He knelt and looked more closely at the condensation. "Okay," he uttered, and then asked, "How do I do this?"
"Press the small toggle at the first thumb joint of your left hand. A panel will flip open revealing a small screened disk. Place the disk in the liquid, replace it in the receptacle, and close the panel," Warden explained.
Amalloy followed the instructions and, when the panel closed, a green light blipped on his faceplate indicating a sample retrieved. "Hmm," he mused, "Simple as that." Amalloy pressed the ‘send’ nodule at the base of his helmet and indicated, "Sample away. I’ll keep doing my search for ‘Shadow-man’ as I wait." He walked around the tree doing a wide search with the hand-held recorder and continued toward where ‘Shadow-man’ had been standing.
Twelve minutes later, Warden’s voice came into his ear saying, "You’re not going to like this, Amalloy. It’s a Nakpas and they aren’t very friendly. We’re assembling an info packet for you."
"A what?" Amalloy exclaimed. At this news, he crouched down and cautiously looked around as if expecting something to jump out of the shadows.
"A Nakpas," Warden repeated. "Can you get higher to receive the feed?" he asked.
"I thought this planet was uninhabited; ‘fauna free’ as I recall being told," Amalloy fairly shouted as he scurried to a tree close to his location. He crouched and continued monitoring the area with as wide a search as possible searching for the creature.
"It is. A Nakpas is not a natural inhabitant of Vadus 22. It must have been introduced by some other means," Warden explained. "When we sent you there to track the perp, ‘Shadowman’ as you call him, we scanned as best we could for habitation. We got a zero in life-form category." There was a pause and then Warden said, "Hold on."
A few voices came into Amalloy’s ear as he crouched behind the tree. "It is the best we have," someone was saying.
"That is not good enough," Warden practically yelled. "We’re not going to lose another agent through your incompetence!"
"What was that about," Amalloy asked as he stood up keeping his back touching the tree and looking from side to side.
"The technician came and told me he verified the species as Tijgrys from Vadus 34," Warden explained. "Those are very destructive and violent when provoked, worse than a Nakpas." Amalloy squatted on his heels and put his back against the tree. Warden continued, "The specimen you collected is four to seven minutes old."
"That means it is still in the area," Amalloy concluded. He leaned his head against the tree and sighed.
"Most likely," Warden agreed.
"Okay," Amalloy said, "enough of this." Using the hand-held recorder, he splayed the beam in all directions using a wide search pattern.
"I find no evidence on my scanner," stated Amalloy.
"Ahhhhh…," came a cry to Amalloy’s right.
He immediately stood and visually searched in the direction of the cry. "It found someone," he declared. "I’ll check it out, but stick to the shadows." Amalloy began to jog toward the right of his position, ran as silently as possible through sixty yards of brush and trees, and then stopped. Twenty yards ahead of his position he saw a large creature circling a tree. It was completely covered with blue fur, except for the white fur along the inside of the legs, the belly, and up to under the chin. Across the cheekbones were dark blue stripes which contrasted the blue of the face, ears, and mane. "You getting this, Warden?" he asked in a whisper, but got no response. Looking up through the branches, Amalloy saw the shadowy form of his opponent and whispered, "‘Shadow-man.’"
The creature circled to the right, stopped, and looked up; then circled to the left, stopped, and looked up. After each stop, it stretched up the trunk of the tree, extended its claws, and then dropped to the ground to repeat the process. As it circled, Amalloy noticed a metallic object attached to its left ear. "Controlled by hominid hands," he whispered. Taking out his recorder, he set it on wide angle scan, and slowly and methodically moved it from side to side. Stopping in his search, Amalloy spoke aloud, "Someone else is after ‘Shadow-man’ and he’s not afraid of being seen."
Amalloy watched as a figure walked out of the darkness up through the trees and called, "K-k-k-filleee! K-k-k-filleee!" The figure was humanoid, tall and thin; hands blue, palms white, blue up to and across its shoulders. It wore shorts, but no shirt; across its chest was a strap which most likely was a sword sheath, yet its white chest was bare. Its head was long, blue, and hairless; but its face was white and the eyes were covered with a visor which also covered its nose. "Unable to breath the atmosphere," Amalloy whispered softly. The animal turned, plodded to the newcomer, and sat on its haunches and looked straight into the eyes of this newcomer.
The individual reached out and patted the animal on the right side of its head. "What are you looking at?" the humanoid asked. "There is nothing here. Look further in, and don’t chase after shadows." The creature leaned into the hand patting its head, and then looked back toward Amalloy’s position and winked.
"That is just creepy," Amalloy whispered. He watched as the humanoid turned toward its left and, with the animal following, walked into the trees; neither looked back. The animal began to trot ahead of its companion and they disappeared into the darkness.
Amalloy turned and looked up into the tree where ‘Shadow-man’ was hiding, waiting until the animal was gone, and then slowly descend through the branches. He stood and walked toward the tree as ‘Shadow-man’ slid down the trunk. Leaning against the tree, Amalloy asked, "How did you ever manage to get up there?"
Jumping backward, Shadow-man asked, "Who’s there?"
"Oh, I forgot," Amalloy amusingly said. "De-cloak your suit and I’ll de-cloak mine."
The communications crackled as Warden asked, "You got him?" There was more crackling and Amalloy heard, "… the deed is done."
"Not now!" Amalloy demanded. Noticing ‘Shadow-man’ backing away, he cautioned, "I can see you, but you cannot see me. Let’s try something. You stop backing away, de-cloak your suit, and I’ll de-cloak mine." He stood away from the tree.
"The Felno will see, too," ‘Shadow-man’ declared as he slowly continuing to back away. "They don’t easily give up a hunt," he explained.
"They are not very sportsman like either," Amalloy alluded looking back to where the large animal and its companion had entered the darkness, "bringing help to do their tracking." Turning to face his opponent, he saw ‘Shadow-man’ look from side to side but continue backing away again. "I could drop you right now, and will if you want," Amalloy warned, "but I’d rather we talk over a few things." ‘Shadow-man’ stopped.
"I don’t think you …," Warden rebuked in a commanding voice.
Amalloy pushed another nodule at the side of his helmet and sighed, "That’s better." To ‘Shadow-man’ he asked, "Now, where were we?" Looking at the shadow of ‘Shadow-man’ he continued, "Oh, yeah. I’d like to do this my way; but if you run, we can do it the hard way." Taking four steps to reach his opponent, Amalloy reached out, grabbed ‘Shadowman’s’ arm, and began walking upward, dragging his catch away from where the Felno and its creature had disappeared. When they were in relative safety, he pushed ‘Shadow-man’ against a tree that gave the ability to see the direction they had just ascended. "De-cloak now!" he commanded.
Amalloy watched as ‘Shadow-man’ raised his shadowy right hand and pushed a button near his left elbow and the suit came into view. It was baggy and had rips and tears all across its midsection and left leg, some of which had been tied off to prevent oxygen from leaking. A patch on the right shoulder read "Gradus Commonwealth" and the helmet, which was scratched and dinged, read "Gradus Space Facility."
"Where did you get that suit?" Amalloy asked. He moved his right hand and pushed a button near his left elbow which deactivated the environ-shielding, bringing him into view. He raised his helmet’s exterior anti-radiation visor and commanded, "Raise your visor." When ‘Shadow-man’ did so, Amalloy was taken aback for within the visor was the face of a young girl with dark blue hair and blue skin whiting at the temples and across the nose.
"Who are you?" they both said at the same time, she firmly and he questioning. Then they said, "No, you first." She giggled and he stared.
"You first," the girl said again with a smile.
Amalloy cleared his throat and stated, "I’m a bounty hunter. You’re the bounty I’m after." He turned, took two steps away, and then turned back toward the girl. "Something isn’t right here."
Amalloy raised his hand to push the nodule to talk with Warden, but her hand stopped his. "Let’s hear your story first," she intimated. "Then I’ll tell you mine."
"Warden said they’d tracked ‘Shadow-man’ to this planet," Amalloy started, "But you’re not the exact representation of the perp I was expecting."
The girl interrupted, asking, "‘Shadow-man?’"
"My nickname for you," Amalloy explained. "I guess I can’t keep calling you that now, can I." Pointing at his chest, he said, "Amalloy." He paused, gestured toward her, and then asked, "And you?"
"Zaivi. I’m Felno," she divulged, sitting down with her back against the tree.
"Okay. Zaivi," Amalloy acknowledged. He remained standing and began to tell how he had been charged to find a probable dangerous criminal wanted by the Gradus government for spying. "I can only assume that it is you I’m after," he concluded. Then he asked, "Where did you get that suit?"
"I was being taken to Gradus. The ship had been fired upon and hit. Its stabilizers were destroyed and we were going in for a hard landing. Satid, the pilot transporting me, was gravely injured and saved me by insisting I wear his suit," Zaivi explained. A hand went up toward her face in an attempt to wipe a tear, but came in contact with the faceplate of the helmet. She turned face and body ninety degrees away from Amalloy and continued, "The landing was harder than anticipated and the ship was worse off than expected; atmosphere was seeping out and Satid was dead, and I couldn’t get away from there quickly enough." Zaivi turned her face toward Amalloy and continued, "The ship exploded and sent me flying over a precipice and into a grove of trees, a branch of which tore through." She pointed to several tears and tie-offs along her left leg.
"What about those shots at me in the upper grove?" Amalloy asked pointing upward with his left hand. "Those seemed like professional movements to me."
"Just lucky shots," Zaivi replied. She shook her head, looked down, and explained, "I have no other firearm, especially anything that will take out a Felno let alone the Tijgrys he controls."
"You know what that animal is?" Amalloy asked. Zaivi nodded but said nothing. Amalloy took a step backward as he surveyed the events developing before him. "Okay," he stated, "convince me that I shouldn’t talk with Warden right now."











Chapter 2:

Amalloy Quiss set out to accomplish what the Toimist had requested: Track, identify, and eliminate the potential threat that landed on Vadus 22. The one thing he didn’t do was eliminate.


Amalloy Quiss was standing in the deep woods of Vadus 22. Sitting before him was a supposed dangerous perp, back against a tree, but turns out to be a Felno female. This did not elicit the representation of the criminal element he was after as described at the Toimist briefing before he departed on this manhunt. "Okay," he asserted, "convince me that I shouldn’t talk with my Com-link right now."
Zaivi was sitting on the ground with her back against a tree. She toyed with the scrap of material tied around her knee which kept most of the non-breathable atmosphere out of her suit. She looked up at the armed crossed Gradus standing before her who looked like he could break every bone in her body if given the chance. "I have scarfs, ripples, and streams," Zaivi informed him.
"That doesn’t sound like much of a reason," Amalloy replied shifting his weight onto his other foot.
"They are of Gradus Burex making strats with the Dusai," she explained. She did not take her eyes off his face.
Narrowing his eyes and leaning forward, Amalloy asked, "What makes you so sure?"
"You’d have to see what I have," Zaivi said with confidence and a smile, "then you’d know."
"We can’t look at those things in this atmosphere," Amalloy noted. He waved a hand above his head to indicate their surroundings, placed it onto the top of his helmet as if scratching, and hinted, "I could send them to …"
Reaching a hand toward him, Zaivi stated, "We don’t want to do that, Amalloy."
The mention of his name and her movement surprised him, and he drew back. To recover, he asked, "And why not?"
"You are from Gradus?" Zaivi asked, withdrawing her hand. Not waiting for a response, she continued, "If you knew of someone within your Burex making strats with a known unfavorable," she leaned forward and asked, "Would you want to reveal what you knew to those very Burex?"
"What are you suggesting?" Amalloy asked. He moved a step to the left of the tree.
"There is a way I can show you," Zaivi remarked, smiling. She stood, brushed crumbs of Vadus 22 soil from her thighs and calves, and added, "but you," she pointed a finger at him, "have to trust me."
"What you’ve alleged is not as convincing as I’d like," Amalloy commented, "But something just doesn’t sit right." He walked to the left of the tree and leaned against it. "You are neither the ‘spy’ nor the ‘dangerous criminal’ I was expecting." Zaivi watched him as he moved. "You’re not even Gradus," he stated. He was quiet for a moment and then asked, "Why would you care?"
Zaivi moved toward Amalloy and leaned very close to him with her back against the tree, "I’d like to belong somewhere," she started, "but I don’t. My eludzie doesn’t because the Dusai are a cruel taskmaster." She raised her head and looked at him, then continued, "There was hope when we came to Gradus. For thirty cycles it has been so, like hope was fulfilled." She looked down again and continued, "Things are changing, becoming more like when the Felno were under Dusai rule." Zaivi stood away from the tree taking several steps and turned to face Amalloy. With resolve in her voice she asserted, "We cannot let that happen to another eludzie like it happened to us, even if that eludzie is not Felno."
Amalloy stood away from the tree. "I’ve heard of the Dusai," he informed her. "In our training we looked into Felno ramblings, but there was never a consideration for tyrannical aspiration."
"Does that mean they don’t exist?" Zaivi asked, raising her hands with the question.
"Are you suggesting the Dusai will come to Gradus and begin to treat its people…?"
"According to my scarfs, ripples, and streams, they are already here," she interrupted firmly. Zaivi stepped toward him, grabbed him by the arms, and passionately declared, "We cannot let that happen to another eludzie!"
Amalloy shook himself free of her grasp and protested, "I don’t like to be touched."
Dropping her arms to her sides Zaivi stated softly, "That won’t matter to the Dusai."
Amalloy looked at her questioningly. "You said ‘we’ earlier," he stated; then asked, "Who is ‘we’?"
"That is where you’ll have to trust me," Zaivi remarked as she pointed at him.
Amalloy put a hand to the back of his helmet and looked at the girl. Yes, something didn’t add up, but how would he find answers to his questions? "Okay," Amalloy yielded, shrugging his shoulders. "What do ‘we’ do from here?" he asked.
"We go into the darkness," Zaivi indicated, pointing to her left.
Amalloy looked in the direction she pointed, then back at her and asked, "We’re going to follow the Felno and his pet?"
"It’s the only way," Zaivi related, shrugging her shoulders. She folded her arms across her chest as she waited for Amalloy to make a decision.
"I’m supposed to be checking in now and then," he noted, tapping an area on his face plate which indicated the passage of time. "What do you suggest I tell them?" he asked.
Zaivi took his question to be approval of her suggestion. "You know the conditions of the planet," Zaivi informed as she turned to walk in her desired direction. "I’m sure you’ll think of something," she said over her shoulder.
"Okay," Amalloy acquiesced as he began to follow her. "You’re the boss for now; but if things get dicey you’re on your own."
"I can handle myself," Zaivi alleged as her walk became a trot.
Amalloy found that it wasn’t hard keeping up with her. They traveled within the darkness at a slow jog, dodging trees and rocks that littered their way. Coming into a clearing was the last thing Amalloy expected, but there it was; not that there was any more light here than what they had just run through.
Just after he and Zaivi entered the darkness, an indicator light on the helmet faceplate held steady and then slowly blinked out. This told Amalloy that there was now no contact with Warden but it didn’t trouble him overly much since he had often found himself in situations and conditions where Warden was not necessary to the success of the mission. Up to this point he was in no danger although he was unsure about Zaivi.
He saw her stop ten yards into the clearing, turn to look at him as he was running behind, and wave her hand asking him to hurry. Suddenly a strafing of bullets pierced the darkness and something hit her right leg. Zaivi went down, but was up immediately, running, twisting, and turning as best as she could toward a stand of felled trees. The bullets continued to hit the ground behind her as she ran, but then she was quickly among the protection of the stumps and decked tree trunks.
At the sound of the projectiles hitting the ground and trees nearby, but before he had exited the tree line, Amalloy made a quick turn right and hit the button at his left elbow. Survival training directives recommend self-protection but to simultaneously take out whomever is attacking. Now that he was environ-shielded, he would be able to move among the trees easily without being seen. Thirty yards in, he thought he heard the sound of reloading; but of a single weapon. There was one attacker and he was close, and had no clue his position was being borne upon.
The quickness of Amalloy’s reaction in the battle, as if he were the target, caused him to forget all else. He had forgotten about the Felno until the thought came, ‘What direction had Zaivi taken?’ This thought brought him to a standstill and he turned to look behind him. "She can take care of herself. Humph," he muttered to himself as he remembered she had taken a hit to the leg. He retraced his steps near Zaivi previous position. Engaging the scanner at the back of his left hand in as wide a pattern as possible, he began to look for indications of life and found one, to the left about forty yards away and among a shelter of fallen trees. ‘Zaivi,’ he said to himself.
Turning to the right, Amalloy projected the scanner in the direction of the one who had fired upon himself and Zaivi, but found nothing. Moving cautiously and slowly out into the clearing so as not to overstep the bounds of his environ-shielding, the scanner indicated someone moving through the trees parallel to his position. Amalloy thought to himself, ‘He’s a sharp one. On the move just like the regulations dictate.’ When this thought had crossed his mind, he stopped, lowered his hand with the scanner, and stood blankly for a few moments as repercussions sank in. "He’s using the same patterns I use," Amalloy said aloud. He then continued, "He’s an Agent." As he followed this Tracker with the use of the scanner, he asked himself, ‘Why would the Toimist send another Agent?’
Turning to his left, he made his way back to the vicinity of the log shelter which currently but temporarily housed Zaivi. From this distance, Amalloy’s suit predicted a noticeable path through the tangled of downed trees which would allow him entry to get to her. He began to run, hit the ground and slid beneath the logs, ending up next to a startled Zaivi. As he stopped sliding, he pushed the button at his left elbow and decloaked his suit.
"You may have revealed my position by that noisy commotion, Amalloy," Zaivi screamed as she jerked away from him.
"I know," he panted breathlessly, "but it’s a chance I’ll have to take." Turning to look at her and asked, "Are you alright?" Without waiting for an answer, Amalloy looked out through the spaces of the logs and commented, "I know who that is."
"What?" Zaivi exclaimed.
He turned to look at her again and asked, "Are you alright?"
"Except for the scare you just gave me, yes," she retorted loudly. Zaivi pointed out into the brush and asked, "You know who that is?"
"Yes," Amalloy admitted looking through the bramble of logs. He paused and then cautioned, "Well, not exactly who," he clarified, "but I know where he is from and I think we can defeat him if we work together."
"I can take care of myself," Zaivi ascertained spitefully.
Amalloy reached out a hand, patted her arm, and simpered, "Now you’ll have to trust me." He smiled and cloaked his suit.
"What do you want me to do?" she volunteered.
"Stay right here and in three minutes, yell from the pain of your injuries," Amalloy advised.
"That won’t be a problem," Zaivi winced. "Where will you be," she asked, but got no reply.


Zaivi uncloaked her suit and smiled at Amalloy as he walked up with a body draped across his shoulder. "You are very good at what you do," she conceded.
"I’d be better if I could drop this extra weight," Amalloy piped through labored breathing. "I need to tell Pael he’s gained a few pounds." Amalloy stopped to shift the load he was carrying. He turned around so his burden’s head was directed toward Zaivi. "Let me introduce Pael Stahoh, Toimist Agent."
When Amalloy acted as if he were preparing to drop Pael onto the ground, Zaivi directed, "Don’t put him down yet," pointing toward her left, "we’re quite close to where we were headed." She began to limp toward the far side of the clearing.
"It better not be far," Amalloy complained loudly. "I don’t want to have to carry Pael and you and contend with the Tijgrys and his owner. I know I’m good, but I may not be that good." He shifted Pael’s body to a somewhat easier position and followed Zaivi through the trees; but, when she began to walk briskly, he complained, "Hey! Slow down up there. I’m carrying two and you’re beginning to run."
Zaivi laughed. "Did your complaining help when you went through Toimist training?" she teased.
"I’m just not going to like this girl," Amalloy muttered under his breath.
"What was that?" she taunted.
"Harrumph!" he muffled. Amalloy shifted the weight again and attempted to match her speed.
Thirty minutes later Zaivi slowed her pace and began to call, "K-k-k-fil-leee! K-k-k-fil-leee!"
Slowing to a walk, she began to call again, but Amalloy interrupted asking, "What do you think you’re doing?" Dropping Pael not too gently against a tree, he turned, grabbed her shoulders, and spun her around to face him. "That’s the same call your Felno tracker used to get the attention of the Tijgrys," he barked.
"Didn’t I ask you to trust me?" she asked moving in close and looking up at him.
Amalloy glared at her, but then his look softened. "You’re right," he submitted as he raised his hands and took two steps backwards, "You did ask that."
"Thank you," she countered sarcastically. Turning away from him, she again began to call, "K-k-k-fil-leee! K-k-k-fil-leee!"
From their left, from out of the darkness, loomed the Tijgrys, slowly walking. Behind the large creature emerged the Felno who controlled it. As Amalloy took a defensive posture, Zaivi turned to her left and painfully ran toward the pair, flung her arms up and around the creature’s neck, burying her helmeted face into its blue fur as it sat back on its haunches. Amalloy relaxed, but kept a wary eye on the two newcomers.
As soon as the Felno reached her, he greeted Zaivi with open arms which she fell into and enjoyed an elongated hug. Zaivi and the Felno looked at each other. The Felno cautiously glanced toward Amalloy, then back to Zaivi. She turned, looked at Amalloy, and smiled, and then turned back to the Felno. During these furtive glances, Amalloy could hear no conversation, but knew there was communication between the two. When the Felno pointed toward her leg, Zaivi stepped back and raised it as the Felno bent to examine the wounds. He then stood and hugged the girl and glanced back toward Amalloy.
Zaivi nodded, and then turned to Amalloy and said, "You are to enter the gidan." The Felno grasped Zaivi’s hand and the two of them walked into the darkness which shrouded the area.
The Tijgrys still sat on its haunches and stared at Amalloy. Not knowing what to do, Amalloy stared back and asked, "Am I to follow you?" The Tijgrys yawned, then stood on its four legs, and winked. "Well, fine, then," Amalloy conceded. Pointing with his thumb behind him, he said, "I’ll just go get my burden and bring him with me." Heading back to the tree where he left Pael, Amalloy picked him up, and adjusted his weight to better carry the unconscious Agent. Turning toward the Tijgrys, he indicated "After you." The Tijgrys turned and headed in the direction Zaivi and the Felno had taken and Amalloy reticently followed.


Nearly an hour later, a compound with several building came into view. They walked along the front of a long warehouse, turned right and walked to where several Felno stood near an entryway. As Zaivi and the Felno met, one said, "Welcome to the gidan." The Felno looked back at Amalloy, pointed at him, and those outside nodded; then the Felno and Zaivi entered the building.
When Amalloy entered, the indicators in his helmet began to blink and he heard Warden’s voice, "…you there? Agent, are you there?"
"Agent Quiss here, Warden," Amalloy responded, then continued, "Just a moment." Amalloy dropped Pael onto a chair along the left wall, propped him against the wall, and then exited the building. "Warden?" he asked. When he got no response, he again asked, "You there, Warden?" No response.
Walking back into the gidan, Amalloy noticed the indicators again began to blink. As he was taking off his helmet, he saw the Felno standing over Pael. Striding the few steps toward him, Amalloy grabbed the Felno by the arm and asked, "What are you doing?"
Shaking his arm free, the Felno explained, "The beacon ceases outside. We need not let others know you are here." He removed Pael’s helmet, turned toward Zaivi, and pointed between her and Amalloy.
Zaivi walked to Amalloy and explained, "Our equipment detected a locator beacon. We don’t need to let others know we are here."
"The beacon in my helmet began to blink as soon as I walked inside?" Amalloy asked raising the helmet to eye level. When he looked at Zaivi, she nodded.
As he finished speaking, the Felno grabbed Amalloy’s and Pael’s helmet, and left the building. Amalloy and Zaivi stood side by side looking toward the door the Felno had exited. When the Felno walked back into the building, he bellowed, "Not soon enough!" He then walked to a table near the rear door and began to enter keystrokes on a computer console.
Zaivi and Amalloy turned as the Felno brushed by them, following him with their eyes. "Who does your boyfriend think he is?" Amalloy asked with a sideways glance and a spiteful tone.
"He is Chieftain of this eludzie," Zaivi explained, "and he is Otec." She walked to the table and stood next to the Felno who was reading data on a hand pad.
"Of course he is," Amalloy retorted. He looked around the room, which was smaller than the building size would indicate. The wall against which he plumped Pael was empty except the chair where Pael slumped. Along the left side of the room into the corner was a terminal in front of which stood two Felno who were watching blips on a monitor. In the center of the wall directly across from the entrance was a doorway. Next to the doorway stood Zaivi and her Chieftain father, he handing her a datapad and she shaking her head. In the corner near them, was a table with several monitors. At each was a Felno either typing or observing. Along the right wall were several chairs in which Felno sat watching Zaivi, her Otec, and Amalloy.
"Oh, my head," came a raspy voice from the chair where Amalloy had dropped Pael. Amalloy turned to look toward the awaking Agent. When Pael realized his helmet was off, he tried to move his hands, but, finding that impossible, he took a deep breath and holding it, he asked, "Why can’t I move my arms and legs?"
"Pael," Amalloy called as he walked toward the agent. "You’ve been out for a bit. Glad to see you’ve recovered." Noticing Pael’s wide eyed look and lack of breathing, Amalloy explained, "The air is breathable here, so you have nothing to fear."
Being somewhat relieved, Pael slowly let out his breath and looked up at Amalloy. "What are we doing here?" he asked pensively.
"Sorry, Pael," Amalloy apologized unsympathetically. "You were in the way and I didn’t want you to get killed."
"What did you do to me?" Pael asked.
"There is a little known trick I learned on my third job, Pael," Amalloy explained. "When you follow Toimist methods and regulations, your opposition can get the jump on you. I anticipated where you’d be and when you came into view and settled in, I simply hit you in the jaw with a rock. Your helmet helped, too, because it kept your head steady so the brunt of the blow had its full effect."
"Why would you do that?" Pael asked in an incredulous tone.
"I needed you out of the way," Amalloy stated flatly.
"From doing my job?" Pael questioned. "Agent, Quiss! That’s what we’re trained to do!" he stated firmly.
"And I was doing mine," Amalloy countered. He paused and said, "But something doesn’t add up."
Pael stared up at Amalloy questioningly. "Why is that part of the equation?"
"Listen," Amalloy started. "We are not in the same department within the Toimist, but we should be on the same team, having the same goal."
Pael nodded and said, "Take out the perp." He began to shake his hands and arms as feeling returned.
Amalloy asked, "What was the description you were given for the perp?"
"Hardened spy; tough, rough, dangerous; given to hide in the shadows; treacherous and deceitful," Pael quipped, but it sounded like a narrative. "Avoid contact; get the job done and wait for pickup."
"What if the contract we’re after doesn’t fit the description?" Amalloy asked.
"You get the job done and let the Burex work out the details," Pael said matter of factly.
"That’s what I thought, too," Amalloy remarked. He walked around in front of Pael and leaned against the wall. "My last two jobs were not quite as cut and dried as I’d been told."
"What do you mean?" Pael asked, looking up toward Amalloy.
Amalloy stood away from the wall and bend over to look Pael directly in the eyes, "I’ve had the same portrayal for the past two jobs," he explained, "but the perp didn’t fit the profile." He stood erect, put a hand to his head and rubbed his temples. "The jobs got done, but something just didn’t feel right. Both were citizens of the Gradus Realms who stood opposed to the current Burex."
"I’m not sure you should be telling me this, Agent," Pael intimated. "My Com-link was quite adamant about this job getting done."
"Why would they send me and then place you further in to go after the same perp?" Amalloy asked.
"Are we after the same one?" Pael asked.
"See the Felno in the oversized suit?" Amalloy asked and pointed out Zaivi. Pael looked around Amalloy, caught a glimpse of the torn suit and nodded. "That’s the perp. The description you gave is the same as I received. Tracking her was the easiest ever, not like the description; no toughness, no roughness, and no treacherousness. As a matter of fact, there’s more innocence than deceit."
"Her intent could be fictive," Pael suggested. He began to move his shoulders in circles.
"I sense more inventive preoccupation in my Com-link than her."
"Still …" Pael started.
"You could be right, I suppose," Amalloy admitted. He paused thoughtfully and then said, "Even so, I’d like to see what this is about from their perspective; and," pointing at Pael he continued, "I’d like you there so you can put it in your report to verify what we find."
A door creaked open which caused Amalloy and Pael to look in the direction of the sound. From the door opposite the entrance a Felno entered and spoke aloud saying, "All is ready." The Chieftain looked at Zaivi and pointed toward Amalloy and Pael. He then turned and followed the others as they walked through the door.
Zaivi walked back to Amalloy and said, "Come with me." She then turned and walked toward the door; but stopped and looked back to check their progress. Amalloy grabbed Pael under an arm, lifted him to his feet, and mostly carried him through the door which Zaivi held open.


Zaivi stood and faced the group. "I carried this silicon round into our gidan as an effort to disrupt what is occurring within the Gradus Burex," she explained, "These scarfs, ripples, and streams point to Dusai infiltration of the Burex. We are determined to continue the commotion until we can get our cause before those who will agree to carry our plight forward."
"I can’t believe it," Pael protested as he shook his head. "You are rebels against the Gradus Realms and have brought me unwittingly into your cause. No wonder my Com-link was so adamant about getting this job done."
"The items on the round are considered genuine by the one who is our most ardent supporter," Zaivi asserted.
Amalloy demanded, "Where did you get this?"
Before Zaivi could answer, Pael suggested, "These can be fabricated."
"I suppose so," she considered, and then asked, "But why would anyone do so?"
"To confuse the issue," Pael responded sharply. He wobbled as he stood up from his chair to look at the group of Felno sitting around him.
"And what is the issue?" Zaivi asked. "What is at stake?"
"I’m still trying to piece things together, but I’ll think of something," Pael intimidated. He paused and looked from face to face and then accused, "You can’t be doing this because of the niceness of your kind."
After a moment of silence, Chieftain agreed. "You are right," he said. Standing away from the table he was sitting on he continued, "We do have our faults."
"We are victims of Dusai aggression, but we will not remain so," Zaivi declared.
Chieftain walked to where Amalloy sat, and pointed at him. "We are told you will help."
Amalloy had been deep in thought, but when Chieftain said those last words, he looked up and asked, "What do you mean by that?"
Chieftain looked at Zaivi and stated, "He doesn’t know."
"I will tell him, Otec," Zaivi said. Looking back at Amalloy, she explained, "We have a Gradus on the inside. He said you were to gather the round and get it to the investigative counsel."
"You have a what who said to do what?" Amalloy fairly exploded as he stood. Zaivi stepped backwards and several Felno seated around the room stood and moved closer to intercede on Zaivi’s behalf if necessary.
Chieftain, with a wave of his hand, cautioned them to back off. Zaivi calmly looked at Amalloy and explained, "We were waiting for your arrival, Amalloy. We were told to expect you."
Pael shook his head, and quipped, "You’ve been duped, Agent."
Zaivi looked at Pael, but ignored his comment and admitted, "Minister Hefflin told us told you can be trusted. Your last job is the proof."
Amalloy took a step toward Zaivi and pointed at her. "What do you know of my last job?" he demanded.
"Uncle Breiem said what?" Pael asked as he steadied himself.
"You think fully," Zaivi said to Amalloy. She walked to the terminal in the desk at the front of the room and began entering keystrokes. "You take time to work things out, but you think things through and come up with conclusions which lead to truth," she commented as she typed. Hitting the enter key, Zaivi turned and looked back at Amalloy as the wall revealed the likeness of a Gradus. "You will recognize him as a previous job," she stated.
When Pael saw the image, he gasped, "Wh…? You were sent … a … after him?" He looked at Amalloy with dread in his eyes and stuttered, "Amalloy, you couldn’t … you didn’t …" He abruptly sat, as if his legs would hold him no longer.
"You know this Gradus?" Chieftain pointed to the wall and asked of Pael.
"Y-y-es," Pael stammered. He put his hands to his face and began to sob, saying through the tears, "He is my Uncle, my mother’s brother. He cared for me after my father died, becoming like a father to me."
"It was a job, Pael," Amalloy said firmly, "that came down from higher echelons." He turned around and sat in the chair and looked at Pael. "My Com-link told me I was handpicked for that job," he admitted.
Pael looked up and accused, "And you did things the Toimist way, and eliminated my Uncle!" He again buried his face in his hands.
Amalloy walked toward Pael and cleared his throat. "That is not exactly true, Pael," he divulged slowly. "I don’t think I should be telling you any of this," he professed, and then paused. He sighed deeply and continued, "But it looks as if you know more than you should." Sighing again, Amalloy stated, "I did not kill Tyro Minister Shav Hefflin."
Pael’s head came up quickly. "You what?" he asked sharply as he wiped tears from his face.
"I was sent to get him off planet," Amalloy explained. "After he was put in the living container, a ship picked him up. From what you’ve confirmed, Pael, his home was set on fire. It was called a political assassination." Pointing his thumb over his shoulder at the image on the wall, he revealed, "Minister Hefflin is safely stowed in an undisclosed location."
With renewed energy, Pael stood and excitedly asked, "Where?"
"Even I don’t know that, Pael," Amalloy deterred as he folded his arms across his chest, "You know the Toimist viewpoint: no one person knows every detail. My job was to pack him in the crate to insure his life and ensure political opposition evidence was at the scene." He smiled and said, "Really simple."
Chieftain approached Amalloy without caution and emphasized, "You are the one we are looking for."
"Not really sure about that, sir," Amalloy replied.
"Minister Hefflin is our biggest backer in this endeavor," Chieftain confided. "He continues interest in activities."
Zaivi approached to stand beside her father. "What do we do about Pael?" she asked.
"If this news is true, and I have no reason to doubt you," Pael assured, turning to the three standing together, "I’m all in," he nodded, and continued, "whatever this is about."







































Chapter 3:

Amalloy Quiss and Pael Stahoh track a third Tracker. After contact is made, lights in the night sky reveal they are being tracked.


"Minister Hefflin continues to send coded updates. He monitors activities," revealed the Felno Chieftain standing next to Amalloy Quiss.
Zaivi approached her father and Amalloy and asked, "What do we do about Pael?" Before either could speak, she continued, "He’s seen all and could interfere with activities."
"Do you have proof Uncle Breiem is alive?" Pael asked.
Turning to look toward Pael, Amalloy nodded and acknowledged Pael’s question. "Can you prove to Pael his uncle is alive?" Amalloy asked of Zaivi. "If neither my word nor your word is good enough, maybe his Uncle’s would be."
Zaivi looked hard at Amalloy, but her father took her by the chin and gently turned her head toward him. Their silent communication took a moment and when she spoke again, Zaivi was compliant. "I will work on contacting him, but he may not reply," she replied to Amalloy. Turning, she began speaking with several Felno standing nearby. They walked to a monitoring station at which several others were gathered.
"What was that about, that …ah… silent communication?" Amalloy asked.
"It is our way," Chieftain stated plainly. He turned to Pael and asked, "What is the proof?"
Pael looked at Amalloy and then down at the floor. "This is embarrassing," he said shyly. He looked back at Amalloy and whispered, "It is something only he and I would know."
"Don’t tell me," Amalloy insisted waving his hands at Pael, "I’m not related to you." He pointed at Zaivi. "Tell them."
As Pael walked toward Zaivi and those gathered at the console, a sudden flurry of activity occurred in another corner of the room. Several Felno turned and hurried toward Chieftain. "Someone has been landed," one said.
"How long ago?" Chieftain asked.
"Not that long, but…" the Felno started.
Amalloy interrupted by leaning around the Felno and shouting, "Pael! Time to earn our dedication to the cause!"
He turned toward the door but Chieftain stood between him and the exit. Pointing at Amalloy’s face he indicated, "We can fit breathers."
"Wouldn’t work," Amalloy replied. "I’ve been breathing through my mouth all my life. Not sure I could do otherwise as I run." Turning around, Amalloy found Pael and Zaivi still speaking together. He shouted, "Pael! Let’s move!"
Pael looked in his direction and barked, "Alright, Amalloy!"
Looking back at Chieftain, Amalloy pointed at his own head and insisted, "We’ll need our helmets."
Chieftain turned to a Felno standing nearby, who nodded and exited the room. "They will retrieve," he affirmed.
"You’ll have to explain to me how you do that," Amalloy remarked to Chieftain as he watched the two Felno leave.
"But not today," Chieftain said.
Pael and Zaivi walked toward Amalloy and Pael asked, "You clear on that?" She nodded and he insisted, "Good. No one else can know." Moving through the chairs and upon reaching Amalloy, Pael added, "That will prove they are really talking with Uncle Breiem."
Heading for the door, Amalloy asked, "Who has an Uncle Breiem?"
"I do," Pael said, as he walked through the door with Amalloy.
"You know what that means?" Amalloy asked as they moved into the outer room.
"Of course I do," Pael blurted in a flustered tone. He then snapped, "It isn’t polite to poke fun, so forget it."
"I won’t mention it again," Amalloy sassed smiling, "Consider it forgotten."
When Amalloy and Pael approached the outer entrance, one of the Felno who had been sent to retrieve the helmets pointed at the doors and advised, "Breathe deep and step outside. Ollin has your helmets."
Looking at Pael, Amalloy asked, "Ready?" When Pael nodded, they took deep breaths, and stepped outside. A rush of wind hit their faces and the stench of the atmosphere penetrated their nostrils. Shaking their heads offensively, Amalloy and Pael quickly grabbed their helmets from Ollin standing outside the door, and slipped them over their heads. They helped each other lock the kapton-coated seal and, when their helmets were secure, breathed in pure oxygen the helmet and suit produced.
Pael squinched up his face. "I was told it was bad, but I didn’t know it was that bad."
"I as well," Amalloy replied shaking his head. Turning to Ollin he asked, "Direction?"
"Follow the path." Ollin pointed to his left.
"Right," Amalloy said.
Patting Pael on the shoulder, Amalloy asked, "You think you can keep up?"
Pael flexed his body and then quipped, "My body is recovering, so I will do the best I can." Amalloy turned and started off in the indicated direction and Pael trotted behind him. "Can these, ah…," Pael began to ask.
"…Felno be trusted?" Amalloy finished the question. He answered the question by saying, "Yes, the Felno appear very trustworthy." Looking over at Pael, he quipped, "The real question is can we trust you." Amalloy returned to watching the path they were on and continued, "You were quite adamant about finishing a Toimist assignment so saying Minister Hefflin is your Uncle could be a ruse."
"He is my Uncle," Pael insisted without hesitation, "and if he is alive, I am fully on board with whatever you are doing."
"Why would it matter so much?" Amalloy asked.
"When my mother heard Uncle Breiem had died, she became inactive and then unresponsive. I had to send her to a place that would care for her," Pael explained. He then smiled, "Telling her Uncle Breiem is alive will revive her and I’ll be able to take her to my home."
"Your Uncle is alive," Amalloy confirmed, "I just don’t know where he is. The Felno may tell you his location, but I’m not sure I would; it may jeopardize his cover."
"When they tell me the answer to my question," Pael panted, "that will be enough." He smiled and said, "I can then tell mother and she will revive."
Amalloy and Pael trotted along building fronts set at the path’s edge, but soon came to a large looming structure interrupting their forward progress. Slowing to a walk so they could clearly identify the footpath, they turned left and continued into the woods.


Amalloy and Pael had been jogging the semi-worn overgrown dirt path for twenty minutes. "How are we going to find whoever it is who has been placed?" Pael asked. "We have a whole planet…"
Amalloy interrupted, "We have these," he indicated as he raised his right arm and pointed to the scanner attached to the back of his left hand.
"What I meant was," Pael said in an exasperated tone, "how are we to identify ‘whoever’ with such a large planet to search?"
"How did you get dropped so close to my location?" Amalloy asked.
"I was told it would not be exact because of atmospheric conditions," Pael replied.
"The atmosphere does hinder accuracy, that’s for sure," Amalloy agreed, "but you were placed quite close to Zaivi." He thought for a moment and then asked, "What was the source of the findings to drop you where you landed?"
"A weak intermittent contact was followed," Pael replied. "I can only assume it was you since my Com-link didn’t give me a lot of details."
"That is suspicious. My signal has been untraceable and it wasn’t until we entered the building that the signal transmitted."
"My Com-link used an enhancer which boosted the signal," Pael explained. His breathing was beginning to become labored because of their pace.
"Where is the enhancer?" Amalloy asked.
"On planet," Pael said. He stopped and bent over with his hands on his knees and then asked of Amalloy, "Can we slow down a bit? That clock on the head is taking a toll on my energy."
Amalloy had run several paces ahead, but stopped and walked back to where Pael was recovering his breathlessness. "No problem," he said, and then asked, "On planet you say?"
Suddenly there was a plaintively booming voice asking in an aggravated tone, "Exactly where am I?" Amalloy and Pael looked around toward the direction of the voice.
Not wanting to give away their position, Amalloy whispered to Pael, "Seems like we didn’t have to go too far." Pointing further into the brush, he continued in hushed tones, "You stay on the path until you get close to whoever that is." As he circled his left arm toward the left, he added, "I’ll go around, but do not move in until you get my whistle."
Pael nodded and whispered, "Right." He raised his right hand and a weapon slid out of its pouch.
"This darkness is greater than I was told!" the voice complained with great irritation.
Amalloy and Pael looked at each other and Pael whispered, "This is the worst tracker in the history of bounty hunting or he really wants to get found."
"But we cannot take the chance," Amalloy said with determination. He waved Pael forward and then moved off the trail to his left at a stealthy walk in order to come opposite the individual who was loudly voicing complaints. As soon as Amalloy was sure he was out of Pael’s vision, he depressed the button at his left elbow and the environ-shielding blended him into the surroundings so he could move easily without being detected.
A blast of light in a small clearing to Amalloy’s right momentarily brightened the darkness. This was followed by a loud yelp. "Blast it! That hurt!" the voice squealed. There was silence. Then the voice loudly raised an objection, "Now my corona-beam is broken." Silence again.
Amalloy continued to circle around the complainant’s location. As he got closer, he saw through the thickets an individual sitting against a tree stump throwing small pieces of wood against a log a short distance away. After each throw, he would look at the back of his left hand. ‘Maybe he is smarter than we suspect,’ Amalloy thought to himself. In order to make a more strategic surprise entry, he moved further away and prepared to give Pael the ‘advance’ code.
A whistle pierced the silence and Pael dashed in from the left where he found a figure lounging at the base of a tree stump throwing small pieces of wood at a log a short distance away. The figure was dressed as he, and the insignia on his helmet clearly indicated he was the ranking agent. When Pael hastened into the clearing, the lounger jumped to his feet and ordered, "Stand at attention in the presence of your superior, Agent!" Pael, taken totally by surprise at this command, snapped to attention.
Amalloy made his way in from the right and found Pael standing at attention before an individual who was poking him in the chest with a finger. "I surely didn’t expect to find you here, Agent Stahoh," the individual was saying, "This is indeed a surprise." Amalloy soundlessly entered the small clearing and the man asked, "Wouldn’t you agree, Agent Quiss?" Amalloy stopped moving forward. "You should decloak, Agent," the Gradus commanded.
Amalloy depressed the button at his elbow disengaging his environ-shielding and spoke to Pael. "We are in the field. Rank structure is not obeyed." Pael looked at Amalloy without turning his head, returned his gaze to the individual standing before him, and did not relax. Amalloy glared at this unfamiliar individual and asked, "And you are?"
"Vaeldar Agent Mett Dileer," the Gradus introduced himself in Pael’s direction and then turned to face Amalloy. He nodded toward Pael and asked, "What are you doing here with Agent Stahoh when I expected to find you alone, Agent Quiss?"
"He and I are working a case, Agent Dileer," Amalloy said sternly.
"Then you obviously don’t know Agent Stahoh," Mett shot back.
"He’s an Agent of the Toimist, Agent Dileer," Amalloy informed forcefully clenching his fists and leaning forward.
Mett stepped his left foot forward, pointed a finger at Amalloy, and harshly asked, "Do you know his target, Agent Quiss?"
"What kind of agent would I be if I didn’t, Agent Dileer," Amalloy heatedly countered as he took a step forward.
Mett raised his voice and his hands as he expressed, "He’s working for the opposition."
"He’s changed his mind!" Amalloy fairly shouted.
Mett stepped back and raised his hands in submission. "Okay, Quiss. Let’s spiral this back a few notches," he suggested in an effort to lessen tensions. "I’ve heard of your violent disposition, but I also know your Com-link speaks highly of you."
"How would you know my Com-link, Agent Dileer," Amalloy vehemently retorted without backing down.
"Your Com-link is my Com-link," Mett admitted.
"Oh?" Amalloy questioned. "And why should I believe you?" His voice was clearly embittered.
"You so need this upgrade!" exclaimed Mett raising his hands, then dropping them and at the same time rolling his eyes.
"What does an upgrade have to do with this?" Amalloy asked without reducing his forward stance. "Perhaps it is you who is working with the opposition," he stated raising his left hand and pointing at Mett.
"This has gone far enough, Agent Quiss," Mett demanded. "You will calm down or I’ll shoot you myself!"
"I’ve been shot at several times today already," Amalloy declared.
"You mean that blast from the Disperse Gun?" Mett questioned. He laughed. "That miss was the work of an amateur. You would not have gotten away if I was on the trigger," he affirmed and laughed again.
"Let’s do this right now, then," Amalloy provoked. As he moved his right hand forward a gun slid out of its pouch and into the palm of his hand. When he saw the weapon, Pael broke attention and ran to the back of the tree stump Mett had been resting against.
"I have no interest in proving who has a bigger gun, Agent Quiss," Mett opined as he backed up and raised his hands in the air. "I’ve been authorized to tell you this much, though, in case you get to thinking with your hot-headed emotions: The job you are on is to bring you face to face with the Felno."
Amalloy’s arm stopped mid-swing before his weapon was aimed at Mett, but his eyes never left Mett’s face. What stopped him was not the lack of fear in his opponent’s eyes, but what he had just said. "I should shoot you just for saying that!" he exploded, pointing at Mett with his left hand.
"But you won’t, Agent," Mett said calmly and lowered his arms, "because you’re curious to know how and what I know."
"That much is right, Agent Dileer," Amalloy quipped. As he lowered his arm, the weapon disarmed and slid into its pouch. Taking a step forward, he asked, "Exactly what is it you know?"
Mett cautiously reached into an arm pocket and brought out a small round object, holding it up for Amalloy to see. "This silicon encased information round will reveal more to you than I have time to tell," he divulged as he tossed it to Amalloy. "There is too much at stake to wait for you to get to Toimist Central and we need to act quickly because of opposition pressure."
Amalloy caught and looked at the semi-transparent object, and more calmly asked, "Is this what those cloud-brains figured out?" He then looked at Pael, who was standing beside the tree trunk, before returning his gaze to Mett. "Pael and I are on a mission," he coolly explained as he uncapped the central button of the chest plate. "You are that mission," Amalloy disclosed and, as he placed the object into the revealed receptacle, continued, "We were on our way to rid the planet of whatever had landed, which I can only assume is you."
As Amalloy replaced the cap, Mett stated, "That upgrade is a good reason for not doing that."
Amalloy nodded at Pael and asked Mett, "You have an upgrade for him?"
"I didn’t expect to find him here; but even if I did, why would you want to give upgrades to one who is working for the opposition within the Toimist?" Mett asked with a sense of incredulity.
"As I said, he’s changed his mind," Amalloy stated firmly, "and I believe him."
"Your monitor visuals should go blank, Quiss," Mett offered, "but they will flash back on quickly."
Just after Mett spoke, Amalloy’s helmet visuals went blank, but they came back quickly. Symbols began to appear which turned into shapes and codes that indicated environment and tracking protocols. An additional field located itself below the body heat indicator stating “Environ-Shielding” and scrolled through an explanation of the technology necessary to track environ-shielding before settling on a gauge which pulsed with an outline and blinked out. "So that is how you knew where I was," Amalloy stated. When Mett nodded, Amalloy said, "That could be handy."
"There are other systems which will be upgraded as time passes, but nothing you should worry yourself about," Mett explained, "It’s just routine." He smiled and walked back to Pael who had returned to standing at attention. "This one here," he said to Amalloy, "has the conduct of a mindless Nakpas. He obeys the rules without attention to their validity." Mett patted Pael on the back and sneered, "I know what I’d like to do with him." He smiled with suggestive grin.
"Then it is a good thing he is with me and you have nothing to say about it," Amalloy cautioned.
Mett turned abruptly and snapped, "I am the ranking Agent here, Agent Quiss."
"But as you know, Agent Dileer," Amalloy reminded, "There is no rank when in the field."
"Yes, I do," Mett submitted. He walked toward Amalloy and asked, "So what are we going to do with Pael?"
A nearby rustling brought all three agents into alert status. Amalloy hit the button at his left elbow, but the environ-shielding would not engage. Mett did the same and was immediately shielded. Pael watched as Mett seemed to disappear and Amalloy repeatedly pushed at his left elbow several times before dashing behind a tree to his right leaving Pael out in the open.
As Amalloy moved to his right, he turned his back against the tree and glanced into the area which had been occupied by the three agents. He looked back and forth to find an antagonist, but saw none. The environ-shielding indicator on his face-plate lit up signifying Mett crouching in an area of shrubs as if awaiting an enemy to overrun his position. Pael, who had no shielding that Amalloy knew of, just stood firm and engaged his weapon. Amalloy’s suit indicated Pael’s and Mett’s weapons were fully charged and armed, but also indicated no adversary nearby.
‘Quite odd,’ Amalloy thought. Moving his left hand around the tree trunk, he aimed the recorder in a wide area and saw only Mett’s and Pael’s heat signatures. He turned in the opposite direction and, as he readied the recorder, he saw a familiar shadow that was out of range but closing. Amalloy relaxed and called to Mett and Pael, "Nothing to fear; its Zaivi." He disengaged his recorder and walked to the front of the tree he had been standing behind.
What he didn’t see on his readout was the Tijgrys which suddenly appeared in the center of the clearing near where Mett was squatting. The animal turned and winked at him, then positioned itself and swatted at Mett’s position. Amalloy watched the indicator on his faceplate as it showed Mett’s heat signature fly through the air and disappear from his faceplate. The Tijgrys turned as if to chase after what had been sent flying when Pael’s weapon discharged sending a bullet completely through the creature, which held up its jump and turned toward the attack.
Amalloy watched as the animal became semi-transparent and the bullet transition through it and struck the tree where he was standing. The animal pounced toward Pael and a second shot was fired, and again the bullet went completely through the creature, but this one struck Amalloy in the right shoulder spinning him with such force that he careened into a tree several feet behind him and fell face first onto the forest floor. Pael, on the other hand, was unable to move as several hundred pounds of Tijgrys pounced upon him.


Amalloy heard a voice calling deep in his subconscious, "Amalloy! Amalloy! Are you hurt!" Zaivi was attempting to turn him over when he came to.
At the same time, he heard another voice. "Ah, so there you are, Agent," it said in his ear. "This is Warden and I’ve been trying to reach you to give you a warning." Warden paused and then asked, "Why is it I see only dirt?" He paused again and then asked, "Who is that calling your name?"
"That’s Zaivi," Amalloy explained, "and my shoulder hurts." As Zaivi attempted to revive him, she grabbed his shoulder to turn him over which brought an abrupt and loud "Owwww" issuing from his lips. Amalloy then yelled, "Gently! Please!" Zaivi let go of his shoulder, crossed over to his other side, grabbed under his arm, and rolled him over. As he looked up he saw flashes of light as her face came into focus. "Hello, beautiful," Amalloy babbled and smiled.
"Thanks for the compliment," Warden chided. He then asked, "Agent, are you aware enough to wipe a hand across your visor?"
"Yes," Amalloy said, "Anything for you, gorgeous." He reached with his left hand and wiped across his visor.
"I’m recording this conversation for later, otherwise no one will believe these compliments you’re giving me," Warden chuckled. As Amalloy looked up into the face of Zaivi, Warden said, "So that is what you look like… and I can’t record this now."
Coming into Amalloy’s view beyond Zaivi was Chieftain. He knelt down at Amalloy’s head and poked a finger directly into the wound. Amalloy’s response was to yell, "Just what do you think you are doing!" Immediately his head was clear and he felt no disorientation.
"You’ve been shot," Zaivi explained with pain in her voice as she knelt beside him.
"Tell me something I don’t know," Amalloy yelled to Zaivi sarcastically.
"A third Gradus is laying face down quite a distance away." Zaivi explained as she pointed in the direction.
"Oh?" Amalloy asked.
"Tijgrys is sitting on Pael," she answered.
"Sit me up," he demanded. Chieftain complied by removing his finger from the shoulder wound and, standing up behind him, dragging Amalloy by the shoulders and set him to rest against the tree which had previously stopped his progress. Zaivi walked over and crouched next to Amalloy. "Pael shot me," he complained looking at Zaivi and pointing toward Pael with his left hand. Looking back toward Pael he asked, "How could he miss at such close range?"
"I see you’ve met Agent Dileer," Warden divulged. "He’s a bit power hungry, but a good Gradus."
"Agent Power Hungry?" Amalloy asked. "How would you know?"
"If we’re talking, you’ve met Agent Dileer," Warden declared.
Amalloy insisted. "He’s not the main thing I’ve seen today which I have to mentally process."
"I am here to help you process whatever is misunderstood, Agent," Warden offered.
"Did you know that Pael shot me?" Amalloy asked.
"He must have had a very good reason," Warden quipped.
Zaivi asked, "Why would he do that?"
"He missed a point blank shot at a Tijgrys which can apparently go transparent," Amalloy explained. "That is the part I need to process."
"It is our way," Chieftain announced.
"You have transparent animals?" Amalloy asked looking up at Chieftain.
"Among other things," Chieftain said. He looked at Zaivi who immediately jumped up and ran to the Tijgrys and then crouched beside Pael. The Tijgrys stood up from its perch on Pael and walked over to Chieftain. Looking back to Amalloy, Chieftain asked, "Is he friend or foe?"
Before Amalloy could open his mouth to speak, he heard Warden’s voice, "He is friend, Agent. Tell the Felno ‘he is friend.’"
Amalloy repeated the phrase from Warden word for word and Chieftain looked at the Tijgrys. After a moment, the Tijgrys immediately bounded off into the forest. Amalloy said to Chieftain, "You’re going to have to tell me how you do that."
"But not today," Chieftain said. He then asked, "Can you stand?"
Amalloy nodded. "I can stand." In his attempt to get to his feet, he stumbled and then tumbled to the ground laying face up.
Chieftain knelt beside Amalloy and again poked a finger directly into his shoulder wound. This time Amalloy felt nothing except a tingling near the wound’s center. As Chieftain withdrew his finger from the wound, at the tip was a bullet which was dropped into the palm of Amalloy’s left hand. "The wound will heal now," he announced, "but leave a scar."
Once the bullet was removed, Amalloy immediately gained strength. "Help me up," he suggested to Chieftain who stood, reached out a hand, and pulled Amalloy up. As he stood, he looked toward Zaivi and saw she was helping Pael to stand.
Pael walked over to Amalloy and admitted, "Sorry about shooting you, Amalloy." He then pointed in the direction the Tijgrys had departed and asked, "Did you see those bullets go right through that creature?"
"Yes, I did," Amalloy said, "And that’s something I’m still trying to process."
Looking back at Zaivi, Pael informed him, "Uncle Breiem is alive. Zaivi just told me."
"That is good news?"
As Pael nodded and smiled, Warden asked, "Who is Agent Stahoh speaking of?"
"His Uncle Breiem Hefflin," Amalloy explained, "who he has discovered is alive."
"Minister Hefflin?" Warden asked in a whisper.
"The same."
"I am with you whatever this is about," Pael stated firmly. "You have my word."
"Ask him if he’s been contacted by his Com-link!" Warden demanded.
"Have spoken with your Com-link?" Amalloy asked.
"Not yet," Pael replied.
"Can you give him your upgrade agate?" Warden asked.
"Yes," Amalloy affirmed.
"Do so, and the quicker the better," Warden ordered. "There is information within its contours which will explain what Minister Hefflin is both attempting and up against."
"His Com-link will know where he is," Amalloy argued.
"But he will not be able to contact him," Warden stated.
"I follow," Amalloy said. He reached to the button on his suit, twisted off the cap, and withdrew the information round. Turning to Pael and, pointing to the chest plate of his suit, directed, "Insert this into your upgrade spooler."
Pael took the round and looked at it. "I haven’t seen one of these since I first trained with Toimist," he said. Taking the cap off the central button of the chest plate, he inserted the round and then replaced the cap.
"Your suit should go dark for a few moments," Amalloy explained, "but then everything will relaunch."
"Everything went dark," Pael said and then asked, "Now what?"
"Tell him he will hear from me," Warden directed.
"You will hear from my Com-link after your suit restores," Amalloy explained to Pael. "You may not like the sound of his voice though."
"Don’t tell him that, Amalloy," Warden warned. "He will be bothered enough when he learns what he’s gotten himself into." Before Amalloy could respond, Warden said, "Okay, he’s connected to me."
Suddenly there was a roar of an engine as an aircraft passed nearly overhead, its lights fanning back and forth. Chieftain grabbed Zaivi and moved to stand under the nearest tree. "Get out of sight," he yelled toward Amalloy and Pael. They then ran toward Zaivi and Chieftain to stand under the tree.
Looking upward and following the trajectory of the vehicle, Amalloy asked, "Where did that come from?"
"What was it?" Warden asked.
"A DN-05-14," Pael explained as he looked in the direction the ship had flown.
"You sure?" Amalloy asked looking at Pael.
"I’ve not been an agent for that many missions, but I know vehicles by their sound," Pael affirmed.
"It isn’t on my inventory," Warden stated.
"It is a Dusai craft," Pael explained. "My Com-link insisted I get to know their transports as part of my training."
"We must get better cover," Chieftain insisted. "Heat signatures may be seen as hominid by their tracking." Turning toward a path, he insisted, "Come," and started off through the forest, followed by Zaivi and Pael.
"Wait a minute," Amalloy delayed, and the three stopped and looked at him. "What about Dileer?" he asked. "Tijgrys went after him and they haven’t returned."
Zaivi looked at Chieftain as he looked at her. "Yes," Chieftain said. Putting a hand to his temple, he shut his eyes and was still for a moment. "Tijgrys is waiting for him to awaken."
Amalloy sighed, "Okay, I’ll go get him." Pointing to Chieftain, Amalloy directed, "Tell Tijgrys to wait and lead us back to where you are taking us."
Before Amalloy had the opportunity to move, the Dusai aircraft again buzzed overhead, but further away and returning in the direction from which it had come. This brought the four to again seek cover under the tree. Pael said, "They are using a Ramas Pattern and moving away from us, but that means they’ll be back."













Chapter 4:

Amalloy Quiss, Pael Stahoh, and Mett Dileer agree to eliminate the Dusai tracker.


The aircraft roaring nearly overhead fanning searchlights back and forth caused Chieftain to grab Zaivi to ensure she stand under the nearest tree. "Get out of sight," Zaivi yelled to Amalloy and Pael. Together they ran to stand under the tree which protected Zaivi and her father.
"It is a Dusai DN-05-14," Pael indicated, looking upward to watch the craft travel overhead.
"We must seek better cover," Chieftain insisted and turned in the direction they had come.
Amalloy reached out a hand toward Chieftain, "Wait," he said and then asked, "What about Deleer? And where is the Tijgrys?"
Putting a hand to his temple, Chieftain shut his eyes and was still for a moment’ he then asserted, "Yes. Tijgrys is waiting for him to awaken."
"That’s not good," Amalloy stated shaking his head. He sighed and continued, "Okay, I’ll get him." Pointing to Chieftain, Amalloy directed, "Tell Tijgrys to wait and lead us back."
Before Amalloy had the opportunity to move, the Dusai aircraft buzzed overhead, but further away and returning in the direction from which it had come. This brought the four to again seek cover. Pael informed, "They are using a Ramas Pattern. They’ll be back, but further away until the search area is completely saturated."
"Well, then," Amalloy sighed, "I better get moving." He hit the button at his left elbow, but nothing happened. "How long is that going to take to get upgraded?" he asked no one in particular. Amalloy then turned toward the general direction he had seen Mett flying through the air.
"Tijgrys is waiting," Chieftain called as Amalloy began to jog in the direction Tijgrys had leapt and bounded after Mett.
"Be back soon," Amalloy called without looking back.


As he traveled the wooded and rocky area, Amalloy had to stop and find shelter as the Dusai spacecraft made its occasional passes. Even though it was further away, he couldn’t risk a splayed beam catching him out in the open. He knew a Ramas Pattern was meant for a two ship search starting in close proximity and spreading outward until what was being searched for was found. The fact that only one ship was searching meant there would be more time for him to gather Mett and cross into already searched areas to return to the Felno.
Finding Mett was proving harder than expected, so Amalloy searched by using the Kopekka Pattern using the trees as protection from the prying beams from the Dusai ship. Going out further than the forty feet Zaivi had indicated, he backtracked to where he and Pael had first encountered Mett without finding anything. Turning again toward the presumed area Tijgrys and Mett would be, he went first to the right and then to the left about twenty feet in both direction.
It was about fifty feet out and to the left that Amalloy encountered Tijgrys lounging on a rock in the middle of a thickly brushed area. Walking around the animal several times seeking Mett, looking back and forth in the surrounding area, he walked up to the animal, whose head was as high as Amalloy was tall, and looked into its eyes. The creature yawned and then slowly arose on its front paws to reveal Agent Mett Dileer beneath its belly.
"Well," Amalloy admitted as he put his hands on his hips. "You have done Agent Dileer a service which will be great to explain once he awakens." The animal, whose head was now higher than Amalloy was tall, winked at the man standing before him. "Move!" Amalloy ordered, pointing away from where the creature sat, but it shook its massive head and looked skyward. Amalloy, too, glanced up yet saw nothing; but then heard the sound of the Dusai ship returning to its search.
"Okay," he agreed with the animal and reached up, patting it on the shoulder, "I like your style." Looking to his left and then to the right, Amalloy found a place where he was protected from the ships searchlights. As he dodged into the space, the creature again lowered its body over Agent Dileer and lowered its head. Amalloy, looking back to where the animal covered Mett, saw nothing, no animal and no Dileer. For a moment he was surprised, but then he relaxed, hit the button at his left elbow and found the environ-shielding fully operational.


The ship seemed to travel slower as it continued its search, which to Amalloy meant there was someone on board who barked with authority. It also meant the return to the Felno site would go slower than expected. He couldn’t trust that there was an environ-shielding tracking device on board so chose to duck into the shadows of the trees to avoid the searchlights. Doing so made it difficult to stay in sight of Tijgrys who casually trotted nearby and occasionally disappeared completely. The animal turned left and Amalloy, carrying his burden, did the same. The path turned right and Amalloy recognized the large long building which he and Pael had noticed on their way out.
Soon, with Tijgrys in the lead and Amalloy carrying Mett, they neared the entrance to the Felno gidan where they were met by Ollin. At the entrance, Tijgrys leapt to the roof of the building and Ollin indicated Amalloy to take a breath before he removed both agents’ helmets. Amalloy took a deep breath and Ollin removed the helmets and then ushered Amalloy and his encumbrance through the door. Once inside Amalloy took a deep breath of clean air and deposited Mett in the chair along the wall to the left of the room, the same chair in which he had placed Pael.
As Mett was deposited onto the chair, he sneezed, looked up at Amalloy, and asked, "What was that horrid odor?"
"The lovely aromatic bouquet of Vadus 22," Amalloy said sarcastically.
"Whew!" Mett exclaimed as he waved a hand in front of his nose. "One whiff of that would awaken a tzyn."
"That’s why you’re awake," Amalloy returned and smiled.
Mett shook his head, looked around, and asked, "What happened?"
"You came face to face with a Tijgrys and lived," Amalloy explained.
"Really?!" Mett declared, more sarcastically than questioning. He looked at Amalloy and saw he was smiling. "You got a real kick out of that, huh?" Mett asked.
"Yes, I did," Amalloy replied emphatically. "To see your heat signature flying through …"
Pael walked over to Amalloy and Mett and interrupted, "We’re not out of the woods yet." Jerking a thumb back toward where Zaivi and her father were pouring over several monitors, he continued, "They’ve attempted to call in other ships. The Felno are jamming communications hoping they’ve blocked outgoing transmissions."
"What about the beacon on planet that guided you?" Amalloy asked.
"It’s still here," replied Pael, "and we’re going to have to find it and shut it down." He looked back toward the group of Felno standing around the corner table. He continued, "And soon."
"Why so imperative?" asked Mett. He had slightly recovered and was attempting to stand on his own.
"My Com-link hasn’t heard from me in several hours," Pael explained. Pointing toward the distance, he continued, "In that DN-05-14 will be a link to my Com-link, who hopes to reach me. Shutting down the beacon will possibly keep him and others from finding us." Turning to look toward Zaivi, he continued, "We have to do what we can to protect these who are warning against dangers to come."
"Where would we start the search?" Amalloy asked.
Pael looked upward and then said, "Back where I first saw Zaivi." Looking again at Amalloy, he continued, "I hadn’t dropped in too far from where the beacon was."
In the distance came a sound like strafing gunfire followed by explosions. The front door opened and Ollin entered at a run. Everyone in the room looked toward him as he skidded to a stop and exclaimed, "They’ve hit the vapens sklad!" Several more explosions occurred in swift succession and the room emptied to gawk at the damage. Pael and Mett delayed going outside until Amalloy had found their helmets. The three hurriedly put them on, locked the kapton-coated seal, and exited through the outermost door.
Once outside to their right they saw the large structure afire as pockets of oxygen in the atmosphere around the building exploded with burning energy and then cease as the oxygen was depleted. Other explosions occurred as the fire burned close to munitions and ignited rounds.
Chieftain gave orders to several Felno who then dashed toward the building. He himself shook his head back and forth and then raised a fist toward the sky before dashing toward the burning building.
Above the building to the farthest corner was the DN-05-14 as it hovered nearby examining its handiwork, its search lights passing back and forth over that corner of the burning building. Amalloy exclaimed, "We’ve got to get that ship!" He turned to Pael and asked, "Would you know the best way to do that?"
"You’re going to trust him to tell you?" Mett asked, tugging on Amalloy’s arm and pointing toward Pael.
Amalloy look at Mett and said harshly, "Listen, Mett," he shook his arm free, "If you don’t lighten up, I’m going to get Tijgrys to knock you out again." As Mett’s hand dropped from Amalloy’s arm, he stepped back. Amalloy looked toward Pael and asked, "Well?"
"I just know their configuration and numerical identifications, not how they run," Pael defended.
"See, he’s hiding something," Mett said with suspicion, as he pointed at Pael.
Amalloy looked at Mett, but said nothing. Pael pointed toward the ship and exclaimed, "Its landing!" As he did so, both Amalloy and Mett looked toward the building and saw the ship disappear behind the warehouse.
"Now’s our chance," Amalloy insisted. Looking at Mett, he stated, "You’re the only holdout, Mett. Pael and I are going after whoever is in that ship and then we’re destroying it." Tapping a finger on Mett’s chest plate, he declared, "You’re either with us or against us. If you’re with us, we get that ship. If you’re against us, I call for the Tijgrys. Either way, its up to you and you’ve got no time to decide." Taking two steps toward the warehouse, Amalloy turned around and asked, "Well?"
"Since you put it that way," Mett mumbled as he shrugged his shoulders.
"Good. Let’s go!" Amalloy exclaimed. The three turned and ran toward the burning building and the ship which was landing on its further side. When they reached the front corner of the burning warehouse, Amalloy, Mett, and Pael knelt to confer. "By now," Amalloy informed, "the ship has landed." Looking at Pael he asked, "What is its compliment of soldiers?"
"It isn’t that big," Pael explained. "Maybe three and the pilot," he shrugged his shoulders, "but I’m only guessing."
"Then we’ll work based on three," Amalloy suggested, "and if there’s four, we’ll face that one together."


Amalloy and Mett were dragging a Dusai warrior by its feet toward the Felno gidan. Pael was limping slightly behind with his weapon trained on a Gradus wearing a pilot’s suit. As they neared the main entrance, Ollin indicated he needed the helmets of each of them; but then, looking at the Dusai, exclaimed, "He has no helmet!" Amalloy and Mett dropped the feet they were holding.
"Their nasal system filters out toxins," Pael explained. He chuckled and said, "Not sure if it works with odors, though."
"He’s a prisoner," Amalloy declared. "I don’t want to bring him inside." Looking around, he asked, "Is there another place we can put him?"
"He’s quite big," Ollin stated. Then he asked, mostly of himself, "Where can we hold him?"
"Good question," Amalloy said, and then cautioned, "I’m not sure how long he’ll be out."
Ollin looked toward the building, paused, and then nodded. "Chieftain says to wrap chains around a tree and him."
Mett agreed, "Good idea. We can accomplish that."
Pael waved his weapon at the pilot and asked, "What about this one?"
"Let’s remove his helmet and talk indoors," Amalloy suggested, "and if he doesn’t cooperate, we’ll shove him outside without his helmet."
"What did he mean by that?" the pilot stepped backward and asked Pael.
"Just go under the awning of the building and take a deep breath as I take off your helmet," Pael directed pointing toward the building with his weapon.
Mett pointed to a tree with a large base at the far corner of the building and asked, "Will that one do?"
"Sure," said Amalloy. He then asked, "Ollin, where is the chain?"
As he finished the question, two Felno walked around a corner carrying a large chain with heavy links. Even with two carrying it, they walked with difficulty. Amalloy and Mett picked up a leg of the warrior and dragged him toward the tree. Turning him around, they set his back against it. "I’m going inside to talk with the pilot, Mett, so you finish up here," Amalloy directed. Mett nodded and proceeded to wrap the warrior against the tree with the chains, pinning his arms as far behind the warrior and as tightly as possible to prevent escape and, if escape were attempted, to cause injury.
Pael walked under the awning the building with the pilot and helped Ollin remove his helmet. Once inside he directed the man to the left side of the room and sat him on the chair which had at one time held him. Grabbing another chair, Pael sat facing the man. "You are Gradus," he stated. Leaning forward closer to the pilot, he asked, "What are you doing piloting that Dusai craft with five Dusai warriors aboard?"
"I’m doing my job, sir," the man fawned as he tried to move away.
"Tell me about that," Pael stated as he slowly leaned away from the pilot.
The man relaxed somewhat and said, "My job is to fly the craft, sir. They needed a pilot and I got picked," then shook his head, "but I didn’t volunteer."
As the man was explaining why he was flying the craft, Amalloy walked into the building and toward Pael. "What has he told you?" Amalloy asked.
"Not much yet," Pael informed, looking up toward Amalloy.
"Alright, Pael, see if you can help Zaivi," Amalloy directed as he looked toward her and then returned his gaze on the pilot. "I’ll finish up here."
Pael smiled and said, "Alright. I’ll be over there if you need me to clean up anything."
"I was chosen to fly that craft," the pilot started nervously.
"But who was handling armaments?" asked Amalloy as he moved in close to the Gradus who attempted to back away but had no place to go.
"You … you have him out there," stuttered the pilot as he pointed toward the door.
"Nice and convenient," Amalloy countered. He stood up straight, placed his hands on his hips, and asked, "You’re saying the last of the five warriors, the one who survived, is the culprit who did all the damage and killed the Felno in that building?"
When the pilot nodded, Amalloy spun the chair Pael vacated around and dropped it with a loud crash in front of the Gradus. Placing his foot on the chair and elbow on his knee, Amalloy asked, "Where is the beacon you followed?" The pilot looked up at Amalloy and blinked twice. "Didn’t think I knew about that?" he asked.
"Well, now that you do," the pilot said as he pointed toward the room, "it came from this area."
Amalloy straightened, crossed his arms, and took a step away. He looked toward Pael and asked, "This general area or any building in particular?"
"Does it really matter?" the pilot asked and crossed his legs.
Looking back at the pilot, Amalloy saw his gaze was directed at him. ‘He’s not giving anything away,’ he said to himself. "Look, ah…" Amalloy started but then asked, "What is your name?"
"Does that really matter?" the pilot asked and crossed his arms.
Amalloy moved in close to the man’s face and seethed, "I like to know who it is I’m going to kill." He stood up, looked away, and said calmly, "But it’s up to you."
"The name is Pran and I will tell you anything you want to know, sir," the pilot confessed as he uncrossed his arms and legs and sat up straight in the chair.


A heavier darkness was closing in upon the Felno outpost. Mett had returned from chaining the Dusai warrior and Pael was helping Zaivi with a project to better detect Dusai interference. Amalloy believed he had gotten all he could from the pilot and was lounging in the inner room clicking through the information Zaivi had retrieved.
The scarfs seemed to have been assembled haphazardly, as if hurriedly collected and placed quickly within the silicon encased round which now occupied the wall projector. Ordinarily Amalloy was not an information analyst, but, as he perused through the scarfs a fourth time, he began to see a pattern. The individuals in the foreground of each slide were not truly the focus, but those in the background.
In the particular scarf he was looking at, in the framework and just outside the main portrait, was a Dusai dressed in burgundy robes with an ivory sash that carried himself as if he were unfalteringly in command. He was pointing in one direction in a few scarfs and another in the series that followed. In a subsequent series of frames, the locations to which the Dusai had pointed were the target although smiling and laughing Gradus Burex and spouses was the foreground of each setting.
Zaivi walked into the room where Amalloy was previewing the scarfs. "How are things in here?" she asked.
"Not sure, maybe confusing," he stated. Amalloy then asked, "How are things out there?"
"We mourn our dead and Chieftain is seeing to essentials," she replied. "Pael and Mett seem to be getting along better since the capture of the Dusai Warrior." Amalloy caught the faintest smile upon Zaivi’s face as she spoke.
"Pael proved himself greatly on the field of battle," Amalloy said, and watched Zaivi’s smile broaden.
Noticing Amalloy peering at her strangely, Zaivi stopped smiling and asked, "How about in here?"
Amalloy smiled at her and then, pointing to the wall, he asked, "Has anyone seen these?"
"You mean before we looked over those few earlier?" she asked. When Amalloy nodded, Zaivi replied. "No." She soberly said, "Several Felno and Gradus have been killed to get these, not including those today."
Pushing a button on the desk bringing the authoritative Dusai into full view, Amalloy asked, "What do you suppose he’s doing?" The Dusai was postured looking to his right with a hand being raised as if beginning to point. Amalloy pushed another button and the view scrolled back to a smiling Gradus Burex draped with blue banners. Advancing several frames slowly revealed the Dusai pointing and dropping his hand.
"At what did he point?" Zaivi asked as she leaned on the desk as if to get a closer look.
"Well," Amalloy explained, "there are a few more slides of this Gradus and then, from another angle, we see this." He paused the scarfs to bring attention to an entry way with the background focused on a Gradus Burex entering the room with several Dusai and their guards. Amalloy scrolled through several other scarfs which accented the commanding Dusai pointing in the opposite direction. Advancing several frames brought to the forefront several Felno females obviously pregnant and bound with trammel restraints.
"That is so repulsive," Zaivi squeamishly groaned and pushed away from the table.
"I agree regardless the species," Amalloy agreed with irritation. "That kind of slavery is outlawed."
"Yet here it is and blatantly in public," Zaivi exclaimed with disgust as she pointed to the wall. "Then you know what they do with the loode?" she asked. Not waiting for an answer she replied, "It is a delicacy and the trudnah Felno carry their source of choice food."
"Are you suggesting Gradus fetuses could become their next food source?" Amalloy asked with intensity.
"It happened on other worlds," Zaivi explained, "so that could be a possibility." Amalloy placed a hand to his temple as he attempted to let this thought sink in. "How do you think the Felno became so few?" Zaivi asked.
Amalloy shook his head and growled, "That is not something I want to think about."
"Someone has thought this through," Zaivi snapped, "which is why this silicon round is very important."
"Yes," Amalloy agreed and cleared his throat. He advanced the pictures and continued, "The next series of scarfs are really interesting. Notice the Dusai and the Gradus in Edict Commons." He pointed toward the wall which now depicted a brightly colored Loofean in the foreground mixing, electrifying, and serving beverages behind a bar, but in the mirror was reflected a Gradus Burex draped with blue banners smiling broadly as he shook hands with the influential Dusai dressed in burgundy drapes and an ivory sash. Amalloy pushed a button and the scene advanced to reveal the Gradus looking into his hand at a bright shiny object which had been deposited by means of the handshake. In the next several scenes, one of the limbs of the Loofean obscured the face of the Gradus but the shiny objects were clearly identifiable as he was peeking an unobtrusively look at his new possessions. The same several scenes showed the Dusai and his companions laughing uproariously.
"Notice the companions of the Dusai influential. The one third from the left is sitting outside chained to a tree," Amalloy noted. Standing and stretching he said, "I’m going to ask a few questions."
"Do be careful," Zaivi cautioned as she touched his arm. She continued, "They aren’t the gentlest of people."
Patting her hand, Amalloy comforted, "I’ll be careful." He then turned and walked toward the door and into the adjoining room where he found Mett sitting and talking with Pran. "Want to take a stroll outside?" he asked Mett.
"Checking on our charge?" Mett asked as he stood.
"I’d like to go," Pran suggested as he fidgeted in the chair. His comment was met with stares from both Amalloy and Mett. "This chair is uncomfortable, is all," he explained.
With his eyes on Pran, Amalloy spoke sharply and ordered, "Mett! Go get Pael." Mett departed and Amalloy leaned in close to the pilot and snarled, "You’ve done and said nothing that is of use." He brought a hand up and placed two fingers under Pran’s chin. "Convince me you deserve your request answered," he growled between clenched teeth.
Pran attempted to lower his head but found he couldn’t. Placing his hand on Amalloy’s arm he whined through his stretched jaw, "You’re hurting me."
"I could do worse," Amalloy chuckled. He held the pose a few more seconds and then released his hold on Pran. "Consider what I offer."
Pael and Mett arrived just as Amalloy stood erect. "What do you want?" Pael asked.
"Take this guy for a walk around this room, Pael," Amalloy ordered, holding up two fingers, "Two rotations only."
"Yes, sir," Pael agreed.
"Mett, you’re with me." Amalloy turned and walked toward the door. Stepping into the alcove, Amalloy and Mett put their helmets on, fastened the kapton-coated seal, and stepped outside. "The beacon the Dusai followed is here!" Amalloy barked.
"I knew Pael was holding something back," Mett suggested and then asked, "shall we go back inside…"
"Pael followed the same beacon, Mett," Amalloy snarled sharply, "It isn’t him." He walked several paces beyond Mett.
"Wait…uh, what?" Mett stuttered. He strode to Amalloy, turned him around, and asked. "Someone else sent a signal?"
Amalloy nodded and looked toward the Dusai who was chained to the tree. "We need to learn what he knows."
"Sure, and then we get Pael," Mett chortled gleefully and then he asked, "What do you think he knows?"
The two agents walked toward the tree and Amalloy explained, "He is more than a warrior. He’s a companion of Dusai leadership."
As they walked past the corner of the building they noticed Ollin sitting with his head down. Thinking he may be in trouble, they hurried the few steps, where Mett knelt down and asked, "Ollin! Is everything okay?"
"Everything is not ‘okay’ as you say," Ollin quavered sadly. "I came from checking the destruction," he pointed in the direction of the destroyed buildings, "and saw Chieftain walk toward prisoner." He pointed in the Dusai’s direction and then put his hand on his head. "Chieftain went and spoke," he explained, lowering his hands and shaking his head. "Chieftain didn’t see me, but I overheard Chieftain: ‘Promise was for Felno to be left alone.’ Prisoner said, ‘Agreements change.’ Chieftain said, ‘Killing Felno unnecessary.’ Prisoner looked at Chieftain and grinned, ‘Collateral damage.’ Chieftain exclaimed, ‘Unnecessary!’ Chieftain then closed his eyes and put a hand to prisoners head. Prisoner slumped and blood dripped from mouth and nose."
Both Amalloy and Mett turned to look at the slumped Dusai chained to the tree. Mett jumped up and he and Amalloy ran to check its condition. Ollin stood and followed, "After Chieftain left, I checked prisoner for life, but found none."
Mett knelt down and lifted the Dusai’s head as Amalloy stomped back and forth. Mett looked up, "This one can tell us nothing."
"Why would he do that?" Amalloy asked with hands raised as he stomped back and forth.
"He’s protecting someone," Mett said casually and stood.
"Who?" Amalloy asked. "His eludzie?"
"Yes, but closer," Mett answered.
Amalloy stopped and looked at Mett, and then back in the direction they had come from. "No!" shouted Amalloy. "Not for one minute…" He turned and stomped back toward the building, but Mett ran beside him and grabbed his arm. Amalloy shook it off and shouted, "What!?!"
"Amalloy," Mett started, "If you remember the condition of our friend over there," he pointed toward the dead Dusai, "you know what Chieftain can do." Amalloy turned and started off again, but Mett caught his arm and turned him around. He asked, "You want to end up like that? Huh?"
"I’m getting to the bottom of this!" Amalloy bellowed. He shook off Mett’s hand and charged angrily into the building without removing his helmet. He stopped when he got halfway into the room and roared, "WHERE IS HE!?!"



















































Chapter 5:

Discovering a traitor in their midst, Amalloy Quiss and Zaivi plan for the silicon encased round of scarfs, ripples, and streams to continue on to the hands for which it was intended.


Amalloy felt rage building inside. He stomped back and forth near the body of the Dusai prisoner with connections to the Dusai Burex, who had been purposefully killed. "Why would he do that!?!" Amalloy asked raising and lowering his hands.
Mett stood from examining the body. "He’s protecting someone," he stated casually.
Amalloy stopped when he heard this from Mett, and then turned and stomped off toward the building. He shouted, "I’m getting to the bottom of this!" He charged into the building without removing his helmet and roared, "WHERE IS HE!?!"
Everyone in the room stopped what they were doing and turned to look at Amalloy, but no one replied. Pael stood away from the wall where he was having a conversation with Pran as Mett entered the building and Zaivi came running from the meeting room. "Who are you talking about?" she asked.
A voice came into Amalloy’s ear and quipped, "Oh, there you are, agent."
Amalloy loudly replied, "You! Shut up!" Walking to Zaivi, Amalloy poked her in the chest and thundered, "Where is Chieftain?"
"You told me to shut up," Zaivi responded softly and looked down.
"I’m in no mood for this, Zaivi!" Amalloy declared. Stepping around her, he walked to and opened the door to the meeting room to glance around. Satisfied the one he was looking for wasn’t there, he came back to where Zaivi stood and bellowed, "Where is he!?!"
"What has happened?" Warden asked.
"I haven’t seen him in …" Zaivi started.
"I told you to shut up!" Amalloy commanded. "Zaivi! Where is Chieftain?" Amalloy barked.
"What’s it going to be?" Zaivi yelled, "You want me to speak or not?"
The outer door to the building opened and Chieftain slowly entered. "I am here," he said.
Amalloy turned to see Chieftain enter and then ran up to him, poking him in the chest. "What is it you are trying to do?"
"Protect what is mine," Chieftain stated. His gaze left Amalloy’s face as he spoke.
Amalloy didn’t turn to follow Chieftain’s gaze; he knew for whom the look was intended. "And you have jeopardized the entire mission!" he shouted. Without backing away, Amalloy forcefully asked, "Have you revealed everything?"
"The galaxy is not sunbeams and astral shimmer, Agent," Chieftain said as he looked down on Amalloy. "I did what is necessary."
Amalloy started at a high pitch, "What is nec…"
Zaivi swiftly walked to Amalloy and her father and interrupted asking, "What is he saying, Otec?"
Amalloy looked at Zaivi as she interrupted and then back at Chieftain. "Go ahead and tell her, Chieftain," Amalloy spat out the words, "and don’t leave out the astral shimmer." He stepped to the side and crossed his arms as Zaivi stepped in to face her father.
"I did what was necessary," Chieftain maintained, and placed his hands on her shoulders.
"Go on," Amalloy snapped angrily. He took a step away, but turned to face the pair.
"You are to be safe," Chieftain muttered as he slid his hands from Zaivi’s shoulders to her arms. 
"At what cost?" Amalloy asked loudly. He stepped in to make a point when Zaivi slapped his hand away.
Chieftain stepped back and, pointing to Zaivi, loudly declared, "My thinking is to protect you," and raising his hands, "the future of this eludzie!" He swept  his hands toward all in the room.
"And it didn’t work!" Amalloy pushed Zaivi away and faced Chieftain. Poking a finger on his chest, he emphasized, "You’ve essentially doomed this entire operation, starting with the efforts your daughter took in getting her information to…"
"I risked my life, Otec," Zaivi appealed with a pleading tone. She looked around the room and with sad eyes continued, "They all have." Pael walked to where Zaivi stood and stepped up behind her left shoulder.
"Do you not know that once you enter into contract with an untrustworthy, the outcomes will be treacherousness?" Amalloy asked. He turned and walked several steps away and turned again toward Chieftain. "By now," he continued, "the bulk of their fleet will be upon us and they," he emphasized, "will be doing just what is necessary."
From across the room a voice loudly cleared his throat and piped, "No, Agent Quiss, they won’t."
Turning to look toward the voice and seeing Pran, Amalloy asked, "What?"
Rubbing his chin, Pran stated, "I didn’t send the message requesting column response."
"I can verify that," Warden replied in Amalloy’s ear.
Amalloy turned his head and asked, "Say again?"
"Pran Chekis is deep under cover," Warden explained as Amalloy turned to look toward Pran. "Everything he does," he continued, "comes through my office. He didn’t request Dusai Column response."
Amalloy asked, "You didn’t request column response?" When Pran shook his head, Amalloy turned toward Chieftain, raised his hand with pointed finger, and bellowed, "That doesn’t clear you."
Mett walked to stand next to Amalloy. "Remember the Dusai outside, Agent," he warned. Amalloy looked at Mett strangely and then moved away from him. Mett shrugged his shoulders. "Just saying."
"With resolve I rebuilt this elidzie," Chieftain was speaking. "They came by twos and threes from hiding places. Connubial was good and produced duatre, beauty she is." He shook his head. "A sickness came and to a Dusai facility we went, but pati called mate during producing duatre." Chieftain’s face looked saddened as he spoke. "Dusai insisted burial within Dusai facility best to contain sickness," he said softly, "but when Dusai insisted to retain duarte, I took her and ran." He took a step toward Zaivi and exclaimed, "On the scarfs I saw mate, your olec!" Zaivi put her hands to her face and started to speak, but Chieftain continued, "I knew why Dusai retain Felno, but not any more." He turned back to Amalloy and defiantly stated, "I will no longer abide by Dusai agreements." He cleared his throat and stood taller, more regal. "Times have changed, but Felno resolve will not."
"You think you can defeat the Dusai political machine by sending other than professional soldiers?" Amalloy asked. "That machine will be defeated only as long as those who oppose it are true to the cause." He stepped in closer to Chieftain and continued, "We defeat them at their own game by playing by their rules, using those rules against them, not by establishing a new set of personal rules." He stretched out his arm and allowed the weapon to slide into his hand. "Your compromise has opposed the cause. You are no longer trustworthy." Amalloy raised the weapon and took aim at Chieftain’s neck. "You must step down!" he insisted.
Zaivi stepped between her father and eyed Amalloy with a piercing look, though her expression was neither shock nor surprise. She turned, faced her father. "Otec, Amalloy is correct. Your compromise opposes all we undertake." She put a hand to his chest and he raised his hand and covered hers. "It is better to step down before more harm is done."
Chieftain’s shoulders slumped as his head drooped and his chin hit his chest. He shook his head and stated, "I misjudged, endangering all."
"You certainly did, Chieftain!" Amalloy exploded. He waved the weapon again to insist Chieftain make a quick decision.
Chieftain looked around the room and then back at his daughter. "There will be no Chieftain to lead," he reminded.
"I will lead," Zaivi reassured, "until a Chieftain steps forward." She looked up at her father with imploring eyes pleading, "It is for the best, Otec. I cannot bear the thought of losing you as we have lost others."
Chieftain turned away from his daughter and reached to remove the sheath from across his chest. Turning again, he placed it over her head settling it neatly across her shoulders and chest. Dropping to one knee, he declared, "My life to protect yours, Chieftain."
From out of their different stations within the room came the Felno. Upon reaching Zaivi, they each dropped to one knee and proclaimed, "My life to protect yours, Chieftain." They then stood and waited.
Zaivi turned to Pael and asked, "Would you bring me a chair?" Pael walked to where Pran sat and brought the chair he had been sitting in to Zaivi. She stood upon it as if to make a speech, but she said nothing. After a few moments, each Felno walked back to their stations and continued their work – almost as if nothing had happened; but Zaivi’s father remained where he stood. Stepping down from the chair, Zaivi looked up at her father, placed her hand on his chest, and smiled; but said nothing.
Walking to Amalloy, Zaivi’s father introduced himself, "I am Tondil. By order of Chieftain, I am to serve you with whatever knowledge I have."
"That was quick," Amalloy noted.
"The ritual is always short due to the sicilish of retaining a new Chieftain," Tondil informed. "If on a field of battle, there is no time for majlis."
Amalloy looked up at Tondil and asked, "So, what is it you know?"


Amalloy walked to Pran and said, "I acknowledge your courage in the face aggression." He reached out his hand which Pran grabbed and shook. "But now we must get to work." They released their hands and Amalloy turned and walked toward the meeting room.
"What do you suggest?" Pran asked. He had to take several hurried steps to keep up with Amalloy.
Amalloy gave no reply, but walked into the well-lit meeting room and stood at the seat next to Zaivi who sat at the main console. "Take a seat, Agent," he directed. Pran sat in a chair between Pael and Mett, and noticed there were Felno seated as if to box in this group of agents.
"Within this viewer is a silicon round which holds information that must get to the highest levels of those who oppose Dusai infiltration within the Gradus Burex. I’ve seen some scarfs," Amalloy started, "and what they indicate is great treachery." He looked around at this group and continued, "Gradus receiving bribes seems to be a light year from where we should be." He paused, "but that is where we are."
Zaivi stood and turned to the group. "The ripples tell a more poignant story of the plight of the Felno, Lereth, Gattee, and potentially other nations at the hands of the Dusai. The voices on the streams reveal this betrayal goes to the highest levels of Gradus Burex." She sighed and continued, "I’m not sure how these items on the round will help, but we must continue its journey to the hands for which it was intended."
"We’ve made several copies," Amalloy said, "the original will stay here with Tijgrys, but each of us will get duplicates. Chieftain," Amalloy pointed to Zaivi, "must stay here for the benefit of the Felno, but we are free to roam Gradus with ease." He pointed to Tondil and continued, "Tondil will maintain Chieftain role throughout to deter any questioning Dusai."
Mett slammed his hand onto the desk, raised his voice, and argued, "I can’t believe you, Agent." He then pointed at Tondil and asked, "Are you willing to trust him after what he has done?"
"Of course not, Mett," Amalloy stated, "but there are Felno tricks known to Chieftain, but unknown to any other nation."
"What about Felno in the employ of the Dusai?" Pael asked. "Will they be a problem?"
Tondil stood. "When I wear the Chieftain badge, I will know."
Mett cleared his voice and asked, "How will we know, we who are on the outside," he tapped the side of his head, "of these tricks of the Felno?"
Zaivi explained, "I will be in constant contact with Warden. He will direct you in concert with my input."
"And as we know, Mett, Warden will be in constant contact with us," Amalloy agreed, tapping the side of his head.
"It seems like we’ve secured this up really nicely," Mett stated. "What about …," he started to ask.
"I know what you’re going to ask, Mett," Amalloy interrupted. "There is something I’m asking of Pran to help secure this location." Turning to Pran, Amalloy continued, "We need to prevent your ship from being located by the Dusai; therefore, it cannot be found here."
"Yes," Pran agreed. He rubbed his chin and looked thoughtful as the eyes of all looked at him. He then reasoned, "I see what you mean."
"Any thoughts?" Amalloy asked.
"The easiest would be to crash it on another moon," Pran considered, "as if it were never on Vadus 22."
"Was your tracking pattern relayed to the Dusai?" Pael asked.
"Unfortunately, yes," Pran said. He started to speak again but was interrupted.
Tondil interrupted. "When we looked for a home, several moons were considered before Vadus 22 was chosen." Turning to Ollin, who was seated among the group, he directed, "We need the Vadus system plots." Ollin stood and walked to a nearby station and began inputting keystrokes. "Send our discoveries here," called Tondil, pointing at the wall.
Soon the charts from surveys of the Vadus moons began to appear on the front wall. As a chart appeared, Tondil would say, "No," and another chart took its place. After many charts had been viewed, he finally said, "There." The chart stopped and focus became clearer. "Vadus 33 was our second highest choice. It was deemed unacceptable because of limited clouds and the Nakpas which roamed freely and in abundance."
"Too bright," agreed Pran. He then asked, "Is there a place which runs darker, whether or not it is habitable?"
Three charts flew by and then stopped on a fourth. "Vadus 52 is mostly dark, but uninhabited. No breathable atmosphere," Ollin said as he walked back to the group.
"Will I be rescued?" Pran asked looking up at Amalloy.
The room was silent as all eyes turned to look at Amalloy. "I give it a 5 percent chance, Pran, which is why I ask you to weigh the cost." He paused and glanced upward. "Warden just raised the percent up to 7, but still the cost will be great." Again he paused.
Amalloy opened his mouth to speak, but Pran spoke first, "There is too much at stake for me to say no." He paused, then swore, and declared, "This might not work however we look at it."
"Then we are agreed," Amalloy said quickly. He paused and then informed, "Warden has sent a science vessel to Vadus 52 and an additional one for us. Pran, don’t give up hope. The rescue percentage just went up another 10." Looking at Zaivi, Amalloy directed, "Chieftain, send your men. Mett and Pael, you help."
With this command, a flurry of activity commenced as Felno and Gradus began to work side by side in the several capacities needed to put the plan into action. Silicon rounds were duplicated and handed to each agent. Mett and Pael donned helmets and the Felno affixed breathers, and then departed to gather the Dusai bodies and place them in the DN-05-14. Zaivi called for Tijgrys and placed the original silicon round within its ear chip. Felno technicians worked up schematics for a duplicate Chieftain sheath for Tondil to wear and placed it around his neck.
Amalloy made a duplicate silicon round to upgrade Pran’s suit disregarding Mett’s objections. "I still don’t trust either Pael or Pran," Mett complained.
"Pran may not live to pass on the most important round to higher ups," Amalloy said sternly.


After Pran’s vessel had lifted off, Amalloy, Pael, Mett, and Tondil left the Felno compound for Warden’s designated pick-up point. Before they arrived, Tijgrys appeared and stood blocking their path. "He is warning us," Tondil informed the group, "We must turn aside." He then grabbed its mane and the two disappeared.
"We should do the same," Amalloy suggested to Pael and Mett and pushed the button at his left elbow and faded from view. The others did the same, and Amalloy saw their heat signatures move off the pathway.
Knowing they could see his heat signature, Amalloy began to cautiously move forward toward the pick-up location. As they crept along, a Dusai Warrior came into view. ‘He’s the lead,’ Amalloy thought. ‘A second should follow several feet behind and two or three others ten feet behind him.’
Amalloy moved off the path as they allowed the lead Dusai to walk beyond their position. Stepping back onto the path, Amalloy moved to the other side, crouched behind a tree to wait until the second Dusai passed his position, though he was further behind than expected. Twenty feet behind him came three others, running to get into position. ‘These guys just arrived on planet,’ Amalloy observed as they passed beyond his location, ‘and they haven’t spaced for Dusai strategic patrol.’
"Mett! Pael!" Amalloy muffled as he spoke. "Move twenty feet to our right." He stood and began to move stealthily to the location he had designated and observed Mett and Pael do the same. "Stop at the three tree trunks." He furtively proceeded and waited for Mett and Pael. When they arrived, he whispered, "They’ve just arrived on planet. We need their vessel."
"Most likely it’s another DN-05-14," Pael suggested. "That is the max crew capacity as we found out."
"What about the pilot?" Mett asked.
Amalloy said, "I’d like to know how they got here."
"Dropping off further behind is a tactic of precaution," Pael explained. "They think they’ve lost one ship and its compliment of warriors and are hard pressed to lose another."
"They will send others," Amalloy stated.
"Knowing the urgency of retrieving the silicon round, most likely," Mett indicated. He shook his head and said, "I’m prepared not to make it off planet."
"Just ahead is the clearing I landed onto," Pael indicated. "Most likely they’ve landed nearby and established some sort of relay point. If we capture that, we’ll be one step closer."
"Alright," Amalloy said. "Set your scanners for furthest indicators. We’ll try to reach their location before a second ship touches down."


Amalloy took point, having sent Mett and Pael further to the right, and found the ship right where expected. A Gradus, poking around the aircraft, was completely surprised as Amalloy, Mett, and Pael appeared and surrounded him. As the pilot raised his hands, Mett scanned him looking for an emergency indicator which would be used as a warning device. "He’s clean," Mett said. He then poked at the pilot and asked, "Do I know you?"
"I don’t believe so," the pilot answered.
"It doesn’t matter," Mett smirked, "because we need your ship." He poked the Gradus in the chest. "We’d like you to fly it, but we could manage without you."
Mett watched the pilot’s eyes widen as he came to an understanding of the proposition. He sighed nervously and, with a squeak in his voice, asked, "Where would you like to go?"
"Let’s get on board," Mett suggested. The group trouped up the walkway into the ship and Pael closed it behind them. As soon as the door shut, Tondil appeared at the side of Tijgrys and the sparse room was filled to capacity. The noise of a second ship landing nearby brought each of them to a window to observe its landing.
Pael ran to the pilot’s station and opaqued the windows saying, "They won’t be able to see inside." Turning to Amalloy, who had moved to a window to watch the Dusai warriors disembark and tramp down the path past their vessel, he asked, "What now, Agent?"
"That’s ten Dusai warriors who will be heading toward the Felno compound," Amalloy stated. "If we catch them by surprise, we’ll be able to pick them off one by one." He looked at the group. "Mett, it is up to you to get the silicon round to those for whom it was intended." Turning to Tondil, he determined, "You’ll need to go with him to see he makes it through any Dusai obstacle; but that means we’ll need to take Tijgrys with us."
"Is best," Tondil agreed. He reached up and petted the massive head of the creature. Tijgrys shook its head and tried to turn around and, as the others scooted out of the way, knocked the ship’s pilot to the floor.
Mett laughed and sneered, "And you thought that was precarious," as he offered the pilot a hand up, "you try anything, I’ll get him to swat you across the terrain." The pilot took the offered hand and stood.
"Warden, don’t send the science vessel. We’ve caught another transport," Amalloy informed his Com-link.
"Already sent, but will turn it back," Warden said in Amalloy’s ear.
Mett turned to the pilot, and ordered, "Set a course for Gradus, and no sudden moves. That Tijgrys is flexing its paws." The pilot walked to his seat and input the coordinates. Mett turned to Amalloy and Pael and asked, "You guys good?"
"We’re good," Amalloy responded. To Pael he said, "Let’s put our agent training to good use."
Pael nodded and slapped the panel which opened the walkway. He hit the button at his left elbow which engaged the environ-shielding and walked down the ramp to the underbelly of the ship to wait for Amalloy.
"Strap yourself in, Tondil," Mett suggested, "Not sure how steady this vehicle is during takeoff." Tondil nodded and sat in a nearby seat, pulling the restrainer straps against his body. "Warden," Mett continued, "Prepare a smooth welcoming party for us. Don’t want to come in hot."
Amalloy spoke to Warden, "Get him there safe, Warden. He’s got the goods that may mean change for the way our planet is run." He reached up and grabbed the mane of the Tijgrys who promptly disappeared taking Amalloy into its vanished state. At the bottom of the ramp they turned toward the second ship and found the Dusai pilot traipsing down the ramp.
Amalloy’s first shot caught it in the neck nearly center in the windpipe. As a hand was raised to cover the wound, its eyed widened in surprise at discovering being shot and not knowing from where the attack came. As it bent forward for a better look around, Pael’s shot hit just right of the left eye socket and Amalloy’s second shot exploded into its right ear, spinning the Dusai pilot, toppling it off the ramp. As it fell, Tijgrys pounced quickly, grabbed it by the head and swung it wildly into the brush severing head from body.
Amalloy hit the button at his left elbow canceling the environ-shielding and said, "That went quite easy."
Pael decloaked and nodded his head in agreement, "Yes. Reasonably well."
They turned toward the Dusai ship which held Mett and Tondil and saluted.
After the ship had taken off, Amalloy looked at Pael and, with a smile, said, "The girl you’ve got your eyes on will be hard to manage."
Pael asked, "How did you know?"
 Amalloy smiled, "I just know."
"Is there a problem?" Pael asked.
"No problem from me," Amalloy said as he looked at Tijgrys and winked. "I also know that compared to her, these guys," he pointed in the direction the Dusai warriors had taken, "will be easy."
Pael grinned widely. "Let’s get the easy done." Hitting their environ-shielding buttons, the two Gradus Agents of the Toimist began a slow jog following the path the Dusai warriors had taken, toward the Felno gidan.















































APPENDIX


Burex – Bureaucrat Executives
DN-05-14 – Dusai small team advance craft
Duatre – Child, Duatra – Children
Edict Commons – Gradus governing body and buildings
Egba-Trill – Violent animal of Tertiary Prime
Eludzie – People, tribe
Gidan – House
Gradus – Main population of Vadus 24
Loode – Fetus
Nakpas – Violent flesh-eater of Vadus 33
Olec – Mother
Otec – Father
Pati – Death
Ripples – Video recordings
Scarfs – Photos
Strats – Plans & strategies
Streams – Voice recordings
Tijgrys – Violent animal of Vadus 34
Toimist – Gradus Spy Agency
Tzyn – Extremely stinking rodent of Gradus
Vadus 22 – Felno secret enclave
Vadus 24 – Home world of Gradus
Vapens sklad – Weapons warehouse


