
Trial By Fire
By A.H.French

Published By A.H.French @ Smashwords
Copyright © 2019 A.H.French
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return it to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.
CHARACTERS
Allonin, Tri-Rep
Manara, Watcher, council member
Andromeda, Andy, Allonin's mate mother, super brain, runs Mothership
Roger Griffen, Allonin's best friend
Betty, Roger's wife
Lt. Darr, Science officer of Migrant fleet
Josh, human genius
The Phantom/shadow, Allonin's mentor
Table of Contents
CHAPTER 1 Alien Menace?
CHAPTER 2 Unfortunate Situation
CHAPTER 3 Vague Possibilities
CHAPTER 4 Gamble, Toss of the Dice
CHAPTER 5 Transfer
CHAPTER 6 Unexpected Trouble
CHAPTER 7 Earth Needs Help
CHAPTER 8 A Large Problem
CHAPTER 9 The Ozone Problem
CHAPTER 10 A Time for the Truth
CHAPTER 11 Project Complete
CHAPTER 12 Outsiders
CHAPTER 13 Unrest
CHAPTER 14 War?
CHAPTER 15 Conclusion.
CHAPTER 16 The New Mothership
CHAPTER 17 A Look at the Future
CHAPTER 18 The New Earth
CHAPTER 19 Ambush
CHAPTER 20 Plans
CHAPTER 21 Search
CHAPTER 22 A Safe Haven
CHAPTER 23 Offer for the Griffens
CHAPTER 24 Results
CHAPTER 25 Trial by Fire
About the Author
CHAPTER 1 Alien Menace?
When Allonin awoke he wasn't sure he was still alive. The wedding reception for Josh and Alice had been a party to remember. With eyes still closed, he tried to remember all that had happened last night.  Mother had outdone herself. Working with Josh, they had made it a spectacular wedding. The mayor, George Walker, had been granted the authority to marry them by the council. Mother had been the maid of honor and Harry Swanson, the best man.  After the ceremony, attendants started things off with champagne to toast the bride and groom. The attendees were then ushered into a large room with tables set for their dining pleasure. Everyone sat down and the attendants started serving the meal.  One toast led to another followed by speech after speech. Music, dancing, and loud conversations followed. Some time after that, Allonin gradually fell into a quiet stupor. Andromeda must have helped him to their suite, as they were nose to nose when he woke up and they were stark naked. He messaged mother to send one of those hangover drinks. No, make that two and leave them on the living room table.  He really didn't want to move for fear his head would roll off his shoulders and bounce on the floor. He noticed Andromeda was starting to move, so he staggered into the living room and snatched those precious drinks off the end table. Slowly he made his way back to the bed and handed her that life saving mixture. Nothing was said for a few minutes. Then Andromeda asked if they were going to live. Slowly turning his head he nodded affirmative, and wished he hadn't. After what seemed to be hours, but were mere minutes, they made their way to the shower. First the piping hot water, then the ice cold made them feel relatively good. As he dried off, Andromeda went to the living room server and ordered breakfast and a large pot of coffee. He emerged and poured the coffee as she went to dry off and dress. After breakfast, he felt a lot better about living. He pondered asking mother what was in those hangover drinks, but he thought it better not to know. As much as they had enjoyed the brief R&R, this was the day to say goodbye to their friends and return to the Mothership for their rounds in the quadrant. Hand in hand they left their suite and headed for the city center.
As they approached, they saw the mayor ahead of them with Robert Griffen. Allonin gave a whistle and the two of them turned back toward them. After exchanging pleasantries, they proceeded to the center. Over coffee, they told Robert and the mayor they were just leaving for the Mothership. Robert asked if it was time for their six to eight week trip through the quadrant. Allonin nodded, arose and shook hands with them, as Andromeda gave them each a hug. They walked out of the center and proceeded to the landing pad. The rest of the team were already there. As the portal closed, mother appeared to tell them they had to get up to the ship in a hurry.  The quarantine satellites had sounded alarms. Ships were crossing the boundary. As fast as they could they got back to the “Mother-ship”. Mother had already plotted the intercept co-ordinates and the ship left orbit to confront the alien ships.  She also readied a wing of fighters and had them on standby. Out through the vid-screen they could make out a cloud, but were still too far away to make out what it was. Allonin along with Andromeda made their way to the command ship; messaging mother to stop a thousand kilometers from what ever was there. As they approached the intercept point, mother slowed the “Mother-ship”. At one thousand kilometers it stopped. Taking the command ship out through the port, he signaled mother to try different hailing frequencies to make contact. Moving around to the front, he was astounded to see what looked like a flotilla of icebergs. He had mother scan them and she reported that indeed, there were living beings in those large chunks of ice. There had to be a thousand icebergs in front of them.  Mother alerted them that communication was available. She told #1 to activate the communication system on his chair and the translator device would make it so the commander and the leader of the alien ships could converse. We transmitted to the alien ship that I was commander Allonin, a tri-rep for   “the watchers”  and were inquiring why they had passed the quarantine satellites that makes this solar system off limits. The person who answered was Commander Zin, the military leader of the convoy. He stated he knew of “the watchers” and apologized for entering this space. He heard the satellites, but they did not understand what was broadcast. By the time they did, they were already past them.  I then inquired as to their destination. His answer was most disconcerting
CHAPTER 2 Unfortunate Situation
They were from a world that is never warmer than the temperature of hard ice. Unfortunately, their planet had been inching closer to their sun over the last one hundred years. Knowing this, our science/logistics expert, Lieutenant Daar informed President Monzer and myself of the consequences of remaining on our home planet. Over that one hundred year period, we assembled enough ships to take ten percent of our population with us in search of a new home. Those that come in these ships are the winners of a planet wide lottery. If allowed, we will turn our ships to a new heading and leave to continue our search. We radioed him to stay here for a few minutes while we communicated with “the watchers”. Before I could notify mother to ask for a meeting with “the watchers”, She had already done so and was told that I should return to the Mothership and proceed to that side room where I had met them before.  Informing Commander Zin of my ensuing meeting, I asked him to wait till I returned.  He said he would wait. Turning around we headed for the hanger and my meeting with “the watchers". With misgivings about what I wanted to try, I entered the room. Sitting at a soft lounge chair was one of “the watchers”. As I walked forward, I sensed that this was one of the original three I had met some months ago. Yes, Allonin, I am the one that originally spoke to you she said. She continued to relate that mother had advised her of the situation that has transpired in this solar system.  Which led to the question of why he needed a meeting with “the watchers.” Knowing she knew as much as he did, He went straight to the point. He had an idea that might help the travelers in their search for a new home. But to do this, he first needed to know if there is an ice planet somewhere in the vicinity of this quadrant. Before answering his question, she had information that he needed to know about. Without waiting for any questions from him, she explained that he needed someone that could interact with him one on one instead of going to all the trouble of a meeting of “the watchers” every time that something out of the ordinary arose. She had been asked and had accepted the role for the council. “Allonin, my name is Manara and when the need arises, you can use your mental capabilities to reach me. If you're to far away, mother can attach you to the amplifier and you can then reach me.  Only call when something out of the ordinary or not in your regulations arises." To answer his question about a frozen planet, she advised him there was one just outside his quadrant and had already given the co-ordinates to mother. Please keep me advised on how you handle this and whether the outcome is good or bad. He stood, bowed, and thanked her, and hoping he'd never give her cause for grief. She also stood, winked at him and faded from view.
CHAPTER 3 Vague Possibilities
He sat for a few minutes contemplating what had just transpired, but decided not to dwell on it. He called for mother and asked her if she would consider a half-baked idea he had for those people and those ships. Her answer was straight to the point. he was the commander and she would do all she could to help him in all his endeavors. He finally decided to go with this wild idea and have a round table discussion. He called everyone to the observation deck and sitting with drink in hand explained what he wanted to try. The gist of it was to use the shields to encompass as many of the alien ships as possible, Nothing could possibly get through the shields from outside, but would the shields keep everything inside while moving. The other snag was, could the shields stand the stress of star drive. After a heated discussion it was agreed to try. With that in mind they went back over to the lead ship and told Commander Zin what they were going to try; with an asteroid first. If it worked, then they could take a number of ships within their shields and transport them to a planet that was an hour away by star drive. If I can get the Mothership from the quadrants on either side of them to help, it could be accomplished within twenty four hours. Commander Zin said they would have to look at the plus and minus aspects of this and while they were in discussions would be a good tine to try this asteroid maneuver and see the results.  Allonin told mother to get the ship ready, they were going to move an asteroid. To get an idea of the scope of what he intended, they went to the far side of the solar system and found what they were looking for. #2 did some fast equations and thought it best to have the asteroid behind them and drag it along. Once at their destination, they would have to circle to the opposite side to slow and then stop the asteroid. Without hesitation, they all agreed this was a sound plan. Getting the Mothership in place mother expanded the shields as far as was needed and then brought them up to top density. Putting the co-ordinates in, the ship started to move. As hoped, the asteroid followed. Slowly they approached the speed needed to engage the star drive. As Allonin engaged the drive, they all closed their eyes, hoping this would not damage the Mothership or them. Seconds later, mother appeared and told them to have a celebration drink, Everything they had asked for was at nominal expectations. An hour later they dropped out of star drive and swung around to the back side and slowed the asteroid till it stopped. They now knew the idea was doable. Leaving the asteroid circling the farthest planet out, they returned to home. It was now up to the alien ships to decide if they wanted a short trip or one that would last another hundred years. Once they were back stationary in front of the icebergs, Allonin went into the barren room, which wasn't barren anymore. He had the attendants furnish an area with a colorful rug, plush arm chairs, and a long huge sofa. A wine cooler was set behind the arm chairs and was filled with a variety of beverages. Sitting in one of the chairs He closed his eyes and projected “Manara, I need your assistance concerning two of our Mother ships” She appeared so suddenly, he almost choked on his drink.  Sitting on the sofa, she     looked regal in that flowing gown she wore. Can I interest you in a glass of wine, some of which are sweet, tart, fruity, or dry?  With a smile, she asked for one that was fruity. Instead of having an attendant do the service, he opened and poured a glass of wine and brought it to the table by her side. What Is the reason for the request of two Motherships she asked. If I were to keep that a secret, you would bear no responsibility for what I intend to try if it doesn't work. But if it does, be sure, you would get the credit for what it will accomplish. She smiled and told him he perplexed her, but the Commander on the Mothership on either side would be available for the next several days. She hoped whatever he had in mind would be of benefit to all. That said, she slowly faded away.   He went down to the dining room and messaged Andromeda to join him for lunch. No sooner had they sat down when mother appeared. She asked him if he had come up with anything. He kept them in suspense for a minute before telling them the “Motherships on either side of them were available to aid them if the aliens agreed to try it. She knew he had had a meeting with “the watchers.” There was an empty space that seemed to be somewhere else, yet inside the ship. “The watchers” allowed Allonin to tell how much or how little he wanted others to know. We are out on a limb on this. “The watcher" he had spoken with a few minutes ago obtained the aid of two Motherships He would not tell why he needed them and it was his hide if things went wrong. That took “the watcher" off the hook as I gave no hint what I was up to. Now it is time to meet with Commander Zin and see what takes shape.
CHAPTER 4 Gamble, Toss of the Dice
After a quick meal, it was time to go to the command ship once more. Retracing our prior maneuver, we were once more in line with their lead ship.  Commander Zin greeted them and said he would have Lieutenant Darr listen in to what the Mothership had been doing the last few hours. Once the lieutenant was wired in, mother gave him a step by step account of what we had accomplished. The movement of the asteroid within our shields, transport through star drive, the entry into normal space and stopping the asteroid to a dead stop. She had done exhausting tests on the asteroid and all readings were the same as when we left our present position. Now that we have done a trial run, it is up to you whether to take a few ships through to check it out and eventually move all your ships to the new location. If this is not satisfactory, you may continue to that location on your own.  The co-ordinates have already been sent to your ship. We can only guarantee the help of two more Motherships for the next seventy two hours. We believe it will take about sixteen hours to completely move your people to that location. We will wait for your reply. We are leaving now for food and rest on our Mothership. After returning to the ship and going to the dining room, everyone had an opinion on what was to be their answer.  Mother thought it a good idea to give it a rest and for us to do the same.  We all agreed and headed to our quarters for some much deserved rest. When we entered our quarters, Andromeda headed to the sauna and hot tub. Smart girl I thought, and went right after her. After some time in each, we went to bed.
All to soon, mother chimed in and called from the living room that breakfast was ordered and coffee was poured. After a little grumbling, we dressed and went to meet mother.  We ate a slow, delicious meal, then asked mother why the early rise and shine call.  It was then she informed us that twelve hours had passed. Andromeda arose and went into the bedroom, only to return wearing sweats.  After seeing what she had in mind, I joined her. The run around the interior of the Mothership helped take our minds off the present situation. Returning to our quarters, we showered, and after a little frolicking got dressed to go meet the rest of the day. As we entered the lift to go to the dining room, mother informed us that Lt. Darr had some questions that might shed some light on their misgivings about transferring the ships. Mother opened a channel and hailed the lieutenant.  Lt. Darr requested the possibility of taking a supply ship through first. We in turn, not wanting to waste precious time, asked if he had ships that carried less than 10,000 people. He replied, they had several ships with less than 2000 people. Could they spend an hour in a space that was kept under 32 degrees, I asked. He replied, that if possible 28 degrees or lower would be better. Mother said we are able to house 10,000 at 28 degrees and the ships could be moved empty.  If that is the case we will go for it, and will make the ships and people ready in an hour, he said. Signing off, we went over the possible flaws in the plan. If this goes through without a hitch I will contact the other Motherships to meet us here asap. The ships that were to be used on the first run came toward the Mothership and halted at the screen. They totaled 5 large vessels and a couple small ones. Dropping the shield we had them close to the opposite side from our portal. Once there, mother ran a tunnel to one ship at a time to empty them out; leaving a skeleton crew to maneuver them in place for the trip. Using the command ship, we picked up the crews and put them in the hanger which maintained a constant 28 degrees. When all ships had been evacuated and the crews had been brought aboard, we signaled Lt. Darr we were ready to commence with the voyage. He gave his assent, but wanted to go also. His ship came along side and through the tunnel he came. We welcomed him aboard and asked that he have his people sit down on the benches and strap themselves in. At one chime we would be starting. At three chimes, they were free to move about. When the single chime rang again, they would need to strap in again. At that time we will be dropping out of star drive and slowing down to a dead stop. Mother will turn on the vid screens and they will be able to see their new home. One minute to start chime. Please strap in.  Carefully watching the ships we started. They were following along behind us very nicely. As we picked up speed, still no problem. It seemed like we were crawling, but finally #1 switched on the star drive. We were blind until we dropped out of star drive in a little over an hour.  Mother started to reduce speed and turn to the side. Once the ships were ahead of us entering the solar system, mother sped up enough to slow the ships to a stop. Three chimes sounded and the new inhabitants of this solar system looked upon their new home. Lt. Darr asked they be taken to their ships so they could check for any possible damage. Mother told him to get a crew organized and be ready in half an hour. Taking the command ship out in the forward port we pulled up to the cargo hold and ran a corridor to them. The hanger still at 28 degrees was where they were seated. We then proceeded to take them to the first ship. We opened a corridor and soon they were checking the ship for damage or tech problems. Once finished, they were ready to enter the next. Using a second of our large ships, #2 loaded the ship full of colonists and unloaded them onto the first ship. We followed this process till we had everyone on his or her ship. Lt. Darr then asked to return with us to make his report. The alien ships started the short trip to their new home as we left. When we got back to the prior spot, we took the Lt. To the lead ship. The whole trip from start to finish took just over three hours.  If the people stayed in their ships, we could do a trip in half the time.  Back in the hanger we took the lift to the dining room level and proceeded to have a minor celebration. Mother sent word to the other “Motherships” to come as soon as they could. When they arrive, an explanation of the process would be the first order of business. She signed off with “have a safe journey”. Now was a good time to take a break. #2 was going to go over the command ship and the other ship used in transfer.  He then would take his break. Andromeda and I went up to the solarium and relaxed with a nice glass of wine. It wasn't long before mother chimed and appeared. She asked if I had taken the time to file a report. I shook my head no and told her when the last ship was in that solar system, I would personally report what had transpired. She didn't look very happy, but I reiterated that this was on my shoulders, my orders, and if I failed, no one but me would be responsible. I alone would take the heat. Mother faded out and left us to savor our wine. Thinking over what he'd said to mother made him realize she was left out of some of the things that had taken place.  He made an excuse to Andromeda and said he would meet her at the sauna shortly.  He then headed to the solarium. Getting a good stiff drink, he sat down and summoned mother. Mother appeared and settled into a chair opposite him. He started off by letting her know some things had been withheld from her and the rest of them. He then told her of his meeting with “the watcher”, Manara. She helped him without knowing what he had planned. Without knowing, she could not be held responsible for his failure if that is what happened. On the other hand, if he succeeded then he would be sure she got the credit for its success. Mother thought there was something amiss, and knowing him, she would find out eventually. Standing up she told him, if she could she would've given him a big hug just then. I will keep this conversation just between you and me, she said. Then she faded away.
CHAPTER 5 Transfer
I had just entered command quarters when Mother chimed, and appeared. We have news from Commander Zin and the Lt.. “When we are all at the solarium pipe him through.” He messaged the crew to meet in the solarium and headed there himself.  As soon as everyone was seated she piped the Commander through via the vid screen. Commander Allonin, the population has been told of your successful transit with some of our ships. Though there is a level of uncertainty, they have voted to have you take all of them and their ships to the new planet. We are preparing all the ships and will be ready in a few hours. We will be under your orders till the transfer is finished and we appreciate all you are doing for us.” Allonin then told him that any and all credit should go to “the watchers.” He was simply their tool and always did what was best for this galaxy.  After breaking connection, Mother said she had been in touch with the other two Motherships and they were on their way It would be about six hours before they arrived. Knowing we had a good sixteen hours of non stop transits soon, we had a bite to eat and headed for a place to take a catnap.
It seemed they had just dropped off when mother chimed. Time to get moving.  The first to arrive was the “Sunburst”; commanded by Captain Trist. After thanking them for the offer of help, we let mother and the other central mind go over all that we had done. Transfer of co-ordinates and time schedules had been worked out so as when one ship left the next would gather ships inside their shields and as soon as the first ship reemerged the next one would leave. Then the third ship would load and wait. This way we hoped that no two star drives would be in a position to damage another ship while in transit. Captain Trist offered an alternative way to handle the transfer by moving the co-ordinates by.05 of a percentage point. There would be a quarter of a light year difference in the emergence point. Doing the same for the return would also work.  Three points for going and three points for return. The Ships could cover the quarter light year in about thirty minutes. That would gain a lot of time going and coming. There would be no wait time for a ship to leave or return.  I looked at mother; her eyes were closed. When she opened them she said that it would work. Just then the second ship arrived. Mother said it would be easier and faster if she brought the other ship up to speed. I concurred with a nod. When mother was through, she said it was time to start moving those ships.
Getting in touch with Commander Zin, we said we were ready to start. As Our Mothership stopped in front of them, about fifty ice ships moved in behind us. We told them to power down all engines and we would take it from there. Mother extended the shields to surround them and brought the shields to maximum. Slowly we started moving; gaining speed and putting the co-ordinates into the bridge console. When velocity hit minimal, #1 engaged the star drive. We sat back and waited sipping on a beverage of choice. Within seconds of when we were to arrive, the star drive shut down. Mother swung our ship around and proceeded to apply force to slow and finally stop. She released the shields and the ships were free to go to their new home.  The leader of the first group of ships thanked us and stood by as we left.  Putting in co-ordinates for the return, we gained speed and entered stare drive. When we dropped out of star drive we kept our speed up to cover the quarter light year we were from our starting point. We noted upon entering our solar system the other Mother ships had left. Hailing Commander Zin, we related that all went well and we were ready for the next set of ships.   Again, we surrounded the ships with the screens and Radioed we were starting. This trip was a repeat of the first one. Looking at the frozen planet, we could see a large number of ships in orbit. Saying farewell, we turned and headed back home. Following the same procedure we stopped and took a quick count of the remaining ships. Just under a hundred and we could easily handle that many. Commander Zin sent a message that the other ships had no problems in transit. We turned and gathered the ships in close and spread the shields out around them. I had mother send a note to him that we were ready to start. We again started the procedure and into star drive we went. Dropping out of star drive we noticed the two Mother ships and a large number of the ice ships nearby. Releasing the last of the ice ships, we drifted over to the other Motherships Opening a channel, mother thanked both of them and owed them a debt of gratitude for their help. Seeing as this planet was in Commander Trist's quadrant, I offered to look in on this solar system if he was in a position where he was short of time on another problem. We were relatively close, so, no long journey was involved. He said he'd remember that and it was time to get back on the beat. Both ships turned and headed in opposite directions. Soon they were gone. Mother sent a message to Commander Zin that we were setting up to leave. They thanked us again and wished us well.
Turning away from the planet, we headed for home. We needed a twenty four hour layover to get all systems checked and make any repairs needed. As Andromeda and I were sitting down to enjoy a quiet meal, Mother chimed and appeared in a chair opposite us. She took it upon herself to remind me I had a report due to “the watchers”. I told her I was thinking of having her do it, but I couldn't be that mean to her. Knowing that the report was going to take time to consider and write it, I left the two of them and went to my office. Writing that, due to the consideration and input from Manara, We were able to relocate a race of people who had lost their planet due to overheating and were in desperation were trying to find a new home. She and my crew outdid themselves in accomplishing this trying ordeal. Thanks also to the Commanders in quadrant two and four for their timely help. In accomplishing this relocation, we now have another friendly race among us. I might also add, they look upon “the watchers” as a very fine friend and benefactor. I sat there thinking about Manara, and to my surprise, she appeared at the doorway to my office. Mother had informed her I was writing the report on the relocation of a race that was homeless. Manara asked if I would like to have her take it back to the council. I thought that it would be better if her and the other two met me in our usual place in about an hour if possible. "See you then." With a smile she was gone. Then mother appeared and looked around. One of them was here, she said. I messaged her to meet me in the room where the sauna was located in an hour. He also messaged Andromeda that he'd have to meet her in the dining room at dinner time as he would be occupied till then. He then proceeded to the bath to shower and get ready for the coming meeting.
He entered the room ahead of schedule with an attendant to arrange end tables around the divan and plush chairs Setting glasses on a table behind him, he instructed the attendant to open a semi sweet and also a fruity bottle of wine; keeping them chilled on ice. As he sat there, mother appeared and sat next to him. "Expecting someone," she asked?  He nodded and continued looking at the area around the divan.  On the exact second to the hour, the three of them appeared and proceeded to be seated.  The attendant went to each with both bottles in hand. After they had a drink in hand, Allonin stood and handed each of them a copy of the report. He waited till they had a chance to peruse the document; then offered to answer any questions they might have. The “watcher on Manara's right looked at Allonin and said, "You took quite a chance by putting your Mothership and two others in danger." He looked straight back and answered, "The danger was small compared to what could be gained by helping another race to settle peacefully among us and knowing what we accomplished was in your name. If this was wrong, then I shoulder the blame. No one knew what I was up to until it was too late to turn back. As their commander I ordered them to do what I thought necessary to accomplish this mission." The other “watcher” then asked, "What role did Manara play in this mission."  Mother interjected that on orders she had sent a query to Manara asking if there was a chance of getting together with the Motherships on either side. The reasoning was the commander that had needed our assistance a while back.  It was Manara who should get the credit as we couldn't have accomplished this without those other ships. Both “watchers” looked at each other then nodded. Standing up with Manara close behind, they raised their glasses and toasted Manara for helping us and our crew for the fine effort in accomplishing it. The two “watchers" bid us farewell and faded away.  Manara looked at us with a blank stare and then smiled. "You have amazed me again Allonin", she said. Looking at mother, she said that mother was spending too much time with me; But that's not bad. With a smile and a wink she was gone. Mother looked at me and said,” she's right you know. A little of you has rubbed off on all of us.” Then mother was gone. Sitting down, he finished his drink and told the attendant to clear things up. Then he got up and headed to the dining room and dinner. After a delicious meal, Andromeda and he went up to observation deck to enjoy a quiet minute and savor a drink. After they had settled into a soft couch, He told her everything that had transpired in that empty room; that wasn't so empty anymore. Mother must have whispered in her ear as she seemed to know the right questions to ask him. She had misgivings about what “the watchers" take would be on this little escapade. Not to worry, he told her. There is another peace loving race that owe their allegiance to them. Changing the subject, she wanted to know when they were starting off on their rounds. He said, we already have. Didn't you notice the view is blank outside. With a look of consternation, she said she thought it would be a good idea to visit the sauna and hot tub so we could relieve the aches and pains from the extended hours we had worked. He really couldn't argue with that, as he had a number of aches and pains. After the time spent in the sauna and tub they were both ready for bed. Cuddling up beside him she kissed him goodnight and was soon fast asleep. Shortly after, he joined her.
CHAPTER 6 Unexpected Trouble
After a good nights sleep, Allonin was ready to meet a new day.  Tip-toeing out to the living room, he went to the unit and ordered breakfast for Andromeda and himself.  He had just started his coffee when she walked out of the bedroom. He poured her a cup of coffee and handed her a plate of steaming bacon, eggs, and toast. She smiled and started to eat. Between mouthfuls, she asked what the agenda was for today. With a smile he told her that a light workout and a run around the outer corridor was the first order of business; followed by a thirty minute soak in the hot tube.  Then a shower and a checkup of what if anything was in his office to attend to. Afterward he would be free for whatever she wanted to do.  Later that, day they dropped out of star drive at their first stop.  The planet prime 111 had been a peaceful planet for a number of years. So it was no surprise that the tapes were mundane. After a twelve hour layover, they said goodbye to the minister of the planet and again entered star drive to go to their next stop. Their second stop was much like the first. They exchanged pleasantries with the leaders, and checked the tapes since their last visit. They turned around, inserted the co-ordinates for the next stop and went into star drive. In less than twenty four hours they were dropping out of star drive. The ship coasted to Xandor and was entered into an orbit about the planet. Checking the tapes, there seemed to be nothing amiss. Mother chimed and appeared at the commanders office. He asked her if there was something wrong. No, she replied; Then asked him the same question.   Something was nagging him, but he couldn't put his finger on it. Mother was about to leave when he asked her to scan the planet. She disappeared for a minute, then came back to tell him there was fissionable material being used on the planet. It's somewhere in the mountains on the southern continent.
Allonin messaged Andromeda to meet him at the command ship. They were going for a ride. He then told mother to inform Mr. Pender, the Xandor leader, that he was going to investigate a scan reading in the southern hemisphere. He went to the closet and grabbed the cape and belt. As he was leaving, it occurred to him that it might be wise to take the weapon along with him. As he entered the command ship Andromeda was right behind him.  He told her the co-ordinates to put into the ships computer and left through the portal. As they cruised past the shields he messaged mother to keep shields at peak energy. As they entered the atmosphere they activated the cloak device and slowed so as not to leave a vapor trail.  When they were within a half mile of the scanned site, they landed. As they stepped through the portal, Allonin set a pod so they could find the ship when they returned. When within a couple hundred yards he turned on the cloak and his private shield; setting it at 2. As they got within a hundred feet, he saw a small group of men running from a prefab building.  They may be small, less than forty inches high, but could outrun most anything on the planet.  He was just about to call out when a blinding flash erupted from the building. He instantly turned and pulling Andromeda to him, he fell toward the ground.  A few minutes later Andromeda eased herself from under Allonin and looked around. Everything within a mile of the building was burned beyond recognition.
She turned around to say something to Allonin and almost fainted. He was still face down, but from his feet to his head there was nothing the cloak, skin, and muscle was gone His bones glistened in the sunlight. Bending down she felt for a pulse on his neck. It was there, but faint. She messaged mother to have the med in the hanger. She picked him up very gently and ran as fast as she could back to the ship. She pushed the ship as fast as she dared in the atmosphere and burst through the shields and skidded into the hanger. Before she had things shut down #1 was there and carrying Allonin to the isolation tube. Doing a quick scan, mother said it didn't look good. She sent a message to “the watchers” about what happened and the scan they had done on Allonin. The message had hardly been sent when Manara appeared. She put her hands on the tube and closed her eyes. Abruptly opening them, she said he would have to go with her if there was any chance of his survival.
Looking at the five of them, she asked if they could carry on and cover for him for a few months. With only two more solar systems to check on, they thought they could barring any major problems.  Manara put her hands on the tube and it vanished right along with her. Andromeda was lost in a sea of emotions. Everything that was life to her was now gone. She might never see him again. #1 walked over and led her to the lift. Taking her by the arm he escorted her to command quarters. She didn't think she could go in there without Allonin, but #1 sat her down, ordered a stiff drink for both of them and made her realize that they all had to see this through to the end. They had to stick together for the sake of Commander Allonin. After a few minutes he arose and said he would keep watch on the bridge while she got a little rest. As #1 entered the bridge, mother appeared and asked how she was. She will definitely sleep for awhile since I put a sedative in her drink. Mother asked if there was anything she could do and he answered, a second body would be needed for the next shift on the bridge. I'll see to it she said and disappeared.  A week later as they were entering the home solar system and getting ready for Mars orbit Manara appeared. Gathering everyone together she gave them the news. Allonin would survive, but they had put him in a stasis chamber to speed recovery of his body. Within a few weeks he would be able to return. After a group hug, they thanked Manara for the good news. She couldn't tell them all the news.  Even Allonin didn't know what had transpired the last month.
In a medical building in the  main city of “the watchers”, Manara looked down at the body of Commander Allonin. It would be but a few days and he would awaken. His body would look a little different; but his mind was completely healed. She touched the chamber wall and thought to him this message. When you awaken you will be well again. However, you must let us help you the first few days till you have complete control of your body. An answering thought was sent to her; "THANK YOU!" With a smile, she left the room to go about her duties. It was just over twenty four hours when Allonin woke up. He was bewildered by the fact that he was not on the Mothership Sending his senses out, he found numerous minds in his vicinity. He sent a thought asking, Where am I? A soft voice came into his head that he knew. “Manara”! Within a minute she was there beside the chamber. We will get you out in a minute, she said. Two Med robots opened the chamber and removed the cables and restraints from his body. Slowly they aided him into a sitting position.  As they left Manara came over and sat down in front of him. Again her mind entered his and showed him what had happened when that device blew up. You were in very poor condition; so we brought you to our planet and worked to save your life. In a day or two you will be able to move freely on your own. The med robots are bringing you some food. It will look a little strange and taste a little unusual, but will do your body a world of good. After eating try to relax, and if possible, sleep. I will return tomorrow and help you adjust to being alive again. She arose and with a smile turned and left. In came the food and it was odd but he ate all of it. He then laid back down and in a minute was fast asleep. True to her word, Manara was back the next morning. Slowly, with the help of a robot he got up and walked around for a minute. Seating himself, he thought he was going to be all right. They brought him more food, which he devoured in short order. Again he got up, this time unaided. Manara asked if he felt like a walk; maybe outside to get a little sunshine. Great idea, he thought. Outside they went and found a bench in the shade of a tree to sit and look around. As he glanced around he saw tall spires, overhead what looked like a monorail, and a number of species he had never seen. Manara sent a thought, this is the capital city and many ambassadors come to ask for as well as offer aid. There are only four cities on the planet; one on each continent. We love to have nature in surplus. It is time for you to start rebuilding your physical body. The robots will take you to a gym where you can start exersizing to get your body in shape. I will be making arrangements for a place you can occupy till we deem you are ready to return to active duty.
He stood up and with Manara by his side, he walked back into the medical building. There, two robots took him to an exercise room and got him started on reclaiming his body. Within a few days he was back to about ninety percent efficiency. Manara messaged him she was on the way to see him. When he walked out of the gym she was waiting for him. Allonin, she said, we need to talk. They entered a non descriptive building and went to a dining area. As they sat there with their beverage of choice She went on to say; It was time he got the rest of the news about his lease on life. “When You were brought here there was little chance of your survival. A seer here saw a future event was going to bring you to the brink of death. A week later another seer came to tell us that your only chance of survival was a procedure never attempted before. After a complete exam it was agreed that this procedure was indeed the only way to save your life. A small amount of your blood was needed to be blended with a like amount of ours. Seeing as I was the closest to you, I was asked to donate the sample. I had no problem doing this and we immediately blended the samples and injected them into you as we put you in the stasis chamber. As you can see it was successful. There are side affects however. You are taller, senses are more acute, skin tone a little lighter, And you can transport to places you have been before. In time you will be able to go just about anywhere just by a thought. You are now really one of us. We have no idea what other abilities will show up as you become whole mentally. As things stand right now, we need you on your Mothership Your ship is in orbit around the planet you call Mars. Picture any part of the ship you remember and you will be there. He closed his eyes, and when he opened them, he was in his office. Immediately, mother appeared. With a gasp, she asked him how he got there. Thinking this was not the time to tell all, he said Manara had transported him.
She noticed a difference in him, but said nothing. He asked if everyone was planet side and whether Andromeda was okay. She replied okay to both questions. Did they take the command ship or was it still in the hanger he asked.” Your ship and everything else is as you left it about three months ago.” He thanked her, then said “I'm going down to Mars and meet with them. I will be back tomorrow." He left the office and went down to the hanger. Opening up the portal, he moved the ship outside; Then eased it through the screens and down to the city he went.  Mother messaged the crew that he was back and heading down to the city.   As he landed next to the other ship on the pad; he noticed the crew walking toward him. Mother must have messaged he was on his way. He hurried down to the portal and exited the ship and was met with smiles and slaps on the back. Andromeda walked up and gave him a big hug and kiss to welcome him home. As a group, they headed to the nearest tavern to hash over the last couple of months with a good drink to keep them company. They informed him that Major Joran had been able to pinpoint from where the signal to set off the device had come from. A company of elite soldiers had decided they could run the planet better than those in charge now. The destruction of their first weapon had slowed them down. The second had already been started at that time; so they felt they could get the next one ready before anyone figured out who was behind this.  Being in the military, they had notice when the Mothership had arrived. Suspecting they would be found out, they blew up the device killing a dozen fellow soldiers in the process. They had no idea that Andromeda and Allonin were anywhere  near the launch site  They were all rounded up, tried in a military court and sentenced to death within a week. Not knowing that you both still lived, the leaders sent condolences to the Mothership and thanked the crew for aiding them.  Andromeda carried you to the ship and upon arrival you were put in a stasis chamber. Mother messaged “the watchers” about your condition and Manara was there within a minute. She placed her hand on the chamber and told us you had to go with her for any chance of you surviving. We heard nothing for a week. Manara came and told us you would live, but would need time to recover. Within weeks she thought you would be back to the Mothership and your health would be about eighty percent.  #1 thought there was some change in his physical shape. Taller, thinner, and skin tone was a shade lighter. Allonin laughed it off and told them he was still recovering from his ordeal.
To change the subject he asked Andromeda how she had done since the explosion. Aside from the shock and seeing him near deaths door, she was back to her old normal self.  Mother appeared and reminded them they were to leave within forty eight hours. Allonin begged off partying and wanted to get some shuteye. He left, with Andromeda beside him, to go to their quarters planet side. Upon entering the suite, he went directly to the server and had a drink ordered for both of them. As he turned, he noticed she was staring at him. Something wrong, he asked. Not really was her answer, but #1 is right. There has been subtle changes in you.  There will be more before I'm a hundred percent. Finishing their drink they went and lay down on the bed. Once settled, Andromeda asked him, what really happened when you were with “the watchers”? You were not going to live according to mother. He then told her that to save his life they had done an experimental process. "His blood and one of “the watchers” blood sample had been bonded together and inserted into him. There was little or no chance of it working, but it did. They, nor I, have any idea what mental or physical changes may happen. Whatever the results, I am alive and feel no pain or discomfort as of now.”, She seemed satisfied at his answer as she cuddled up next to him and that's the way they fell asleep.
CHAPTER 7 Earth Needs Help
The next several weeks were of no consequence.  They soon returned to Mars and settled in for some R&R. After a day or two, Allonin got an itch to go check on Earth and see what had transpired in the last three years. Andromeda would not be left behind; so he took her with him. They entered the bridge of the command ship and proceeded to exit the Mothership Then slowly they passed through the screens and headed for Earth. Once in orbit, they ran a number of tests. Natural adjustments to the environment had gotten to a point and then stalled. They sent the data to mother for her to analyze.  Within a short period of time they received the results. The ozone layer was not rebuilding as was expected. At the current rate, it would take nearly two hundred years. Leaving orbit, they returned back to the Mothership He thought, For the rest of the day, through lunch, and into dinner,  to think of a way to speed things up.  Leaving the dining room, he went up to the observation deck. Sitting down with a drink in hand and Andromeda with hers, he watched the moon and stars and kept on thinking. How do you take a large amount of gas and transport it from one place to another.  Suddenly, he had an idea. Why not do the same as divers did; compress it in a tank and release it when needed. Mother, come here, he said. She appeared immediately. Looking at him, she knew there was something hatching in that brain of his. The question was what, when, and where. He proceeded to ask if she knew how big a tank or balloon could be constructed and could it be towed like those iceberg ships had been. Secondly, was there an uninhabited planet in our sector with an abundance of ozone? Finally, is there anything available that could gather a huge amount of ozone and compress it into the tank or balloon? While you work on that, I need to get in touch with Josh down in the city. He put in a call to mayor Walker and asked if Josh could be made available tomorrow after breakfast. The mayor told him Josh would be at the center by nine o'clock. Breaking the connection, he ordered a round of champagne to celebrate a new project to work on. Mother left and soon he and Andromeda went to their quarters. As he was preparing to turn down the lights, he noticed a funny look on her face. With a sigh, he smiled and knew it would be a little while before he fell asleep. As requested, Josh met him at the center at 9 sharp.
“Josh, I need your help with a problem we are having with the reclamation of Earth's atmosphere. If we could measure the amount of ozone surrounding the planet; would we then be able to compute the amount of ozone needed to make the planet habitable again?” Josh, then explained, knowing what the measured amount was when we left and using records from the eighteen hundreds He would have an answer in no time. Patting him on the back, he turned and headed for the command ship. Knowing that Josh had a very unusual mind, he probably would have an answer in a few days. He was feeling very good this morning with what had been accomplished. After setting his ship in it's cradle, he took the lift to his quarters and sat down in the office to look at  the information that had accumulated in the last two days.  As he stood to leave, he sensed someone nearby. There in the doorway stood Manara Walking over to him, she gently touched his forehead with her fingers and announced that he was in fine health. "We have to check on you every once in awhile to be sure nothing is amiss." Seeing as she had stopped by, he proceeded to tell her what he had in mind to expedite the reclamation of Earth. Ozone was the problem and he was working on a solution to it.  "With mother's help, you will have a solution in no time, she said."  He told her he would have Mother send a progress report as they made inroads to solving it. Manara again gave him that little smile and wink as she disappeared. With everything taken care of for today, He messaged Andromeda to see if she felt like a little sauna and hot tub time with wine and cheese. She was there almost before he had time to set things up.  As they lazed in the sauna, he brought her up to date on the ozone project and Manara's visit. Andromeda was inquisitive as to why Manara had popped in. She came to check on my health and well being. It's amazing how she can touch my forehead and know all about my physical and mental health.
Andromeda thought it was time to get out of the sauna and into the hot tub. She grabbed the wine and glasses and left the food for me to bring. Too soon the yawning started and we both agreed it was time for bed and a good night sleep. Not long afterward they were sound asleep. The next morning Mother was chiming without end. Wake up she said. I have the information you wanted.  There is a material that acts like rubber but is stronger than steel. It is processed on a little world toward the center of the Galaxy. We need it to stretch out to about two thousand cubic feet. The Mothership can handle an object that size, but not larger. I've already sent questions about size and tube opening. With luck there may be a Mothership heading toward us that can pick it up and meet us; thereby saving time. I haven't had any luck in finding a motor for suction to gather up the ozone. I just got an idea said Andromeda.“What if we attached the balloon to the underside of the Mothership, and moving at a slow speed we gradually enter the atmosphere. The ozone would enter the tube along with air. Ozone being lighter would gather at the top of the balloon and the command ship could coast along the underside opening a valve to let the air escape. All we need do is figure at what rate the ozone would enter to know when to stop and shut the intake valve and the escape valve.”  Mother thought that was a great idea as did Allonin. He again went to Josh with the idea. Josh got a vacant look on his face. Then said he could probable have an answer about the same time as he calculated the amount of ozone needed. Away he went talking to himself as he walked down the sidewalk. He knew it would take time for all the plans to come together. After a long discussion it was agreed to put the plan into action when they returned from their rounds.
CHAPTER 8 A Large Problem
We were just completing our first stop when every siren, chime, and alert went off throughout the Mothership. We were all scrambling to our stations when mother shut off the alarms. She alerted us to the problem; a fighter ship had blown up in the military hanger. The ship was a complete loss and the pilot was not expected to live. He was so badly injured they didn't bother with life support or stasis. #2 immediately headed to the hanger to find out why the ship had blown up. I messaged mother to see if there was anything I could do. Without an answer from her, I messaged if a funeral capsule would be appropriate. She said that would be a very good idea. The rest of his wing would want to be in attendance to see him off. See to it. Have the capsule and the wing at the command ship Tomorrow at noon. She answered; "yes sir."  I messaged Andromeda to meet me in the solarium and headed there myself. As we sat on a couch, I admitted to her this death and how to handle it was new to me and wondered if she had been through this in her history. She had, and told me what I proposed to do was far better than anything she had attended in her life. She asked to be there when we sent the capsule toward it's final destination; the sun. I expected her to be there without a formal invite, and told her so. At noon the following day we went through the shields and stopped. I then paid a tribute to our fallen comrade and as I saluted I pushed the release button and watched as the capsule sped away. I shook hands with each pilot and thanked them for the way they were always ready to go out to defend all within the Mothership. I turned the ship back to the hanger and watched as they went back to the military hanger.  #2 returned to tell me a leak in a manifold had allowed antimatter into the engine and caused the explosion. He had a crew going over every unit to be sure this was not going to happen again. Within a few hours we were on our way to our next system.  We were headed up to the dining room when a shimmer in front of me alerted me that a “watcher” was about to arrive. It was Manara and she needed to join us as she had important information to relay to me.
After ordering our meal, I asked her what was so important she had to see me now. We have a major problem with Helorus iv. Their ambassador has petitioned us to try and save his planet from utter destruction. They have a rogue asteroid entering their solar system that will hit the planet and possibly destroy it. Right now you are the closest ship to that solar system. We need you there and hopefully see a resolution to this problem. Whatever aid we can supply you with is yours for the asking. I stopped her at that point and asked, "why me?" After an emergency meeting was held, It became obvious that you were our best hope. I'm sorry as I was the one who brought your name up. I then asked her, what is the time line before they collide. She replied that their estimate was about sixty days. I messaged mother to put co-ordinates for Helorus iv into the bridge console and head there immediately. Mother answered, it would take about forty hours to reach the solar system. We couldn't really come up with a solution till we saw the size of it. However, we all met at the solarium to hash over possible plans when ever we could. One option we threw out immediately. There wasn't enough time to attach a star drive to it and use it to move it away. Other options were discussed and tossed aside. To soon we dropped out of star drive and slowed down to enter the solar system. Opening a channel we asked their representative if any plans had been made to move some of the population off planet. They had started to build temporary shelters on the next planet out and hoped they might move about twenty thousand citizens there by the end of the month. If you can build more shelters, we would be able to move more of them faster.  If we can't destroy or move the asteroid away, we can at the last minute take about ten thousand in the mother ship unless you aren't compatible with oxygen and the food our servers can supply. Let me check with our scientists and I will call you back. Mother chimed and appeared beside me. Her purpose was to let me know, there would be minimal problems with the transfer of their people onto the Mothership Their food is similar to ours and we have ample room for a short period of time. "We'll consider it", was his reply. We broke off the connection and mother suggested we go see this asteroid.
Using the co-ordinates sent by “the watchers”, we swung around by forty five degrees and slowly made our way to where it was supposed to be. As we got closer, I thought this asteroid was a little on the large size. I had mother increase magnification to get a better look.  Then I got real nervous. This thing was no asteroid; it was a small planet! I asked mother to give us the measurements and she replied; "It is eight hundred miles in diameter and a little less from pole to pole." It was definitely time for a group meeting. We met at the dining room and got the news from mother; it was a little over two weeks till collision, And more bad news. The longer we waited to formulate a plan the more we'd have to move it so as to miss the planet. Her calculations to blow it up were astronomical in the amount of power needed to completely break it apart. We didn't have time enough to attach a series of star drives to move it. Other alternatives were brought up and discarded. As we were about to break for lunch, Manara appeared and asked if we had any answers yet. I hated to let her down but I said we hadn't come up with anything so far. She asked me if I would take a minute out to have a private chat with her. Looking around, I saw the heads nodding. I looked at her and nodded. No sooner than the blink of an eye we were in my office. “Allonin, I Must apologize for offering your name to the council as the best hope we had for saving this planet and it's people. If for some reason this can't be accomplished, I will take the responsibility for the failure; not you.” In response, I told her we haven't lost hope and neither should she.  Next thing I knew I was back in the dining room with my team minus Manara They all looked at me for answers, but I couldn't say anything about my chat with Manara. Mother said it was time for a meal and as she didn't eat, she said she had things to check on around the ship and disappeared. We sat in silence while we ate; each one alone with their thoughts. There just has to be a way to move that asteroid, he thought.
Just at the edge of his mind he thought he had seen the answer to the problem; but it was gone in an instant. I told the group, I thought it would be a good idea to break up the meeting and go do something different and meet back here at dinner time. I looked at Andromeda and she nodded her head and gave a quick smile. I got up and left the room with her right behind me.  I beat her to the sauna and was already seated and adding water to increase the steam by the time she got in.  Then we sat back and enjoyed the quiet. We went in and showered, dressed in sweats, and took a long walk around the perimeter of the Mothership. Soon after, we dressed for dinner and went to the dining room. As we waited for the others, I mulled over the proposals from earlier over a glass of wine. There again was that fleeting thought at the edge of my thoughts. The more I concentrated on it the more upset I got. We spent the rest of the evening jotting down possible ways to get rid of that rock, to no avail. We went back to our quarters and readied ourselves for a fitful nights sleep. Just as I entered REM, that stray thought reentered my mind. This time I mentally grabbed it and held it while I went through the possibility of whether it would work or not. I jumped out of bed and ran to the office. Once there I jotted down the idea along with ways to accomplish it. I went back to bed, ready for some shut eye.
Waking up early, I jumped out of bed and ran into the living room to order breakfast and a pot of coffee. Andromeda, hearing movement out in the living room, grabbed a robe and joined me on the couch. "What has you jumping up and running this morning", she asked. I told her I might have an answer to the problem, but wanted to wait till we were all together so I would only have to say it once. After breakfast I went into the office and put the papers in a case; putting them by the exit. It wasn't long before mother chimed and appeared on a lounge chair across from us. Received a call from the planet. They will have roughly ten thousand citizens on the edge of the desert; thirty six hours before collision. he was getting ready to disappear when I told her to get everyone to the dining area in half an hour. After she left, I went to get cleaned up and dressed for the meeting. Andromeda and I walked in at the appointed time and sat down. We ordered coffee from the vendor, took a sip and proceeded to tell them my wild idea. “knowing we can't blow it up, nor divide it into pieces, our only answer is to detour it around the planet; right?  Well, years ago we had a game on Earth where you tossed a ball toward a circle and tried to carom off an opponents ball to score. What if we did that here? Find an asteroid large enough that with enough speed could carom off the larger rock; knocking it onto a different path.”  Everyone looked at me with a vacant look till finally it hit home that it wasn't so crazy after all. Mother said she would compute the speed once we found the asteroid we thought we needed. Andromeda and I went directly to the bridge. We set co-ordinates to cover the outer part of the solar system. As we traveled slowly we found many to small and a few too large. Just when we were ready to call it quits, Andromeda saw an asteroid just outside the solar system. Upon further inspection, It would be perfect if we can move it and gain enough speed to carom off the side of the larger asteroid. We needed mother to compute the size and weight. Then we would know whether we could move it or not. Getting past that, gave us the answer. The screens would be able to pull or push the rock. She was still working on the trajectory.  Finally, she had the speed and trajectory needed to broadside the asteroid. It should move it about six degrees away from the planet. There would still be bad storms, tidal waves, and some volcanic eruptions. By and large, it was a game saver. I told mother to relay this to the leader on the planet so they could move some of the population to safer places.  I then asked her when was the start point to get this rock moving and had she put the co-ordinates into the bridge computer. She said we had about thirty minutes if we use the shields to push it in the proper path.  We moved behind the rock and with the shields on low we just touched it. Then with drink in hand, we waited.
Finally the countdown started. I told #1 to energize the shields when we reached ten on the countdown. I sat there nervously waiting. At ten #1 engaged the shields and at one I started the engines. If we could have used the star drive, we would be done. Now we just waited as the engines pushed the rock faster and faster. Mother appeared and said that when the timing clock got down to one minute we were to veer off and collapse the shields for about ten seconds. After that we could energize the shields again. Then we wait and see if I was a hero or a bum. It seemed like an eternity, waiting for the signal to release and veer off.  At two minutes a warning chime alerted us that time to release was near. I told #1 to drop the shields right after I turned the ship. At zero I turned her and I felt a shiver as the shields dropped. Then another as #1 re-energized them. I pushed the engines as fast as they would go and prayed it all worked. Mother was filming the minute of impact and for several minutes afterward. She notified us the asteroid had actually moved seven degrees.  That meant less damage on the planets surface. Mother plotted the course of the asteroid and it would fall into the sun in about a three months. We sat there for some time before we got word from the plant leaders. Fatalities were less than a thousand and repairs would be done in a month. They said they didn't know how to thank us but were happy that we were there in their time of need. I went to my office and sent a brief report on our success and that they would be getting a full report from the ambassador. I messaged mother to turn us around and head for home. YES SIR, was the reply.
CHAPTER 9 The Ozone Problem
After three days we arrived back at Mars. For the next two weeks, everyone has shore leave. No one, and I repeat no one was going to bother them for the next two weeks. Andromeda and I headed down in the command ship along with #1 and 2. As we landed on the pad there were a few people there to greet us.  Mayor Walker with Mary at his side was first in line. Robert and Betty Griffen with Sam and Bobby were next. Lastly, Josh and Alice Stood by; a little hesitant to be in the group.  I had a feeling mother was behind this, but said nothing. With hand shakes and pats on the back along with hugs from Andromeda we made it clear we were glad to be back. Up to city center we walked. Inside we went to a dining area. Everyone got their order and we sat down to eat and gossip with our friends. Taking turns, each had a number of things to relate since we had left. When, at last, Josh was the only one left to speak, he said that he had those Ozone computations done I had asked for. He then laid a brief case on the table next to me. I glossed over what had been happening on our last circuit, but Andromeda interrupted me and related everything that had happened to me. She also made it clear that Helorus iv would be nothing but dust if I hadn't come up with a brilliant plan to move a moon sized asteroid a few degrees off course so as to miss the planet. We saved over a billion members of that race. She then related how an atomic device had detonated. In saving her, he had taken the blast on his back side. Thanks to “the watchers”, they managed to save him. Everyone just sat there and stared at him. Finally, the mayor spoke up and said we needed to celebrate my resurrection. With the tension broken we continued with lunch. I asked what had happened to Amie, and Robert explained she was in a med lab right in the middle of an extraordinary experiment on gene manipulation. Well, tell her we said hi and if she makes progress, we would like hear about it. After lunch we begged off any more news and really wanted to go to our suite and veg out. After we got to our 2nd home, I sat down with the brief case and opened it up." Oh no you don't" she said. She grabbed the case and put it away. When she got back she was adorned in a very nice swim suit. She tossed a matching suit at me and said she would wait while I changed. Down to one of several pools we went. I noticed a few stares as we entered the water. With my extended hearing I was able to tell that many of them didn't remember me. Soon all of them were reminded that their lives and home planet were saved by me and my team. The diving and splashing soon resumed and slowly the open space around us disappeared. Soon, we had had enough of the water. We spread our beach towels on the sand and relaxed as we dried off. After a few minutes, a young boy and his sister in tow stopped in front of us and asked; “are you the space people that fly all over the universe?”  Andromeda opened one eye and nodded with a slight smile. “Could you tell us of some of the amazing creatures you met, he asked.” Andromeda opened both eyes and said, there are no monsters out there. We have met a number of species that do many of the same things as we do here.   His mother hurried over and apologized for the intrusion of her children. As she started to leave I asked her if the children would like a minor tour of my command ship. Their dad had just came over to see what had transpired and had heard the offer I made. Looking at his wife and the kids, He nodded and said they would love to see the ship when we had the time. Looking at Andromeda, she smiled and winked at the little boy and said how about in ten minutes. We have to change and will meet you outside the city center.
When we arrived the four of them were studying the ship, the kids asking dad how something that big could fly.  I chuckled as I heard the question. I said to him, let's find out; shall we. I pictured the portal opening and right behind them the opening appeared. Letting Andromeda lead the way we entered the ship and she led the way to the lift. I messaged her to take them to the bridge. As we exited the lift, I told them not to touch anything; just look around and ask any questions that you think of. After a few minutes and a dozen questions we took them up to the observatory deck.  Once there, I had Andromeda see what they would like for refreshments and excused my self for a minute. Going back to the bridge, I gently took the ship up and went into a high orbit. I asked mother to remove the cover on the observation deck. When I reentered the deck the kids were stupefied to see the city and the planet below them. Once they settled down again, I asked if they would like to meet mother; the heart and soul of this ship. The two little ones yelled yes immediately. There was mother standing right beside me. "Hello children, she said. Before you ask, I'm not a blue person, but a hologram. The Commander doesn't like to converse with someone he can't see." The kids laughed and relaxed again. After the snacks were finished, we settled the ship once more on the pad and walked the family to the portal. Mom and dad thanked us and said those kids would be talking about this for months.  I told them this was to be our base of operations for quite some time and we needed everyone to accept us and know we were there hoping Earth could join the Galactic community. As we walked back to the suite, Andromeda grabbed my hand, gave it a squeeze, and said what a marvelous idea that was to give them a ride in a space ship.  "Politics; strictly politics, I said". She just grinned and kept walking. The two weeks just flew by. I went into the office which seemed a bit odd after two weeks of R&R. The brief case was right where I'd left it. Taking the sheets out and reading the info written on them made me sit back with a smile. The Ozone project could be accomplished if we had the balloon and motorized equipment to go with it. I messaged mother and she appeared in an instant. I asked if she had received any word on the Equipment or the balloon. "The balloon was not going to be a problem. There was one stored near our quadrant that had been used in a black hole experiment. With it fully loaded, it can hold the equivalent of ten thousand square feet of material". “the watchers, hearing about our crazy idea, were working on the machinery that would gather as well as emit the contents of the balloon. Knowing their scientists they probably will come up with a prototype within a day or two. I sent a message to the city center, asking the mayor to give josh the info I had just received. "No problem", he replied.
Within an hour, Josh sent me the information I needed. It would take three trips to cover the open areas. We would have to start at the north pole and spread the first batch in low orbit till we reached the equator or near to it. The same would be done starting from the south pole to the equator. The third and final batch would have to wait till the coverage had settled and then fill any holes that were left.  It would take about forty eight hours for the ozone to settle. That being done will shorten the recovery to about five years. If we humans remember the lessons of the past, we should have a viable home for centuries to come. Now, we had to hope “the watchers would be able to construct the device for the balloon. While sitting there I messaged mother about delivery of the balloon and if she had computed the time element for the trip to the planet and back plus the time it would take to fill it. She messaged back she was working on it.  The balloon was on its way and would be here in three days. As he was about to rise and go for a drink, he felt the world around him go dark and he fell to the floor. As he was falling he called out Andy and that was all he was able to say.
Andromeda found him in less than a minute and called to Mother for help. Two attendants arrived along with a medic. They rushed him to a stasis chamber. He had slipped into a coma almost before he hit the floor.  The medics could find nothing with their instruments to account for his illness. As a last resort mother sent an urgent message to “the watchers.”  Manara appeared in seconds and went over to the stasis chamber and closed her eyes as she touched it. She opened her eyes and told them she was taking him to the home world so the scientists could run tests. There seemed to be no physical problem, but wanted to be sure he was going to be all right. Again, touching the chamber, she closed her eyes and both her and the chamber disappeared. Mother got in touch with Mars city and the crew to let them know there was a problem with Allonin and he had been transferred to “the watchers” home world for tests.
CHAPTER 10 A Time for the Truth
Allonin seemed to be drifting through a dense murky fog. As hard as he tried, he couldn't move in any one direction on his own. He felt like a tree limb floating down a raging river. His mind screamed for it to stop, but onward he sped. After what seemed like years of being pushed by a current he couldn't understand, He slowed to a stop and nothing moved around him. Then in an instant he was laying on a sunlit beach listening to the slap of waves against the sand. Looking around, it seemed that he was alone in a place where nothing lived. Finally he sat up and looked at his surroundings. Ocean, beach, and trees was all he saw. He yelled out, "is there anyone here?"  But no answer was forthcoming. As he sat there, he remembered that Manara had said, in time his physical and mental abilities might change. She had also said, with your mind alone you will someday be able to transport yourself anywhere you wish to go. He thought to himself, nothing ventured, nothing gained. So he thought of Manara and how he wanted to be there with her. He saw no difference when he looked around. Maybe he was trying to rush into using his mind before knowing his limitations. Closing his eyes he pictured a bunch of bananas.  He slowly opened his eyes and there beside him was a bunch of bananas. Well, at least he wouldn't starve. After eating a few he became thirsty, but he knew he couldn't drink the water from the ocean. Casting about with his senses he found there was a spring nearby. He could hear the water bubbling.
As he rose to go to the spring, a shadow formed in front of him. He stopped and stared at this phantom. Reaching out with all his senses he was unable to ascertain who or what it was. In his mind came a low voice that told him he was here to be tested. To return to his place and time he would need to search his mind for the answers needed to enlighten him as to what and who he was. He could also be the salvation for the race called “the watchers”. May you find the path needed to succeed. With that said, he vanished. Now he had more questions than before. He decided the best course of action was to get his thirst taken care of first, then a few more bananas, then find a shady spot to lie down and clear his mind. After finishing a few fruit, he went under the shade of a nearby tree and stretched out. Soon he was relaxed and started to open his mind to everything that had happened to him since he went into that space ship years ago.  As he sank deeper and deeper into his past, he got more and more relaxed. There were things from Quirmo's memories that he hadn't really looked at. Life had been fast paced since accepting the tri-rep position. Memories started rushing past and he had to exert will power to slow them down. As he neared the time of his collapse he couldn't find whatever it was that he needed to know to get back. He was lost in a universe he didn't understand. As he was about to give up a thought came to him. Trying to slow his heartbeat down He silently called for a seer on Manara's world. The first couple of tries he got nothing. The third try he put as much energy into the thought as he dared. An answer came back suddenly asking who had called. He sent her all the information he had and asked her to check their archives to see if others had been to this place and if any returned to their home.  She said she would get right on it and she now had a firm hold on the plane he was on. Spending the energy had made him tired. He fell asleep to dream of home. After some time, he awoke with the sense that someone was calling to him. It was the seer he had reached earlier. After much searching they had found references to three other “watchers" that had been where he was or a place close to it. They had delved deep inside to their core and there had found the way to return home. I sent the thought, I will see you shortly. I want to the spring and drank more water and ate more bananas, not knowing how long a period of time this was going to take. It might not work at all.
He, again, lay down under that shade tree and slowly cleared his mind. Slowly, he began to reach into the center of his core. Deeper and deeper he sank into his being not knowing what to expect. He was just at the edge of quitting when his minds eye saw a spark ahead in the darkness. Slowly he moved closer. It was no more than an ember. He concentrated on that spark and slowly, oh so slowly, it began to intensify. As he kept his concentration on the small flame, it gathered in size and intensity. Soon he had a small bonfire. It was then that shadow and soft voice came to him. “You have passed your test and succeeded where many others have failed. This fire you see is you. It can grow or diminish depending on the amount of time you wish to devote in elevating the races that are here and those yet to come. You are the salvation for “the watchers.” what is to become of them is in your hands. Choose wisely, as you are one of them. Your mind has transcended past that of an ordinary man. You can now travel the length and breadth of this galaxy by thought. Go now“.  And then I was alone again. I fixed my thoughts on Manara and slowly fell asleep. I slowly came to the realization I could hear voices. As I lay there someone said I was next to death. I became aware that my heart was beating very slowly. With a little concentration, I raised my heartbeat to a normal sixty-eight. I raised my hand and asked for fluid as I was thirsty. Someone came over and helped me sit up, as another went for water. As I opened my eyes, there stood Manara with a glass of water. She held my head and slowly allowed water into my dry mouth. I slowly looked around and concluded I was again in that med facility on her world. "Welcome back", she said. Another female walked over to me and touched my forehead. She told Manara, he is the one. I knew she was the seer I had shared thoughts with while in limbo. "I am very glad to meet you, and thank you for your help.”  She bowed and slowly backed away, turned and left. "What was that all about", I asked. "After you have eaten and drank more fluids, I will explain all that we know and what we surmise", she said.
An hour later we were sitting outside on a bench watching water fowl swim in the pond.” Okay; lets have it. What does everyone know and why am I in the dark?” She started with, "Allonin, we have been testing what was left of the bonded blood sample. It defies all the laws of nature. We surmise that you are and will be the next higher generation of  “watchers.” We have been stagnant for a number of centuries and haven't given birth to any young in the last ten centuries. Artificial means won't work and we can't grow children the way we do the attendants, as you call them. Our population is a little over a million people. Without children, we will be gone in a thousand years. I have to ask you for your help, but would like to have Andromeda at your side when I explain our situation. Think about it and give me an answer before you leave. The seers tell me that you can now travel anywhere. You will have to tell your group sooner or later what has happened. If you look in a mirror you will know what I mean.” She then arose and left me to ponder my future. Would it be fair I asked myself, to turn my back not only on Earth, but the whole galaxy? He still had a number of things to do back on Mars. After a good nights sleep, he thought, he might have an answer.
Upon awakening, He messaged Manara about having breakfast. She said she would be along shortly. As they sat at a table, he broached the subject from last night. He thought it best to wait till the project with the Ozone was done and then he would be ready for a meeting with her and Andy. She raised an eyebrow and was ready to ask, but he said that was the last thing he said before passing out and falling to the floor. Manara said the equipment he needed was there and she would help move it if he needed help. Let's look at it he said. She touched his arm and they appeared in a science building in front of a rather large piece of machinery. "This, she said, will fit on the end of that balloon and can be controlled from the bridge of the Mothership" With her touching the control box and him touching the machine they arrived at the pad on Mars. “Well, that was easy. Will you need anything else?”  she asked. "No", he replied and messaged mother to have the command ship fly down, and attach the machinery to it for transport to the Mothership He smiled at Manara as she faded away. Shortly the crew had the machine attached and were ready to lift off. #1 asked him why he looked so different. Different, he said. Yes, there is this glow emanating from you. "I'll explain later" he said. Into the ship and up to the bridge they went. Moving slowly through the atmosphere the made their way up to the Mothership. He could see the large balloon already attached to the rear of the ship. He messaged mother to have a team ready to connect the machine to the balloon and the Mothership Once finished it was time for some food and a chat with the group.
As everyone one sat down, including mother, Allonin took a sip of his drink and asked for every ones attention. He then related to them what had happened to him since the time Manara had removed him from the ship in a near death state. He explained about the bonding of his blood and “the watchers” blood sample. It was a million to one shot that it would save him, but their seers said that was his only chance at survival. When it worked, their scientists started delving into what might happen by doing experiments on the sample that was left. #1 was right when he said I looked different. The watchers believed I would be a hybrid. They gave Manara a list of changes that might take place. They had no idea how close they were to being right. The day he collapsed and was placed in the stasis chamber was the start of knowing what he was to become The coma was really a case of his spirit leaving for awhile to enter another plane of existence. For a short period of time he was alone. Then a dark shadow appeared and explained he was there for a test. That being; the way back to this reality. Searching with his mind and calling out, he finally made contact with one of the seers. Upon explaining the situation he was in, she set about going through the archives and came up with a couple of similar cases. Doing as she instructed, he finally knew the answer. The shadow again appeared to tell him he had passed the test, and that he would have a bearing on everyone in this galaxy including “the watchers”. He said I was the salvation of their race or the end of it. How well this galaxy thrived was on my shoulders. #1 said it explained everything including the golden halo around him.
CHAPTER 11 Project Complete
Mother asked about the Ozone project and what was to happen after that. Andy had a hundred questions, but refrained from asking them. He looked at her and smiled. They would get the Ozone layer repaired and then there was a meeting planned with Manara, he said. They left the dining room and went up to the bridge. Inserting the co-ordinates into the computer, #1 started the trip to the dead planet with the excessive amount of Ozone. Once they arrived, they had mother set them in orbit as Andy and Allonin went to the command ship with the control box in hand. Slowly they followed the Mothership skimming the atmosphere and operating the collector to vacuum the Ozone into the balloon. After a few hours they shut the collector down and had mother calculate if they had a full load or not. With an affirmative from mother, they entered the hanger and set the command ship in its cradle. Mother had turned the ship to the heading for Mars. As they entered the solar system mother called the mayor to have Josh at the pad He was joining the group as they headed to Earth. After picking up Josh, they started the three hour journey to Earth. Again, mother put them in orbit circling just above the north pole. Josh joined Andy and Allonin in the command ship and moved in behind the Mothership to start the process of ejecting the Ozone They circled the planet moving closer and closer to the equator. Watching the control box, they finally shut the machine down. All of the Ozone had been spread. Josh was getting readings from mother and was grinning from ear to ear. The drop had been a success. One more trip and the job would be done. They headed back to Mars for a much needed rest. Tomorrow they would make the run and then watch the results over the following forty eight hours. Once in orbit around Mars, they took the command ship down to mars city and had a minor celebration. In three days they would know if the project was a complete success or not. The Mothership left the following day at noon for the final trip for Ozone. Twelve hours later the mission was completed. They stayed in orbit around Earth for two days and finally the readings were the same as they were four hundred years ago. Having done his research for the last six months enabled Josh to predict the planet would be ready in about six years for habitation.
They reported their success to the city council. When they returned it was instant mayhem. Everyone was in a party mood which lasted till the early morning hours. With his arm around Andy he transported them to the ship, telling mother they needed complete privacy. After an hour of sauna and hot tub they dressed and went to the side room and sat down on a sofa. "Andy; we are going to have a meeting with Manara, who will explain everything to you about what is happening to me and what it means to “the watchers”, and the galaxy in general.” Having said that, he sent a message to Manara and she appeared momentarily. Once seated, taking a sip from her glass, she related what they had found in the archives.  Certain members of “The watchers “, from time to time, had met this phantom being that Allonin had come in contact with. Their archives mentioned three, but only two had returned. Knowing she had been appraised of the story she continued with what they had surmised about the changes in Allonin. He is a mutation of his race, the new person he had become when joining us and now an elevated “watcher”. He was foretold by the seers as the answer to our race and other races in the galaxy. For us, he can change the stagnation we have suffered for hundreds of years. Our people number less than a million. No offspring have been born in three hundred years. We have tried numerous ways to solve the problem without an answer. The answer sits beside you. You must decide if we can get his help or not. We can't force him to do what is needed. It has to be voluntary and both must agree.
Andy asked for a moment of privacy to talk over this revelation. Manara smiled, then vanished. She turned to Allonin and asked what this aid would entail. He answered he wasn't sure, but knew they had tried artificial means with no results. How often and for how long must you do this. He said he wasn't sure, but that a number of male children would probably be needed. He looked at her to assure her that she would always be with him as long as he lived. She closed her eyes and told him, for the sake of their race, he should try to help make them whole again. He summoned Manara to tell her he would help, but needed some kind of time line or number of male children needed to solve their problem. "The seers foretell a period of five years will make our race viable again. We've checked and found a dozen women viable for impregnation. Their time comes about every sixty days and the total span of time is about seven to ten days. I, as a council member speak for our race in thanking you for saving our life. When you no longer wish to travel the stars as a tri-rep, a permanent residence has been set aside for you and Andy. That is what you call her now, isn't it?" He looked at Andy and she nodded her acceptance of the situation. He smiled and told Manara they were ready to help. She stood and just before leaving, told them she was one of those who was chosen. An honor like this for one of the youngest members of our race is beyond anything I ever expected. Then she vanished. They went down to the dining room to get a bite. As he sat there, he transported the members of his team to the dining room and related what had transpired with the meeting. Of course, he said, we are still a team and have our routines just as before. Mother just stared at him, saying what an honor to have a “watcher” for a Commander. I just knew you were going to cause an uproar as she faded away.
The next morning they took the command ship down to the city. The celebration from the day before had subsided and people were going about their duties as before. They entered the city center and ran into the mayor on his way to a meeting with the council. He asked them to join him and sit in on the meeting. As they entered, the murmur of voices died away as everyone stared at Allonin.  My, how you've changed came from the one man he knew well. Robert Griffen walked over and slapped him on the back, saying welcome back. Then all the voices tried to speak at the same time. The mayor quieted them down and looked at Allonin in desperation. Allonin walked into the middle of the room and relayed the information that, "yes, they would be able to return to Earth in about six years. Yet, any who wish to remain can do so. The city will be a hub when Earth starts to travel to the stars. As far as I know right now, we will be staying on Mars for the time being.” That brought cheers from many of them. "We really came to enjoy a short holiday, Andy said." We then left and returned to the building that was home on the planet for a little R&R. After a relaxing week of doing nothing but eat, drink, and soak up the sun on the beach, it was almost time to start their patrol around the quadrant. Sitting in his office checking the file for the first stop a shimmer in the air told him someone was here.  As the thought crossed his mind, Manara appeared at the door.
"Well, young lady, what can I do for you," he asked. She said very quietly it was time for his first encounter. Walking over and touching his shoulder, they transported to her home planet arriving at the med building. He had no idea what he was to say or do, but a doctor walked over and inserted a spray into his arm. Within seconds he was high as a kite and ready for anything. A lady came out of a side room and escorted him inside.  An hour later he awoke and was unaware of his surroundings. Then, like a dream, vague memories surfaced of his last hour. He dressed and walked out to find Manara and the doctor waiting for him. The doctor touched his head and pronounced him fit and healthy. The doctor left Manara and him standing there in the middle of the entry. She suggested they stop by the dining area for something to drink. Nodding his head, he followed her. As he sat there sipping on a drink he had never had before, Manara filled him in on the procedure he had just went through. Not knowing what his reaction would be with a woman he'd never met, they had decided to make his first meeting as pleasant as possible. He grinned and thanked her for the thought, but it wasn't necessary. He may be a youngster in there eyes as he neared one hundred years of age, but he was well schooled in the art of making love. Manara giggled and said she was happy to hear that. It would make their meeting that much easier. Finishing his drink, he rose and said goodbye as he disappeared.  Arriving back at his office, he went to find Andy to explain his absence. She told him he didn't have to report every time he was called to duty, as she smiled and hugged him. Together they went to the bridge and inserted the co-ordinates for the first stop. He had mother turn the ship and head for the edge of the solar system. As they entered Star drive, he thought to himself, how had he ever come this far in so short a time. Another thought entered his mind; Manara was already thinking of their meeting. Could there be more to this than meets the eye. A soft voice entered his mind and said, “I can't wait.” He wondered; was it possible to love two women at the same time? Soon he would have the answer. He sat down in the command chair with a cup of coffee and smiled. His daydream was cut short when mother said there was a need for his attendance at a meeting of “the watchers”. Without hesitation he transported to where Manara was.
CHAPTER 12 Outsiders
They entered the meeting together. The eldest of them stood and beckoned them to chairs. He had a report from one of the seers that a large group of ships from outside the galaxy was headed toward them. At this time, we have no other information, but feel the need to be prepared for anything. Manara whispered their fear of the warmongers from their old galaxy might be the ships heading this way. The elder continued to go over the things that needed to be done to prepare for any eventuality.  As they exited, The elder came over and said the seer also saw him in the picture. He thanked him for this information and said he would be here when the time comes.
They left the meeting room and walked toward the med building. Is there a reason we are heading this way. It's my time, she said. A few hours later we emerged from the med building. I gave her a hug and a kiss before transporting back to the Mothership Once more on the bridge, I looked at the vid screen to see nothing but haze. We weren't going to do much for the next forty eight hours, so he went to their quarters and messaged Andy it was a good time for the sauna and hot tub. I'd just removed my shoes when she came running in, tossing clothes as she hurried over. She was in the sauna before I could disrobe. When he entered the steam was like a fog; so he sat down and let it loosen his aching muscles. After a while they moved to the hot tub. They both were totally relaxed by the time they showered and dressed for dinner.  He noticed she was staring at him all the way to the dining room, but said nothing. After seating themselves with a drink the question came up about the meeting with “the watchers”. Just then, the others walked in and immediately sat with them. In answer to her question Allonin told them the news about the fleet of ships heading for our galaxy. Mother appeared saying she didn't want a second hand account of what was happening. When the parley had finished, they knew as much as he did. They ate in silence, as each thought about the seers sighting in their own way. Andy asked mother to help her with her wardrobe as it was getting pretty worn out.  Every one but #1 left, which meant he had something to discuss with Allonin. “Commander, have you noticed your aura is getting more pronounced by the hour.” As I looked at my hands I could see what he meant. He was glowing like a light bulb.  He knew there was little he could do about it, and he said so. He hoped this wasn't going to be a problem. In unison they both went to the exit; each one going his own way.
Back in his office, he sat back, relaxed, and let his mind go free to see if there was something he might be able to come up with concerning this possible threat. Down in the center of his being, the flame that he had kindled back on that other plane looked like a beacon now. This he thought must be the reason for the glow that now surrounded him. As he looked deeper, he saw a multitude of possible outcomes to this dilemma. In most cases there would be a huge loss of life. Therefore, the answer he sought was not here. He was bought back to this world by the chime that preceded mother's arrival. She told him one of the seers wished to see him. It was decided that the meeting room in that odd space he had met “the watchers” in would be best for a meeting. Be there in ten minutes he said.  He had just sat down with drink in hand when the seer appeared. He asked her to be seated and, what if anything, she would like to drink. After getting her a glass of wine he asked what he could do for her. She replied, She had been the first with whom he had mated and that she was with child. Looking closer he could see a pronounced glow around her midsection. She had only wanted to give him the good news. He took her hand in both of his and told her how glad he was. She said she knew already it was to be a boy and reaching up she placed a kiss on his cheek. As she faded she again thanked him. He went back to his office and as he sat down mother appeared as a chime went off. She asked if everything was all right, but he knew she was just interested in his visitor. After making her wait a minute, he told her he was to be a father and the seer was going to have a boy. She looked like a ray of sunshine as she grinned at him. You give them hope for the future you know. After congratulating him, she disappeared.  He knew everyone would get the news within minutes. He thought back to his teen years when his mother told him, tell a woman was the fastest way to get news circulated.  Strange, he hadn't thought of his family in years, why know?  Andy showed up and they went to grab a bite before doing their exercise routine. "Well papa, have you picked a name for the expected child, she asked?" He told her he would let the mother choose a name. All eyes were on him as they entered the dining room. I know from the looks, mother has already told you the news. Let's leave it at that. They ate quickly and soon they were running around the outer rim of the ship. The following day they dropped out of stardrive and entered their first stop. Scans showed nothing abnormal so he downloaded the tapes and all looked good there also. They called the leader and he told him all was well. He thanked them for stopping by. #2 stopped in and reported all checks on the ships were done and no problems found. They could leave any time it was convenient.  Allonin messaged Andy he was on the way to the bridge. He arrived to find her inputting the co-ordinates for their next stop. He sounded one chime through the ship to warn of departure and to strap in. At the edge of the solar system they entered stardrive and were on their way.
Seeing as their next stop was about 2 days away, Andy and he went down to their quarters to change into their sweats for a little practice in the martial arts. It had been a while since their last practice and he wasn't sure how well he would do since his near death experience. It took about twenty minutes for his reactions to be up to her standards. After an hour, she had had enough and admitted he was physically back to his old self. After taking a shower they dressed and went down to have lunch. Half way through lunch, Manara appeared and sat down at the table with them. From the look on her face, he could tell she was pregnant.
He said nothing as he waited for the news. She looked at them and asked, “aren't you curious about my visit?” "Well, yes if it's good news" said Andy. “Allonin is to become a father again."  "Looks like you're batting a thousand,” came the retort from Andy. When were they going to start looking for baby clothes, I wondered. Before leaving she let on it was to be twins.  At this rate, he'd be done with this father thing within a year, he thought. Andy wasn't ready to leave the dining room yet, so he went to look at the tapes from the last trip. After a quick search he found the folder on Eldon Prime. It was a planet just starting to enter space. They had built a rather large space station and were getting ready to visit the planets in their solar system; last time the Mothership had visited. Scanning the files, he found nothing to be concerned about. The following day was a similar routine. He was just making his breakfast order when the ship chimed three times, letting everyone know they were dropping out of stardrive.  He called to Andy that breakfast was ready. She walked in, took a sip of coffee, and sat down to eat. She had a look that said she was not happy about something. After a minute of silence he asked what the problem was. She wanted to know if every female watcher that got pregnant by him had to appear and go through the same routine as yesterday. “Not if it bothers you, he said. I'll have mother send word, not to just pop in, but wait till I have gone to the meeting room”. Is that a satisfactory arrangement he asked. She nodded and continued with her breakfast and coffee. A low beep was a call to get to the bridge asap.
CHAPTER 13 Unrest
As we sat down in our chairs the forward screen lit up and homed in on their moon. A ship of unknown origin was parked on the back side so as to be unseen by the space station or the planet.  I had mother send a secret alert to the planet's leaders, asking them if they were aware of the intruders. Their answer was no and it could possibly be behind the uprising in one of the sectors near the great forest.  We sent another scrambled message that we would handle the ship and once it was done they could release the knowledge their partners were no longer there, the ship had left or been destroyed. I had mother bring us to a stop and to be sure the cloak was initiated. Done and done, Commander.  #1 and 2 will take a ship and be back up for Andy and me in the command ship.  When the port opened we coasted out and through the screens of the Mothership. Our Screens and cloaking were on and we silently approached the unknown ship. At a thousand yards we stopped. There was no identifying marks on the ship. I had mother hail them and waited for a response. Nothing! Try all normal frequencies. Still no response. I then had mother send a dummy warhead set to blow up in front of the ship. Just enough to light up and give them a little shake. The ship turned and sent a salvo of missiles in a half circle, trying to get a lucky hit. When they turned, I saw that their drive was at the left end of the ship. Using a laser, I cut a couple inches off the end of the ship and told mother to send a hail to them, and either they answer or I will cut their ship into one foot slices. They answered, wanting to know who we were and what we were doing there.  I opened a channel and gave them their answer. "This is a tri-rep ship and we represent “the watchers”.  This planet is under our umbrella and is off limits unless we give permission for anyone to enter this solar system. If you have agents on the planet, you have four hours to retrieve them and leave or we will exterminate anything alive in this area." How do we know you're not telling us a nursery rhyme, came over the speaker. I told mother to drop the cloak, but keep shields at full intensity.
I asked mother if it was possible for me to send a hologram of myself over to that ship.” Wait a second and I'll tell you”,she said. “Commander, open your mind and I will show you how it is accomplished."  About a minute after that I knew how to project myself as a hologram. Closing my eyes I pictured myself on that ship. When I opened them, I was standing in front of an alien who would make Frankenstein look handsome. “If you are the one in command, then listen very carefully; adjust your attitude or this vessel will be dust in short order. You now have two hours left.” I then returned to myself and was pleasantly surprised how easy that was. Mother thought I should get an award for how well I did the representation. One hour later, the ship turned toward the outer planet and left. Mother sent word the ship had left and had taken their operatives with them. The government should have no problem rounding up the rebels and regaining peace on their planet.  They sent a message of thanks as we turned and left the solar system. The chime sounded and we entered stardrive. Away we went, on to our next stop. I was happy to have ended this without bloodshed and no loss of life.
Through the rest of our stops, everything was nominal. Only disruptions were the times I had to transfer to “the watchers” planet for the meetings with their females. I shouldn't complain, as I had time to spend with Manara and see the changes in her physical appearance. She was slowly letting her guard down and letting me see the person she really was when not in her formal stance as a councilor. Her smile softened her features and showed a striking woman behind that austere person she had to be when working. As always, I had to return to my ship and companions to keep my quadrant peaceful and quiet. Upon checking my log, I found I was going to these mating sessions three and four times a week. As we dropped out of stardrive, just outside of our solar system, Manara appeared to tell me the latest figures. “There are thirty male and seven female children that will be born in the next month or so. There are four sets of twins; unheard of in our history. The scientists are dancing in their labs as they find the changes that will take place in our society. They feel we will make monumental strides in the next fifty years.”  I thought that was the best news I'd had in months. She informed me the first child would be born in about two weeks. She'd caught me off guard when she said that. From the look on my face, she knew I was surprised,  Then a light bulb lit up in her mind.” We don't have to wait nine or ten months for childbirth. Our average time to birthing is around one hundred and forty days. If it surpasses five months the child is removed by surgery.  It was a gross mistake on my part for not letting you know the amount of time spent carrying a child in our race. I'm sorry!” I got over my shock within a minute or so and gave her a big smile. Not wanting to be seen as naive, I asked her if the father was routinely at the birth of the child? She nodded and said the mother would be overjoyed if he was present.” I hope I can make all the births, but could not promise to be there. I'll hold you responsible for letting me know when it is time to attend.” Without skipping a beat, she gave me a big hug and a kiss before fading away.
Mother appeared and informed me we would be dropping out of stardrive in about twenty minutes and orbiting Mars within two hours. “Is there anything else I can do for you DAD?” Then she chuckled and faded away. When we finally were in orbit, I called the mayor and set up a meeting with the council for the following day. I messaged Andy to meet me in the dining room and headed there myself. After a fine dinner we sat there enjoying a glass of wine. I told her I had misgivings about this flotilla of ships heading toward us. She agreed with me and felt “the watchers” would be on top of the problem and soon have some answers. She asked about the visit from Manara, so I told her what the conversation was about. Her mouth dropped open and she had a look of disbelief on her face. She thought it improbable that he had sired over forty children in a few months. This was a male who, six months ago, according to mother could never reproduce. After she got herself together, she started laughing. Why, he asked her, was she laughing? She just pictured him changing diapers on over forty kids, she said. After a minute, he started laughing too. The rest of the day was spent on reports looking at the satellite pics from Earth. The oceans looked bluer and the land masses started showing green. The poles again had a decent amount of ice. The Ozone layer was truly doing it's job. He got off a report about the planetary changes along with an outline about the progress being made by what was left of the human race. Josh, the scientific protege, was moving mankind ahead at a rate that the rest had a hard time keeping up with.  In short, the human race may turn out as we had hoped. Soon, it was time for dinner and a quiet drink with Andy. He loved those moments setting in the observation deck, just him and her and the stars. She had nearly fallen asleep when he touched her shoulder and led her back to quarters and a good night's sleep.
Next morning was a fast shower, coffee, and light breakfast. He wanted to be down at the city center before nine. Messaging Andy as he headed for the lift meant she would be at the command ship about the same time as him. As usual she was there first. She still had on sweats and looked a little damp. She told him the run had done her a lot of good. She also thought it was time to use the command ship facilities. With a grin and a peck on the cheek, she left him to take the ship out the portal and down to the city.  After landing on the pad, he met her at the exit portal and together they left for the city center. They said hello to the panel and the mayor following them to the council chamber. There, he gave them the news of the flotilla of ships heading toward them from another galaxy.   "The watchers” were gearing up for any and all possible scenarios. As he received news, he would tell them what he knew. That was all he could do.
They knew how long they had to wait till they could return to |Earth and wondered how they would get there. A ship and pilot will be here for that transfer. That is the best I can offer. Hunker down and wait. They had lunch with their friends and talked about that wedding. What a party that had been The best part was that Josh had thought of new ways to improve the use of sunlight when they returned to Earth. And his bride was a constant companion. But getting back on track everyone was asking about the father-to-be. His face was a little warm, but all he would say was mother would be in the brig when he returned to the Mothership. After the laughing stopped, Andy gave them the number of children that would be born in the next couple of months. That sobered up all the men. Then it was, how, who, when, where, and tell us the secret. The mayor took in the glow emanating from Allonin and told the others if they could survive a nuclear blast then they would know the answer. Allonin decided not to bother explaining what was happening and the reasoning behind it. Soon, it was time to go.  Before leaving, Robert asked him if he could spend a moment in private with him. They went to a side office and sat down. Robert asked him to describe these watchers; especially the women.  The race is taller than humans and thinner. They have a light blue skin tone, and eyes that seem to see right through you. They are rigid in their way of life. That's about it. We reentered the conference room. With hugs and pats on the back we left. We entered the ship and returned to the orbiting Mothership. Upon exiting the command ship he messaged mother to come to them in the hanger. As she appeared, he told her there was to be no more talk of pregnancies, births, or children; that is an order!  She said yes sir and immediately disappeared. Andy chastised him for getting on mother's case. He said nothing and continued to the lift and their quarters.
Changing into more relaxing clothes he heard a chime in the other room. Thinking it was mother, he said he had nothing more to say. Entering the living room, he was shocked to see Manara sitting on the couch. He immediately apologized for what he had said, then told her about his orders he had given mother. She rose and walked over to him; then said she had a surprise for him. Hoping it would be better than the first part of his day was going, he asked her what was on her mind. I'll show you she said, touching his arm and transporting him to this rather large dwelling sitting on a hill overlooking the capital city of “the watchers”. This, she said, is your new home and where our twins will grow and flourish. Taking his arm, she entered the dwelling and showed him around the different floors and the purpose of some gadgets he had never seen before. When finished, they entered the dining room and a lady brought them refreshments. We have this lady as housekeeper along with a gardener and a valet for you. He was about to say something about the house, but thought it wise to keep quiet. He didn't need any more animosity in his life right now.  After the grand tour, he was really impressed with what she had accomplished. He thanked her for the tour and now he had to return to his ship. With a thought he was back in his office. He had just sat down when mother chimed and appeared at his door. Without waiting she told him a large carrier ship had just arrived. The Commander of the ship asked to come aboard. “Do you wish to see him, she asked”? “I will meet him in the dining area in ten minutes”.
As I walked into the dining room There was a tall biped in a metal suit. He turned and with a metallic voice introduced himself as Commander Arnoles. He was quick to say he didn't breathe oxygen and therefore the suit.  I felt bad that I couldn't offer him a drink, but he said he would take one with him. One of your favorites is called a Manhattan, I believe, he said. “Yes indeed! We will send a container back with you”. I cautioned him to the fact he should be careful, as they can carry quite a punch. He chuckled and thanked me for the warning. Sitting down, he related his orders for the shipment to be delivered to my vessel. There are 6 squads of fighters with a repair crew for each. At all times, two leaders of the squads are to be awake and ready for duty. They will be on a two week rotation. The six leaders are as follows; 281,282,283.284,285,286. “the watchers” made it easy for you. Straight sequential numbering.
With that said, he rose and asked if there were any questions. Shaking my head no, he said he was ready to return to his ship and unload those squads. I messaged mother to come in. As she appeared, I told her to help Captain Arnoles with the transfer of the six squads to our fighter hanger. Two of the leaders of the squads will be awake; fill them in on what they need to know and see to their need for attendants. Commander Arnoles broke in and said the attendants would not be needed as each leader had an attendant assigned to him(or her).  Then he slowly faded away. I asked mother to make adequate rooms for the six leaders, as two would be awake at all times. She said she would handle it and promptly disappeared. I went up to the observation deck to get a look at this cargo ship. I wish I hadn't. You could put a half dozen Motherships in it and still have room. It looked like a small moon. As I sat there, I remembered the Manhattan I had promised. Messaging an attendant, I ordered Two gallons of the alcohol drink called a Manhattan When it arrived in a large container, I had mother transport it over to the Commander. The cargo ship was readying to leave when the Commander piped over a thank you note along with a beverage he thought I might enjoy. Then the ship was gone, onto its next delivery. We still had half our R&R time left, so we went down to our place in Mars city and spent a few days enjoying the beach, sand, and sun. I knew I would soon be hearing from Manara that another female “watcher” would need my services. And sure enough, just after breakfast, Manara appeared and had coffee while I showered and dressed. She said she had told Andy we would be gone for a few hours. Then off to her home world we went. We sat on the park bench and chatted while we waited for the young lady to arrive. When she arrived, I gently took her arm and entered the med. Building. Within the hour I was back outside, but Manara was nowhere in sight. An elderly gentleman walked over and said Manara had to leave for the council chamber. I had a bad feeling about this, so over to the council chamber I went.
Soon the meeting was over and I waited for Manara to come out. When she did, she did not look happy. Over a drink I got the whole story. The scientists had grown a super brain and encased it in a Mothership, All the archives for their race were in that brain. A few scientists from each branch of the sciences along with their mates were to be on that ship. All pregnant women and spouses, if there were any, are also to be on that ship. This was being done for safety reasons, in case we were to lose a war. You, Allonin, have the choice of being on that ship or staying for the encounter. Without hesitation, I told her I could not leave all these planets without trying to protect them from slavery or worse. She hugged me and said she understood. Her eyes were getting misty, as I told her to take care of our twins  and think of me as long as there was hope of winning. Then a quick kiss, and I transported back to Mars city. I went to the council center and related the news as I had received it to the council. I made a decision to have #4 take a ship down to the planet and store it as best he could. The mayor and council will tell you when to start taking the people back to Earth that want to go. When finished with the transport, bring the ship back to Mars. I will try to get a message to you whether to load people and find a place for them or stay there till we return. #4 walked up to me and thanked me for what we had achieved in so short a period of time. Also took note of what a fine officer he had the pleasure to serve under. With a salute he turned and headed to the hanger to take a ship down to Mars city. Going up the lift to the dining room he heard a soft voice in his head telling him the rest of them felt the same way as #4. It took him a while to explain all that was happening and what we were expected to do. He gave them shore leave for the rest of the day and told them to report back early in the morning for the trip to “the watchers” planet. As he sat in the living room couch in his quarters, a shimmer told him he was to have a visitor. Manara was sitting across from him a second later. I came to tell you the ship is loading as we speak And I must have your assurance that you will come back to us. Looking at her he finally understood that he loved her as well as Andy. He walked over, drew her out of the chair, and gently put his arms around her. I will be back for you and those two little ones you carry. But understand, I will not leave Andy. She will have to be part of our family. She smiled and told him they had already discussed the arrangement and both looked forward to sharing you and everything else. I have to go back and board the ship. A peck on the cheek and she was gone.
CHAPTER 14 War?
Everyone was on board and ready to go by six o'clock. Turning the ship outward from the solar system, they made their way to stardrive point. One chime and they were gone. He had mother alert the team and the two captains to meet in the dining room. Once they had their breakfast in front of them, Allonin introduced Captains 281 and282 to the team and welcomed them to their new home. As he introduced each of the team, he gave a brief overlay of their chosen field . After breakfast, mother appeared, and was also introduced to the captains. Before they could ask, he told them he didn't care for disembodied voices, so mother appeared as a hologram; Adding that mother was the heart and soul of the ship. Mother took the captains and their attendants over to their quarters and also made sure they would be able to show the other captains where their quarters were upon awakening. The team had a number of questions concerning the extra fighters. In due time, he told them, “the watchers" would give all the Motherships their orders. Until then, He would expect them to get plenty of sleep and hone their skills as they would have to be at their best when the time came.
In forty eight hours they arrived at “the watchers home planet which would be their base of operations. During that time Allonin had come up with an idea. After telling mother his idea, she thought it would work, but he would have to be within one hundred and fifty kilometers to try it. Once in orbit, he transported down and asked to meet with the council. He was told they readily agreed and would gather in an hour. After a hasty lunch he entered the meeting chamber. It was quite a remarkable place. As you walked down a ramp you could see tiers of seats surrounding the center of the building. At the base, a table was laid out in a half circle with a dozen cushioned chairs spread out for the council to sit on. Eleven members were seated; number twelve, Manara, was already on a voyage to a secret place for protection. As he walked to the center and looked at each one, he nodded. "To be short and to the point, I believe I have an idea that might help us to know the intentions of those ships that are coming here." He gave them a brief synopsis of his plan, then waited. They began talking about the points of contention, both good and bad. After what seemed like an hour of discussion, the leader tapped a chime and then asked for a vote for or against his plan. Nine of eleven voted for the proposal. The leader asked how long it would take to follow through on his plan. The projections are, five days out and five days back. Hopefully, not more than two days there. As we head back I have instructed mother to message you asap. The leader told him that for the sake of all the races in this galaxy we hope you can accomplish your mission. Is there anything you need before leaving. "No sir; we are fully prepared and would like to be off as soon as I get aboard." He patted my shoulder and said “good luck son.”
I immediately transported myself to the bridge and told #1 to sound the chime and insert co-ordinates to our destination. The ship turned and made for the edge of the solar system and soon entered stardrive. They had five days to plan strategy for any possible scenario.  Mother said it would take about seventy two hours to get all the fighter squads ready for immediate action. She felt when we dropped out of stardrive the units should be available for action, All personnel would be expected to check on all systems to be ready at that time also.  Mother stated, the other squad leaders as well as ours will be awake and will meet at breakfast tomorrow morning. She messaged the group to be in the dining room in twenty minutes.  As he walked in, four sets of eyes and a hologram sat staring at him. He poured a cup of coffee and sat down across from them.
"This will be our plan at the time we drop out of stardrive, he said. With full shields and cloaking, I am quite sure we can stop about a tenth of a light year in front of them without them knowing we are there. If all goes well, I will be leaving the ship just like mother does. I hope to appear on the lead ship. If lucky, on the bridge. Everyone is to be at top level of security. If something goes wrong, I will try to get back. If I don't, you will know they are hostile and turn for home. Mother already has her instructions. #1 will be leader in my absence and I expect all personnel to follow his orders without hesitation. What I am telling you will be a briefing for the captains of the fighter squads tomorrow. You need not attend. I want you to know that you are the best team I've ever served with. Thank you for all you have done.” He rose from the chair and left the room. Once in his quarters, he had mother appear and practiced the way he was going to transport his hologram to the lead ship. After an hour, mother told him she was convinced he could do it. If the distance is too far, come back and we'll move closer. Then she disappeared. When he finally got his mind settled down he lay down on the bed and immediately felt an arm slip over his shoulder and a soft voice wishing him a good night's sleep.  After meeting with the captains the following morning, he went to the sauna and the hot tub, hoping it would ease the tension. For the next three days he brooded about the scenario and wondered if he had the nerve to pull it off. Sitting down for the evening meal on the fourth day, he asked mother if she had any idea how the race that caused “the watchers” to flee their home world looked. After searching the archives for a few minutes, she told him only one entry was found. The race was humanoid and skin color was a light green. Nothing else was found. The entry was made by a surviving pilot who limped home in a beaten starfighter. This may give me a little edge when I transport. After dinner they all went up to the solarium and tossed off a couple of drinks before heading to quarters.
On the evening of the fifth day they dropped out of stardrive, and with cloak and shield devices at highest level they floated toward their objective. All communication was by mental means or person to person. The running on silent mode increased their chances of not being noticed. At a quarter light year away they stopped.  As they all sat in the observation deck looking at the edge of the galaxy through the view screen, Andy thought they were way to far in to see the ships coming. Looking at Allonin, they all nodded their heads in agreement. After careful consideration, he agreed and told mother to take them closer. Mother scanned the area around them and spotted a fair sized meteor going toward the edge of the galaxy. It's orbit would take it near the oncoming ships. Messaging the team, she thought they could hide behind the meteor and when close they could come to a dead stop. Pushing the meteor faster would cut the time down to where they wanted to be. Allonin messaged back to go ahead. This maneuver would take an extra twelve hours, but still fit in with their estimated timeline. All work was stopped immediately to avoid any noise. With nothing to do for the next twelve hours, Allonin had the med attendant sedate him so he could be at his best when the ship came to a stop. An hour before shutdown Allonin awoke, entered the living room, and sat with a cup of coffee. His mind walked back through time to that evening when that UFO had landed in his field. He then began to fill in all that had happened to him in the years since. He had to admit, he had some of the finest people in the universe in his life. He thought of Andy and Manara and the twins he hadn't seen yet.
Yes, he thought to himself, he had a lot to live for; and die for.  He got up and headed for the med room. Andy and mother were waiting for him. He walked over to mother, kissed his hand and lay it next to her cheek. He hugged and kissed Andy, then lay down on the padded table. He needed to be totally relaxed and focus on the lead ship that was heading toward them. As his heartbeat slowed, his EKG spiked and they knew he was on his way. He felt light as a feather as he transported toward the ship It was approaching rapidly. Then he smiled; it was him that sped toward the ship. He thought to slow and soon he was gliding into the side of the ship. He surmised the bridge was at the front because of the cylindrical shape. Sure enough he went through the bulkhead and was standing behind a thin alien that had no ears nor hair. They were on average about forty-two inches in height. As he looked past the figure he saw another one turn and look at him. The alien had the biggest blue eyes he had ever seen. Through the translator he had, the crewman was telling the one in front of me that they had a visitor. The one in front of me turned around, looked at me, then poked one of his three fingers into me. He stepped back and asked what I was. I informed him I was a hologram. And your purpose for coming here, he asked.” I represent a race that fled war to avoid extermination. They have lived in this galaxy for thousands of years in peace and helped other races to avoid war and progress into adult peaceful races. Now I ask you the same question; what is your purpose in coming here?” He excused himself and went to a device, In a moment, a young female entered. “I am Elantriss; the leader of my people. We believe we come from the same galaxy as the race you represent. Our people received information that a warrior race was attacking planet after planet in our galaxy. We started research into our archives and came across a set of co-ordinates that an earlier race might have used to escape.  A few ships at a time left our planet to a place where we would gather and escape slavery or extermination. We hope to find a place to relocate and live in peace. “I asked her to give me a minute to contact my ship. She nodded; then I closed my eyes and messaged mother they were not a threat and I would return soon. The following moment an idea came to mind. I asked her to give me an estimate of their population. “About sixty thousand when we left. I don't believe that number has changed significantly.” “I may have a solution to your problem. You are oxygen breathers aren't you? She nodded her head. "Will a planet with temperatures between freezing and above 100 in the summer be able to meet your needs?” Again she nodded. Would you have a problem sharing it with about sixty thousand bipeds similar to me? She paced back and forth for a minute, then said it sounded like paradise. You'll have to give me about ten days to see if the other race will accept my proposal. In the meantime continue on the course your on and follow my ship which will be ahead of you. I'll leave you to relate this offer to your ships and will return to mine to get things started.
CHAPTER 15 Conclusion.
As I returned to the med room, I realized my body was shaking a bit. Opening my eyes and looking around, I saw Andy and mother sitting nearby. After telling them what transpired, I had mother turn off the cloak, but left the shields on. In no time we were about a mile in front of the ships and matching their speed. Mother transported over to the lead ship; was told it was a unanimous decision to follow their ship. Mother gave them a set of course changes that would lead them to Earth. Also asked if a few of their people would like to travel with me to see if there was something that I hadn't covered. Shortly, a small ship entered the hanger and a foursome came over to meet me. Leading them into the command ship; using the translator aboard, I gave them a quick lesson on how the chimes worked for travel and had an attendant show them to their rooms. I messaged mother I was leaving immediately for " the watchers” planet and from there I would transport to Mars city. Opening the hanger port I exited the Mothership and after passing the security screens Pressed the chime button once and 30 seconds later entered stardrive. Going down to the dining area I was surprised to see Andy with our visitors. She looked up and said, “you didn't think I wasn't coming along did you.?” I just smiled and sat down. Andy said she had showed them the solarium, observation deck, and the dining room. Each has an attendant to care for their needs. Knowing we were on a four day trip, I had Andy show them the library and exercise area. In stardrive, there was nothing to see, and we didn't need boredom to set in. The four days passed with no problems and we dropped out of stardrive just outside of “the watchers” solar system. I messaged the council I had a few visitors for them to meet before transporting to Mars city. I set the ship down on a landing pad and with the four aliens exited the ship to meet the council. The minute the council saw them, they broke into laughter. Seems “the watchers” knew them from long ago and was happy to see they had survived. After a few minutes, I broke in on the greetings and told them I was going to Mars city so they could meet and discuss the possibility of sharing the planet Earth. Two of the four decided to stay with “the watchers” to catch up on thousands of years being apart. The other two were ready to go. As they started for the ship, I told them to wait.
“We're not taking the ship. They didn't understand, so I walked over and putting a hand on their shoulder pictured the council center in Mars city. They were dumb struck as to how they had gotten to Mars city. I messaged the council I had an important offer for them. I took the pair and went into the council chambers. They looked as if they were going to faint. I then told them we had a race that had fled the same galaxy as “the watchers”. “They are looking for a place to settle peacefully in this galaxy. I felt as there were only about sixty thousand to return to Earth, you might allow them to share the planet as they amount to about the same number. In return they have something to offer you. A fleet of ships that will get you to other planets to meet and trade with other societies. You could enter the Association of Planets now instead of a hundred years from now. I don't mean to rush you but If you refuse, I am limited on time to find them a place, or move all of you to Earth and renovate Mars city for them. While they held a conference with others, I took the two aliens out and showed them a little of the city. As we walked around we saw others who, after a minute of observation, smiled and waved. Soon an attendant walked over and said the council had come to a decision. We went back into the chamber and the mayor told us they were welcome to cohabit the Earth with us. I had just enough time to thank them and touching the aliens shoulder once more, we transported back to "the watchers” planet. I messaged the leader the good news and asked if he could message mother to head for Mars city. In the allotted time left we put the attendants that were stored to good use. They went about prefabricating housing according to the information provided by the four aliens. Standing there as we watched the progress of the housing, I asked one of them what their race was called. His answer according to the translator was “Monsatts”. I then talked to the mayor and asked him to relay that the name of their race was “Monsatts. It wasn't long before the children wanted to spend time with them. So we gave each Monsatt a translator unit so they could converse with the children. That broke the ice. Everyone wanted to meet and greet the new neighbors that would share the planet with them. The following morning I received word from mother they would start orbiting the planet around noon. I messaged back that most of the housing units were done and what was left to do was cosmetic. Their leader came down to Mars city and observed the buildings and the people they would be living near. She was very happy for her race to have a safe haven. I informed her it would be about six to eight months before the planet was safe to land and start building.  Any of her people that wished to stay in Mars city were welcome to. There were about ten thousand humans staying for research that was ongoing. When the time came to land on Earth, we will have the Mothership and others to help migration to the planet. Wishing her well, I explained I had children I hadn't met yet and was leaving immediately. If there were any problems, she and the mayor could sort them out. With that said, I transported to “the watchers" planet and asked the leader about the women and scientists that were hidden on another world. Smiling, he said they would all be back by tomorrow.
Early the next morning, I gathered Andy and headed to the landing pads. Manara was one of the first ones to debark. With a little one in each arm she came over. Andy took the little girl so I could get close enough to welcome her home with a gentle hug and kiss. Then we went to our new home and settled in to regroup.    A few days later I was summoned to the council chamber by the leader. There were at least a hundred people there. I walked up to the center of the u shaped table and nodded to each of the council members which included Manara The leader rose and with microphone in hand, greeted me and said he had no idea how to compensate me for all that had been accomplished since my joining the tri-reps. The council agreed that I should be the leader of the council. I abruptly said no. He then asked if I would consider being a council member. “That I would accept; but not until you have a replacement crew for the Mothership and also the brain I call mother if she wishes to remain with us.” After the debate that was short lived, the council gave it's approval. “One other thing we would like you to consider, said the leader. We still have a number of women that would like your services to help replenish our race.” I looked at Andy who was grinning from ear to ear; then to Manara who was nodding in the affirmative, before telling him I would consider it in a week or two. The council adjourned and we left to go home. At home I finally got the chance to see the twins. The girl looked just like her mother; but the boy had that silver hair and lavender eyes just like his father. We went into the dining room and after a light meal I begged to be left by myself for a few minutes. Going into the bedroom, I lay down on the bed and totally relaxed. I mentally searched for that center of my being that held that flame. Once found, it burned brighter than ever before. I wondered if it could someday consume me. A shadow appeared near the flame and entered his mind to say;” You have done well. The flame is not a thing that will burn but will illuminate possibilities all around you. Have faith in that light; it won't steer you wrong. Go back to those that need you for there are other tasks that await you in the future. For the time being, enjoy your family and friends and see the future you have given to those that needed it. Goodbye". He was gone and for awhile I stayed and marveled at the flame. I awoke feeling refreshed and wanting to go and enjoy life to the fullest. For who knew what might happen tomorrow.
From downstairs came the noises he had never dreamed of hearing. The two little ones were chasing Andy around the house.  I sat on the stairway and watched; fascinated by the love that reverberated from the different rooms as the children chased their imagined prey. Manara walked around the corner and spotting me, came up to watch the fun.  It occurred to me their mother had yet to tell me what she had named them. Asking her brought a laugh and a bewildered look on her face. You mean that neither one has telepathed their name or called you daddy yet. The girl was very astute at listening to us as she sent a thought my way. “My name is Tabitha, daddy.  The little noisemaker is Allen. Are we going to go out and walk with you and mommy. Aunt Andy could go too.” I was totally shocked. They weren't six months old and already talking and walking. Again, I was astounded when Manara said they developed At a rate of four years to an Earth child's one. That means they would finish high school by their fifth birthday. Manara laughed and told me their development slows down rather quickly by the time they reach two years of age. Good; I don't want grandchildren in seven years.  This little voice entered my head asking for lunch. It was definitely time to head for the dining room before Allen started in. After lunch we walked and rode around the city and I was just as fascinated as the children. I had only seen a small area and that was at times of crises or work. The city was beautiful. Numerous parks, cozy little outdoor diners, museums, Art galleries, and the architecture was amazing. After a few hours the children were tired and we headed home for their midday nap. Sitting on the terrace with a glass of wine, Manara told us the city was duplicated around the globe. Living in one city, you could travel to the others and never get lost. Tomorrow she had planned to take us on a mini safari so we could enjoy the wildlife and the forests that were abundant. A vid screen lit up and pronounced the arrival of my team and a large moving vehicle was transporting mother to our home. After greeting them and getting mother attached to our home, we again went out on the terrace for drinks and gossip.
CHAPTER 16 The New Mothership
Life passed quickly and before we new it, three years had passed. From time to time Andy and I would transport to Mars city and see our friends and catch up on events.  One night, after the children were put to bed, the three of us sat outside enjoying the clear sky and abundant stars in this part of the galaxy, When Manara asked if we missed traveling the stars in a Mothership. Without hesitation Andy and I both answered yes. Manara then told us the children wanted to see the planet that was daddy's home and the race from which he came from. After thinking on it for a minute, he would get in touch with the elder in the morning, as he had an idea. Messaging mother, he asked if the team would like to travel again. She reported they had discussed it a number of times; but wouldn't leave without him and Andy. I guess I was the only one who hadn't thought about it. After a good night sleep, he messaged the elder and asked him for a meeting. No sooner said and the elder was there. Sharing breakfast with the elder, he finally asked the question that had occurred to him yesterday. How hard would it be to build a Mothership about a tenth the size of the ones in use now?  He smiled and asked if I was a mind reader, which I was, but I never intruded in anyone's thoughts.”We haven't yet picked the team for a new and improved Mothership that will be finished in about a week.  It will be faster, better equipped with offensive and defensive weapons. One of your offspring is a seer and with a couple of our scientists came up with a new shield and helped to reduce its size.  Are you interested in taking your team down to see it?  “I believe from the mental chatter in this house, you'll have to move it outside the galaxy to keep them away from it.” “Then why don't you come down and have a look at her. She will not be assigned to any quadrant; but will travel through each and lend assistance where needed. I'll expect you at the council wing after lunch. With a smile and a pat on the back he was gone.  Within seconds it looked like a jailbreak was taking place. Looking at Manara, I had a feeling someone had snuck one by me.  As we sat on the terrace, the conversation started with questions about the new Mothership. Everyone had an idea about what it would look like, the new engines, speed, arms, etc.
Finally the time had come to go see this beauty.  Holding hands we transported over to the council building. The elder was just coming down the steps. With a smile he opened the door of a transport vehicle and we all got in for the ride. On the way the elder made note that the ship had been a secret for some time and now it was finally ready for field testing. Also, nobody had been assigned to it. It was ours if we were satisfied after the test. We proceeded down a tunnel and came out at series of labs. This was the planning stage area. Looking up I noticed a huge tinted dome. A “watcher” in a lab coat rushed over and asked if we were to test the ship and give an honest opinion of her as a Mothership? The elder told him to take us up to the ship. We were the first tri-rep team to check it out. We were ushered into a small planetary ship and rose up through the dome and headed for space. We saw nothing, but mother said the ship was cloaked using a device she had never come across before. We heard a ping and knew we had crossed the shields. Slowing down, a port opened up and we entered a hanger with only one scout ship in a cradle. The only other ship was the planetary ship we were in. “Isn't this kind of slow for a team to go through a solar system with,” I asked.  The “watcher smiled and said,” these two ships are a step ahead of the scout ships that are normally in a Mothership. You will have to take the Mothership for a shakedown cruise for a couple weeks and then I will answer any and all questions.”  “Can you transfer mother to the ship before we go, I asked”.  Mother appeared and said her physical self was being placed in the ship as we speak. Okay, how long before we are ready to leave?  “The watcher" said all would be ready in about an hour and we could check out our quarters and dine while mother was getting hooked up. “I will need a ride back to the lab and then she is all yours.”  I told him #1 will take you back and we will see you in a couple of weeks. He looked kind of sad as he turned and headed back to the transport ship.
“Hold on a sec.  If they don't need you planet side, why not come along and get a first hand view of what this ship can do,”I asked.  He was like a kid with a new toy. He called down and got clearance to go and they expected a detailed report on how the ship worked when they returned. Andy said,”let's go up to the dining room and you can give us a short background on yourself.” As we went up to the lift we found out he was named Andarro and his field of research was on the engines and stardrive. As Commander, I assigned him quarters next to #2. They would have something in common as he was their expert on the drives. Mother popped in and reported she was physically part of the ship and had done a scan of the ship. She was amazed at what they had designed and built in such a small ship. There was a hundred attendants in standby mode. Ten more kept the ship repaired and clean. This Mothership could enter any atmosphere and land on a planet. She could cut the time to cross the galaxy by a third. What took the older Motherships over three weeks, we could travel the same distance in one. There were only two fighter squadrons and their fighters were housed in cradles that were just inside the skin of the ship. Ports would open and the ships were automatically ejected; thereby saving hanger space. “The watchers” had uploaded all the info so mother knew immediately everything about the ship. Her response was “WOW”. “Well, Let's get this show on the road and start testing,” I said.
Andy and I headed to the bridge and mother asked our destination as we went.” Take a course to the edge of the galaxy and we'll start tests there. On the way, build up speed to peak and take readings for Andarro” The Mothership turned toward the edge of the solar system and started to gain speed One chime sounded and we were pushed back in our seats. Mother piped in that the controls were a bit tight and she would have that problem taken care of.  Allonin left the bridge and headed to the med room. Once there, he had mother connect him to the helmet and he relaxed as the machine took him on a tour of the ship. It took about fifteen minutes and he knew the layout of the ship as well as mother. He then returned to the bridge and asked Andy and Manara to join him in our quarters.
Once in the living room, I pointed to the door that used to be an empty room. As they passed through the door, on a bench, was a pair of towels for each of them. Andy looked at him and said, noooo-wayyyy. Manara had a look of one who doesn't understand the meaning of the towels. Andy grabbed her hand causing her to run and they both started pulling clothes off as they ran toward the door. By the time I got there, they were both sitting with eyes closed and enjoying the steam. Sitting between them with my eyes closed felt like heaven. Next came the hot tub. Manara preferred the sauna, but didn't hesitate to jump in the hot tub. When the hour was up I messaged mother and thanked her for a job well done. I told the girls I had taken a phantom tour of the ship and came across the addition to our quarters. We sat back in the lounge chairs and enjoyed a glass of wine that Manara liked and soon I fell asleep. I came to some time later and by my watch it was time for dinner. Rising slowly I walked over and gave each a peck on the cheek; telling them it was time to have dinner. Upon hearing a chime I turned and there sat mother on the divan. She came to report the ship was all they said it was, and more. While there, I asked her who had the bright idea for the sauna and hot tub. She laughed and said it was a group effort as she disappeared.  The team was there waiting for our arrival. After putting in our menu orders, we enjoyed a glass of wine and talked about the new ship and what it could do.  Andarro explained that this was just the first of a fleet of fifty ships to be built. These were not replacements for existing Motherships, but an auxiliary fleet for rapid deployment.  More than likely, a “watcher” will be commanding the new ships. It was hoped that Commander Allonin would be the first; then he stopped. He explained he spoke out of turn and Commander Allonin, who has done so much for our galaxy was thought by many in the scientific community as the best person to test the new Mothership. He raised his glass and slowly sipped his drink. Letting that pass, we continued the discussion of the Mothership's capabilities. The one negative that stood out was less than 300 people could be transported for short trips or emergencies. Shields and weaponry were a step ahead of today's Mothership. Speed, maneuverability, and being able to land on a planet/moon/etc. made up for any shortcomings we found. After a few days testing outside the galaxy, I decided to  take the ship to Mars.
Giving mother control of the bridge we relaxed and enjoyed our new surroundings. From our start point to Mars took only two days. We would have to slow mother down and stop racing through the void. As we approached Mars mother radioed we were going to land outside the dome to check out the new Mothership's ability to land.  As we slowly descended toward the dome we could see many of the inhabitants standing outside to see the landing. Mother brought us down to a feather like landing. Going out the portal was different from what we were used to. The Mothership was quite a site sitting there by the dome. I'd forgotten Andarro was right beside me. As Roger and Mayor Walker approached; they stopped and stared at our group. I had to laugh as they sized up the first “watcher” they had ever seen. “Mayor, Roger, may I introduce you to “watcher” Andarro. He is one of the scientists that built the marvelous Mothership you see here.
The Mayor never hesitated; walking up with hand outstretched, he said what a pleasure it was to meet him and carefully shook hands. Stepping back he waited for a reaction from “the watcher”. Andarro smiled and said for his first trip from his home planet he was impressed with Commander Allonin's fore bearers. With formalities over, we entered the dome and headed for the council chambers. On the way we noticed the Monsatts and Humans were intermixed on the avenue and seemed to get along rather well. Once inside, I questioned the Mayor as to any problems they had once the Monsatts had landed. No problems; they are a marvelous race and we welcome them with open arms. Jointly we have already sent a few ships to other planets and are working on setting up trade contracts. Both races are making progress in the sciences because of a different perspective we each have. Looking at the group of advisers in the room, there were a number of Monsatts in the council. Mother appeared and whispered in my ear what a stroke of genius to get these races together. Josh stepped forward and asked if we came to check on Earth to see if the time had come to return home. I hadn't even thought of that. After a quick lunch we will take you and a few Monsatts to Earth to check it out. We were having a very nice meeting when I noticed Manara was not there.
Excusing myself, I transported back to the ship and found Manara asleep on the couch. Touching her chin woke her up and I asked why she hadn't joined us. She felt she would be intruding. “Wait a minute! Where I go you go, unless its too dangerous.” Seeing how she had on a nice outfit, I touched her hand and transported her back with me to the council chamber. As we shimmered into view, the look on Roger's face caused me to smile. Everyone this is my wife, Manara: the mother of our twins. Roger immediately stood and raising his glass, toasted Manara for putting up with a scoundrel like me. The smile on her face told me everything was all right. After plying Manara with dozens of questions about our life on her world, we said it was time for that trip to Earth. Josh and two Monsatts joined our group as we headed to the Mothership. With everyone strapped in I decided it was time to take the wheel, so to speak, And head for space and Earth. In a few hours we were circling Earth and taking readings. Josh and mother went over the printouts and with a smile gave a thumbs up to repopulating the Earth. By the time we got back to Mars, mother had already sent the word of our success. They were dancing in the streets. The Mayor told us that rather than separate on different parts of Earth, they decided to live the same as here on Mars. About twenty percent of the inhabitants were staying on Mars and making Mars city a spaceport. They had already drawn up plans for landing pads outside the dome with halls leading out to them for loading and unloading ships. We were just about ready to leave when Manara walked over and hugged each of the Monsatts on the panel. With tears in her eyes she said she hoped that all of them would have a better life here than where they came from. She then grabbed my hand and headed for the exit and on toward the Mothership. We had asked the mayor if our help was needed for moving the people back to Earth. He replied that the Monsatts had more than enough room to move everyone. Once that was accomplished, they would start the task of making Mars city a spaceport.
On the way back home we managed to meet up with some of the Motherships on patrol. Hailing them, they dropped out of stardrive and took a good look at the newest Mothership. We told them we were on a shake down cruise and was extremely happy so far with what the ship could do. Mother chatted with the brains on the other ships and filled them in about the Monsatts arrival in our galaxy. No war; Peace and prosperity instead. And we sailed on. Reaching home we left the shields and cloaking device on and used the planetary ship to drop into the domed area we had left from. There were quite a few people waiting as we stepped out of the ship.  Andarro walked over to a group of scientists and started showing them the results of our shakedown cruise. The elder walked over and asked my opinion on the new ship. I told him I was very satisfied with the size and all the improvements that had been made. Andy and Manara joined us and gave their nod of approval. As a whole, the crew wanted to stay with the ship if possible. The elder told them the council had decided the team not only were assigned to the ship, but Commander Allonin was to be the Commander in chief of the new Mothership fleet. It was brought to their attention that he was the best person for the job. It was noted that his team worked so well together that They were needed also. The rest of the council came over and gave their best wishes to the group. The last council member came with a group carrying a number of packages. Each member of the team received s box and inside were the new fleet uniforms. It was time to go and everyone went their separate ways.
When they arrived home the grounds were littered with children playing games and adults keeping an eye on them.  Mother appeared, to join in, and told the children their father was home. The children turned and before they could smother him, the mothers corralled them. One by one they came to see him and after a hug left so the next one got their turn. His aide came over and told him the party was ready to start and the meal was ready to serve. Silently a message was sent that the party was to be moved to the rear of the residence where a buffet was set up. The party broke up a few hours later and Allonin Hugged and kissed each mother and child as they left. He messaged mother to note the day on the calendar so they could do this every year. Manara reminded him the grounds soon would not accommodate the crowd as it was growing in numbers each year. That brought a laugh from those that remained. It had been a fun filled day and everyone was tired and headed in to take a nap. On the way in, Manara touched my shoulder and asked to see me privately for a minute. I told the rest to go on in and we would catch up in a minute.
CHAPTER 17 A Look at the Future
Taking her hand, I transported us to that seashore where I'd been lost for awhile. Sitting on the beach side by side she asked if he was happy or would he rather go back to just having Andy and the team flying around the galaxy. That caught him by surprise.  He asked her if her feelings for him had changed. Her answer was “NO”; but I saw that gleam in your eye once inside that new Mothership. He sat there contemplating the best way to answer her question. He asked her if she trusted him, cause he had an idea he wanted to try.  She answered him with a nod and a kiss. Telling her to lie back and relax; he did the same. Empty your mind and come into my mind as you would using telepathy. He felt her there and mentally attached himself to her. Whispering; "I'm taking you to a place where there will be no doubt in your mind." Softly he went down into his inner being. There ahead was the flame and he drew her along with him till they were right in front of it. Now, he said, "ask that question again." As she did the flame started to grow dim and shrink. "Am I causing this", she asked. "If we ever parted that flame would slowly diminish to the point it was when first your seer caught my thought that I was lost. Where I go you must go also. The same holds true for Andy. You will have to adapt to you and the twins being with me. When the twins are adult, they can make their own way." Taking her hand he moved her into the flame with him. "This is the glow you see about my earthly body. As time goes by, you also will start to show the same as me.  You are the only one that can see me here as I really am." He then rose back up to the sandy beach with her in tow.
She opened her eyes and asked if it had been real. As real as I am, he answered.” What you saw is the new strain of “watchers”. They will lead our race to the next level and beyond. Are there any other questions that need answering?" “When did this start," she asked. “The flame lay dormant after your blood was mixed with mine. A few days later #1 noticed a glow surrounding me. When I passed out and lay unconscious; that sandy beach was where I was. Shortly that phantom shadow told me I was being tested and had to find my way back. It was then I followed the information supplied by the seer. The flame was an ember when I first came upon it. The phantom told me at that point I had passed the test. The rest you know.  What you don't know is that you are now like me.” He held her hand and told her to relax. Entering her mind, he led her down the same path in her mind as he had taken in his. There at her center was an ember similar to his. Telling her to concentrate on increasing it's size, the ember started to enlarge. Now that she knew what had happened to him, she could understand his need to have her and the twins with him. Her and the twins would be going through the same process and he needed to help ease the way. Unfortunately Andy could not join them, but would still be a part of the family.  Awakening again on that sandy beach, he told her it was time to return. Holding her hand, he transported them back to their home. Before going inside she threw her arms around him and told him just how much she loved him. They then went in and joined the others for an afternoon nap.
When everyone had come downstairs and set themselves down to dinner, Allonin told them he was looking forward to going back into space and traveling through the void with his team. After a round of cheers and toasts He messaged mother. Appearing at an empty chair, she asked what she could do for him.  He needed a larger area for his quarters as Manara and the twins would be part of the team. Before becoming a council member, she was a research scientist working on the stardrive engine that powered the new Mothership. #2 stood and said he could definitely use someone as qualified as her to help keep the ship running smoothly. Mother asked if a library would be needed to tutor the children. He nodded his head and thought she might be able to help out there. After dinner He notified the elder that the team was ready to go and that he would be losing Manara except for meetings of the council. He would be sure that both of them would attend unless a major problem arose. Manara said she would see to closing the house up and the help would continue the maintenance. The following morning She and Allonin transported to the small ship. The elder was there and asked for briefings from time to time in their travels. The plan was to have the ship go from Quadrant to Quadrant personally informing the Motherships they would be passing by on a regular basis, but could be backup so as other Motherships could stay in their Quadrants. They thanked everyone for seeing them off and entered the ship. Within minutes they were inside their new home. Mother had a schedule made out for meeting the Motherships so as not to back track. They would be passing by Earth in about six weeks and decided to stop and see how things had progressed on the planet. Okay, mother, enter the co-ordinates and start our maiden voyage.
CHAPTER 18 The New Earth
As they entered each quadrant, they were met by a Mothership. Mother interacted with the brains in those ships as we chatted with their tri-reps. They had spiraled their way through the galaxy and at last entered Earth's solar system. Touching base with Mars city, they entered orbit as they waited to be given a pad to set down on. Mother told them we needed the largest pad or would park on the sand. Another voice came in and it was the mayor. He instructed them to the outer perimeter of the field of pads and said we would find the pad easily. As we entered, mother scanned the field and a pad, much larger than the rest Had “the watcher's” printed on it. Mother landed us in the middle, laughing all the way down. A monsatt came out in a grav vehicle and took us to the council building. As we got out the mayor and many of my old friends were there to greet us. It turned into quite a reunion. General Walker said he heard that I was to command a fleet of the new ships. He felt sorry for me. You can look forward to gray hair and many nights of drinking yourself to sleep.  Manara came from behind me and told the General that wouldn't happen with her and the twins present as well as Andy. Slapping me on the back he steered me over to the refreshment table. “You know, he said, I thought you were A psycho when you asked me to come along. I have to eat those thoughts every day.” “How are things on earth, I asked,” He said I would find out when I got there. After a day of relaxation, we settled into the quarters provided and got a good nights sleep. We had an early morning breakfast with the Mayor and Robert and their wives. Our twins joined us and created quite a stir, telepathing to all of us their thoughts about the food and asking dozens of questions.  We hated to break up the party, but We really did want to see Earth before going on to the next quadrant.
As we entered the Mothership, I messaged mother to enter the co-ordinates for Earth and give everyone a minute to strap in. Three hours later the Mothership entered orbit. Mother scanned the surface and reported a small city in an area that used to be Orlando, Florida. Opening a channel we called down for info on a landing site. An answer came back immediately that a large concrete pad, twenty five miles square was available for ships to land. Other than us there were only two ships on the ground at this time. Mother said touchdown would take about two minutes and we'd see them shortly. Roger that was the reply. After touchdown we exited and looked at the planet that twelve years ago was almost a barren wasteland. Looking to the left of the city, It was nothing but green as we turned around till we saw Sand and beach. A hover car approached and a young man exited to ask if we needed a ride. We all looked at each other then back to the young man. It was Josh and inside the car was Alice. She jumped out and ran to greet Andy. Meanwhile, Josh was surrounded by the team asking how the planet had turned out since the migration. Josh said the planet was historically about the time of the seventeen hundreds.  “We plan to keep it that way", he said. A cough brought him around face to face with mother. Alice ran over and said their firstborn, a girl, was named mother just like her maid of honor. We all entered the car and headed back to the city. In the back, Alice was getting acquainted with Manara and the twins and holding onto Andy. It would be a short visit as they had to continue the rounds. But, they really had to see the planet after it's transformation.
A day was spent going through the city and seeing that everything worked on electricity. Gone were the coal burners and gas guzzling cars. The air was clean and without the dirty smell of smog. The humans and Monsatts had built a city to be proud of. We found out that they were working on an anti-gravity system that would reduce the need for tires and fuel use for all the transport vehicles.  At dinner that evening we were introduced to the seven member panel that ran the planet and their diplomat, just back from a trip to “the watchers” planet to seek acceptance of Earth as a member of the Galactic family.  A formal dinner was on tap and everyone in the room headed to the banquet room. Just before leaving, the diplomat, Mr R. Jacobe came over and looked Allonin up and down before stating, He had heard so much about Allonin he thought he had to see him up close. Allonin smiled, then using telepathy told the Diplomat It was okay to be interested in the Commander of “the watchers”  newest fleet, but don't over do it. The diplomat turned a little red, then excused himself and headed for the bar. Mother messaged him with a  “Well done.”  After meeting a fair number of humans and Monsatts, they took there leave. They were to be off bright and early in the morning.
CHAPTER 19 Ambush
True to their word the Mothership rose silently at seven sharp. After moving into a high orbit, they messaged their thanks for the hospitality they were shown. “Okay mother, head for Pluto and stardrive, Andy said.” #2 chartered a course that kept them on the rim of the galaxy and close enough to any alert that might come their way. Two days later saw them near the point where they had met the Monsatts. As they entered the area Allonin had a feeling something was wrong. Manara and #2 had left Andy down with the engines as they took a break for lunch. The feeling of unease grew stronger. Sending out feelers through the ship He felt a presence that was alien and very close to Andy. His mind screamed a warning and he transported to the engine room immediately. He was to late. Andy had fought with this alien presence and it had used some kind of weapon to tear her body apart.  In an instant he mentally picked up the alien and smashed him against a metal girder that held the engine in place. He went over and knelt beside her, but there was no chance of her surviving. He held her till her heart stopped, then gently laid her on the floor as the team arrived en mass. He arose and went over to the alien who was almost lifeless. Entering his mind he found what he was looking for as the alien ceased to breathe. He messaged mother to cloak and raise shields to maximum. Standing he turned and told the team to continue on and he would join them shortly. He closed his eyes and a second later was gone. 
From the mind of the alien he knew where the ship was hidden, the layout, crew numbers and how the ship was powered. He opened his eyes and knew he was in the quarters of the Alien he had killed. He sent his mind into the mass of brain tissue that controlled the ship and crippled it beyond repair. He then transported himself to the rear of the lowest deck and lay waste to all on that level as he went forward. He repeated this till he was on the top deck, where the officers were located. The Captain was in his quarters; so he saved him for last. When only he and the Captain were left, he knocked on his door. The door began to slide open. As it did, Allonin sent a mental blast through the opening.  He entered to find the captain stunned and slowly trying to stand. The captain saw him and reached for a weapon. Suddenly the captain was slammed against the wall and unable to move. Upon closer study, he realized this was an alien “the watchers” had fled from eons ago. Mentally holding him against the wall he asked the captain, “do you know what you have done? You have taken one of the most important people in my life and murdered her.” The captain answered, “where is my crew, my son, the brain that controls this ship.?”  All gone was the reply he got. The captain was shaken and upset. “You have killed over six hundred of my race, including my son. What kind of animal are you?" “What was done today will also be done to your race, if you ever come near this galaxy again. Do you understand? Millions like me will ferret out each and every one of you and exterminate your race. I have left enough of the brain to maintain this ship for its journey home. You will tell you people what lies in store for them should they ever come this way. You have cleaning up to do and the year you travel should give you more than enough time. Goodbye!” Allonin transported back to the Mothership and went to his quarters. Waiting there was a bottle of bourbon and a glass full of ice. The bottle went to the sauna, the hot tub, then to bed. For some reason the bottle didn't help. He felt a soft caress gently touch his mind then a soft voice said, “I'm with you and will be the place you can come to when your mind needs time for healing.” Then he was being hugged from behind and a voice said, " go to sleep; I'll watch over you till morning."
He slept, but had no idea how long. He rose and went to clean up and dress. As he entered the living room, there sat mother and Manara. “I've ordered breakfast for you, "mother said.” Then she faded and was gone. Sitting down next to Manara, she poured a cup of coffee and pushed breakfast in front of him. Looking at the dirty dishes, he knew she had already eaten. He sat there in silence. After finishing breakfast he enjoyed a quiet cup of coffee. Feeling much better, he proceeded to tell Manara what he had done. When finished, he asked her how much more killing could he do before he went mad. She couldn't give an answer because she didn't know. She did however, tell him he might just have given the galaxy a thousand years more of peace. He asked her to do him a favor and she said whatever it is she would do it. He walked into the master bath and returned with a large pink and a large blue towel. With a smile, she jumped up, grabbed the pink towel, placed his hand in hers and walked toward the private room that held the sauna and hot tub. After the required thirty minutes in the sauna, they went into the hot tub. As he sat there, he looked at Manara; really looked at her. After a minute, he said, “when this emptiness and pain I feel diminishes, I will slave to make you the happiest most loved woman in the galaxy. Looking at him with those beautiful eyes of hers, she said,”you already have”, and gave him a long kiss to prove it. After a shower and redressing he wrote a report to the council. He had mother look at it. Then she looked at it again. Saying nothing, she sent it off. Within minutes they had orders to attend an emergency meeting. Messaging #1, he put him in command till they returned.
CHAPTER 20 Plans
Touching Manara's hand , he transported them the council building and they entered just as the last arrived.  The elder handed out copies of this report and gave the members a minute to read it. There is much we don't know in this report and would like to ask you some questions. Allonin stood and spread mental tendrils to each of the council members. Having done this, he gave them the whole picture, from the first feeling of wrongness to sending the commander back to his galaxy with the message.  He heard gasps from around the table as each one saw vividly what had transpired. A few even got angry that he had showed the complete picture. He walked to the center of the u shaped table and told them to get their heads out of the sand.  “Now that I have your undivided attention I will give you my feelings about this problem and the ways to solve it. It, all planets that have some type of stardrive should immediately start arming their vessels until they have a space force to protect themselves, and aid the galaxy if we have to go to war. 2nd, put outpost monitors in place to cover the galactic rim. 3Rd, Don't stop at fifty of these new ships, but build at least five hundred. If war does come, I suggest to you we go to their galaxy and make their race extinct. Are there any questions? “One councilor wanted to know how they were to get that many tri-reps. I looked at him and said,” you are living in the past. If you can send millions to their death, the least you can do is stand up and fight with us. You have an abundance of talent on this planet; start using it. I, for one have to much to lose to sit on my hands and let others do the dirty work. Then Allonin went back to his seat and let them argue among themselves. After about twenty minutes of listening, he took Manara's hand and led her out of the chamber.  Grabbing a drink they went down to the pond by the med building and watched the water fowl swimming around. She asked if he thought the council would act on his recommendations. He shrugged his shoulders and said nothing. After a minute, he asked if she had ever skinny- dipped. She said she didn't know what that was He stood up threw his clothes on the lawn and ran into the water. She laughed and then shed her clothes and joined him. "Is this an Earth custom?” “No; too many prudes frowned on it and said we were all going to hell.” The water fowl was not impressed and making a racket soon drove the two of them out of the water. Once dry the donned their clothes and enjoyed the silence. He was about ready to transport back to the Mothership, when the elder appeared and told them the plan had merit and work was to start tomorrow. They would also recruit commanders from their own people. The monitors would be placed as soon as possible around the perimeter of the galaxy. A message was being sent to all the planets to prepare for war. May not happen; but we want to be prepared. The elder looked at him and thanked him for waking up the old fools in the council.  He restated his belief that Allonin should have become the elder. With a no thank you, he and Manara transported back to his Mothership.
The minute they arrived, mother appeared to report all was quiet and going smoothly. She had messaged the team in advance to be in the dining room when they got back. She was sure that something was about to happen. They proceeded down to the dining room and sat with the team. He went on to explain they were on a war footing and all had to be at the top of their game. Opening his mind to them, they immediately knew what had transpired at the time of Andy's death.  What he had done in that alien ship and the message he sent back with the Commander. “The watchers were not going to stop at fifty new Motherships, but at least five hundred minimum were requested. Mother was instructed to reach each and every Mothership and get this information to them; including the messages being sent to all planets that had ships with stardrive or similar propulsion to gear up for war and start building warships in case the aliens decided to come and conquer this galaxy also. After the conference he took Manara back to quarters. Sitting on the couch, he asked if she had time to consider what to do with all those children that were hybrids like himself. We must protect them at all costs. They are the future. After coming up without a solution, they had a meal there and then relaxed in the hot tub. The next morning mother appeared and reported all Motherships had been contacted and new the circumstances of the alert. How far are we from “The watchers” world he asked. About a day out, she replied. Manara told them there was a name for that planet. They were both stunned.  “Our home is on the planet Eden.”  Asking if she wanted to go with him; the answer being yes, he transported them back to Eden.
CHAPTER 21 Search
Sending out tendrils he soon found what he was looking for. The council was at the mountain laboratory. They transported to that location and soon found them. The elder asked the reason for their presence and Allonin told him they had to make arrangements for sheltering the hybrid children. Our future must be saved at all costs. I'm, thinking of going to a nearby galaxy and setting up a secure place for them along with scientists and that large brain you had the last time you took precautions. Think about it and give me an answer just as soon as you can. We will be working on co-ordinates and time element to go and come back.
I leave you to your debates. He took Manara's hand and left for the Mothership. Upon arriving, he messaged mother to come to his office. He gave a brief explanation of what he wanted to do. Find the nearest galaxy, plot the co-ordinates to get there, and the amount of time it would take there and back; plus a day to search for a habitable planet. Without a word she was gone.  An hour later she was back. The nearest galaxy is the Canis Major Dwarf Galaxy. It is roughly 45,000 light years from the center of the Milky Way.  Travel time in this ship will be about three weeks total;  giving you twenty four hours to find a planet. Before he had a chance to ask, she said the co-ordinates were in his command chair on the bridge.
Then we are on our way. Getting to the command chair he sent one chime ; waited thirty seconds and punched in the engines. They were on their way to a place no one had been to. He messaged mother and she appeared instantly. He asked how long would the trip take using the ship that was used before to take the mothers and children to safety. The trip would be a month one way. When we get back, remind me as I will want to use that information when I next meet with the council. It didn't take quite ten days; closer to nine and a half. Slowing down,but still in stardrive, we started our search. We were beginning to get nervous after sixteen hours and nothing even close to what we wanted. The ship took an unexpected turn onto a new course. Mother apologized for the maneuver, but she caught a glimpse on the sensors that a planet within our parameters was nearby. After we traveled half a light year, we dropped out of stardrive and entered a solar system with four planets. The second one out from the sun would do nicely. We scanned the entire planet and found no evidence of a race. It was an ocean world with a large number of islands . There was an abundance of wildlife and flora. Water wouldn't be a problem as the larger islands had lakes and streams flowing down from the mountains. Mother said she had the co-ordinates to return and we could go back immediately. Turning the ship we left the solar system and entered stardrive. Between Manara and #2 we were back in nine days. Everyone was jubilant, but also tired. We stopped in at Mars city and took a twenty four hour break.
As we were about to leave, the Mayor asked if we could come with him to the council building We followed him and as we walked into the foyer we were taken aback by the addition of a statue of Andy in the center. The Mayor turned and told us they also felt the pain of loss as we did. The likeness was uncanny. We stayed an hour, then told them we had to go. The Mayor walked with us to the ship. Along the way he asked about the messages they had received from  "the Watchers” The answer we gave was, better safe than sorry. Tell the people on Earth that we need them to focus on defense, arm their ships and be ready to fight. This will be the last stand for all of us. We have about three years give or take. Hopefully the monitors will give us enough warning,  We proceeded to the outer edge of the solar system and entered stardrive to go back to Eden.  During the voyage back home we had time to ponder the actions we might have to take. Manara and I spent a lot of time with Tabitha and Allen, The children were growing rapidly. I messaged mother a thank you as she was helping to tutor them. I asked Manara, "how long before they can teleport and how far?” she said not to worry as they had several years to go before we needed to teach them.  Soon, the time came to drop out of stardrive and enter the solar system of Eden. Giving advance notice of their arrival, Manara and Allonin transported to their home and left #1 to orbit the ship.
After checking that the house was in order, they transported the children down. The housekeeper and valet spent the rest of the day with the kids while they went to the council chamber. After greeting everyone they made their report. They had found a planet in a small galaxy nearby and thought it best to do as they had the last time. This time however, they could send a couple of the new Motherships there with supplies and personnel to build a small city for many of the scientists and hybrid children and their mothers.  When finished, the large mother ship that had been used before could make the last trip with the main group.  Because of its slower speed, two of the new Motherships would accompany it there. Whatever the outcome of a war they would be safe. This also gave “the watchers” a beachhead for colonizing the dwarf galaxy. There was no sign of intelligent life in the area they had searched. With a foothold there, they would have years to terraform worlds for a growing population. If war was averted, they could still go ahead with these plans and ask others in this galaxy to join them.  There was little or no debate and the assemble stood as one and applauded the idea in its entirety. The elder walked over to the podium and brought the council up to date on their progress. “The monitor satellites had been placed around the galactic perimeter, Thirty of the new Motherships were in final stage of construction. There were fifty new Commanders being tested and trained as they spoke. It was a mix of several races including our own. Once this class has completed mental and physical testing, they would spend a month in the field with a tri-rep Commander to get their feet wet, so to speak. We have several hundred waiting to start their testing already. The planet where the new ships are being built are working nonstop to get more and more ships started and adding qualified personnel to increase startups. I think it is in our best interest to add a number of air breathing races to the roster for that new planet. Right now we shall load that large Mothership with materials and personnel to leave within a few days with commander Allonin's ship as escort. Again the council approved one hundred percent. With the meeting over we went back to our residence and claimed the children again.
CHAPTER 22 A Safe Haven
I asked Manara if she had ever had ice cream. The look on her face said it all. With each of us holding one of the kids, I transported us to Mars city.  On a corner of a certain street was an old fashioned ice cream parlor. Inside we went, to a booth. Allonin ordered banana splits for each of them. When the order came he was about to pay the bill, when the owner said, "you insult me; your money is no good here!" He was grinning from ear to ear as he left them to enjoy their ice cream. The kids asked if they could return again and have this wonderful food called ice cream. “I believe that can be arranged," said Manara. As they walked down the street they passed a number of people who smiled and nodded to the kids. “Is this your home daddy", Tabitha asked. Allonin replied that it wasn't; but was a home away from home. Shortly the children tired, and they transported home. It was nice having a few days of R&R. The team needed it. Too soon they would be traveling through the void again. Forty eight hours later the call came that the huge Mothership was ready to go. Wasting no time, we left for our Mothership and a meeting with the overly large Mothership. Upon leaving orbit, mother transferred the co-ordinates for the trip. Comparing notes, the ships could travel about a mile apart with no problem and we would match their speed. It will take approximately twenty four days to reach our destination at their speed.
With all that free time, we devoted most of out time with the twins. At this point they were the equivalent of a human six year old, and just as curious. We found they did not care for the sauna, but loved the hot tub. They loved pancakes and sausage just like dad.  Finally we dropped out of stardrive and slowed to enter the solar system that would be home for a number of races in the future. It took a little over a day and a half to empty the cargo and the teams that would build the small city. We took the planetary ship down and met with the leader. “You have roughly eighteen months to finish the city. If you find there are things you are missing, the seer with you will contact me. That is the only way you are to use to contact “the watchers”, I said” We talked with the seer and entered into each others mind to make sure she could contact me and not be fooled by someone else.
We boarded the ship and returned to our Mothership. Mother and the other brain were all set to go. She did a thirty second countdown and both ships in unison turned and left orbit. “One hour to stardrive and then home, said mother.” So we settled in for the twenty four day trip. Manara looked me up on the bridge to tell me my services were needed On Eden, With a wink, she said goodbye. Going to our quarters, I settled into a chair, relaxed and put our home on Eden in the front of my mind. I heard the house keeper gasp as I materialized in front of her. “I'm sorry to have startled you. Please forgive me. I have to get to the med building immediately. I closed my eyes and there I was at the med building. I entered and the doctor met me to usher me into a private room. Half hour later I exited only to have the doctor point to another door. Upon entering, I met the seer that had my first child. I laughed and told her, no shots this time. As I left an hour later, I saw the doctor coming my way. He told me, no more doors. He wanted to know if it was possible for him to go to the new city that was being built when the time came. I told him he had a seat in my ship waiting for him. He was all smiles as he walked away. On the way back to the ship I stopped at Mars city.
CHAPTER 23 Offer for the Griffens
I searched and found Robert Griffen. Meeting him at a local pub, we sat down and had a little chat. Asking him what he thought, Allonin mapped out his idea of offering Robert a chance to become a Commander of one of the new Motherships. He would have to be trained and pass, physical and psyche tests. Allonin felt he owed him for all his help during the Earth crisis. "What of my wife and kids.” “You and your wife would both get new bodies of your choosing; even a copy of what you look like now.  The kids, once reaching the age of twenty one, would have the same opportunity. You know it's not automatic. The same holds true for them as well as you. Your wife would not have to be tested as she is not going to be offered a command position at this time. “Robert asked if he could have time to consider this proposition with Betty and the kids.” The Motherships would pass by shortly. Allonin could give him a period of four days and return for his answer then.
With that settled he transported back to the Mothership. He told Manara of his offer; she thought it a wonderful idea. Being the Commander in chief of possibly five hundred new Motherships gave him latitude to hand pick a few to be tested. Of course, #1, 2, and 4 would be offered the opportunity also. Now with things settled down, he and Manara went to the solarium to enjoy a drink and peace and quiet. He sat there Admiring his wife, when she looked up and asked if anything was wrong. He smiled and said “everything is just right.” He didn't believe she knew what a beautiful creature she was. So, he kept sipping his drink and admiring her. He wondered if mother could have a gold chain necklace made with a nice white diamond hanging from it. He became alert as a whisper entered his mind; you'll have it in you office in two days.  The fourth day saw them enter the arm of the milky way which would bring them near Mars city.
Allonin asked if Manara would like to accompany him; but she was busy with Tabitha. He advised mother he was taking a short jaunt to Mars city and would be back in a couple hours. Allonin transported to Robert's residence and rang the bell. Robert answered the door with a smile and said, “The last time you came to my home you snuck around in that cape and cloak devise. Come on in and have a cup of coffee. Betty took Sam and jr. out to pick up an order from the store. She will be back in five.” Pouring coffee for each he came over and sat at the table with Allonin. "Did you remember to check you gun and turn on the tape recorders”? Robert grinned and said, "touche!"  Betty with the kids walked in just then. After inquiring about Sam's health, they talked about Allonin's offer. Finally, Robert said if the kids can come he would take me upon my offer.
Allonin replied he did not intentionally break up families and of course the kids would come. And, if He passed the tests the family would be part of his team on a Mothership. Huddling them together he transported them to the Mothership just outside his quarters. As they entered Manara came out of the bedroom and welcomed them aboard. Betty wondered what to do about clothing, when mother appeared and with an astute look told them clothing would be in their quarters in about two hours.  Tabitha and Allen made an appearance just long enough to greet Robert's children; then away they went to explore their new surroundings. Manara offered to go down to the dining room with Betty; but we all went in the end. Reading the worry in Betty's eyes, she said not to worry. Tabitha and Allen will bring them here when they get hungry. Once everyone had eaten, they gathered up the kids and showed Robert and his family their quarters, till we get to Eden. Mother made an Attendant available, so they could go to the public areas of the ship. Once the kids saw their rooms, they were off and running again. That evening Manara invited Robert and Betty to join them in the sauna and spa. After the allotted time they sat in the living room and enjoyed cocktails. Soon Betty was yawning and they left to get some sleep. Soon they were orbiting Eden and mother had enlisted Robert in the next command testings being held in two days. Leaving #1 to take care of the Mothership Manara got the group together and  transported to their home. “While Robert is being tested, this will be your home and anything you need, ask our housekeeper or Allonin's man.”  Manara then explained they had to go meet the council to make a report and get brought up to speed on the plans in progress.
CHAPTER 24 Results
Without further delay they transported to the council chambers and took seats to listen to the elder. It was apparent that five Motherships were being completed each week and that with new people on board they could double that amount in a month. Twenty five ships were now cruising along the galaxy rim and each one had a seer on board.  The satellites had nothing to report and all was quiet. Reporting on the arms buildup; scientists had discovered a way to use dark matter as a weapon. At this time we have nothing more to report. The huge Mothership has just left with more builders and supplies. In an emergency, the new city could house up to a thousand people in three months. Those that are slated to go from here have been notified and given directions where to go for transfer. We are now getting reports from the air breathing races about numbers that they will send to the new city. One of our new Motherships was outfitted to carry two or three members of each non air breathing race to the galaxy to explore the possibility of sending members of their race there for security. That is all that we have at this time.
The assembly broke up and the elder came over and sat with Manara and Allonin. He wondered if there was anything he needed to know regarding the deployment of ships under Allonin's command. “Looks like you have covered the rim just as I would have.  If they keep a wide enough space between them, it should cover us well for the time being, said Allonin.” The elder turned his attention to Manara, but she answered his question before he could ask it. “I and the twins will be staying on board with Commander Allonin. With us around he is more relaxed and on top of things before they grow into huge problems.  The elder smiled, patted Manara on the shoulder, and left. They had answered the elder and were now free to return to their home.
The minute They appeared Tabitha screeched,  mommy just got home. After a few minutes the adults went out on the veranda for drinks and idle chatter. Robert had been down to the center for inductees for the tri-rep testing. He had seen some of the training and wasn't sure he was up to it. Manara looked at Allonin; “you didn't tell him!” “Sorry, I forgot, responded Allonin.  Calling mother, he told her to scan Robert and Betty, then show them holograms they might like for their new bodies. Mother appeared and after a minute she said he looked like a good candidate for the corps. While there she told Robert the actual testing would start in about a week. Having them sit she showed them the body styles available. When finished, they decided to keep their own but maybe a bit younger. Mother made a few corrections to the hologram and asked for their opinion. They were elated and told her so. “In forty eight hours have Allonin bring you down to the med wing and we will take care of the rest. “Oh, I almost forgot, I'll tell you all you need to know about the new bodies before we start, mother said and disappeared”. True to her word two days later they were given the lowdown on their new bodies and the transfer procedure started. Unlike Allonin, the procedure at the med building took only thirty six hours and they were up and moving around. They had a thousand questions and mother patiently answered every single one. The testing took about a week and except for the telepathy, Robert did very well and received his new uniform and got to see his Mothership; but first he had to spend a week with a seasoned Commander,.
Allonin took pity on him and had #1 show him the ropes as the rest enjoyed the cruise. When the time was up Allonin stood at the portal and handed him the insignia of his office. The Mothership was now his. His orders were on the bridge in the Commander's chair computer. Now that the regulations had been followed, they went up to the dining room and had a bite and talked about old times. Manara did not know much about the part Robert played in the reclamation of Earth. So Robert recounted the history for her. “Allonin, hidden behind his cloak of invisibility had broken into his house and scared him half to death. Then he tells me this hair brained story of saving the planet and some of its people. I thought he was some sneak thief till he dropped that cowl that hid his features. The platinum hair, the lavender eyes. And those ears, were enough to convince me he was not a thief and he actually needed my money and help. The scheme was just enough off the wall to actually work, So I spent a good deal of my wealth helping him and in return he took my immediate family with him when all hell broke loose. All I now have is thanks to him.” Allonin had to tell Manara that most of what he said was true, but he hardly made a dent in his net worth. Furthermore all that wealth would be for naught if he stayed on Earth. He was willing to take me at face value and for that I'm indebted to him and always will be. What he has know he worked for and deserves.” The two women looked at the men and started laughing. When finished they told them they were a matched pair. Then everyone laughed.
CHAPTER 25 Trial by Fire
Days turned into weeks and weeks into months. Both Robert and Allonin cruised the rim with the other Motherships and all was quiet. Word came from the elder that over two hundred new Motherships were now on active duty and the city was almost ready for as many as twenty five thousand people. The news couldn't be better.  The day started out routinely, but just before lunch the alarms sounded.  Allonin jumped out of his chair and ran from the office, through the door, to the bridge. Looking at the screens he saw about thirty ships heading straight for them. Sounding battle stations, mother ejected the fighters and was about to strengthen the screens when there was a loud boom followed by explosions. Trying to move the ship was difficult and mother was doing her best to get the ship into motion. #2 signaled the engines were off line and it would take at least a couple hours to fix. I signaled  #1 to take the lead as we had a problem. Mother came back and told him a ship had been disguised as a meteor and was on our flank Putting mother in charge I sat in the captains chair and pictured this ship and then I was inside. An alien came around the corner and he died on the spot. He ducked into a room and found the arsenal on this ship. He killed the brain and as he started to transport back to his ship he set off the arsenal. As he opened his eyes, on the vid screen, there was a huge ball of fire.  Help was on the way, but they were outnumbered two to one. Messaging Manara that she had to get her and the twins over to Robert's ship and tell him to withdraw till help arrived. Messaging The brain on Robert's ship, he asked if there was room to take mother on board. It wasn't sure but it was worth a try. Going down to the room that housed her, He touched the casing and transported her into the tank on Robert's ship #2 was likewise moved along with the attendants still aboard.
The ship was now barren of life except for him. Putting a timer in the arsenal's store room set for ten minutes, he now opened his mind and grasped the ship and flung it as hard as he could at the advancing fleet. At nine minutes and fifty seconds the screens would drop. He stayed with the ship till the nine minute mark then transported to one of their ships on the edge of the V. No sooner had he appeared and his Mothership mushroomed into a cloud of molten chunks that penetrated many of the ships. Though he had crippled a half dozen, the odds were still against them. Finding a small room that was dusty from not being used He sent his hologram from ship to ship till he found the commander's flag ship.  Standing behind him on the bridge he started laughing. Everyone turned and looked at him. They all started shooting at the same time; but he kept on laughing. The commander lifted his hand and they all stopped. “Who are you?” he asked. “I am your worst nightmare. I sent a ship back to your galaxy to give you a message. Apparently you did not heed this warning. Watch your screens." His hologram faded, then Allonin went to the next ship, Once inside, he opened his mind and grabbed the ship and rammed it into the one next to it. He repeated this again on the next ship He then went on the other side of the flag ship and disabled four more ships. Then the hologram appeared again in front of the commander. “Shall I continue? Once all your ships are disabled then I am going to cleanse them of all life; saving yours for last.” "The watchers” Motherships were now getting the upper hand, and with reinforcements close, the fight was over. The commander radioed to all ships to stand down and be prepared to be boarded. Allonin messaged #1 the fight was over and the commander had surrendered. keep an eye open for the renegade that would rather die than surrender.  “Now commander, This was your second mistake. Now heed my words. This galaxy is off limits to you and yours. One more incursion and I will annihilate every last one of your race if it takes a thousand years. The choice is yours. Your first ship took my beloved wife. That is why your captain came home alone. Don't make a third mistake.” The hologram faded and Allonin transported to Rogers' Mothership. Mother appeared and was a little upset that he had moved her, but would forgive him this time. Robert pressed him for information which Allonin said he would go over after a well deserved drink. Turning around he saw the most beautiful sight on this god forsaken day. Manara and the twins were there on the bridge. Tabitha looked at her father and asked, “Daddy, why do you glow like the light in my room.” In all the excitement no one had noticed the golden aura around him. Getting down on one knee he gave her a hug and said, “this glow is all the love you share with me”. “Oh daddy!” He picked her up and with Manara by his side the went to the dining room. After explaining what he had done he told them he knew where the home planet was and all their outposts. In showing the commander by telepathy a map of all their installations, he had no doubts what lay in store if they ever came to this galaxy again. They left a force to see that those ships headed back the way they came as a Commander Robert Griffen turned his Mothership around and headed for Eden. Allonin asked Manara if she thought the council would give him another Mothership for mother and the team. Laughing, she said she would put a good word in for him.
As they lay in bed that night He took Manara down to the flame, which was now an inferno. As they stood there the shadow once more appeared. He told Allonin he had done well, but he still had a new generation of “watchers" to generate and his work would never be done. There will be long lulls so you can sit back and enjoy the fruit of your of your labors. You, Manara, are to be the mother of this new race. As partners you will succeed in this endeavor. Come again sometime, so I can enjoy your company “Goodbye for now.” Once more the were laying quietly when Manara said she had a surprise for him. “And what might that be love?” “Another set of twins,” she giggled. Then with a kiss she cuddled up behind him and fell asleep, while he wondered “Twins”! Months later they gave him a new ship and mother messaged him how nice it was to be able to stretch out again. The council was elated with the way he handled a difficult problem and had already shipped a number of air breathing people from different races to the new planet. He could tell they wondered about this golden aura of his and Manaras but said nothing. Tabitha and Allen were excited to have daddy home and he took them fishing, swimming, and once in a while they all transported to Mars city for ice cream.  Life was good, but he knew there was to be more problems in the future. He had to enjoy the lull now, however long it lasted. As long as he could have Manara with him life was good.

###
About the Author
I was born in upstate |New York and moved to a number of residents in my early years. In 1986 I met my soul-mate  and in 1999 we retired and move to a small town outside of Nashville, TN. To keep my mind from going stale and a little prodding from my wife, The first book came to life. With a lot of help from her and our daughter Beth I got the first book published Now we are trying to finish and publish book number 2 ( Trial by Fire). If this gets published , an outline for the final book is in the early stages.
