Vincent's Story
Terra Series
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2014
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please buy an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Prologue
Vincent opened his eyes as he groaned softly hearing Sora an angelic Earthari being having a Human female bald headed form with a white robe covering her from the chest down and having glowing form with wings while flittering in the air above him singing again in her musical like voice. He sighed to lean against the window on Fishlala the Fishla's home world in a rocky castle island set aside for natives of air breathing despite the Fishla were water breathers and mostly lived underwater in domes. He sighed as he recalled himself as Vincent but as a Human whose species was oddly named Earthari by the Fishla. He recalled his life as Vincent before picked up by the Fishla who picked up survivors of the species Tennan's destruction onto his home planet. 
He sighed as he heard Sora singing he understanding her speech "Ancient One, tell me a story about an Earther named Adair Vincent Attala who the Earthers seem to revere religiously in Earthari's terms."
He sighed a Human trait recalling that Earther was Fishla speak for vampire was short for their meaning "Children of the Earth."
Vincent spoke in response telling the story from his memory fully in mind.

Chapter One
"Vincent spies on twins before they become vampires like him a few nights. Vincent feels like he wants to lead someone like a leader hence his spying. Twins live in a run down abandoned house bordering a forest only going out during the day which they sleep in the house during the night. Vincent after awhile of watching goes in the house one night while Milan is out and converts Madrid into a vampire then waits for Milan to arrive home which he converts into a vampire. He gives twins their names and tells them that he calls himself Vincent while indicating it’s not his real name along with asserting his leader authority. He takes them into the forest to his house the manor a mansion while learning from twins that no one goes to live there or goes near thinking the surrounding forest and the house are haunted. He shows them rooms to stay in and gives them clothes to wear along with teaching them how to hunt animals to feed off of when Humans are in short supply. Vincent the next night spots the twins outside in the garden whispering to each other standing next to a rose bush plant that makes him angry and he yells at them to leave the plant alone which they look at him with shock on their faces which he angrily shoos them away from it. He stares at the plant while thinking the name Vincent as an image of a dog comes to his mind and sigh thinking of needing to lead which he adds to himself that he has it with the twins. Vincent while hunting comes upon a bear which he attacks and bear puts up a big fight which he has trouble taking down. Bear managed to knock him on his back on the ground and before bear could bite him on the face with its jaws a male German Shepherd Dog comes barreling out of the forest attacking bear. Vincent sees that dog is helping him gets up and with bear distracted managed to get his hands onto it in a choke hold which he feeds off till bear is unconscious once done walks away followed by the dog which resists his attempts to shoo away. Dog to his annoyance follows him to the house where he meets twins there who look amused which he feeling disgust goes inside leaving dog out. Dog to his annoyance appears to be sleeping on the steps and using one of the trees as his bathroom which he discovers by walking on it one night also following him whenever he is out hunting animals for blood. Vincent gets fed up with dog grabs him to attempt to feed off of it discovers some feeling holding him back which he doesn’t feed and let goes of dog to sit on the steps that licks his face. He gives the dog a name calling him Champagne and takes him inside the house to a room with a ratty couch and a bed which his instincts tell him to mentally speak to the dog as a way of communicating with him. Vincent orders dog to stay in the room then goes around the house looking for items such as a dog collar with tags leading to the house, leash and dog toys along with dog food which he finds all over the house. He finds the basement and finds a very large amount of burlap full bags stacked in the room which he peers in and realizes are dog food and acting on a hunch goes to a room with covered up furniture and heavy curtain double doors leading to outside to the wall which he sees a large painting picture of a male with a black background frowning with his hair color pulled back wearing a suit while sitting in a chair with a hand on a large dog next to him on its haunches wearing a collar like the one he found. 
He sees on the painting’s frame words “Adair Attala and Champagne, December twenty five.” 

He got interrupted by Sora speaking "December twenty five? What's that?"
He spoke in a groaning tone "It's a date in Earthari time terms for the planet Terra's rotation around the sun making it a year in Earthari's terms once it completes a whole rotation of that."
He eyed Sora who spoke "Continue on with the story now."
Vincent obeyed.

Chapter Two
"Vincent gets a memory of himself sitting in an identical chair wearing similar clothing with a dog sitting next to him while staring at a man who is appearing to wear ragged clothing with paint on them while busy painting on an easel while seeing a woman looking old judging by her hair color and facial features wearing a high collared and long sleeved dress while sitting in a chair watching with a frown on her face. Vincent in the present day groans as a headache arrives to his head collapse to the floor curling in a ball which he gets a scene in his mind showing him as Adair wearing the suit standing next to a bed with the woman lying in it which he is closing her open eyes and backs away with horror on his face. He in the memory stops backing to go towards her picking up her wrist and with a knife in his other hand cuts it dropping the knife to bring it to his lips sucking on the blood till there is no more and the blood stops flowing which he licks the wound closed.  Adair once done runs outside through the double doors of the room in the darkness of a rain storm falling to the ground in a kneel aiming his face with eyes closed towards the sky while groaning of pain loudly with his hands fisted. He roars out an inhuman like cry then opens his eyes baring his teeth that two are now fanged and then gets up walking back into the house which he closes the double doors pulling back the curtains and stares at the woman lying dead in the bed which he pulls a blanket over her and walks away leaving the room closing the door behind him. 
Vincent in the present day sits up gasping as the headache leaves him and he looks around the room recognizing it as the old woman’s bedroom despite furniture covered up with sheets. Vincent goes out to hunt which he comes upon a deer and feeds off it nearly killing it which he finished sees a fawn come out of the bushes wobbling towards the deer which he says something like its not his problem walks away. He goes to the house and to his bedroom to sleep then wakes up feeling a hand touch his forehead which he sees belongs to a young woman (Devon) who he is rude to for trespassing in his house. Young woman refuses to back down treats him with kindness which he finds something dead in him wakening up which he treats her with kindness. Vincent learns her name is Devon who he feels he loves her and tells her that which she doesn’t say much about it but seems fine with his declaration. He has Devon to take care of Champagne and his needs including going out in the daylight for the dog which lasts a few days and nights till he goes out on a hunt- "

Vincent got interrupted by Sora again "Can't you change the language uses and try telling another term?"
He spoke in response figuring out what Sora wanted.

"Vincent sniffed the air walking through the forest with night vision eyes sight which showed the scene as clear as daylight in the color green. He frowned as he heard Champagne barking loudly from his left and recognized the dog’s bark in an angry annoyed tone. He ran into the forest slipping silently through the bushes till he peered through the clearing to see Devon with her black hair pulled back wearing a black dress and black booted shoes on her feet standing with Champagne facing a bear. He groaned as the bear stood on two legs walking towards Devon changing its form to a male wearing a grass skirt and grass anklets with knives in hand swinging towards her. He stiffened recognizing the man as a Shaman and he darted through the bushes making noises. He saw the Shaman twist around to face him which he charged full body attack knocking the man and himself to the ground. He was quick to sit up on top of the Shaman and grimaced from the pain feeling the man’s knife swipe him on the face making a cut from his cheek to his forehead missing his eye by inches. He allowed anger to take control grabbed the Shaman’s head and gave it a jerk which he sensed the man give up his life swinging arms flopped towards the ground. He got up and walked towards Devon who let go of Champagne’s leash and walked towards him. He flinch stepping back as her right hand slapped him on his face on the left side as he howled an angry sound. He saw Devon take off running into the forest and he followed her using his fast speed to tackle her from behind. He thrust Devon onto her back while grabbing her wrists with his hands. 
Devon to his shock spat in his face and spoke “I’ll never be yours for you’re a murderer.” 
He felt anger take control along with the desire to feed arrived within him. He angrily bared his teeth and brought his mouth to her neck biting with his fangs and he sucked the blood within. He drank till he felt Devon stop squirming becoming still and licked the wound closed then he released his hold on her wrists. He gave Devon a glare and brought his hands to her head and gave it a jerk while hearing a snapping sound as he sensed her body gave up its life. He moved back on his seat to stare at Devon’s lifeless body as a feeling of sadness arrived within him. He placed a hand on his forehead as he felt the sadness feeling overtake him and he howled painful mourning cries while rocking his form back and forth. He laid his form down on the ground curling into a ball as his cries became softer. He felt hands touch his shoulders and looked to see kneeling next to him were the twins with identical faces and brown hair, the male called Madrid and the female called Milan who pulled him up to a standing position. He felt them place his arms on their shoulders escorting him still wailing through the forest to the Ashmere Manor house that stood looming over them. He stopped wailing as the twins escorted him into the house into Champagne’s room where he was forced into a lying position on the guest bed which he curled his form into a ball hands covering his face and felt himself falling asleep which he surrendered to the sleepiness going unconscious. Vincent woke up with a gasp abruptly sitting up on the bed. He felt his face with a hand on the left side to feel a thin grove line going from his cheek to his forehead. He looked around the room with disorientation as he shook his head recognizing Champagne sitting on the couch eyeing him with his eyes. He got up from the bed and looked at the curtains that were glowing whiteness and groaned softly. He walked to the open doorway in the corner of the room diagonally opposite from the bed and left the room closing the door behind him. He exhaled air seeing the door to the bathroom on his left which he went inside to the shower stall while taking off his jeweled barrette out of his hair and yanked off his clothes and sneakers which he left lying on the floor. He got in the shower turning on the water to toleration levels and stood underneath the water spray allowing the water to fall over his muscular body. He shut his eyes and brought his head up face into the water while rubbing his face with his hands. 
“Devon” he spoke. 
He lowered his head opening his eyes and with a hand shut the water off getting out of the shower. He shook himself and squeezed his hair twisting it in a rope as water poured out off of him. Exhaling air he felt himself dry grabbed his clothes putting them on and picked up his barrette which he pulled his hair back putting it in. Groaning he left the bathroom to the doorway down the hall next to the stairs which he opened showing a large kitchen with gleaming appliances. Shaking his head of disgust he went to the cupboard and pulled out a large burlap sack along with a metal bowl which he poured food in it. He put away the sack in the cupboard and went out of the kitchen to Champagne’s room where he entered placing the bowl down on the floor. He stared at Champagne who got off from the couch towards the bowl watching him noisily eat the food. He folded his arms with a frown on his face as he stared at Champagne who stopped eating and watched the dog go to the couch to sprawl on it. Exhaling a breath he picked up the empty bowl and left the room closing the door behind him to the kitchen where he placed the bowl in the dishwasher. The events with the Shaman and Devon’s death flashed in his mind’s eye. 
He spoke out loud “Devon, why did you reject me?”
He left the kitchen to the stairs going up them entering the second floor which he walked pass doorways till he reached one open and walked in the doorway closing the door. He stared at his room which was on the large size. He saw a wall with curtains in front of him that were glowing a bit and jutting from a dark end of the room was a large bed with a padded headboard. He saw dressers with turned off lamps flanking the bed as he groaned some sound and went to the bed lying on his back. He stared at the smooth white ceiling with a frown and closed his eyes.Vincent dreamed of a forest clearing which he stood staring at. He saw a woman barely twenties wearing faded jeans with holes in them and a T-shirt walk in view. He stared at the woman’s face which he saw brown eyes and long brown hair left down on her back. He frowned as the woman abruptly fell in a kneel with a shocked expression on her face dropping a raggedy backpack from her hand which he growled softly as he saw the Shaman arrive in the clearing from her left. 
He stiffened as he saw Devon walk from behind the Shaman speaking “She’ll have to do.” 
He frowned at the words as the Shaman spoke “I agree.”
He stared at the Shaman who went to the woman placing his hands on her head speaking in foreign language then removed his hands. 
The woman he saw got up to a standing position eyes staring at the Shaman who spoke “You won’t remember this, go on your way but your mission I gave you, you’ll remember it.” 
Vincent folded his arms as the woman walked into the bushes walking out of sight as the Shaman turned to Devon and spoke again “It’s done.” 
He stiffened further as they both turned their heads and looked directly at him in the eyes. The scene went black. Vincent woke up with a gasp jerking himself up in a sitting position. He sat up with night vision in his eyes as he stared at the curtains that were no longer glowing. Groaning he got up and went to the curtains pulling part of it back to stare out the window which showed night time outside. Sighing he let the curtain fall back and left his bedroom leaving the door open. Frowning he met Madrid and Milan on the way who followed him walking down the stairs to Champagne’s room. He could hear the dog barking and groaned softly as he and the twins entered Champagne’s room. Champagne he saw joyfully went up to him with tail wagging hard. He bent to give Champagne’s head a rub and then went to the door grabbing the leash off a table which he clipped on the dog’s collar. He went out the door to the front door of the house which he went out in the night while hearing the twins following him as Champagne pulled him to a tree. He stood as Champagne did his business then allowed the dog to pull him further into the forest. Vincent groaned as Champagne abruptly turned around yanking the leash out of his hand with his snout mouth and took off running. He followed Champagne letting the dog run in the forest by himself. He saw Champagne disappear in the bushes and heard the dog barking which he slowed walking through the bushes and froze seeing the female from his dream sitting in front of a tree with an annoyed look on her face. Vincent stared at her in the eyes whose eyes eerie met his and he felt a sharp pain in his chest as her face grimaced while putting her hand on her chest. He jerked falling to the ground kneeling as the pain got sharp and he groaned loudly as he saw the female lie down head on a raggedy backpack eyes closing. He gasped from the pain putting hands on his chest while feeling the twins’ hands on his shoulders as he felt a thudding vibration in his chest on the left side. He groaned with shock running through out him as he realized what the vibration was. 
He heard Madrid speak “Vincent, I’m hearing your heart beating which I think started the moment you laid eyes on her.” 
He lowered his hands gasping at Madrid’s words as he heard Milan speak “What are we going to do about her?”
Vincent gasped out “Get her in the house, have Champagne lure her in with the excuse of to taking care of him.”
He heard Madrid speak “Are you sure of this, Vincent?”
He spoke “I’m sure of this.” 
He paused then added “Champagne, come here.” 
He saw Champagne walk in his line of sight to sit on his haunches eyes staring at him.  Vincent closed his eyes and mentally spoke “Champagne, stay with her and guard her from harm. Wake her up when its daylight and bring her to the house. Allow her to go inside with you and help with your care.” 
He opened his eyes as he stared at Champagne who got up and went to the woman to sit on his stomach with head on her chest leash trailing from his collar. He groaned and got up from the ground shaking the twins’ hands off his shoulders. 
He heard Madrid speak “Vincent?”
Vincent spoke as an idea came to his mind “Champagne will lure her to the Manor but we have to do our part in getting her in the house. Come along with me, there’s things we have to do.” 
He sighed as he looked at the woman with a frown then walked away walking towards the house while hearing the twins following him. He entered the house to see the hallway which he turned right walking down it to the door which he opened showing room with furniture scattered around with doorways in it. He spied the desk in front of a heavy curtained window and went to it yanking open a drawer and pulled out a pad along with thumbtacks in a container and a pen. He exhaled a breath as he grabbed the pen with his left hand and closed his eyes then opened his eyes as he began writing words. 
Once done he tore out the paper and handed it to Madrid while speaking “Post this to the front door.”
He saw Madrid grab a thumbtack from the container and walk out of the room carrying the paper. He again closed his eyes then opened them as he wrote words on the pad and tore out the paper which he put besides the pad. He again wrote words then once done tore out the paper and grabbed two thumbtacks from the container and walked out of the room with Milan following him. He met Madrid in the hallway as he went to the door to Champagne’s room which he posted a note on it then went inside the dog’s room to the corner door which he tacked the second note on it then stepped back rubbing a hand on his head.
He spoke out loud “This will have to do. Now Champagne will do his part and she’ll have no excuse to not go inside.” 

Chapter Three
Vincent grimaced from the memory to continue speaking.

"Vincent went to the office to sit in the room as daylight arrives with ears trained to the front door listening. He hears it open and close which he goes to the door to stick his ear on and hears another door open and close sound then leaves to the hallway with ear on the door to Champagne’s room which he listens hearing noises along with another open and close door sound. He waits as he again hears the sound and a click sound of lamps turning off. He goes in the bedroom quietly to stare at Hannah then gently places a hand on her cheek while feeling urges to keep touching her who he resists then leaves the room to his bedroom which he sleeps getting nightmares of Devon’s death and her rejection. At night he gets up followed by twins walking through the dog’s room which he eyed Hannah with longing then mentally tells Champagne to wake her up and take her to the twins in the forest, he orders twins to bring her to him in a certain area where he’ll be waiting to give her his blood. Vincent waits near a river with impatience and sees twins guiding her to him which he seeing that she’s thirsty cuts his wrist with a fingernail and guides his blood in her mouth which she drinks but doesn’t turn into a vampire to his curiosity but rubs a finger on her cheek. Woman is pulled away by Champagne on his mental order which he goes to hunt with the twins and after feeding off the antlered deer goes into the house to stare at her lying asleep. He touches her face but she doesn’t stir and he goes to his bedroom to sleep. He wakes up at night time and goes to dog’s room to the woman which he tears off a strip of cloth off the couch wrapping it over the woman’s eyes and lifts her up carrying her into the forest which he senses her awake. Woman tells him her name is Hannah which he speaks the name along with sucking a small amount of her blood while discovering that she still doesn’t convert into a vampire which he dismisses. Hannah to his pleasure touches his face and his hair and he senses that she likes him. Hannah in his arms falls asleep which he carries back into the house laying her on the bed and leaves her to his bedroom and again Vincent has nightmares of the deaths of the Shaman and Devon that plague him. He wakes up at nighttime to silence from Champagne’s room which he darts in followed by twins to see that Hannah and dog are gone and runs outside to the forest panicking. He uses his mental telepathy to call the dog to him who comes and leads him to Hannah walking to meet them. He is quite angry kisses her and carries her to the house then gestures for her to go inside with the dog. Hannah goes inside which he lets out a howling like roar and then runs into the forest letting his instincts take control which he catches a male deer breaking its bones all over before sucking it dry. Then Vincent goes to the house once inside forces Hannah to lie on the bed which he sleeps next to her. He gets the same nightmares and wakes up howling some roaring cry which wakes Hannah up and insists to her with his gestures without talking that she is to stay in the room. He goes out hunting for a bear which he finds wandering near the house and spies Hannah on the steps as the bear makes some roaring sound. He mentally orders Champagne to take Hannah inside just in time for the bear he sees spots her going inside charges at her which he follows. Hannah to his relief gets inside with the dog as the bear whacks its head on the door and lumbers off which he catches drinking its blood till the bear goes unconscious then goes into the house furious which he gesture orders twins to take dog out of the room then forces himself onto Hannah mating with her then after that sleeps besides her. Nighttime arrives and he goes out for a hunt keeping the house in sight which he sees Madrid standing next to Hannah and hears him speaking to her words about Vincent’s name repeatedly before running away. Vincent tries to catch a bear that gets away and feels himself weak which he catches a deer and can’t kill it which he sucks on while its alive and then feels sick which he releases deer to throw up repeatedly. Vincent gets sick goes into the house after Hannah goes in with dog sleeps on the same bed as her and again gets nightmares of Devon’s death. He is comforted by her then sleeps then at night time goes out to hunt while feeling sicker tries to catch a deer who outruns him wasting his strength. Vincent gets too sick has no strength to get animals to get his blood. He falls to the ground lying there feeling himself having no strength to get up. Shaman and Devon both alive walk in his line of sight to his shock who get him to drink from the Shaman’s wrist which he feels himself better and falls unconscious.  Vincent wakes up in dog’s room to discover his strength is back along with his heart stopped beating and doesn’t feel the same intensity feelings of pleasure and cravings towards Hannah which he is a little rude to when she wakes up. He finds her an annoyance and decides thinking to use her for his mating use whenever he gets the urges. He tells her verbally to stay in Champagne’s room which he goes to his room and sleeps in his bed. Next night goes to dog’s room which he sees Hannah awake rudely orders her to attend to Champagne’s care while mentioning that he has to hunt animals for blood. He goes out hunting while Hannah is on the steps with Champagne outside, Vincent while hunting sees a deer without antlers on its head which he is hesitant to attack which he sees the deer standing around looking alert as a wobbly fawn come walking out of the bushes to the deer’s tummy appearing to be suckling from it. Vincent goes to the house and spots Devon and Shaman sitting on steps next to Hannah. He gets a little annoyed as twins grab his arms and haul him to the steps forcing him in kneeling in front of the Shaman who lectures him about there being female animals who have young that can’t survive without the mother till their a certain age and its not right to feed off the mother when her offspring have not reached the certain age. Vincent gets more annoyed as Shaman speaks that what he told him is a lesson he expects vampires to honor when their out hunting animals as their food source. Shaman adds calling Devon his daughter says he’s done and wants her to come along. Vincent is letting anger take control as Shaman and Devon leave which he storms into the house with Hannah, twins and dog following. He is in a bad mood orders Hannah to stay in dog’s room and he goes to his bedroom to meet Devon and Shaman there which he is furious towards to which he tries to attack. Shaman to his annoyance subdues him by grabbing his neck gagging him to a kneeling position and Devon places hands on his head speaking words in foreign language then they leave him closing the door behind him. Vincent allows anger to take control which he acts out a rage. Vincent notices Hannah in his room charges with fists ready to attack her but Hannah stands firm not backing down in fear which he senses halting his charge and struggles to calm down. Hannah hugs him who he feels fine having her touch him but the feelings isn’t the intensity feelings or cravings he felt with her before he got sick. Vincent allows Hannah to kiss him and then strip him of his top which he does the same to her which he leads her to the bed and they each strip their below waist clothes then mate with him on top of her. Mating and results is the same as their previous mating but the intensity feelings Vincent had before aren’t that heightened along with having no cravings. Vincent once done mating with Hannah pulls out and gets a blanket at the foot of the bed which he puts on both of them and falls asleep with her head and hand on his chest. Vincent during his sleep feels his hand lifted up and placed on Hannah’s whose hand is on his chest next to her head. He also feels a hand rub his forehead which reminds him of his mother but doesn’t wake up. He wakes up at night time with Hannah still asleep on him and he is feeling like he can accept her as he has accepted the twins serving him. Vincent gets up not disturbing Hannah and gets dressed then goes to the desk room to sit at the desk lost in thought. He has memory of himself as Adair after woman’s death which he thinks is a relative of his who died which he drank from her becoming a vampire. Adair in the memory is sitting at the same desk pulling out a letter from an envelope. The letter is written to him in cursive handwriting which he reads about the woman referring herself as Aunt having some medical procedure done on him when he was sick as a baby who seemed too manifested into him becoming a vampire that hadn’t turned yet due to him not drinking any other blood besides hers. The letter further explains the procedure was him as a baby drinking her blood which had healing properties in it that healed him from the sickness. The letter ends with the word Aunt Ashmere and he sees a picture fall out which he sees is a younger version of Aunt holding a baby in her arms while smiling. Vincent in the present day hears noises outside in the hallway goes out to see two figures male and female with black hair wearing black clothing with silver breast plates on their chest and with long black capes that bare fanged teeth at him. He bares fanged teeth at them in response and feels them with super speed grab his arms which he thrusts his arms up throwing them both into the walls of the hallway who groan loudly. Vincent leaves the house to see four figures identical to the vampires in the hallway but different facial features holding twins and Hannah with their hands behind their backs along with one holding Champagne’s leash. He feels himself grabbed from behind with arms going around him which he bents down grabbing the arms and throws the figure off of him who sails into the air in front of him landing onto the ground. One of the vampires a female speaks that his environment is not suitable for him and he should live a better life which they want to give him by taking him away from the house.  He walks down the steps and stands staring at the vampires as the door behind him opens and closed which he feels a blanket thrown over his head and hears the female speak again that it’s for his protection from the sun for the travel to some place will take them to mid day by walking. Vincent doesn’t protest as he is led into the forest blind while having a hand on Champagne’s leash and during the walk feels the heat of the sun shining while hearing snapping clanging sounds. He feels the heat stop as the ground feels different and the blanket is removed off of him as the leash is yanked from his hand and he hears the dog barking which gets fainter and fainter which he meets an elf for the first time and finds himself in a hospital. Elf explains to him that their kind is mind walkers and that they read people’s thoughts. Vincent is brought to a location to observe a vampire walking in the sun and is curious to see armor snap over the vampire protecting him from the sun. Elf explains that Vincent would need an operation to get the armor into him to protect him from the sun which he verbally agrees to the operation. Vincent brought to a room gets knocked out by oxygen mask wakes up wearing clothes identical to the vampires while feeling his back sore but manages to heal from the pain. Vincent tries on armor in the sun that snaps over him but reacts blindly to the sun light with his eyes hurting and him screaming from the pain. Elf gets him out of the sun and exams his eyes which he is given a drug to sleep the pain off and then wakes up with a hooded mask covering his head which he feels with his hands. Vincent is told by elves of the vampires having a civil war due to them not picking a leader which elves tell him they want him to take control to give him purpose to live and have something to do. They take him to a location where there are vampires fighting in the forest which he uses his physical strength to defeated the vampires who are hesitant to have him as their leader. The sun goes down and vampires’ armors snap open which they see him wearing a mask and then they submit to him as their leader. He in vampire cave meeting spot meets Hannah again who appears to have another vampire as her mate which he is fine about seeing her having a baby held in her arms which he gives her son the name Adair. He meets twins again who have elves as their mates when they present their baby children to him for him to name.  He meets Human male who has an Elf named Miranda as mate which he gives male a job of digging out vampires that are trapped in a cave due to a cave in that wound up killing male. Miranda, the human male’s mate tells him she’s expecting and makes him oath that he’ll keep an eye on her child if it’s a vampire. He keeps his oath when child is born a vampire male who he names Jones after the father and keeps tabs on the child who grows up. He meets plant person in his cave quarters that knock him out and he wakes up feeling like he’s being used as a punching bag while wearing his armor in a standing position which he sees the puncher is Jones. He gestures to Jones’ mother to take Jones away after she mentions the vampires having a fight again for leadership. Vincent takes control as leader again using his physical strength to defeat them and orders them to take down plant people who are found babbling secrets before being destroyed. Elf arrives and explains werewolves’ leadership problems which Vincent agrees to keep an eye on the werewolves to help elves control them. He meets Jones again explains in his mother’s presence Jones’ parentage as in Human father who died doing a job before Jones was born. Elves arrive and tell the vampires that they have a castle set up for the vampires to use as their strong hold which Vincent agrees to use. He meets Morgan’s father who he learns has a Human daughter orders him to bring her to him which he orders her to go to public school after learning that she’s home schooled. Vincent gets sick with chest pains orders an elf medic to come to exam him which he admits his previous life as a Human to the elf mentally while in his quarters in the castle. Elf explains to him that he has to give Vincent a shot of a syringe to make him sleep off the sickness. He is given the shot and lies on bed falling unconscious. He wakes up with mask off his face and door to room open with a vampire standing staring at him with a frown on his face. He is told that the vampires wanted to know what he looked like underneath his mask and have all voted to agree to have him as their leader as long as he lives. Vincent agrees to this, vampire leaves closing the door as he gets up to a wing back chair to sit staring at the thick brick wall. He hears a knock on the door and speaks the command to enter which vampire arrives carrying a cup which he hands to him. Vincent drinks the contents he recognizes as blood fast then licks the inside of the rim his healing stuff then tossing it to the vampire who leaves. He orders vampire to leave door partly open. Vincent recalls himself as a Human child ordering a maid to pick up his toys while in his bedroom. Maid to his annoyance in the memory refuses which he goes into a rage attacking her which he is suddenly restrained by his Aunt appearing from nowhere who orders maid to leave room closing the door. Maid leaves which Aunt yanks him to the bed pushing his front onto it which he is spanked repeatedly. Aunt tells him that the servants have been ordered to not touch his toys an order she expects obeyed." 

He heard nothing from Sora in response to his language uses when telling the story instead kept on talking.

Chapter Four
"Vincent thinks about wanting to lead people through his orders and realizes that was the reason he converted the twins into vampires. Vincent hears whispering from out the hallway listens with his super powerful hearing what their saying which he hears them talk about retaliating against the werewolves for what they did to one of their own which was locking the vampire in a gas sewer with his mate and their hoping that the leader who they refer as the One will agree to this. He frowns to himself thinking that he won’t order that as there is a door knock sound heard. He orders the visitor to come in and sees three vampires who look at each other then at him which one speaks about retaliating against the werewolves for what was done to one of their kind. Vincent frowns as another vampire requests that they should do this as punishment to the werewolves. He asks question if they have identified the werewolf party responsible for the wrong committed which vampires say no. He speaks he prefers the retaliation to happen to the werewolf party that committed the crime than on other werewolves who haven’t done it. He adds that the punishment happening to the werewolf party will be a message to the other werewolves that their actions aren’t tolerable towards their kind. Vampires leave while speaking their understanding which he sits staring at the partly open door as memories of his Human life flash in his mind’s eye. He sees himself as a barely a teenager eating food with silverware and accidentally cutting his finger with a knife which bleeds and he is staring at it with fascination as his Aunt grabs his hand covering the finger with a napkin cloth and yanks him from the room where he is brought to his bedroom and a doctor there attends to his finger. He recalls given a drink from a glass cup which was dark red and drinking it all up fast which he realizes was blood. Vincent thinking to himself that the letter his Aunt wrote to him wasn’t a lie but the truth which he had trouble believing since he first read it. He puts on mask and leaves his room to hear the bell sound ringing and enters the throne room to see vampires kneeling with heads touching the ground and spots an elf doing the same in the back of the room. He gets in throne chair orders the group up which they sit up still in their kneeling positions and he speaks that he scents a new vampire and meets Morgan again after learning that she has been converted into a vampire by her mate Jones he’s told. He orders Morgan and Jones to mate in one of the rooms.  He smells a non vampire in the room which the elf he spots stands up and speaks of a meeting between leaders Vampire, werewolf and elf as requested by the werewolves which he is to bring the vampire leader to the meeting spot in a forest. Vincent hears no protests from the vampires orders the elf to bring him which he gets up following elf out of the room to out of the castle to a vehicle sitting in a cave which he boards with the elf driving it. He is brought to a clearing and then the elf flies away and he stands patiently waiting as the elves’ leader walks in view with the werewolf leader who seems nervous from his smell. He senses werewolves in the vicinity and finds the meeting turns out to be a trap by the werewolves capturing him and the elves’ leader but killing the werewolves’ leader who before death tried to protest the trap. He and elf is hauled to the Vampires’ former stronghold cave where he is push to a sitting position and sits as two werewolves stare at him. He sees that their male and female with the male appearing to be older and sees that they have his face which he is confused about till the elf asks him a question of sucking on any female humans which he remembers himself vampire still wearing his Adair clothes sitting in his office room in the dark which the door opens and a female human walks in which he using super speed feeds off of and then rapes her when he gets the urges to do that. He carries her out of the house further into the forest to the edges of the forest near a run down house and then uses super speed to get himself back into his house before the sun rises. Vincent gets another memory of the same female coming into his office room which he is wearing his Vincent clothes and sees she has a small child with werewolf eyes and he feeds off the female then rapes her again. 
He takes her and child to the edges of the forests near a street with cars going by and waits till there’s a break in traffic to put her in the street with the child he calls “Italy.”
Vincent telling him to stay with her then leaves. He discovers it is getting sunny faster than he can walk so he finds a run down house and goes inside to sit in the dark basement falling asleep. Vincent recalls its the house was where Madrid and Milan lived before he changed them into vampires after a few nights of watching them. He frowns as he hears a howling sound along with faint clanging noises which he recognizes as vampires’ armor clanging over them and sees the werewolves act panicky as they dart out of the cave except the two with his face which he uses super speed gets up and grabs them by the neck. The male struggles but he calls him Italy tells him not to move which the male stops as vampires arrive into the cave which he speaks a question to Italy why the vampires shouldn’t harm him and his sister which the male speaks that he convinced the werewolves to keep Vincent alive and his sister convinced them to leave his headgear alone. Vincent frees the two calling Italy, Pack Leader and comment on expecting that werewolves are his responsibly as pack leader and walks away out of the cave with the vampires following him along with the elves’ leader. He asks elf about Italy’s mother who tells him of a location along with the fact that she is in a coma preserved till she wakes. He goes to the location a hospital and is brought to a room where she is lying in a glass box and stares at her with a frown on his face. He yanks off mask and hears Italy’s voice behind him speaking about her never waking up from the coma to see Vivian his sister born. Vincent folds his arms with hand still holding his mask as he stares at Italy who has a glare on his face and Vivian has a frown on her face. Italy to Vincent’s shock punches him on the face which he feels raging anger arrive and is knocked out by dart in his arm which he has memories of a birthday party in the house when his Aunt was alive himself as Adair. He recalls sitting at a table with other people his age sitting around the table as a male walks in the room carrying a birthday cake which he sets in front of himself then abruptly thrusts it into his face who is humiliated by the others laughing. Aunt takes him away to a bathroom to wash off the cake off his face which he is angry about the humiliation. Aunt talks words he doesn’t register but the tone calms him down. He’s in a large ballroom with people there dancing waltzes which he goes up to a female asking her to dance but she to his annoyance refuses him by laughing in his face. He gets angry which his Aunt comes from nowhere whispers in his ear to go out in the garden and sit on a bench which he does underneath a tree in the candle light. He sees the male who thrust cake in his face walk by with the female who refused him which he trails them then once they stop he goes to the male and punches him on the face which male retaliates by punching him which he has no defenses against. He is hauled to a fountain and tossed into the pool and hears the male call him a spoiled brat while hearing the female laugh before they walk away. The water keeps him awake which he gets out of the pool angrily thinking to himself about killing the male and the female for the humiliation done to him. He walks into the garden with anger raging in him till he hears a laughing sound and recognizes the male’s voice along with the female which he follows till he reaches them standing underneath a tree highlighted by a candle light. He sees them kissing sneaks up behind the male and grabs his head twisting it snapping the male’s neck killing him and before the female reacts to that he does the same to her then walks away feeling satisfaction going into the house to stand with his Aunt watching people dance. He keeps his mouth shut about the killing as the music stops and screams are heard which a female runs into the room shouting that she found people lying on the ground with their necks at odd angle and their dead. His Aunt gives off orders to servants to attend the dead and then grabs his arm yanking him from the room which he allows. He keeps his mouth shut as she takes him to his room and closes the door locking them both in the room which she speaks that he killed those two and should know that there’ll be consequences for that killing. Adair speaks that he doesn’t care for they deserve to be killed for what they did to him humiliating him in his own home which he finds intolerable. Aunt slaps him on the face which he gets angry grabs her throat by the hand and tries to choke her whom she gags out words in a foreign language which he gets a headache and releases her and then falls to the floor in kneeling position as headache leaves him. He hears Aunt speak words about him not able to harm her for his father created him for that then she speaking in a compelling voice tone orders him to go to his bed to lie down and go to sleep which he does. Vincent awakes in his room in the castle with door to his room closed. He sits up shaking his head while feeling the mask still on his head which he gets up and spies a door in the wall which he goes to opening it. He sees a bathroom complete with a sink with a mirror, a tub and a shower stall which he goes to the sink to lean against while staring at the mirror that isn’t showing his reflection. He recalls the painting of himself as Adair with a dog and posing for it and remembers his Aunt showing him the picture and speaking that it was him and what he looked like which he seemed fine with. He in present day leaves bathroom to wing chair to sit staring at the wall which he removes the mask and stares at the wall again. He remembers himself as Adair taking his dead Aunt’s body wrapped in a blanket to the garden during night time and burying her body in the ground besides his dog’s grave marked by a rose bush.  He hears a knock on the door that breaks his remembering speaks command to enter. He is frowning as Italy and Vivian enter the room which Italy speaks that their mother has passed away. He feels chest pains arrive within him orders his children to leave which they do and he goes to the bed to lie on it while gasping of pain as the chest pain gets worse which he hears a knock on the door and screams out a cry of pain which door crashes open showing a Vampire and an Elf carrying a large bag. He gasps of pain thinking of feeling pain in his chest that is hurting him as the chest pain gets worse and feels the elf’s wrist on his mouth while hearing the elf ordering him to drink which he does biting and drinking his fill then once done lick the wound close to close his eyes as wooziness arrives while putting a hand on his forehead. He feels his chest pain go away but keeps hand on his forehead. He hears Elf speak that the Vampires’ leader is suffering from his heart trying to start hence his chest pains a medical condition common among Vampires. He hears the Elf say that he has to give the Vampires’ Leader a shot from a syringe for him to sleep it off which will heal him and he feels a prick of pain in his wrist on his other hand. He lowers the hand touching his forehead to his chest as he allows the sleepiness to overtake him and he passes out. Vincent wakes up wearing the mask hood covering his face and finds himself better which he gets up goes to the door to open it partly and goes to the wing back chair to sit eyes staring at the wall. He hears a knock on the door which he speaks the command to enter and sees two vampires come in. He asks them to humor him as where he came from. One of the Vampires speak that he was seen coming from the Attala a large forest land walking with three other vampires all having blankets covering themselves while guided by a dog who led them to the hospital. Vincent frowns hearing this as the other vampire speaks that the dog was seen running into the forest and disappearing from eyes sight. Vincent asks about the forest which the Vampires say it’s called Attala and is a large tract of treed forest land that is said to be guarded by powerful spirits said to be of the dead who appear to be real people to the touch who keep people from exploring the forest with tactics such as the tactics as appearing to be a dead family member who tells them to leave the forest for their life depends on it along with using animal and ghost forms to scare people off. Vincent frowns hearing this as the Vampires stop talking and ask him if he wants anything which he feels hungry requests something to drink which a Vampire say they’ll get it for him. Vampires leave leaving the door partly open and Vincent gets lost in his thoughts thinking of what the Vampires told him as he closes his eyes and dreams himself walking in a forest that is familiar he recognizes as the forest where the Ashmere Manor is. He spies the house in the distance walks towards it till it looms in view and froze staring at it with shock. He sees the house isn’t looking new or well built but run down with crumbling bricked walls and paint peeling from the closed over the windows shutters and spies on the ground in front of the house glass littering it. He stares at the house with shock as he sees the vampires all six of them that led him and three others from the house walk in his line of sight all staring at him as they separate in two lines and he sees his Aunt looking young walking towards him between the lines. He stares at her as she speaks that she sent the six Vampires to take him and his people out of the house to live elsewhere for she didn’t want him to stay at the house isolated by the forest and have him be miserable for she wanted him to be happy. Vincent frowns staring at her as he hears a dog barking sees Champagne walk in his line of sight to stand next to his Aunt who continues speaking that she was aware of him wanting to be a leader to lead people and put her plan to get him out of the house in motion the moment he brought home the twins she saw he was ordering around like they were servants to him. He frown hearing that as she continues speaking that one of the Vampires here told her about the Vampires having a civil war and needing a leader which she told them her plan and they agreed to do it getting him out of the house towards civilization so he could get the leadership position getting what he wanted a goal he had displayed since he was old enough to walk and talk when he was very young. Vincent gulps at the Aunt’s words who continues talking that he has displayed a leadership attitude from very young age and has made no secret of wanting to be a leader of people judging by her observing him ordering the servants around and easily controlling the dogs he had as pets over the time he grew up to adult hood. Vincent stares at his Aunt who adds that the Elves with their mind walking won’t be able to scan his mind unless he is mentally talking to them so they won’t know of her conversation with him in his mind which she adds won’t be the last time she’ll talk to him. Scene goes black and he wakes up to hear a door knocking sound and he speaks the command to enter to see the two vampires are back one holding a clear long sized thick jug filled with red liquid which he recognizes as blood and sees that the other has a cup in his hand which he licks his lips as he smells the blood as the vampire holding the jug pours it in the cup the other vampire is holding and he is handed the cup which he gulps down to feel himself still hungry. He holds up the cup as the other Vampire pours the blood in it from the jug which he drinks taking his time and feels himself no longer hungry licks the inside of the cup his healing stuff which he sees is white goo then hands the cup to one of the vampires who takes the cup and jug and leaves the room. He eyes the other vampire who remarks about the Vampires’ Leader making an appearance in the throne room for a naming ceremony to name vampires’ new born babies which can happen any time but adds that the Vampires are impatient for their babies to have names. He feels himself better puts mask on and comments as he stands up a question about doing it now which he adds that he’s feeling fine and won’t keep the Vampires waiting. He hears a comment from the vampire saying its as he wish which he leaves his room followed by the vampire to hear a loud bell sound ringing very loudly which he feels annoyance about for he realizes it tells the vampires to meet in the throne room and whenever he leaves his room. Vincent goes to throne room to see mostly vampires with some elves and werewolves are kneeling on the ground heads nearly touching the ground as he goes to sit on the throne chair. He hisses the command for up to see the Vampires next to the elves and werewolves tap them on the arms as the vampires sit up to kneeling position. He spots Morgan holding a wrapped bundle in her arms with Jones kneeling next to her as he sees that the vampires with elves and werewolves next to them have moving wrapped bundles in their arms. He remembers the naming ceremony protocols he gave when Jones was a baby orders the couples holding babies to come forward. Morgan and Jones he sees are first in line who hiss that they have a girl.
He hears the name “Jerusha.” 
It's sounding like a female voice spoken in his mind which he speaks it then gives the other couples different names for their babies who the vampire part of the couple hiss to him the baby’s gender before he names them. Once done he walks out of the throne room feels like he needs some air goes to a hallway with a covered windowed balcony porch at the end goes to the porch and opens a window to lean against the screen with arms folded feeling the windy air from the cloudy like sky looking like rain blowing at him. The air is feeling cold but the cold doesn’t bother him which he shuts his eyes and sees in his mind’s eye a memory of himself as Adair at a young age.
He hearing a female servant speak the words “Miss Jerusha.” 
It's while himself standing in the hallway leading to the kitchen which he hears his Aunt in the kitchen scold the servant for calling her by her name and requests that the servants and servant call her by the name of Aunt and not mention her name to Adair for she doesn’t want him to get ideas of thinking up nicknames for the name of Jerusha which she’ll never hear the end of it-"

Vincent cut himself off hearing Sora's familiar vibration to glare at her as she sang "Tell me more of this Adair, Vincent himself went around as first."
He obeyed to speak.

Chapter Five
"Adair before turning into a vampire seeing his Aunt lying in bed who is coughing and sounding sick by her rasping breathing sounds. He is sitting next to the bed in a chair holding her hand while staring at her neck which he is struggling to keep himself from licking his lips. His senses smell blood coming from her that is making his mouth water which he is struggling to keep himself from gasping out loud of pleasure from the smell. His Aunt stares at him with a probing stare as he notices her stare looks away to stare at the painting of himself which he focuses his eyes on. He feels her release his hand and abruptly grabs his wrist in a tight ironclad grip which he forces himself to look at her who has a glaring look in her eyes. He speaks a question of what he can do for her to ease her suffering which she interrupts to speak in a rude tone to go feed on someone else which he is a bit confused on her remark which she adds to go find her a servant and bring them here. He finds his wrist freed gets up walking out of the room to hear sounds of multiple coughing and rasping breathing throughout the house from people. He frowns as he goes to his dog’s former room to find a female servant lying on a bed coughing with raspy breathing and he smells blood coming from her whom he resists the compulsion to bite her and suck. He speaks that Aunt has requested a servant to come to her which the servant gets up slowly from the bed and follows him to the Aunt’s room. He stands staring at the Aunt who speaks in a groaning tone asking about the servants’ welfare which the servant bursts in coughing spasms then speaks that they all have the sickness and their too weak to leave the house for medical help due to some feeling that is making them really woozy when they walk. The servant adds that Adair should leave the house to get medical help for he seems unaffected which the Aunt to his confusion cuts off harshly speaking that Adair isn’t leaving the house and she has refused to consider that idea due to his sensitivity to the sun that’ll make him sick and not knowing where to go find help once he leaves the house. Adair frowns as the servant is dismissed by the Aunt and he hears her speak that once she’s dead he is to cut her wrist with the knife in her dresser drawer and drink from her. Adair feels shock from that and is feeling horrified as the Aunt orders him to get the knife from the dresser which he numbly gets to hold in his hand then stands struggling to keep horror appearing on his face as he hears the Aunt gagging loudly with her eyes staring at him and he hears her breathing cut off followed by her form becoming still-"

Vincent was interrupted "Enough of that language uses! Tell the story in a better language now!"
He groaned hearing Sora's singing speaking her words which he obeyed to speak.

"Vincent recalled to himself as Adair closing his Aunt’s eyes, cutting her wrist with a knife and sucking her blood till there’s no more and running outside in a rain storm while feeling himself turn into a vampire. He frowned as a memory came to his mind’s eye. In it he was Adair standing outside as night fell standing at a freshly covered grave and slowly walked into the house to hear with super hearing coughing sounds and raspy breathing followed by smells of blood that excited him. Vincent in the present day groaned softly as he recalled himself preying on the sick servants sucking their blood till they each died from that while controlled by the smell of blood that was making him want to feed endlessly. He groaned even further when he remembered the memory of Italy and Vivian’s nameless mother entering the house going to his office where he was as Adair which he still controlled by the urges to feed fed off her and what happened next which he frowned eyes staring at the endless moving ocean water down below him. He remembers finding the Aunt’s letter and its contents on her desk which he read not believing the contents but realizes what he is. Vincent heard the rain falling hard as he again closed his eyes as he recalled to himself, himself as Adair taking each of the dead servants’ bodies and burying them in the garden which was followed by himself going to his Aunt’s room and covering the furniture with blankets from the dressers. He remembered himself going to his bedroom covering windows with curtains while on his way there which once in his room he stripped himself of his suit and dressy shoes while undoing his hair folding them onto his bed. He went to a dresser and pulled open the bottom drawer to show clothes and shoes he wore as Vincent whom he put on his form and grabbed his suit and dressy shoes taking them out of his room. He went out the front door to a large tree and dropped the items in his hands. He kneeled and with his hands dug a hole which he grabbed the suit and shoes and placed them into the hole then covered the hole to stand up as the clouds broke apart showing the moon despite having night vision with everything appearing clear in the color green. He stared at where his clothes were buried while feeling tension leave him as he gasped of feeling relief then he went back into the house walking to his Aunt’s room. He stood staring at the covered furniture and went to one of them pulling off the blanket which showed a mirror attached to it not showing his reflection. He pulled open and closed several drawers, eyes searching which he found what he desired yanking out the jeweled barrette as he stared at it in his hand. He placed the barrette on the dresser top and gathered part of his hair pulling it back which he placed the barrette in his hair and shut his eyes slowly lowering his hands as he smiled a fanged teeth smile. He opened his eyes the grabbed the blanket covering the mirrored dresser and walked out of the room to outside to his Aunt’s grave which he stood staring with his eyes. 
He spoke out loud with anger in his voice “Adair is no more. I’ll call myself Vincent. I’m free of you and your rules for I’ll do what I want and you can’t stop me.” 
He glared at the grave then walked inside the house slamming the doors and yanked the curtains back covering the doors and with super speed walked to the front door passing rooms to stand on the steps eyes staring at the forest as a feeling of fear hit him. He widen his eyes and then walked back into the house to the office to sit at the desk eyes staring at the fireplace till sleepiness arrived which he shut his eyes putting his head on the desk with his arms cradling it and closed his eyes." 

Vincent paused to grimace while rubbing a hand on his stomach while still clad in Fishla's uniform of a Leader complete with the broad of one on his form. 
He didn't comment a response towards Sora's speaking "And what happened next hmm?"
He spoke in response feeling the armor implant clang over him as the sunlight dimly shined onto him via the window.

"Vincent lying in bed in his bedroom in the Ashmere Manor House curled in a ball with pain in his face while groaning loudly. He stiffened remembering the hunger pains gnawing at him as he lay in the bed while struggling to sleep it off. Vincent in the memory abruptly got up from the bed and ran downstairs out the front door of the house to run into the forest nose smelling and probing which his senses sensed a life form while hearing its heart beating which he drawn to the beating heart stalked the life form. He reached a river and saw a large bear the source of the beating heart sitting at the bank back to him which something snapped in him and he charged at the bear with teeth bared. He landed on the bear’s back arms wrapped around its neck in a choke hold and he brought his teeth into the bear’s fur biting with fury at the furry skin till he broke the skin and tasted blood which he drank sucking it down into him. He sucked while feeling the bear struggle in his arms but he kept on drinking as the blood urged him to keep on taking. He drank sucking even when the bear stopped its struggling and went still but he kept on drinking as the hunger pains went away and the bear’s heart stopped beating as he sense it gave up its life. He drank till there was no more blood to be sucked from the bear and with some instinct like feeling licked the bite wound closed with his tongue then released his hold on it to move himself off of it to stand eyes staring at the animal while wiping his mouth with a hand then he slowly walked away walking towards the house guided by the front door lights it gave off and went inside."

Chapter Six
A vibration was felt Vincent shook his head from his memories which he felt followed singing sound in an angry voice tone. 
He groaned softly to recall the noise was Sora's way "Speak the story and stop daydreaming in your mind!"
He straightened up his form from leaning against the window to look behind him at Sora giving him an all white eyed glare in response as she quit the vibration. He didn't comment a response towards her instead kept on speaking the story of Vincent. Vincent grimaced from talking about the memory of meeting Miranda an elf he loved but couldn't have. He continued on talking the story as his armor implant quit covering him. 

"Vincent saw the elf Miranda, Jones’ mother standing eyes staring at him with a frown look on her face. 
He stared at her back and spoke out loud talking to her “Something I can do for you Miranda?”
Miranda he noticed seemed angry as she spoke with annoyance in her tone “I’m disappointed, Vampire Leader.” 
He turned and faced her as she continued “You should have ordered my son and his mate to finish school instead of having them mate which because of their daughter they won’t bother to finish school. I’m disappointed in you and your order.” 
He spoke “They would have mated anyway with or without my order.”
He frowned as Miranda’s face formed anger as she spoke with an angry tone “You’re an idiot, Vampire Leader.” 
He opened his mouth to speak and groaned softly as Miranda turned and walked away going down the hallway. He shook his head putting a hand on his covered forehead as he stared at her retreating back. 
He turned around to face the windows lowering his hand and thought to himself “Women are strange and not understandable, harrumph.” 
He stared at the sky that showed the moon shining as the maelstrom outside ceased its actions. He felt tiredness shook his head and turned walking into the hallway. He took several hallways and stairwells till he reached his room and found the door ajar. 
He grumbled to himself “Can’t the vampires stop peeking in my room when their trying to find me?”
He pushed open the door and found the fireplace ablaze of fire in it and frowned when he saw Miranda sitting in his wing back chair with a frown on her face. He walked into the room as he saw Miranda’s eyes shift towards him. 
He stared at her as she spoke “Close the door, Vampire Leader I want to talk to you privately.” 
He obeyed and shut the door behind him as he stared at Miranda who he heard gave off a sigh sound before getting up from the chair. 
He folded his arms eyes staring at her as she spoke “Your mind, I don’t know what the contents are despite hearing some of your thoughts like your comment on women.” 
He clenched his hands slowly in fists as he stared at Miranda with annoyance running through him. 
Miranda continued speaking “Jones tells me that you named his daughter, Jerusha. What an interesting name.” 
He felt annoyance start to rile him as he spoke “Explain your purpose in my room, Miranda and get to the point with your talk.” 
Miranda spoke “I’ll explain once I see your face, Vampire Leader.” 
He bared his teeth despite his head covered and spoke “No, I won’t do that.” 
Miranda spoke “Jones, my son’s father before he took the job digging out those vampires due to a cave in told me that your voice sounded familiar like he knew you from someplace.”
He closed his mouth covering his teeth as Miranda paused and continued “From scanning his mind when he told me this showed that he was thinking of an adult male Human with a Human woman identified as Miss Jerusha by her servants and identified as the male Human’s Aunt who he met as a youngling with his father at Jerusha’s house when they were sent there to bring a male puppy for nephew to keep.” 
He grimaced hearing Miranda’s words as she kept talking “Jones recalls the Aunt, Jerusha called the male, her nephew, Adair who he heard said to name the puppy Champagne which the Aunt told him to think of another name for she’s sick of having him call the dogs Champagne.”
Vincent stiffened as she kept speaking “The nephew, Adair said he didn’t know of any other name besides Champagne which the Aunt asked Jones’ father’s name who told him it was Vincent which the nephew named his puppy that.”
He lowered his eyes to stare at the floor as a memory came to his mind. He was Adair in the office in the Ashmere Manor House sitting in a chair facing the desk where his Aunt was sitting writing with a pen on a piece of paper. He was rocking his form back and forth with hands fisted on his forehead. 
He was mumbling out loud repeating his words over and over “I got to lead, I have to lead.” 
He heard the sound of a doorbell ringing in the house which shook him from his trance which he lowered his hands to stare at his Aunt who kept writing. He heard a door open on his left looked to see a female servant walking into the room followed by a male adult wearing raggedy clothing and a young boy his waist height following her into the room. Adair heard a small bark reverted his eyes towards a furry bundle held in the adult male’s hands which he recognized was a puppy. 
He stood up as his Aunt spoke “The puppy is yours, Adair.”   
Adair walked towards the male who met him handing him the puppy which he cradled in his arms eyes staring at it he saw was a male. 
He spoke “Champagne.”
He heard a sound of disgust behind him from his Aunt who spoke “Nephew, think of another name for I’m sick of you calling the dogs, Champagne.”
He spoke as he stared at her with a frown “I don’t know of any other name.” 
His Aunt spoke “You there, what’s your name sir?”
He heard the male who gave him the puppy spoke “The names Vincent, ma’am.” 
Caspian stared at the puppy and spoke “I name you Vincent.” 
He heard his Aunt speak “There that settles it the puppy will be named Vincent.” 
Vincent felt a hand on his arm breaking him of his thinking of the dog named Vincent as he blinked his eyes to see Miranda inches away from him with eyes staring unblinking at him. The memory echoed in his mind as he looked at her.
He felt an uncomfortable feeling of tension from her stare as she spoke “You feel and seem tensed up, why?”
He spoke “Your talk brought a memory I forgotten.” 
He unfolded his arms grabbing her hand off his arm and stiffened when she gasped loudly with a shocked expression on her face. He released his hold of her hand and felt tenser as her hand grabbed his in an ironclad grip followed by her shocked expression changed to a frowning look. 
He spoke “Release my hand, Miranda.”  
Miranda to his annoyance spoke “You’re Adair I can see what Jones recalled in his mind playing in your mind.”
He jerked his hand out of her grip to grab her neck with a hand as he spoke with anger in his voice “That part of my life as Adair is dead and I aim to keep it that way. Don’t ever bring that up to me again in my presence.” 
He released his hold on her neck as she stared at him with a frown and he grabbed her arm hauling her to the door which he opened with another hand pushed her out slamming the door behind her.  He yanked off the mask and threw it onto the bed as he felt anger take control of him and he roared an angry sound. He fisted his hands narrowing his eyes as he waved the hands while letting rage take control. He snarled angry sounds then stormed to a wall and angrily brought his fisted right hand into it. The brick wall formed cracks around his fisted hand on the wall from his punch. He removed his hand and leaned his form onto the wall while gnashing his teeth as another memory played in his mind. In it he was Adair kneeling in the Ashmere Manor House’s garden eyes staring at a freshly dug grave with sadness running through him as the sunlight was low in the sky. 
He moaned out loud “Vincent.”
He brought his hands to his forehead to rock his form back and forth while wailing sad sounds then cut off his wailing to stare at the grave. 
He heard his Aunt’s voice behind him speaking “I’m sorry Adair.”
He felt anger arrive growled some angry sound as he slowly got up and walked towards his Aunt standing behind him meters away. 
He formed anger on his face as he advanced towards his Aunt who spoke “Don’t worry I’ll see if I can find another to take his place.” 
He stormed towards her as she formed a frown look on her face which he angrily grabbed her arms and brought his mouth to the side of her bare neck biting hard. He heard her speaking in a foreign language which he ignored by continuing to bite his teeth chewing her neck scraping at the skin till he tasted blood and licked it with his tongue licking till there was no more flowing. He felt himself relaxing and removed his face from his Aunt’s neck to straighten up releasing his hold on her arms as she stared at him with an unreadable look on her face. 
He spoke “I don’t want another dog but Vincent.” 
He walked away from his Aunt and froze as he heard her give out a burst of coughing sounds which he spun around to stare at her who had pain in her face. 
His Aunt spoke “Drat, I thought I avoided the sickness plaguing the servants. Argh appears I got it.” 
He stared at his Aunt with confusion who fell to her knees groaning loudly which he went to her lifting her up to carry her into the house to her room where he laid her on the bed pulling a blanket up to her chest. He went to a chair as she continued coughing spasms grabbing it to put next to the bed and grabbed her hand which he gripped eyes staring at her." 

He again got the familiar vibration as he paused seemingly lengthy. He wound up to continue on speaking the story forcing himself to ignore Sora's angry singing noises he knew what she meant by them.

"Vincent heard the sound of a fist banging on his bedroom door break him of the memory which he recalled smelling blood from his Aunt who told him not to feed off her and get a servant who was sick which he did followed by the servant leaving and him getting a knife by his Aunt’s orders and her death from the sickness. He frowned hearing the fist knocking become rapid as if someone was impatient and with a growl of feeling his anger simmering when to the bed grabbing his hooded mask pulling it over his head and went to the door opening it with annoyance running through him. He snarled loudly as he saw Miranda standing next to a male elf that had his fist rose indicating him as the door knocker. 
He snarled in an angry tone “What do you want now?”
The male elf he saw lowered his fist and spoke “Adair.” 
He growled out “Miranda, I told you Adair is dead. Don’t bring that subject up again in my presence-“
The male elf interrupted speaking “The Vampires know who you are from looking at you without your mask hence they agreeing to have you be their leader.” 
He felt his anger rising as he spoke “So what? Get out of my sight.” 
He stepped back and slammed the door closed then walked towards the covered with metal glass window as he heard a fist pounding on his door again. He fell to his knees putting hands on his forehead as another memory came to his mind’s eye. In it he was a young boy walking out down the hallway towards his Aunt’s office to see the door ajar. He heard his Aunt’s angry voice speaking “No I won’t agree to this, Samson.” 
He heard a male voice “Miss Attala, I must insist that you raise your son with civilization and not in isolation.” 
He frowned hearing his Aunt speak “I refuse that for you don’t know what Adair is going to be like around other children who are Human unlike him being born a vampire with Human traits.” 
He tiptoed towards the door to peer in the room to see his Aunt pacing as he saw a male facing the door who was wearing a suit with a tie and had a hat in his hands. 
He saw the male had short black hair who was staring at his Aunt while speaking “Miss Attala, your son is the first and must be put under observation for possible others to come from him.” 
His Aunt stopped her pacing to stare at the male before she spoke “I’m afraid I’m going to have to refuse your request and have Adair be raised the way I see fit. I don’t trust his vampire side to come out attacking people without me around to control him.”
He stared at the male who brought took out a handkerchief from his pocket and wiped his nose which he smelling blood felt the blood calling him to come drink that he darted into the room snarling like a wild animal. His Aunt seeing him darted in a fast motion grabbing his arms putting them behind his back with a hand and grabbed his long hair with another hand to speak words in foreign language to him in his ear which he rolled his eyes becoming relaxed in her arms then felt himself let go. He walked out of the room in a trance and went to the dog’s room to lie on the bed shutting his eyes. Vincent heard the sound of a door crashing open behind him and he shut his eyes grimacing as it dawned on him that his Aunt wasn’t really his Aunt but his mother. He felt hands grab his mask yanking it off his head and felt a hand touching his face tracing the scar then the hand left him. 
He heard a female voice he recognized as Miranda speaking “It’s him, Adair.” 
He heard a male voice speak belonging to the male elf “You weren’t kidding when you told us about him being the legend, the first vampire.” 
He heard another male voice with a vampire tone speak “We recognized him from the descriptions of the legend passed down from vampire to vampire who said that he was the first born vampire and first of all of the races to be born from the original race referred as Jerusha who created us all.”
Vincent stiffened hearing the talk as he felt a palm touch his cheek which brought feelings of pleasure to him. He pushed his face into the palm that felt warm to the touch as he felt another palm touch his other cheek. 
He heard the male elf speak “I think you should explain the legend’s story to me with the others.” 
He heard the vampire speak his agreement followed by a door closing sound as he felt the palms stay on his face that felt pleasant to the touch. He felt the hands’ thumbs gently rubbing as lips touched his lips kissing him which he moved his lips in response. He brought up his hands to meet a female’s chest feeling her breasts through the material of her clothing which he kneaded as he stood up. He lowered his hands to feel her waist and felt a belt which he unstrapped off her tossing it aside and felt the clothes she was wearing was a robe which he took off her form to feel more clothing covering her. His hands went back to her breasts to knead as he continued kissing her which to his regret felt her break off. He opened his eyes to stare at Miranda without her robe on wearing a tight to her skin flannel top and pants as she removed her hands from his cheeks. He kept a neutral expression on his face as she slid her hands down to the hem of his waist length long sleeve top with cape attached to it in the back and felt her hands go underneath the top touching his bare skin. He saw a hint of a smile on Miranda’s face as her hands rubbed his stomach muscles underneath his shirt. He kept the neutral expression on his face as he took the top off his form tossing it aside and saw pleasure in her eyes as she stared at his muscular chest followed by her hands rubbing him giving him pleasure. He brought his hands to her waist length top and gripped it pulling it up as she raised her hands which he pulled off her form over her head tossing it aside baring her.  He lowered his hands to his waist pulling at his pants as he used his feet to yank of his black sneaker like shoes and yanked his pants off his form as she did the same to herself. Once naked he brought his hands to her arms and lowered his face towards hers kissing her as he ran his hands up and down while feeling pleasure from his skin touching her skin. He broke off the kiss to his regret and lifted her up carrying her to the bed which he lowered putting his form on top of her. He felt her hands touch his cheeks palms rubbing as he again kissed her while settling himself as he felt her legs part surrounding him. He broke off the kiss to stare at her with a hungry look as he saw a pleasant expression in them encouraging him to continue as his hands went to her sides. He entered her with his sensitive part going all the way to the hilt while hearing her gasp out moaning sounds as he felt a powerful charge of pleasure arrive from being inside her. He gasped out a moan as he felt her legs tighten around him with her hands touching his shoulders nails digging in his skin. He brought his hands to her hips and held her in place as he began thrusting in rhythm while feeling charges of pleasure hit him each time he entered her. Her face he saw had a far away look of happiness in it as he moved in and out of her while hearing her give off moaning sounds. He felt a wave of pleasure arrive building its tempo within him and he made his thrusts faster while feeling her clenching and unclenching his sensitive part each time it went inside her. With a roaring cry he felt a part of him spill inside her as the wave of pleasure overtook him running through him making him jerk in spasms as he felt her jerking while clenching his sensitive part inside her. Vincent shut his eyes cutting off his roar to moan loudly from the feeling running though him as he felt his and her jerking stop with him still inside her up to the hilt. He moved his hands to her sides keeping himself on top of her as her hands on his shoulders pulled him down and he felt them go to the back of his neck her fingers running in his hair. Vincent brought his cheek to Miranda’s cheek feeling himself so relaxed from the mating as he kept his eyes shut and smiled a small smile with his lips. He felt himself falling unconscious and felt her release her hold on him which he pulled out to lie on his side with his arms around her surrendering to the sleepiness hitting him. Vincent dreamed of standing in front of the house which he frowned when he heard a throat clearing sound and looked to his left to see his Aunt, standing besides him. 
He narrowed his eyes forming a glare on his face as he folded his arms and spoke “You’re my mother not my Aunt.” 
She, he saw stared at him with an unreadable look on her face then she spoke “Interesting conclusion, Adair.” 
He bared his teeth in disgust as he spoke “Adair is dead, I am now called Vincent now explain your words, Mother.” 
He took a step towards her as she spoke “I’m afraid you don’t fully remember the actual truth about your creation. I’m not your mother but I am your Aunt.” 
He walked till he was inches away from her and snarled “Tell me the truth, Jerusha.”
He kept his eyes narrowed boring at his Aunt’s eyes that had no expression in them like her face. 
She spoke “You’ll remember the truth soon enough, Adair.” 
He opened his mouth to speak when he saw her twist to her right then faded from view which he looked to see Miranda walk out of the bushes with a confused expression in her face which he stared at as blackness arrived surrounding them with darkness. He woke up lying in bed with a blanket on top of him while on his side with Miranda lying on her side facing him with her eyes hand touching his cheek. He saw a confused expression on her face as her hand left his cheek to touch his hand lying between them on the pillow. 
He frowned staring at her as she spoke “Are you alright?” 
He let her words linger before speaking “I don’t know.” 

Chapter Seven
Vincent again paused seemingly lengthy only to get Sora's familiar noises he groaned softly to feel his mask off covering his head to find another being twin to Sora floating above him holding onto his mask. He groaned from the armor felt snapping onto him covering him and then snapping into his back, back and forth. He glared at the window that showed rain water falling into the round room in the castle he was in with Sora and her kind. Vincent frowned as he recalled the memory of mating with Miranda. He recalled the Fishla arrived and took her with them they using Sora and her people to enforce her to come with them. He sighed as he recalled that Miranda wasn't the only one he had a mating relationship with. He recalled having a mating relationship with a vampire named Arana after his leadership by the other Vampires was overthrown. Vincent groaned hearing Sora's singing sounding behind him. He forced himself to concentrate onto her singing to suddenly understood her words to his shock he hearing her singing about something involving confessing crimes to the Forgiver. 
Vincent gave off a loud growling noise interrupting Sora's singing he speaking "Think of something else to speak to me about Sora. I have no desire to hear this story involving the Forgivers as you refer those creepy people. I don't want to be reminded about how creepy they are to me."
Vincent heard Sora obey to hear her singing again he heard "Just tell me a story about this Vincent now."
He obeyed to speak the story.

"Vincent falls asleep again with his arms around Miranda which he is dreaming of a room that is his at the Ashmere house where a young woman with his hair color and Aunt’s appearance is lying on a bed groaning in pain with her abdomen swollen judging by her naked form. He sees that there’s another woman with appearance like his Aunt and twin to the woman is standing besides the bed holding her hand while wearing a dress as a Human male is at the front of the bed putting hands between the woman’s legs. He frowns as the scene continues to show a baby a boy pulled from between the woman’s legs while hearing the male speak that the baby is a boy which he puts on the woman. He continues to watch as the woman speaks with pain in her voice that Jerusha should raise the baby herself for she feels her life is nearing its end. He sees the woman standing next to the lying woman kiss her on the cheek calling her Jerrilyn and speaking that she’ll call her son Adair who she hopes his father will someday meet his son. Jerrilyn he sees gasps out a painful cry then jerks going still with her eyes open while lying in the bed. He sees the other woman Jerusha he assumes is his Aunt close Jerrilyn’s eyes shut and speaks to the male to bury her in the garden and mark it with a flower plant. He hears the male speak his agreement then gives her the baby then wraps Jerrilyn in a blanket and carries her out of the room. He frowns as he watches his Aunt place the baby he assumes is himself on the bed then pulls out a knife from her pocket which she cuts her wrist and drips the blood into the wailing Adair’s mouth dripping a good amount which quiets the baby and then she licks her wrist close with her tongue while grimacing with disgust on her face. He continues to watch as the scene changes showing her lying in bed in his aunt’s room eying a crib next to her bed. He watches as she turns off the lamp and lies in bed going asleep.  His eyes are drawn to the doors to outside that show lightening flashing outside. He continues to eye the doors as a male with his facial appearance and hair that is short and black with an emotionless face walks into view opening the door and walking inside noiselessly. He stiffens as he sees the male has red eyes and sees him flash fanged teeth which are bared towards his aunt lying in bed. He continues to watch as the male he realizes is his father goes to the crib to stare with head bowed at himself as a baby lying sleeping in it. He stares at the male who reaches into the crib to lift himself up holding him still sleeping to cradle him in his arms who kisses the baby on the forehead then gently lowers him back into the crib. He continues to watch as his father walks away from the crib walking towards the doors which he walks out into the storm outside gently closing the door behind him. He frowns as the scene changes to show himself as an adult wearing Adair clothing running out of his Aunt’s bedroom during a rain storm kneeling while baring his teeth which he spots two become fanged and sees his father appear from hidden form to stand besides himself kneeling on the ground. He eyes his father who still has an emotionless expression on his face staring at himself groaning then screaming out an inhuman cry before getting up and walking inside the house closing the doors. He sees on his father’s face a smile on his lips without baring his teeth and watches as he walks towards the house going through the doorway like a ghost which the view changes to show himself as Vincent running out of the house from another entrance with hunger pain on his face. He sees his father put hands on him self’s shoulders and appears to be guiding him through the forest as he is running through it towards a bear at a bank which he sees himself grab feeding off of it while his father has hands on the bear’s head which he sees the bear is struggling from not just his choke hold but from his father’s hands grip on its head. 
The scene changes to show the run down Ashmere Manor house and he is facing his Aunt which he speaks words a question “What did you do to me?” 
He sees awareness in her eyes which he recognizes that she understands his question. 
He stares at her as she speaks “Something your mother always wanted for you which your father has slowly come to accept.” 
He frowns staring at his Aunt who smiles a small smile at him which he asks a question “My mother, who was she?” 
He sees a frown appear on his Aunt’s face who speaks “I see, you remember your birth and your father.” 
He continues to frown as his Aunt continues speaking that he’ll remember more about his mother when the time is right for she already told him details about her which he has forgotten. He opens his mouth to speak and feels her hand covering his mouth which she adds that his father is around watching him. The scene he sees goes black and he wakes up alone in his bed with the fire dead in the fireplace. He gets up going into the bathroom which he takes a wash cloth wets it in the sink and using it to wash himself all over while knowing that the armor implant in his back will not tolerate water from showering or in a bath on it. Once done he goes back to his room to put on his clothes and mask then opens the door partly open to sit on the wing back chair lost in thought thinking about his memories and hears a knock on his door which he speaks the command for enter to see a frowning vampire walk in who speaks that a new vampire has arrived flaunting himself as their leader and saying that the vampires’ current leader will be easily defeated in a challenging fight while speaking that the tale of the current leader being the first vampire is a tall tale because he thinks that a vampire converted him from being human to vampire hence his appearance. Vincent frowns as the vampire continues to add that the new vampire is named Bruno who is flaunting their current leader as a converted vampire because of what one of their own did to human female converting her as a vampire. Vincent keeps his mouth shut as the vampire continues to speak that there are vampires who are beginning to be swayed to believe Bruno due to his repeatedly flaunting this in their faces which is bringing doubt to them believing in their current leader if he doesn’t confront Bruno on this. Vincent gets up slowly and walks towards the vampire till he is standing in front of him a bit taller to speak a command to take him to Bruno now. He sees the vampire nods his head and walk out of the room with himself following while hearing the bells ringing sound. He continues to follow the vampire to the throne room where there are vampires standing around in two groups. He sees one group is in a semi circle around a smirking tall vampire with black hair which he eyes with a frown to stand in the room staring at him. The vampire escort says while pointing a finger at the smirking vampire that its Bruno then walks to a group that is glaring at the smirking vampire with anger on their faces. He stands watching Bruno whose eyes turn towards him to stop smirking with a sneer on his face to speak that Vampire Leader’s leadership should go to him and not the Vampire Leader who is actually a converted vampire with a sneering voice tone. Vincent hears a female voice spoken in his mind to take off his mask and tell Bruno that he heard that the vampire wanted to challenge him in a physical fight. Vincent finds himself compelled to obey which he takes off mask to speak with a glare in his face that he heard that Bruno wants to challenge him in physical fight. He sees Bruno’s sneer become a smirk which he frowns inwardly about it until a fist hits him on the back of his knees hard which puts him to kneel and finds himself restrained by vampires holding his arms in a tight grip. He turns his face into a neutral expression as Bruno smirking speaks that to challenge him means to challenge all vampires who view him as their leader and not this converted vampire kneeling on the floor. Vincent feels his mask placed back on his head which he again hears Bruno speak that the converted vampire should be taken out of the castle and brought to the forests where he is to live alone for he won’t accept him as one of their own. Vincent feels a prick of pain in his arm which brings sleepiness while hearing Bruno speak that he won’t order the converted vampire dead but exiled and shunned from the other vampires as long as he lives. He falls unconscious to wake up on a bed which he discovers is his cave room in the vampires’ former cave stronghold alone. He gets up to explore the stronghold to discover that he is alone and the place appears to have thievery in it due to items missing when he lived there before the castle. He goes to the throne room to find he’s still alone to sit on the stone throne chair eyes staring at the cave entrance while feeling himself in shock. He takes off mask to place it on his lap while staring at the ground floor with sadness thinking to himself perhaps that he’s a converted vampire and not the legend from having a memory of his aunt cutting her wrist and putting the bloody area to his mouth as he was a baby so soon after his birth. He frowns as he gets memory of himself cutting his aunt’s wrist to drink from her after her death which fully changed him to a vampire. He recalls sadly to himself that Bruno was right he’s a converted vampire and his hair made the vampires think he was the legend. He leans back in the chair to stare at the opening to the cave with sadness as he continues to think that he should find himself a body of water and use it to disable the implant and then walk in the sun allowing himself to die. He continues to think that living a life exiled and shunned as a converted vampire instead of a leader isn’t what he had in mind. He frowns as he recalls to himself that the cave bedroom had a bathroom complete with a shower and a tub which he should go see if the water works. He places mask on his face as he slowly gets up to slowly walk to his cave bedroom swishing aside the curtain going to the bathroom doorway which he opens to spy the bathroom is intact. He goes to the sink to pull a faucet and finds that water still works which he shuts off. He goes to the shower tub combination to turn on the water which he finds is working along with the shower. He turns off the water to slowly yank his mask off of his head dropping it to the floor as a great feeling of sadness hits him which causes him to kneel abruptly. He feels tears falling from his eyes as he kneels that spill from his eyes going down his face falling to the floor in blood red color staining the tiles. He continues to cry silently till the tears stop and he gets up to grab a washcloth sitting on the sink to wash his face with the sink water with then places his mask back on his face which he walks out to the bedroom to his bed to lie on it shutting his eyes going asleep. He passes out till a voice in male tones tell him to wake up which wakes him up and he gets up to walk out of the bedroom to the entrance where its night time as in a trance which his eyes seeing thru the mask blink from a glare of a light shining on him while hearing werewolves’ voices chattering that they found him and he appears to be alright. He frowns as the werewolves reach him which he sees Italy and Vivian among the five of them both kids having frowns on their faces who to his shock hug him and hand him a jug which he recognizes blood in it. He yanks off his mask to drink the entire contents of the jug while hearing chattering become whispering seeing his face. He hears them mention the vampire legend along with wondering why the vampires kicked him out of position with some converted vampire excuse when he’s not really converted. He keeps his mouth shut as werewolves quiet their chatter on Italy’s order who speaks as if talking to him that the vampires’ new leader had the vampires execute four out of five werewolves at a meeting spot under the disguise of forming peace among vampires and werewolves which one of the werewolves there left alive relayed that the vampires told him the executions was retaliation against what was done towards a vampire and his mate gassing them in a sewer pipe and leaving them to death. Vincent feels annoyance as Italy and Vivian take his arms and lead him through the forest to a van which the group gets in and it flies in the air. He hears Italy speak that the vampires who left the werewolf alive made no secret that their vampire leader Bruno got the position by his words along with his father using physical strength to get the position which Italy thinks his father should challenge Bruno physically by using the fact that he used his physical strength to win the leadership position by fighting. Vincent feels that Italy is right on his words as the van lands in a cave he recognizes leads into the vampires’ castle which he leaves van and hears Vivian speak that she hopes he’ll get the position for she doesn’t like Bruno. He nods his head enters the castle unnoticed to hear bells sound that is compelling him to the throne room which he enters to stand in a corner with his mask off his face in his hand and arms folded with a nasty glaring look on his face watching as vampires enter the room who notice him and see them flinch from his narrowed boring glare at them. He watches as the vampires kneel with heads to the ground as Bruno walks into the room smirk on his face with his body language seemingly like he’s puffed up to sit on the throne. He continues to watch as Bruno gives the command for up which vampires sit up from having heads on the ground. He stands as Bruno guided by the vampires looking at him in his direction spots him with he sees the smirk get off Bruno’s face that appears angry. He hears Bruno give the command to seize him as two vampires get up which he speaks that they won’t be able to defeat him physically as he walks forwards out of the corner. He drops the mask as the two vampires reach him heading towards his arms which he waits till their inches away and grabs them with his hands on their necks with great strength toss them into the air towards the wall on his left which he spots them hitting the wall at a high height then sliding down both groaning loudly. He sees Bruno appear to be angry as he speaks that he got the leadership position from defeating the vampires physically and not with useless words that Bruno used. He sees three vampires get up at Bruno’s head jerk which he smiles a smirk and speaks that Bruno is a coward allowing vampires to do his dirty work instead of doing it himself. He grabs each of them reaching him and tosses them in the air towards the wall where the leader throne chair is.  Vincent speaks with a mocking tone that no vampire has defeated him physically when he fought among them fighting for the leadership position which Bruno interrupts to scream at the vampires to attack him which only five vampires get up charging towards him. He waits with fists ready as he fists the five vampires one at a time before grabbing them by the necks and tossing them in the air towards the wall on the right as he is facing Bruno. Vincent advances walking towards Bruno who continues to yell that he’s the leader and the vampires should get rid of him as ordered which he sees none of the vampires get up towards him. He walks towards Bruno and reaches the throne steps as Bruno gets up darting with speed towards an entrance in the room which he overtakes Bruno to stand at the entrance halting Bruno’s running who appears surprised to see him standing at the doorway. Vincent speaks that is Bruno sure that he’s a converted vampire when he easily defeated the vampires who acted on Bruno’s orders to attack him. Bruno he sees charges towards him with fists raised in a blurring speed which he easily defends against Bruno’s fists to grab the vampire by the neck lifting him up dangling his feet, above him with a raised arm hold. Vincent speaks a question asking if the vampires are sure he’s a converted vampire because of several factors point that he may not be that. He continues to hold Bruno who swings his legs in jerking motions while gagging a bit. Vincent adds mentioning about himself being physically strong enough to defeated any number of vampires like he did for the leadership position and wants to know if that had anything to do with converted vampires. 
He hears Bruno gag out words “Release me.” 
He lowers the vampire till his feet are touching the ground and forces Bruno to kneel with his hand still clamped on the vampire’s neck who gags out that vampires don’t kill vampires. Vincent speaks that Bruno is right on that vampires don’t kill vampires but there’s no law on preventing them from torturing vampires which he continues to gag Bruno whose hands start clawing his hand holding the vampire’s neck. He hears Bruno gag out the comment to release him which he speaks a question why he should do it for torturing vampires isn’t against the rules. He raises Bruno up to a standing position to throw a fist into the vampire’s stomach who groans loudly. He speaks that he’s not amused with Bruno’s attitude towards him and the vampires which he again throws another fist into the vampire’s stomach who groans out to be released. Vincent speaks he’ll release Bruno providing that the vampire gives him a good reason for he’s inclined to torture Bruno for the trouble he pulled on him and the vampires.  He glares at Bruno who stops clawing his hand to grip his arm while groaning out a release me comment which he tightens his grip on Bruno’s neck then releases a bit of the grip while speaking that he expects his question answered period.  He glares at Bruno who has a fear look in his eyes as they both eye each other. He feels a prick of pain in his neck like a needle syringe injected feels sleepiness arrive within him who he releases his hold on Bruno’s neck to hit the floor going unconscious and hears Bruno gasping loudly as he surrenders to the unconsciousness hitting him. Vincent wakes up with mask on back leaning against a wall with his head leaning against it and he hears a male voice ordering him to be still which he obeys to spot himself in a stone prison cell with entrance to it is a gated barred high like fence.  He sees on the other side is a glaring Bruno and another vampire who looks shocked once he eyes him. He hears Bruno complain very loudly about not being able to go in the cell to wake up Adair which he is surprised to hear the name referring to himself. He continues to hear Bruno talk that Adair will take the vampire as a hostage to get his freedom. Vincent keeps himself still eyes on Bruno who growls some angry sound then addressing the vampire next to him as Marioni to let him know when Adair wakes up. He sees Marioni nod his head as Bruno walks out of sight while hearing a loud banging sound indicating a door slam sound. He continues to stare at Marioni who looks uncomfortable judging by his face and hears Marioni speak that he’s getting the creeps from being in this place said to be haunted by the ghosts of the past. He spots a vampire with his father’s appearance appear from behind Marioni from a hidden form standing. He eyes his father who places a hand on Marioni’s shoulder who doesn’t indicate that he felt the touch and sees his mouth moving while not hearing the words or sounds of talk. He eyes Marioni who gets freaked out by a scared expression on his face and watches as the vampire screams out a cry and run out of sight with his father gliding behind him hand still on his shoulder and he hears the sound of a door slam.  He sees a vampire appear from a hidden form looking like one of the vampires that led him from the Ashmere Manor house and see his mouth move while hearing a voice speaking to him ordering him to sleep for feeding won’t come soon enough and the vampire fades from view which he shuts his eyes and falls asleep. He wakes up to feel a hand touching his leg which he keeps his form still when seeing Bruno standing behind the gate glaring. He sees the hand’s owner is a female vampire is crouching near his leg hand touching him. He keeps himself still till the female touches his shoulder and he moves grabbing her by the throat gagging her. He hears Bruno sneer that Adair was pretending to be asleep which Vincent interrupts demanding to know what Bruno wants with him for he’s trying to sleep. He sees confusion on the female’s face whose back is to Bruno glaring at him. 
He again hears Bruno accuse him of pretending to sleep which he responds in a cranky tone “Speak your point and let me sleep.” 
He sees Bruno’s glare become a frown and sees him walk away which he let goes of the female who darts towards the gate pulling on it while yelling to be freed. Vincent feels hungry yanks off his mask to eye the female hungrily that stops pulling on the gate to turn around with a gasp sound. He slowly gets up and with super speed grabs her by the neck and grabs one of her wrists to bring it to his mouth biting with fury to suck the blood within it. 
He feels her struggle in his grip while hearing Bruno’s voice with confusion in his tone “Who’s Arana and where she is?” 
He looks at the gated entrance to see Bruno walk in sight followed by another vampire he recognizes as Marioni which he feels his hunger still raging continues to drink as the female hisses pained crying sounds while whacking him with her free hand while jerking her form underneath his grip. 
Vincent hears Bruno exclaim “Gah! What is he doing to her?!” 
He finds his hunger sated licks the bite wound with his tongue and releases his hold on her who darts towards the gated fence which Marioni opens and lets her out then closes behind her. 
He spots Bruno with a confused expression on his face staring at him as he bares his teeth at the vampire then speaks “Thanks, Bruno, I need it.”
He speaks in a smirking voice then he goes to his mask to put it on and then lies down to shut his eyes falling asleep. He wakes up hearing a screaming sound while feeling pain in his stomach which he discovers he is alone for Bruno isn’t there along with any vampires. He yanks off his mask to get up going to a corner feeling sick in his stomach with a throw up feeling which he kneels and retches a good amount of liquid from his mouth and gags loudly as his mouth releases an object which his hands release the mask to grab pulling it from his mouth while gagging from it while feeling his stomach become lighter with no heaviness feelings. He eyes the object to be a small round pendant out of crystal like material with an image of a female’s face with hair surrounding it on it. He sees the face is like his aunt’s which he turns the crystal around to discover words are on it. 
He reads “Jerrilyn Attala.” 
He unclasps the chain to put around his neck and covers it by his top.  He feels himself weak which he forces himself to sit leaning against the wall with his mask on his lap while shutting his eyes. He has a memory of himself as Adair riffling through his aunt’s dresser drawers which he spots the necklace he threw up in the memory in the drawer which he lifts up.  He takes the necklace and walks out of the bedroom to outside by through the open double doors where he goes behind a tree to examine the necklace. He feels a hand grab one of his in an iron clad grip which he sees is his aunt who with a foreign language tone compels him to put the necklace in his mouth and swallow it whole then she releases his hand and darts away out of sight. He finds himself alone while feeling a heaviness feeling in his stomach a feeling that bothered him from time to time till he threw up the necklace. He hears a dog barking sound sounding nasty to him follows the sound going through a maze of bushes till he reaches another tree to see his Aunt with back leaning against a tree looking nervous as a man wearing raggedy clothing with a sneer on his face is holding a leash attached to a large dog that is growling and barking at his Aunt. He mentally orders the dog to stand down and be quiet which the dog obeys as he hears the man speak in a nasty voice tone demanding for the jewel and wants it. His Aunt he sees spots him but keeps her mouth shut as he sneaks up to behind the man while ordering the dog mentally to not alert him of his presence. Dog obeys sitting on its haunches as the man again demands the jewel or dog will attack. He reaches the man to grab him by the head while hearing his Aunt speaking in foreign language which compels him to twist the man’s neck and feels the man’s body become limp which he drops to the ground and grabs the dog’s leash and orders the dog mentally to accept him as his new master. 
Dog acts friendly and hears his Aunt speak “Your useful, Adair.”
 Vincent breaks off the memory to smell something that is waking him up jerking him from his sleep. He sniffs the air as the smell becomes more powerful which is exciting him for he recognizes it as blood which forces him to stand up for the smell is overwhelming him which he with mask held in his hand goes to the gate tearing it apart and walks out of the cell. He lets the smell to take over his senses which he loses sanity like some wild animal following the smell till a cup rim is brought to his lips which he tastes blood identifying it as a bear’s blood which he gulps down drinking while having hands on the object he recognizes as a large jug unaware of his surroundings. He drinks till there isn’t a drop left and licks the rim his healing stuff and then the jug is removed and he finds himself standing in a hallway with two male vampires having hands on his arms with one holding an empty jug in his hand. He spots in front of him is Bruno who is staring at him with a frown on his face as he sees another vampire Marioni next to Bruno who pokes Bruno with a finger on his arm repeatedly. He stares at Bruno with confusion as Bruno gives off a loud groan sound who speaks in a groaning tone that he has a proposition for him which Bruno says that it’s for Adair to be his bodyguard and peace enforcer among the vampires. Vincent frowns hears a voice in male tones ordering him to take the offer which he speaks that his name is Vincent and prefers to be called that instead of Adair while seeing Bruno’s facial expression become a glare and adds that his life as Adair is dead to him and prefers the Vincent name which he pauses then continues asking how Bruno plans to use him as his body guard and peace enforcer. He stares at Bruno with a frown while feeling annoyed as he figures out that the vampires who’s hands are on him are to tell what his mood is from their touching him. He frowns some more as Bruno speaks that one of the werewolves left alive after an attack on four were executed admitted under torture talking about a masked vampire without knowing his name who all the werewolves are seeing as someone to respect like a leader which Bruno adds that he suspects that the masked vampire is Vincent himself. Vincent frowns as he remembers his werewolf children Italy and Vivian while thinking what they said about himself for the respect which has him a little bewildered. He keeps his mouth shut as Bruno adds that the elves sent a werewolf messenger who said that their ticked off at Bruno himself for the attack and according to the messenger view Vincent as the son of the vampire legend the first vampire and leader of the vampires and will have nothing to do with Bruno despite him being the vampires’ leader.  Bruno continues speaking that he has spies among the vampires who have been overheard arguing about Vincent, his origins and where he came from hearing what the elves and werewolves said about Vincent. The arguments Bruno has been relayed to was about Vincent said to came from the haunted forest called Attala said to be where the Vampires originated from while adding about Vincent possibly being a Human who was converted from the first vampire that lived there along with other arguments on who that vampire was which they are saying is the first vampire legend while adding that the vampire fathered Vincent himself judging from the elves claiming that and there are also arguments about who Vincent really was from recorded stories from Humans who traveled in the Attala and meeting a male Human who creep them out by looking at him matching Vincent’s description seemingly controlled by an older female Human who referred herself as his Aunt. Vincent frowns hearing this as Bruno continues speaking that the arguing vampires according to spies have brought werewolves and elves in their debate which both races have all agreed on several things such as Vincent being the offspring of a vampire that said to be the first vampire and the legend that wasn’t recorded on record due to no one keeping records back then along with sightings of that vampire by Humans traveling in the Attala who have recorded what the vampire looked like along with records of the drawings shown in school to races and those that have seen Vincent have point out that Vincent’s face matches the vampire’s face in the drawings hence they assuming he’s the vampire’s offspring due to his hair being different from the recorded vampire. Vincent keeps on frowning allowing the emotion to show on his face as he holds his mask in his hand while staring at Bruno who pauses from talking then continues speaking that that the recorded mysterious vampire according to Human travelers in the Attala at their meeting him abruptly was heard speaking words about not harming his son who was referred as Adair whenever they went near certain areas in the forest and were scared off by that vampire who threatened them harm and flaunting himself as a ghost and a vampire combination whenever they tried to shoot him with their projectile guns at different ranges of firing at him after they were threatened harm by him which they left the area of the forest. Vincent thinks to himself wondering about the animals he hunted and fed off of which Bruno continues talking that Human travelers in the Attala have come upon animals that appear to be drained of their blood when examined and have assumed the vampire ghost fed off them which was the theory was thrown out when Vincent and three other converted Vampires walked out of the Attala into the hospital bordering the area which it was said that those four were responsible for the animals’ blood drained. Vincent keeps his mouth shut with a frown on his face as Bruno pauses from talking and then orders him to put on mask and come along which he obeys and follows Bruno with the three vampires behind himself through hallways till he hears vampire voices chattering conversations overlapping. He sees the source of the voices are vampires sitting around in a some what large room sitting at tables on chairs and benches that go silent eyes on Bruno who stands in the room with himself next to him. He hears Bruno address him as Vincent telling him to hang around the room for awhile then watches as Bruno turns to Marioni requesting him to show him the castle which he sees leave with Marioni and a vampire as the vampire with the jug walks away going through a doorway in the wall.  Vincent goes to a wall and leans on it sideways while hearing the vampires chatter is whispering which he doesn’t pay attention to their words as he folds his arms feeling a bit lost by the upset feeling running through him. The upset feeling gets stronger which he feels a little overwhelmed at what he heard from Bruno darts from the room walking a maze of hallways till he feels wind air blowing follows it to a set of windows one open which he walks to while seeing its night by his night vision in his eyes sight. He yanks off mask holding it in his hand to lean forward onto the open screened window while closing his eyes feeling the cool wind blowing from outside onto him. He gets a memory of his aunt standing outside in the Ashmere Manor gardens in front of a rose bush with hands clasped in front of her with head bowed as the sun is slowly losing its light. He himself is grown up an adult as Adair walking quietly towards her who he is shocked when her voice speaks loudly asking a question addressing himself what he wanted and speaking his name. Adair instead of answering walks to stand besides his Aunt who looks up to stare at him which he is staring at the rose bush with a frown. He speaks a question asking about his father and why he hasn’t met him. His Aunt as he looks at her stares at him with a frown speaks that he has met his father when he was very young aged and doesn’t remember it but he will meet his father again when the time is right. Adair frowns as his Aunt continues speaking that its best to get inside the house for night time brings trouble to the forest and doesn’t want to get harmed from it. He escorts her inside the house through her bedroom doors which she closes behind them and yanks the curtains over them which she adds that Adair should be going to his room for she likes privacy to get herself for bed. Adair obeys walking out of her room wandering through rooms to the hallway where the front door is and enters a room where a ratty couch is with dog toys scattered around and no dog in sight. He leaves the room going to a hallway with stairs going up which he takes walking pass doors to his room which he shuts the door behind him and in a quick motion yanks off the clothes and shoes off his form scattering it on the floor to stand naked which he groans loudly rubbing a hand on his neck and thinking that the clothes are confining to him and his Aunt has refused to listen to him complaining about wearing something else despite the clothes feeling uncomfortable. He feels his hair in a tail and leaves the hair alone as he thinks to himself wondering why his Aunt insists to him on keeping his hair pulled back like that instead of allowing him to wear it down which he frowns at the thought. He goes to his dresser to pull out from the bottom drawer a long sleeve rugby shirt and jeans which he puts on his form that is Vincent clothing then sighs loudly to sit on the bed feeling relief. He opens the top drawer to show small thick red leather bound books scattered inside it. 
He yanks one out that has a bookmark in it to open it showing the title with the words “Jerrilyn and Adam: their love story.” 
He leans against the headboard with his back and opens the book at the bookmark to read with fascination running through him. Vincent reads an uncounted number of pages till he starts falling asleep puts the bookmark back in the book and stuffs it in the drawer closing it and shuts off the lamp to lie down on the bed pulling the blanket up his form.  He shuts his eyes and passes out to come to feeling a hand feeling feminine touching his forehead then his cheek which he jerks his eyes open as the hand withdraws its touch to see nothing in the room despite having night vision but hears a voice in a male tone speaking his name which gets him to sit up looking around seeing no one in his room till the voice speaks with a compelling tone ordering him to come to him. He gets up from the bed and walks to his bedroom door like in a trance leaves walking out and discovers himself walking in the forest with the house out of sight while hearing nothing in the forest but his feet continue to walk as if guided by something till he reaches a clearing and his feet stop their moving which he sees a tall male Human wearing Adair like clothing walk out of the bushes to stand staring at him with an emotionless expression on his face. The male speaks in a compelling voice tone requesting him to come to him whom Adair walks forward till he’s inches away and stiffens as the male bares his teeth which he sees two are fanged and realizes that the male is a vampire who shuts his mouth then proceeds to walk around him in a circle with some interested look in his eyes. He keeps his mouth shut as the vampire speaks the compelling voice tone ordering him to kneel which he does and the vampire rolls his sleeve and thrusts his bare wrist at him ordering him to bite and drink in the compelling voice tone. 
Adair slowly reaches for the wrist with his hands and froze when a loud female voice sounding like his Aunt speaking behind him “Not till I’m dead!” 
He stiffens as he sees the vampire look from him to behind him with narrowed eyes as he hears his Aunt’s voice speaking in foreign language in a compelling voice tone that gets him to stand up and grab the male’s neck who struggles in his grip with hands clawing his hands choking loudly. He again hears his Aunt’s voice speaking in foreign language tone which he spins the vampire around and hears a gun shot sound while seeing something blood red appear on the Vampire’s chest that goes limp in his arms which he drops to the ground to stare at his Aunt who is holding a small hand gun in her hand. He stares at her with confusion as she speaking in his language commands him to pick up the vampire carry him and follow her which he does walking through the forest till they reach the house’s garden and stop at a rose bush which his aunt speaking in his language he understood orders him to bury the vampire which he drops the vampire onto the ground and digs with his hands a large hole and buries the vampire into the hole which he covers with dirt. He stands up as his Aunt speaks in foreign language which gets him to remove the clothing he is wearing baring his form then goes to a tree to dig a hole and buries the clothes in it then walks into the house through the Aunt’s bedroom with her following and he in a trance goes to his room lies on his bed passing out. Adair wakes up with his curtains glowing finding himself naked with memory of the night and how he got like that gets up feeling a little angry which he goes to his scattered clothes and shoes putting them on while grimacing of the uncomfortable feeling of them and leaves his bedroom going out the front door in the sunlight that feels uncomfortable to him and walks around the house to the garden at its side going to the tree where his Vincent clothes were to spot his Aunt standing over the burial area with arms folded a glare on her face.  He frowns as he nearly reaches her which she holds up an arm with a finger and points to the house while speaking that he is forbidden to leave the house without her say so period and speaking in foreign language compels him to turn around and walk to her bedroom where the doors are open which he walks inside going thru rooms to sit at a chair which he spots his Aunt sit down at the desk and she begins writing on a piece of paper with a pen as he suddenly rocks his form back and forth while muttering out loud words about wanting to lead and needing to lead-"

Vincent got interrupted by Sora again giving off her vibration. 
He spoke firmly "What? You told me to tell you a story involving this Earther named Vincent!"
He formed a glare while glaring at her to get her singing in response "Ears eavesdropping onto the tale telling your saying Ancient One by the Forgivers."
He grunted an annoyed sound and spoke in response as Sora quit her vibration he continuing on with the story.

Chapter Eight
"A loud roaring noise breaks Vincent of his reverie which he hears the noise is an echo sounding in the hallway he is in while leaning against the window. He straightens up his form to place his mask on while opening his eyes to stare out the window that shows the moving vast ocean as he recalls to himself that his dog Vincent arrived soon after himself sitting in the chair rocking his form. He again hears the roaring noise which his hearing tells him it sounds like a vampire angry which he leaves the hallway following the noise’s echoing till he hears Bruno’s voice sounding angry speaking about being challenged means challenging all vampires which he hears a sneering vampire voice in male tones calling Bruno a coward as he is walking which he reaches the throne room to again hear the voice speak that Bruno would rather have vampires do his dirty work than dirty his hands fighting other vampires. He enters the throne room to see an apparent angry Bruno on the throne steps with four vampires besides him facing a larger group of vampires which one is standing in front of the group with a sneer on his face. He enters the room unnoticed to stand at the doorway as Bruno sounding angry demands that the vampire he calls Leonard to speak his point for he has no patience for him. He stares at Leonard who challenges Bruno to a fight and says that refusal is cowardice as the vampires behind Leonard jeer at Bruno voicing their agreements. He stands still unnoticed and finds his feet frozen refusing to move which his arms abruptly fold themselves and are locked in place and his mouth clamped shut while hearing a male voice speaking in his mind that Bruno must be taught a lesson in humility and he can’t help him which he thinks the voice belongs to his father’s the vampire in his memory. He stands watching as Bruno orders the four vampires to fight Leonard who balk the order one of them speaking that Leonard is right that Bruno is a coward who doesn’t want to get his hands bloody from fighting vampires and prefers other vampires to do it for him. He sees Bruno dart in a fast speed motion towards an open doorway opposite from him in another wall but only gets blocked by three vampires appearing in his way who wave their hands at him while growling animal like noises. He hears Leonard speak that Bruno is really a coward and shouldn’t lead the vampires for he’ll lead them. He turns his attention to Bruno who roars an angry roar and spins around with blurring speed charges at Leonard who meets his charge by charging at him. He watches as the two vampires meet to attack each other punching with fists and clothes and hair pulling with their hands. He continues to watch as Bruno and Leonard back away to circle each other with their hands in fists with angry looks on their faces and hears Leonard speak in a sneering voice tone that all Bruno cares is to use his words instead of his fists.
He hears Bruno speak with annoyance in his voice “Shut up and fight me, you buffoon.”
He frowns inwardly as Leonard abruptly charges at Bruno who stands still then step aside with a foot out tripping Leonard who hits the ground followed by Bruno jumping onto Leonard’s back kneeling on the vampire while grabbing his head.
Bruno speaking “Do you yield big mouth?” 
He hears Leonard groan out loudly “I yield, Vampire Leader.” 
He finds his invisible restraint let go and he walks into the room unfolding his arms as Bruno stands up with Leonard getting up him to stand among the vampires who notice him some having fear looks in their eyes along with shock and reverence in the eyes of others. 
He notices Bruno looking at him with a glare which he keeps his mouth shut as Bruno’s look become more glaring and he speaks “Sorry I had to see if you can defend yourself.” 
Vincent frowns as Bruno looks at Leonard who staring at him with reverence in his eyes abruptly looks down as Bruno looks at Leonard then Bruno looks at him with a frown to speak a comment about withdrawing his order to Vincent being his bodyguard for he doesn’t need one but still needs Vincent to keep the vampires in peace when he’s not around to do the job. Vincent nods his head in understanding towards Bruno’s words then Bruno shrugs and orders the vampires to give Vincent a room to sleep in and make sure its not the room that gives off that bell noise for it only belongs to the vampire leader Bruno himself. He keeps his mouth shut as two vampires walk forwards gesturing towards him to follow them which he does walking a maze of hallways and taking a stairwell till they reach a hallway and the two vampires stop at a door one speaking that the room is similar to the Vampire Leader’s room but doesn’t give off the bell noises which should make it easier for Vincent to travel around the castle undetected. Vincent thanks the vampires goes into the room opening the door and closing it behind him. He sees the room is different from the vampire leader’s room which the walls aren’t brick and appear to be smooth with a window having sun block doors covering it and a bricked fireplace with a mantel and sets of logs next to it. He looks around the room to see the furniture is in the same spots as in the vampire leader’s room and the door to the bathroom. He goes to the bed and lies down falling asleep to dream of himself walking in the forest during the day without a mask on and he spots the house still in disrepair which he meets his aunt which he is angry towards her. He snarls to her that she killed his father the vampire he met who wanted him converted into a vampire who his aunt interrupts calling him Adair and saying that he wasn’t ready for the converting. Vincent allows anger to take control charges at his aunt roaring in anger only to feel something hit his knees from behind knocking him to a kneel and a hand gripping his throat gagging him which he sees is his father the vampire who has an angry look in his eyes. He gags as his Aunt tells him that she’s his mother and not his aunt who appears in his line of sight walking to stand besides the woman appearing to be her twin. Vincent widens his eyes staring at the both of them as one of the women speak that the shooting was doing what Jerrilyn wanted who wanted Adam to join her which he realizes that Adam is his father’s name and frowns as he recalls reading a book with those names as one of the women continues speaking that Vincent will have a mate who has been selected for him which he frowns hearing that then the scene goes black as he wakes up in bed with a jerk sitting up. He hears the bell ringing noise that compels him to go to the throne room which he does and stands in the corner as vampires not noticing him kneel with their heads on the ground while spotting a male elf enter the room balk the kneeling as Bruno enters the room going to the throne chair to sit and hears him hiss the command for up. He hears Bruno demand to the elf to explain his presence which the elf speaks in polite tones requesting the vampire named Vincent to be brought to the hospital for some tests to be done on him. He finds his feet moving forwards till he’s next to the elf who looks at him as Bruno gives his permission to take Vincent for tests and wants to know the results of them which he hears the elf speak that he’ll have them when the time is right for the results aren’t instant answers and might take time for them to come. He stares at the elf who requests him to come along with he follows walking out of the throne room walking several hallways to enter a stairwell going down that is lighted by glow balls and enter a large cave where there is several vehicles in it and led to one which the elf enters with him following. He sits in the passenger seat as the elf flies the vehicle out of the cave going out into the sunlight which his armor snaps over him as the sun shines and he stares at his armored covered hands as he sits in silence. 
He hears the elf speak as they fly over a large forest valley surrounded by a mountain chain which he is seeing out the window “The Attala forest land.” 
He frowns staring at the forest that looks sinister from the looks of it as the car flies over it and over a small mountain to show a large vast in length building appearing to have part of it into the mountain which the vehicle lands near the top of the building entering a large cavernous room with several vehicles in it. He gets out followed by the elf who leads the way to doorway with stairs going down which he follows going down too many sets of stairs till the elf stops at a door opening going out of the stairwell with him following. He sees as they enter a tan hallway with doors with number on them on both sides till the elf stops at a door knocking on it.
They both hear a female voice speak “Come in.” 
And the elf opens the door gesturing to Vincent to go inside which he sees another elf a female standing next to a figure appearing to be a vampire who has back to him while facing the window that has shades covering it. He hears the elf close the door behind him as he walks into the room that appears to have a large bed with furniture surrounding it. 
He hears the female elf speak “Arana, he’s here.” 
He frowns as an urge to take off his mask arrives which he does as the vampire turns around and he stiffens seeing her as the female vampire he sucked from her wrist while in a prison cell facing him with a frown on her face as he stares at her in the eyes to feels pain in his chest and drops his mask to groan loudly. He sees the female elf holding a thin tube object that she is waving as the pain hits him and his bents down shutting his eyes while putting a hand on his chest to feel a thudding vibration coming from it. He feels the pain goes away and he straightens up opening his eyes with hand still on his chest to hear with his ears identical thudding vibrations appearing to be coming from the female vampire who is staring at him with a frown still on her face.  Vincent is told by elf that Arana has to suck his blood from his wrist for he did that to her and caused them to become mates a rare condition that has happened among vampires very rarely if they did the blood exchange. Vincent doesn’t complain allows Arana to bite his wrist and drink a little from him which he licks the wound closed. He picks up the mask and he and Arana sit on the bed as the elf goes to the door opening it and another elf comes in with a beeping cart with objects sticking from it which the elf says they have to test them both on something just for their records on this rare mate condition. Vincent doesn’t complain allows himself tested while hearing Arana groan some sounds when she is needle poked. After that Vincent puts mask back on his head as an elf leads them out of the hospital to a car which they sit and the elf flies them to the vampires’ castle as the sun is slowly setting. Vincent leads Arana to his room unnoticed which once inside she asks him questions about him being Adair which annoys him to get him to abruptly interrupt her telling her that his life as Adair is dead to him and he doesn’t want to talk more about it. He lies on the bed with Arana lying next to him and senses her staring at him from her position of lying on her side facing him lying on his back. He shuts his eyes and wills himself to sleep and dreams of the house. He sees his mother and Aunt there and senses his father is behind him from having a hand on his shoulder. Vincent keeps his mouth shut as his mother and Aunt appear to have a whispered mental conversation him not understanding their words which get him a little annoyed. He tries to speak finds no sound comes out of his mouth and then sees the twins look at him which his mother speaks that he’ll remember something in his childhood as scene goes black. He dreams of himself age ten playing Frisbee with his dog in a garden, dog catching the Frisbee which he tosses to and dog comes up to him which he takes and tosses it in the air. He blinks his eyes to find himself facing the opposite direction he was facing hand still holding the Frisbee with another hand holding a knife handle with the blade pointed towards him and facing him is a man wearing gardener clothes looking angry with annoyance on his face. The man he sees stomps up towards him to yank the knife from him then tries to stab him with it which he dances himself away from the man’s thrusting knife held hand ducking and moving. He hears his Aunt’s voice mentally speaking in foreign language in his mind which causes him to drop the Frisbee and grab the man’s wrist with the knife still held in his hand with a hand and forces the knife out of the man’s hand with another hand while seeing pain in the man’s face as he kneels. He continues to hold the man’s wrist as his Aunt appears from nowhere to stand next to him with fury in her eyes and angrily scolds the man for his actions then orders Vincent to break the man’s wrist which he does with a snapping sound with a very hard hand grip. Then the Aunt grabs the man’s ear and hauls him away into the garden further into the forest as scene goes black. Vincent wakes up alone in his room while hearing the bell ringing sound which compels him to get up and walk out of his room to the throne room. On the way he halts his walk feeling annoyed towards the bell noise and goes another direction away from the throne room to an open window which his armor snaps open and he stands with arms folded eyes staring at the ocean water below. He is lost in his thoughts till the sun block window slams closed and his armor reverts which he looks to see Marioni standing next to the window hand on a rope pulley with annoyance in his face who gesture with his head behind Vincent which he turns around to see Bruno with annoyance on his face sounding angry demanding to know why Vincent is not respecting Bruno as their vampire leader. 
Vincent feels annoyed advances towards Bruno to feel hands gripping his arms by two appearing vampires to speak “Why should I respect you when I had the respect of the vampires as their leader which you kicked me out of position?” 
He glares at Bruno despite wearing his mask to fist his hands as Bruno opens his mouth then closes it with a frown appearing on his face. He keeps his mouth shut as Bruno orders the vampires to let him go and tells Vincent to just show up at the throne room when the bells sound which he expects from him from now on. Vincent doesn’t say a word as he finds himself freed to watch the vampires fade from view which he knows their using their super speed to travel away from him. He walks slowly wandering in the castle till he comes to the cafeteria where there are chattering vampires that become silent seeing him all with reverence in their eyes but different emotions in their faces. Vincent looks around the room and spots a doorway which he enters to see it’s a kitchen where there are two vampires drinking from cups who show the same look on their eyes and have shock on their faces. He in polite tones requests something to drink which one hands him a cup and a jug which he takes off his mask to put it on a counter to pour himself a cup and drinks it slowly taking his time and once finished with the cup pours himself another cup full which he drinks again then once done licks the cup rim his healing stuff then sets the cup and jug on the counter before putting back on his mask then leaves the kitchen watched by the two vampires. He enters the cafeteria to hear silence from them and sees Bruno in the room who appears to be pausing from a talk with Marioni. He goes to the doorway till he’s a meter away only to find himself facing the opposite direction with a hand holding a knife handle blade pointed towards himself while hearing muffled gasps of shock from the vampires in the room. Bruno he spots is instantly next to him requesting him to hand him the knife while having a glare on his face eyes aimed elsewhere which he hands to Bruno who takes it and he walks out of the room again allowing his feet to take him anywhere while feeling a little lost in his mind while feeling himself watched. His feet leads him to his quarters which he still feeling himself watched enters to close the door behind him going to the wingback armchair to sit with eyes staring at the empty fireplace still feeling lost. A memory of himself as Adair sitting in a chair rocking his form back and forth flashes in his mind while remembering himself chanting words about needing to lead over and over which puts his lost mood to sadness. He takes off mask to lean his head back against the chair eyes still staring at the fireplace while feeling his sadness change to hurt which he rubs a hand on his chest to feel his heart beating from within which he thinks of his children and Arana wondering how they can live their lives without feeling like having no purpose in life like he does. 
He thinks to himself “I have no purpose in life other than being someone’s instrument in their quest in getting what they want. It’s not what I had in mind when I left the Attala forest. Perhaps I should go back to there for I had a life there and live.” He pauses from his thoughts to shut his eyes and dreams of himself without mask back in the Attala forest facing the rundown house with a woman facing him he’s not sure if she’s his mother or his aunt from not able to tell which twin is which. 
He speaks “Why couldn’t I still live in the house? At least I had a purpose in life while living there which I don’t have now.” 
He frowns as the woman stares at him with an unreadable expression on her face. He continues to speak “I had the leadership position as the Vampires’ Leader which another kicked me out with his words believed by the others. Now they won’t see me as their leader but an instrument for gaining their purposes in achieving their goals. I don’t want to be that. I want to lead for I need to do it.” 
He pauses to stare at the ground while folding his arms then continues “I should have insisted to them to return me to the Attala where I would have a purpose in living being myself and living the way I wanted-” 
His talk is cut off by a hand touching his lips covering them. He looks up towards the woman who still has an unreadable expression in her eyes and face left hand covering his mouth which he forces pleading to appear in his eyes while staring at her. He pleads silently with his eyes towards her as she shakes her head no then gently pats his cheek and then the scene goes black. He wakes up still in the chair in the vampires’ stronghold castle and feels rage running through him that gets him to yank on his mask and he slowly walks out of his room to stand in the hallway while feeling himself watched. 
He thinks to himself “I have no purpose except this.” 
He slowly turns away from the watcher he senses is in the hallway watching him then with super blurring speed attacks the watcher a vampire who appears to not know what hits him. He angrily allows himself to lose himself to his rage which he uses his fists repeatedly on the vampire who struggles against him while ranting unaware if he’s saying it mentally or out loud words “I’m a leader I have to lead.” He repeats the words over and over till the vampire stops resisting and goes limp which he stops punching to allow his anger to become full blown rage overtaking him and then walks away slowly into the hallway meeting vampires in hallways and stairwells while traveling in the castle he attacks with his fists while ranting his words unaware he’s speaking them out loud or mentally.  Vincent travels in the castle attacking vampires while ranting his words controlled by his angry rage till he meets a vampire unaware that it is due to his rages controlling him who easily avoids his fists. He angrily rants his words while swinging his fists and doesn’t acknowledge his mask yanked off his face which he continues his assault to find himself kneeling and arms around him in an ironclad hug grip with lips touching his which he rolls his eyes from the charge of pleasure hitting him from the kiss which helps him overcome his rage. He senses his anger still within him which he shuts his eyes and shivers from the kiss broken off to feel his head forced onto a shoulder which he senses belongs to a female form and wraps his arms around her while sensing that she’s not Miranda the elf female while feeling her hands rubbing his head. He still feels angry to feel something like cloth put over his eyes tied to his head that calms him down from his anger to force himself in relaxation. He doesn’t protest as hands pull him from the female and he is blindly guided in the castle up stairways he senses and flat floors he thinks is hallways which stop till he is forced to sit in a chair that feels like a wingback chair in his room. 
His hands each have two pairs of hands holding them in a gentle tight grip which he hears a female voice that makes him think of Arana speaking “Vincent, what’s going on? Talk to me.” 
He keeps his mouth shut as the hands holding his hands release their grips and then he hears the sound of a door close and feels a hand touching his cheek in a gentle rubbing motion that soothes him. 
He reaches up with his hands but is blocked by Arana’s hands gripping them and again hears her speak “Vincent, you were heard ranting ‘I’m a leader I have to lead’ when you were attacking vampires. One of them said that something set you off to attack. What’s going on? Please talk to me, don’t shut me out. I’m your mate I deserve to know what’s paining you.” 
He forms his lips in a thin line and shakes his head no and hears her add about needing to talk to Bruno about something followed her hands releasing their hold on his hands and the door opening and close sound which he yanks off the blindfold to toss it towards the wall and spies his mask on the bed. He slowly gets up walking towards the bathroom going inside to see its features are the same as the vampire leader’s bathroom in his quarters. He goes to the large shower stall going inside and reaches a hand towards the faucet then stops to kneel arms gripping himself as he bursts into tears of blood from his eyes sobbing out of control while rocking his form back and forth. He cries and cries till he feels himself exhausted lays his form onto the tile floor of the shower curling into a ball and shuts his eyes with arms covering his face allows himself to fall asleep.   He dreams of himself as Adair sleeping lying in bed in his clothes which he jerks himself awake. Adair slowly gets up walking towards his bedroom door to open it and walks out of the room as in a trance going down the stairs to the dog’s room which he slowly opens to find no one in it and no dog. He enters the room gently closing the door behind him and stands staring at the door that leads to the hallway which he opens walking out and then goes to the front door quietly opening it to see with night vision night time outside. He walks out closing the door behind him quietly walking into the forest allowing his feet to lead him that take him to a tree which he kneels and with his hands digs at the ground forming a hole which reveals his Vincent clothing which he picks up and stands walking back to the house going inside. He travels through the hallway to the stairwell hallway going to his room which inside he shakes the dirt off the clothes very hard and then folds them putting them away in a dresser drawer then sits on the bed eyes staring at the dresser drawer feeling depressed running through him. He lies on the bed eyes staring at the ceiling and shuts his eyes as scene go black followed by another scene showing the Ashmere house in disrepair. 
He is Vincent wearing vampire clothing in the scene which he kneels to the ground to speak “I can’t take it anymore. I just can’t take the pain. Help me.” 
He rants the words over and over like a mantra while rocking his form back and forth till a hand touches his arm and he finds himself back in the shower stall still lying on the tile floor arms covering his face while feeling a hand touching his arm then the hand grips to pull his arm away from his face. He looks to see Arana kneeling next to him with concern in her face that pulls him towards her which he doesn’t resist. He adjusts his position to kneel putting his face on her shoulder with arms around her while feeling her hands gently rubbing his back and hears her hum a soothing sound which relaxes him to groan a loud sound of pain.  He recalls to himself a few days after his Aunt died and all of the servants dead buried in the garden at night time still wearing his Adair clothing slowly wandering around the house looking around at things not registering them in his mind. Adair is feeling sadness hitting him while staring at the rooms he would stand in the doorways of them to look into them then walk in the hallway to another door opening it to peer into the room. He feels sadness hitting him goes to his Aunt’s office to sit at the desk. Vincent remembering recalls himself as Adair finding a letter from his Aunt sitting on the desk detailing who he was which he struggled to believe sitting there in silence till the mother of his werewolf children arrived into the room. Vincent groaned a soft sound arms still around Arana as he recalled drinking from the woman and raping her before carrying her out of the house to civilization where he speed walked back to the house before the sun arrived. He recalled going to sleep in the bed and at night time changed out of the Adair clothing to Vincent clothing which he buried the Adair clothing then visited his Aunt’s grave speaking his declaration of his name change from Adair to Vincent then going back into the house to the front door where fear kept him inside till he got hunger pains which caused him to go out hunting for something to feed on. He recalled again to himself that after feeding off the bear he walked back to the house guided by the lights and entered it to sit in the office eyes staring at the desk with sadness hitting him hard. He had sat there for a long time till the woman again arrived with a werewolf child with her and he remembering raped her and fed off of her then carried her and child to a road where cars were going down them. He remembering called the child Italy and then left those traveling towards the house where it was getting daylight faster than he could walk went to a run down house to sit in the basement to sleep."

He heard thunder and lightening from the window outside to glimpsed the ocean looking violently angry. 
He groaned to hear from Sora "Ignore that mess outside Ancient One. Fishla welcome that mess to arrive. Makes the giver of life plentiful with nourishment."
Vincent recalled to himself "Giver of Life is Fishla speak for water."
He walked away from the window to sit his back against the wall while having Sora glowing floating above him illuminating the room with her glowing status. He didn't comment a response as he sat down to feel a vibration from Sora.
Vincent spoke in response figuring out that Sora wanted him to continue telling the story of the Vincent he figured was himself but didn't say it to her.

Chapter Nine
"Vincent wound up shutting his eyes and forced himself to relax feeling Arana’s hands rubbing his back in a gentle soothing rhythm which soothed him. He found himself back at the Ashmere house staring at it with a frown on his face. He felt a hand touch his left arm looked to see Arana standing next to him with a questioning look in her eyes and face head gesturing towards the house. 
He looked away to stare at the house and heard his Aunt’s voice speaking “I did not raise you to keep secrets about your life as Adair, Vincent. Tell her.” 
He frowned but spoke out loud to Arana “The house is where I grew up as Adair.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as Arana walked in his line of sight to put arms around him in a hug with her chin on his shoulder. He stared at the house and placed arms around Arana leaning his head against hers as blackness arrived. Vincent found himself back in the bathroom still hugged by Arana with his arms around her. He heard soft steps into the room and felt Arana stiffened before her form relaxed.  
He heard her speak “Vincent, why are you hesitant to tell people about your life as Adair?”
He adjusted his face till his forehead was touching her neck and spoke “I didn’t like my life as Adair being raised by my Aunt. Jerusha is her name but she preferred to be referred as Aunt with me and even among the servants living in the house.  She sort of had me wear my hair a certain way along with wearing uncomfortable clothing when around her and going around the house.”
Vincent paused and heard Arana spoke “Would leading people have something to do with it?”
He spoke “Sort of. I think the leadership urge was from my mother, Jerrilyn is her name. I’m aware that she died after I was born and she’s my Aunt’s look a like sister. My Aunt gave me a book with my parents’ names on it after I learned to read, telling me to read it for my personal enjoyment. I have read it too many times over the years and what fascinated me about the story was Jerilyn acted like a leader when she had a relationship with my father, Adam is his name. He according to the book was not human but some other race species. I didn’t know what he was till I actually met him and learned that he was a vampire.”
He felt Arana stiffen from his arms around her which he paused then he continued speaking “Anyway my Aunt and the servants got sick with some blood related illness which later killed my Aunt. I drank from her and became a full vampire and controlled by the urge to feed put the servants out of their misery. I discovered a letter written by my Aunt just prior to her death which I read talked about there being some medical procedure done on me when I was a baby that changed me to a vampire partially. I didn’t become a full vampire till after my Aunt died.”
He paused to feel a hand touch the top of his head that he felt wasn’t Arana’s due to both of her hands touching his back. 
He felt the hand gently rub his head and heard Bruno’s voice speaking “Vincent, are you alright? I heard what you said.”
Vincent slowly raised his head from Arana to face Bruno standing behind her who had a frown on his face. 
He spoke “I don’t know.”
He stared at Bruno as the vampire handed him a wet wash cloth while speaking “Here wash your face.” 
He let go of Arana who let go of him which he took the wash cloth and gave his face a hard scrub wiping away the blood stains on his cheeks. He lowered his hands holding the wash cloth to stare at Arana who took the cloth from him and handed it to Bruno who placed it in the sink. He stared at Arana who had a frown on her face as she took his hand and stood up gently pulling him to a standing position which he didn’t protest or resist. He allowed Arana following Bruno to pull him from the bathroom into the other room which she led him to a wingback chair and pushed him to sit into it. He sat as Arana wedged herself between his legs while standing and felt her arms go around him in a hug which he wrapped his arms around her in response burying the side of his face on her. He kept his mouth shut as he saw Bruno standing his line of sight with an expression of thinking on his face.
A thought came to his mind and he spoke out loud “Bruno, do you have defenses against throwing knives?”
Vincent eyed Bruno whose thinking expression turned into a frown before shaking his head in a no gesture. He turned his face away to bury it into Arana’s front as he heard the sound of a door opening and closing. He felt Arana lean down moving herself a bit from him which he stared at her as she kissed him on the lips. He rolled his eyes from the feeling of pleasure hitting him from her lips touching his. Next thing he knew he was naked lying on top of a without clothes on Arana on the bed and he was pumping furiously in and out of her while repeatedly kissing her on the lips. He felt her hands on his shoulders nails digging in them as he did his thrusting while feeling charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her. With a roar he spilled himself inside her and shook from the intense charge of pleasure hitting him as he sensed her doing the same. Vincent collapsed on top of Arana while feeling his heart beating wildly from the mating. He felt his heart slow to normal rhythm as he relaxed his form while on top of Arana who he sensed was relaxing from the mating. He felt Arana’s hands rubbing his shoulders in a gentle soothing rhythm as he gently pulled out of her and lay on his side besides her. He brought a hand to her abdomen and looked at her questioningly. 
He saw a frown appear on her face as she spoke “I had an operation. I don’t want to talk more about it.” 
Vincent took his hand from Arana’s abdomen to one of her hands and gripped it as he shut his eyes falling asleep. He came to with Arana gone from the bed and no where in sight as he sat up. He heard nothing from the bathroom got up and went to his clothes putting them on along with the mask. He heard the sound of the bells ringing grimaced and walked out of the bedroom into the hallway walking fast towards the throne room. He reached the throne room and stood in one of the room’s entrances with arms folded watching the vampires in the room kneel with heads touching the ground as Bruno entered the room from an entrance on his right walking towards the chair appearing to not notice him. Vincent eyed the vampires and frowned noticing one of them sit up as Bruno walked to the chair. He kept his eye on the vampire as Bruno he noticed sat in the chair and then stiffened seeing the kneeling vampire pull out a knife throwing it at Bruno who didn’t seem to notice it. Vincent found himself holding a knife handle in his hand inches away from Bruno looking surprised with his side facing the vampire, blade pointed towards Bruno’s chest. Vincent eyed the vampire who threw the knife to see he was bent down with head on the ground appearing to look like the other kneeling vampires. 
He heard Bruno hiss “Up.” 
Vincent stepped back and lowered his hand still holding the knife as Bruno continued to hiss “Vincent, may I have the knife please?”
He handed the knife to Bruno who took it and then with super speed went back to stand in his former standing spot with arms folded. 
Vincent watched Bruno who added “Who will come forward for their child to be named?”
He eyed the kneeling vampires that looked among themselves till one he recognized as Marioni stood up speaking “I heard talk among others in the city talking about naming their children themselves and not by you. The talk also mentioned that the elves, werewolves and some of the vampires don’t see you worthy as vampire leader for they see another worthy of the position. The people refused to talk who they are viewing as vampire leader when I asked them about it.” 
Vincent frowned as Marioni went back to kneel as he turned his attention towards Bruno who had a frowning look in his eyes with mouth in a thin line. He felt pain in his chest as darkness arrived filling up his eye sight and he looked down to see the ground reaching up towards him and then went unconscious. He woke up lying in bed that took him a few to recognize the room as his bedroom and sat up to see Bruno sitting in the wingback chair looking upset judging by his face expression. 
He stared at Bruno who spoke in a broken voice tone “Arana was found in a hallway dead heart cut out of her chest with it lying next to her appearing to be stabbed many times.”
He felt himself go numb hearing Bruno’s words as he brought a hand to his chest and felt no beat from his heart inside him. 
He heard Bruno continue to speak still using the broken voice “Arana was someone who I valued as a mate.”
He frowned but got up from the bed as Bruno went silent eyes staring at the floor with sadness in them. 
Vincent walked to Bruno to place a hand on his shoulder as he spoke “Don’t worry whoever killed her will be found. I’ll find them even if I have to tear the castle apart.” 
Vincent stared at Bruno who nodded his head as the vampire spoke “I like to be alone for awhile so leave me.” 
He released his hold on Bruno’s shoulder to walk to the door opening it and walked out closing the door behind him. 
He felt the numbness lowered its ebb frowned as he heard a voice sounding like Italy’s crying “Daddy help!”
He looked in the hallway both directions to see no one in sight and frowned as he felt a pulling sensation that compelled him in a direction which he allowed to take control walking in hallways and stair wells till he came upon a metal door. He opened it going through the doorway to see a hallway with metal gates on both sides that reminded him of the prison room he stayed in where he met Arana. He walked further into the hallway eyeing the prison rooms on both sides of him till he heard groaning sounds darted towards it. He reached a gate on his left to stand staring with shock seeing his children inside lying on the floor groaning loudly who were struggling to wake up while both grimacing of pain on their faces. He brought both hands to the gate gripping the bars as he jerked feeling hands grabbing his arms in an ironclad grip yanking him from it to turn him on his left side. He faced a male vampire he recognized as Leonard the one who challenged Bruno to a fight and lost. 
Vincent fisted his hands as Leonard spoke in a sneering voice tone “Next time Bruno that foolish vampire calling himself vampire leader shows up at the throne room, I expect you elsewhere or else.”
He bared his teeth as Leonard leaned forwards and added lowering his voice “I know those two werewolves are your progeny which the proof is their faces is the same as yours. If I were you I’ll stay out of the throne room period.” 
He felt himself freed as Leonard faded from view disappearing from his eye sight. He turned to face his children he saw were still struggling to wake up and watched them give up forms going still with chests moving up and down. He stared at his children who lay asleep and leaned his form against the bars folding his arms eyes still on them. 
Vincent heard a voice whispering sounding like his father speaking “Go to the cafeteria and get some thing to drink. You need it to free your children and to fight for survival.” 
He felt pressure on his shoulder as if a hand touched him there then the pressure stopped. He straightened his form from the bars and walked out of the prison room guided by a pulling sensation taking several hallways and stairwells till he reached the cafeteria room that was empty of people. He eyed the doorway that led to the kitchen hearing no sound coming from it walked towards it going through it. Vincent stood in the kitchen and looked around feeling a little confused till his eye focused on a large metal like rectangular box that fell from the floor to over his head with handles on it and as if drawn went to it. He gripped a handle and pulled it open to feel cold air blowing from the inside of it to spot rows of jugs appearing to hold blood in them. Vincent grabbed a jug by the handle and took it out closing the metal box’s door he figured was a refrigerator and went to a counter settling the jug on top. He yanked off his mask putting it next to the jug and opened a cupboard to spot rows of cups which he took one out closing the door. He grabbed the jug and poured himself a cup full in the cup and drank gulping the contents feeling the numbness leave him followed by hunger hitting him hard. Vincent once done with the cup heard the bells ringing sounding and felt his feet refusing to move from them feeling too heavy. He felt hunger still hitting him poured another cup and gulped down the contents. He eyed the jug feeling his hunger still hitting him very hard set down the cup on the counter and brought the jug’s lip to his mouth and drank its contents gulping most of it down. 
Vincent felt his hunger leave him as he heard a voice whispering sounding like his father’s saying “Drink all of it. You need it.” 
He obeyed drinking the rest of the jug’s contents till there was nothing left in it and once done licked the rim he thought to himself “I think I’ll just call the stuff I lick after drinking healer for it always closes wounds after I drink.”
Vincent once done licking placed the jug on the counter and felt himself sleepy eyed the floor seeing it was shiny and hard as the heaviness feeling in his feet left him. He grabbed his mask putting it on covering his head and sat down sitting on the floor and leaned his back against the lower cupboard cabinet then shut his eyes allowing sleepiness to hit him passing out. 
Vincent dreamed his memory of meeting Arana in the prison cell locked in with him and hearing Bruno’s words saying with confusion in them “Who’s Arana and where she is?”
This was followed by another memory of himself in his bedroom seeing Bruno sitting in the wingback chair looking upset who spoke in a broken voice tone saying “Arana was someone who I valued as a mate.”
The scene changed to show the Ashmere Manor house where Vincent stood facing it feeling confusion running through him. Vincent felt a hand on his shoulder turned his head to his right to see with shock his father looking concerned on his face. 
He stared at his father who spoke “Vincent, you were raised to think smartly which is what you should be doing regarding Arana’s murder.” 
Vincent frowned as the memories he dreamed popped in his mind and stiffened with shock still running through him as he spoke out loud “Bruno.” 
His father spoke “Yes Bruno. You remember Bruno’s words at your first meeting Arana and his words to you after he told you of Arana’s murder. What does that tell you?”
He frowned to speak out loud “Bruno lied to me about Arana.” 
His father spoke “Yes I know. We’re watching.” 
The scene went black as he felt a fist connect with his masked face shook his head and found himself in a kneeling position with hands holding his arms which he raised his head to face Bruno looking angry. 
He stared at Bruno who spoke “You bastard, how dare you knife me after serving me.”
Vincent felt himself confused as Bruno added “You figured out that I ordered Arana’s death and tried to knife me in retaliation. You and your progeny will pay for this.” 
He opened his mouth as Bruno faded from view and felt himself freed from the vampires’ hold. 
He got up from the floor and spoke out loud “Italy, Vivian.”
He darted out of the kitchen through the cafeteria to the hallway and ran to the prison room after taking several hallways and stairwells till he reached the cell. He stood staring at his children who were still lying in their cell unconscious. Groaning Vincent opened the gate and walked into the cell towards his children. Vincent kneeled and placed a hand on Italy’s chest to feel his breathing slow and sensed that his son like his sister was drugged hence they still asleep. He groaned and sat back leaning against the wall and picked up his son and daughter putting them both sideways on his lap while having an arm around the both of them. He shut his eyes and dreamed of himself back at the Ashmere Manor. He stood facing the twins and his father who all had unreadable looks on their faces. 
Vincent frowned as one twin sounding like his Aunt spoke “I’m afraid you’re going to have to sacrifice your children.”
He sputtered out “But-“
His Aunt interrupted “Their hindering your mission, Vincent. You’ll have to sacrifice them.”
His face fell as he stared at his Aunt as his mother spoke “Don’t worry there’ll come a time when another will take their place.” 
Blackness arrived as he spoke “I don’t want another but them.”
He came to feel the children gone from his arms and he heard a sucking sound sounding like a vampire was feeding which he jerked his eyes open to see Bruno in the cell drinking from an unconscious Vivian. Italy he saw was lying nearby skin pale and chest still looking dead to him. 
He felt himself restrained by an invisible force and his mouth forced shut as he protested mentally repeating “No, no.” 
Vincent heard whispering sounding like his father’s voice “Don’t worry about them. The Attala awaits them with open arms.” 
Vincent felt numbness arrive within him as Bruno finished his sucking to drop Vivian onto the floor then walk away going to the gate fence that was humming of electricity loudly to stand back to him speaking “Hey let me out!”
He felt himself freed as Bruno repeated his words and he got up from the ground to stand with arms forced into a folded position. 
He yelled “Shut up Bruno!”
Vincent saw Bruno stiffened before turning around to face him with a frown on his face and fear in his eyes. 
He heard his father’s voice speaking “Repeat after me. I’ll get Bruno to confess his crimes.” 
Vincent spoke repeating his father’s words “What’s the point of having Arana die?”
He stared at Bruno who appeared to gulp before speaking “It was just punishment for attacking the other vampires which was a no, no according to vampire law.” 
He narrowed his eyes fisting his hands as he spoke “You sure about that Bruno? I don’t buy your words.”
He felt himself taking a step forward as Bruno spoke with fear in his voice “Alright I’ll admit it that Arana was Leonard’s sister. I had her killed to teach him a lesson and to keep you from changing your support.”
Vincent heard a loud voice with a sneering voice tone speaking from behind Bruno “Well, so that’s what you did to her, my baby sister Arana.” 
He saw Bruno spun around to face the gate which he saw three vampires standing behind it one he recognized as Leonard. 
Vincent heard Bruno speak “Let me out of here. I as your vampire leader command you to do that.” 
He frowned as Leonard gave out a laugh and the vampire spoke “Ex-vampire leader. I’m vampire leader and your not. You’re in no position to give out any orders, Bruno.” 
Vincent heard Bruno speak “The others won’t support you like they have supported me-“
Vincent frowned as Leonard interrupted “They have already given me their support which I already have from the other races the elves and the werewolves.”  
He eyed Bruno who spoke “Leonard, please.”
Vincent saw Leonard eye him with his eyes before the vampire spoke “Vincent, as your vampire leader I’m ordering you to execute Bruno for the deaths of Arana and your children.” 
He unfolded his arms and walked towards Bruno who protested “No! Leonard, I’m begging you please!”
Vincent reached Bruno to twist the vampire around with his hands and then grabbed Bruno’s neck with a hand lifting him up dangling his feet gagging him. Vincent saw fear in the eyes of Bruno while feeling the vampire’s form shake from it. Vincent swung Bruno’s form towards the humming gate and threw Bruno towards it who hit the gate with body jerking from the electricity running threw him. He saw the fear look remained on Bruno’s face as the vampire’s body jerked with eyes shattering from eye sockets followed by the body burst into fire that engulfed the entire form till there was nothing left. Vincent heard the gate’s electrical humming stop as the gate was forced open by a fourth vampire appearing into view. 
He stared at Leonard who spoke “Escort Vincent to his quarters.” 
He didn’t say a word of protest as he walked out of the cell to follow a vampire walking towards the door which he followed walking a maze of hallways and stairwells till they reached a door. He recognized as the one he stayed in with Arana opened the door and walked inside closing it behind him. He stood in the middle of the room and eyed the bathroom doorway which he entered the bathroom to stand in front of the sink. He yanked off his mask putting it on the sink and fell to his knees crawling into the shower stall. He felt numbness leave him followed by intense sadness hitting him as tears spilled from his eyes which he kneeled arms around him rocking his form back and forth. He cried sounds of anguish as the tears flowed from his eyes dripping onto the floor staining it with the redness of the blood. He curled into a ball putting hands on his face as he continued to cry out his sounds as the sadness remained. 
He spoke moaning out “Italy, Vivian and Arana.” 
He cried himself till his eyes stopped dripping tears and his throat stopped giving him the ability to cry noises. He sat up and eyed the shower faucet reaching a hand towards it and felt pressure on his shoulders. 
He heard “Daddy, no.” 
The voice he heard unsure of whether it was by ears or in his head was Italy’s. 
He heard the voice speak again as he again reached for the faucet “Don’t abandon her, Daddy. She needs you. You need her.”
He shut his eyes as an image of a female elf flashed in his mind that he recognized as Miranda looking unhappy with a sad look on her face. He opened his eyes and slowly dragged himself up from the floor. He went to the sink and grabbed a washcloth wetting it and washed his face thoroughly with it till he felt his face clean. Vincent grabbed his mask and walked out of the bathroom to the bed he eyed with relief on his face. He placed the mask on covering his head and laid his form onto the bed on his back shutting his eyes allowing sleep to come to him. Vincent slept unknowingly of the time. He woke up with a jerk feeling himself much better but still sad and felt something poking his back from lying on the bed. He sat up and felt his back underneath his shirt and felt nothing but heard a faint humming sound which he yanked off his mask and then his shirt with cape attached to peer at it. He saw attached to the shirt underneath the cape was a round circular disk that had a red light blinking from it. He frowned wondering what it was as a memory of himself walking in the cafeteria with other vampires there who were busy whispering among each other and looking at him with fear looks before going into the kitchen to feed. He examined the object and with a frown yanked it off the shirt then placed it next to him on the bed before putting on his shirt. He put on his mask and then grabbed the object and walked out of his quarters walking a maze of hallways and stairwells using his instincts to go to the cafeteria. He heard loud vampire voices as he neared the cafeteria suddenly become whispers which he eyed the object in his hand and then walked into the room to spot Leonard standing in the room whispering to Marioni. Vincent spoke “Leonard, what is this?”
He held up the object in his hand as whispering in the room stopped and Leonard looked at him as the others did. 
Vincent spoke waving the object “I found this attached to my shirt. What is this anyway?”
Vincent frowned seeing a big frown appear on Leonard’s face with nervousness in his eyes. 
He stared at Leonard as Marioni spoke “It’s just a tracking device to track where you’re going in the castle for your safety.” 
Vincent echoed “My safety?”
Marioni spoke “It’s to keep you from getting hurt when traveling in the castle.”
Vincent spoke “I’m fine traveling in the castle. Don’t need that thing.”
He tossed it to the floor in front of Leonard who he noticed had a glare in his eyes. 
Leonard spoke “As your vampire leader I insist you wear it, Vincent.” 
Vincent spoke with annoyance in his voice “I don’t give a care whether your vampire leader or not. I’m not wearing it.”   
He folded his arms his eyes on Leonard who’s glare look become more glaring. He saw Leonard jerk his head and felt hands grab his arms which he jerked them forward throwing off the vampires’ hold that hit the floor with groans. 
He glared at Leonard who spoke “I’m your vampire leader and I expect you-“
He interrupted “Your not vampire leader, I am.” 
He saw Leonard bare his teeth at him as Marioni spoke in a loud voice “Well put it to vote. Who wants Vincent as vampire leader? Raise your hand.”
He looked around the room with his eyes noticing that none of the vampires raised their hands as they all looked at him with fear looks in their eyes. 
He growled a soft sound as Marioni kept speaking “Leonard? Raise your hand.”
He fisted his hands as he saw every vampire except Leonard raised one of their hands in the air. 
Marioni again spoke “Leonard is vampire leader as voted. Orders vampire leader?”
Vincent turned his eyes towards Leonard who bent down picking up the tracking device and straightened his form. 
Leonard spoke “My first order is Vincent is to wear this tracking device period.” 
He felt hands grab his arms pulling him forwards which he gave off a loud growling sound as he was brought towards Leonard. He growled loudly as he saw Leonard hand Marioni the tracking device and watched the vampire fade from view. He felt his cape manipulated followed by pressure on his back on top of his shirt and heard the familiar faint humming like sound. He felt himself freed pointed a finger at Leonard and waved a fist then stormed out of the cafeteria using super speed to dart to his quarters which he walked inside slamming the door. He yanked off his mask and threw it onto the bed then charged towards a wall throwing a fist into it. The wall cracked around his fist leaving a round imprint as he removed his hand. He snarled an angry sound and roared an inhuman angry cry sound and stormed to another wall throwing a fist into it. The wall like the previous one cracked around his fist leaving a round imprint as he removed his hand. He went to the fireplace and placed both hands on the mantel to leaning forwards eyes staring at the brick part of the fireplace. He shut his eyes and then opened them straightening his form before walking to the wing back chair to sit leaning back in it while feeling the device digging into his back despite it attached to his shirt. He leaned his head back and shut his eyes and dreamed of himself back at Ashmere Manor. He folded his arms staring at the house’s disrepair. Vincent felt a hand on his shoulder looked to see his father who had an unreadable expression on his face. 
Vincent spoke “I wanted to be vampire leader.” 
He stared at his father whose expression remained the same as he continued speaking “Their looking at me with fear looks in their eyes. I saw it in their eyes when they looked at me. I was ordered to wear a tracking device on my back on top of my clothes. They don’t trust me hence I’m wearing the tracking device. I don’t think I’ll get out of them why their afraid of me. Also they don’t talk normally when I’m around them. They whisper their words in my presence which tells me their afraid to have me hear their conversation.”
He paused as his father’s hand gently rubbed his shoulder and he continued to speak “I feel like I’m being outcast by the vampires my own people who won’t look at me as one of their own but some freak of nature.” 
He felt tears flow from his eyes as he bowed his head to stare at the dirt ground and added “Why can’t they see me as one of their own? I was alone when I lived in the house and I got three others to keep me company by converting them into vampires. Why did you have me leave the house? I had the respect and leadership I wanted from me staying at the house with those three. Instead I’m alone among the vampires who won’t see me as one of their own but some freak which has me upset.”
He rubbed his hands on his eyes and found himself back in the wing back chair with tears flowing from his eyes. He opened his eyes and lowered his head till he was staring at his hands on his lap as tears flowed some more. Vincent sat as tears stopped flowing and heard the loud bell ringing noise which he grimaced from the sound. He groaned out loud and got up from the chair going into the bathroom where he went to the sink and grabbed a wash cloth. He wetted the wash cloth underneath the sink faucet which turned on automatically and then brought the cloth to his face scrubbing hard wiping away the blood stains from his face. He scrubbed till he felt his face clean and tossed the wash cloth on the sink faucet then walked out of the bathroom to the bed grabbing his mask and felt tiredness hitting him hard. He placed the mask on covering his head and laid his form onto the bed shutting his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. His nose smelled something that made him jerk his eyes open feeling his mask off his face and he stared with shock at Marioni leaning over him that lifted up a bag of dark red liquid shutting it closed. 
Vincent stared at Marioni who spoke “About time you woke up, Vincent.”
He sat up feeling the mask in his right hand gripping it as Marioni straightened his form and added “Vampire Leader is in the infirmary getting stitched up from a knife wound in his shoulder.”
He frowned hearing Marioni’s words who continued “One of the vampires Jeanette threw a knife at Vampire Leader and blamed you as the culprit whom he for some reason wasn’t buying her words. Vampire Leader told Jeanette that he saw her throw a knife at him before with you catching it along with hearing rumors of her saying that she wanted her mate Armand as vampire leader and will do what it takes to get him in the position.”
Vincent formed a frown on his face as Marioni paused then continued to speak “Vampire Leader revealed to me alone that the elves told him from scans of your mind that you have some mind control restraint which prevents you from hurting people with any object whether their weapons or not from a necklace pendant on your form.”
Vincent frowned some more forming it on his face hearing Marioni’s words as the vampire added “Vampire Leader gave me orders before he was knocked out for the stitching which I’m currently following."

Chapter Ten
Vincent again paused to lean his head back against the wall he feeling his blonde hair not clad in its familiar barrette he took from his Aunt's room in her house in the Attala forest. He groaned to feel Sora's vibration lowered his head and spoke the story this time changing language uses.

"Marioni takes Vincent to the cafeteria room and told to stay there. He goes to the kitchen to feed and is handed a jug by a vampire who he drinks and realizes too late that it’s not blood which he wound up retching it all up and gets a bit sick while watched by other vampires. He hears one say that he’s rejecting blood and shouldn’t drink any of it period. Vincent tries to protest but the vampires don’t listen haul him out of the kitchen and keep him out which he goes to a corner to stand with arms folded while feeling a bit sick. He stands as a vampire comes up holding a knife and challenges him to fight another vampire using knives as choice of weapon. Vincent sees another vampire in the room holding a knife and swinging it in his direction while standing away from him. He accepts the challenge feels something around his neck as the challenger fights him and gets a bad headache that prevents him from defending himself. Vincent gets grabbed on the arms by two vampires and a third that holds his hand holding the knife as a fourth lifts up his shirt which the challenger stabs him in the chest right over the heart area and knocks him out. He wakes up finding himself in a box like a coffin and hears his father’s voice instructing him on how to get out which was to push the head part of the coffin forward which he does making an opening and then slides himself out to find himself in a catacomb and realizes it’s the basement part of the castle. He finds himself still wearing clothes and his mask on his face and wearing the necklace which he takes off and explores the catacombs and hears water splashing sounds which he follows to see its appearing to come from a head size hole in the ground. He tosses in the necklace and hears listening for a long time before there’s a splashing sound that tells him the necklace hit the water. He then drops his pants and underwear and uses the hole as his bathroom while rolling his eyes as he relieves himself. He finds the drug is out of his system but he’s still weak. He travels to the cafeteria room to hear loud voices become whispering that become silent as he enters the room that tells him he’s still wearing the tracking device. He sees Leonard standing with widen eyes that looks shocked to see him as he notices some of the other vampires are looking with the same eye look. He heads to the kitchen and is blocked by two vampires waving their hands at him while hearing Leonard order him to not feed period while adding that he rejected blood that’ll make him sick. Vincent gets a little put out by that as Leonard orders him to go to the brig and stay there which his arms is grabbed and he is forced out of the kitchen finding his strength to fight is gone and hauled to the brig to a cell where he is pushed inside and hears the gate close behind him while giving off electricity. He goes to sit back leaning against the wall and sleeps till the smell of blood wakes him up and he opens his eyes to see Marioni with other vampires standing in the cell one holding a bag which he finds himself having some strength gets up fast and knocks out the vampires then grabs the bag and drinks it all up only to realize too late it wasn’t all blood but part of it blood and other part something else which he stumbles out of the cell to another cell and throws up the contents feeling himself more sicker and his strength to walk is gone which he kneels with back to the gate putting on mask to put hands on his stomach area and shuts his eyes struggling to overcome the weakness feeling hitting him. He hears the gate slam close behind him along with electricity humming and he lays his form on the floor curling into a ball shutting his eyes passing out unconscious. He comes to smelling blood that calls him to feed and overtakes his senses which he yanks off his mask and with a hand holding it gets up and stumbles towards the gate that is open and spies a large jug of blood like liquid in it which he kneels dropping the mask and lifts the jug to his lips forcing himself to sip it for taste and allowing his senses to tell him if it is blood or not. His senses tell him its completely blood which he gulps down drinking the entire jug’s contents till there’s nothing left and then licks the rim his healer stuff while feeling himself better with some strength returning but isn’t at full strength. He stumbles back into the cell and sits with back leaning on the wall and shuts his eyes falling asleep passing out unconscious. Vincent wakes up feeling himself a bit better but still not at full strength wakes up to see the gate open and Marioni comes into the cell which he sits up with a glare on his face while holding the mask in his right hand. He glares at Marioni who insists to him to come to the infirmary for testing which he follows eyes narrowed boring at the vampire’s back and reaches the infirmary through a set of double doors to see a well lighted room with ten beds jutting from the walls in a semi circle and beeping machinery at the heads of the beds. He spots Leonard lying in a bed with a pained look on his face and sees an elf standing next to him which the elf turns around and sees him orders him to lie on a bed which he does and is told to pull up his shirt which he obeys. He eyes the elf that waves a device over his heart area then puts device in his pocket then holds up a knife in his eyes sight while facing Leonard and demonstrates the blade retracting to show a needle in its place and says that Vincent was stabbed with such a weapon commonly used by elves and that the syringe had a sleep drug that put him out. He sees Leonard give off a pained groan noise as the elf asks Vincent for a blood sample through needle syringe which he rolls up his sleeve while putting down his shirt. Vincent doesn’t comment as the elf injects a syringe in his arm which fills up with blood then takes it out to put in the machine at the head of the bed where Leonard is lying in. He licks the needle hole shut with his tongue then sits up as the elf asks Leonard his age who says that he’s in his third decade which the elf says that the blood test suggests that Leonard is older than that. He frowns as Leonard says that he’s in his eighth decade and then the elf says that Leonard needs to go to the hospital for the blood test reveal a tumor growth somewhere in the vampire’s body that is interfering with his body functions hence he having fainting spells. Vincent gives Leonard a glare that protests saying that he doesn’t want to go to the hospital and would rather put up with the fainting spells. He hears the elf give off a harrumph sound and then the elf asks him how old he is. He speaks that he doesn’t know for the last time his age was mentioned to him was when he was in his first decade as a child and hasn’t been mentioned to him again. Vincent hears the elf give off a hmm as he notices is staring at the monitor device above Leonard’s head and hears the elf say that Vincent is in his third decade according to the blood test but suspects that Vincent is way older than that from hearing Vincent living his life in the Attala forest as the son of a vampire legend which the first sighting of the legendary vampire happened over a hundred years ago who people seeing the legendary vampire heard him mentioned to them about having a son named Adair who has been pointed to be Vincent himself. Vincent gets an image of his werewolf children mentions that he fathered two werewolf children he names as Italy and Vivian through raping a Human female twice who visit his home in the Attala forest in two visits and wound up expecting each child after the rape and adds that an ex vampire leader named Bruno killed the children by feeding off them which he wound up executing Bruno for that.  He frowns as the elf looks at him and then speaks that the average age for werewolf life span is sixth decade with some of them lucky to reach their seventh decade. The elf adds that the two Vincent mentioned were autopsied and appeared that they had tumor growths in critical areas in their mind organs where an operation would kill them a diagnose they would both aware of and the two mentioned to the doctors that they were going to inform Vincent their father of that and it appears that they never got the chance to do it as Vincent looks shocked to hear that. He hears the elf continue to speak that Italy and Vivian were in their seventh decade who both had werewolf mates that both passed away a decade ago and that the children each had two children male and female all elves who are still living. Vincent feels himself numb hearing that as the elf mentions that his work is done and there’s nothing much for him to do bents down and picks up a bag and leaves the room following Marioni out. He frowns as he hears Leonard speak that he expects Vincent to keep his mouth shut about his diagnose or he’ll make sure Vincent doesn’t get any blood to feed on. Vincent frowns puts mask on and then feeling curious asks Leonard why he won’t go to the hospital who in response glares at him and speaks with a fear tone that its none of his business and ordered to leave the infirmary. He leaves and feels a pull sensation that takes him to the brig where he goes to a cell and lays his form on the floor with back leaning on the wall and shuts his eyes falling asleep. He dreams of the Ashmere Manor house and meets his father there who tells him that every living thing has a purpose in life and that they were aware of Italy and Vivian’s diagnose had Bruno order them captured and drugged then got the vampire Bruno to feed off them to give them a painless death to avoid suffering from a slow body break down from the tumor growing in their mind organ that would slowly interfere with their functions.  Vincent speaks that he feels like he’s out of touch with the world from living in the house and hears his father interrupt that it was why they had him leave the house to join the world and stop living isolated among ghosts. He frowns as his father continues to speak that the twins Madrid and Milan were heard discussing in the forest about traveling away from the house towards civilization and that the twins wanted to be with other people instead of being isolated in the house with Vincent. He frowns forming it on his face as his father adds that the time for Vincent to be vampire leader will come when the time is right but not now or soon for he’ll let Vincent know when the time arrives. Vincent opens his mouth to speak and then blackness arrives and he comes to find himself still lying in the cell with back leaning against the wall and there’s pressure on his leg like a hand touching him there and shaking the area. He jerks open his eyes to sit up and sees Marioni with a frown on the vampire’s face. He frowns as Marioni speaks that Leonard calling him vampire leader fell unconscious in front of too many vampires in the cafeteria and they couldn’t revive him no matter how they tried and had to transport him to the hospital who reported that vampire leader had a tumor in his mind organ which they took out but their not sure how affected vampire leader is and is still waiting for him to wake up from the induced coma for the operation to see how he is functioning. Vincent gets up and then asks Marioni about Arana asking if she was near Vampire leader’s age which Marioni says that she was nearly in her eighth decade. Vincent asks if Arana had a mate which Marioni confirms by saying that she and her brother both had werewolf mates that both passed away two decades ago. Marioni mentions that vampire leader had a son who is a Human that suffered the same tumor ailment and wound up losing his functions from the neck down and currently living in an assisted facility. He frowns as Marioni adds that Arana had a tumor ailment with an organ that carries offspring found after an operation to take out her baby appearing to be in distress a Human daughter who didn’t live to see the next day and that the operation has been a sore subject with Arana who has repeatedly refused to talk about it whenever its been brought up.  Vincent doesn’t say much but clamps his mouth shut as Marioni requests him to come along which he wordlessly follows out of the brig walking a maze of stairwells and hallways till they reach the cafeteria and he again hears the vampires whispering in low tones as he notices some looking at him with different ranges of emotions on their faces and eyes. Vincent goes to a corner to stand with arms folded watching the vampires whispering among each other and notices Marioni busy having a conversation with two vampires a male and a female he recognizes as the one who threw the knife at Leonard he himself caught the knife figures to himself that she’s Jeannette, Marioni mentioned to him some time ago. He sees Marioni finish talking as another vampire goes up to him holding out a knife and says that a vampire has challenged him to a knife fight. He hears silence in the room as the vampires stop talking eyes on him. He hears Marioni insist that he accept which he speaks that Marioni isn’t vampire leader and so is himself which only vampire leader can order him to accept the challenge which he is refusing period. Vincent hears the vampire holding the knife out to him say that its vampire law for vampires challenged in knife fights to accept. Vincent gives of a laugh and speaks that the vampire law thing is an excuse to get him to fight so they can kill him like they did with a previous fight and he’s still refusing. He hears grumbles among the vampires in the room them talking about him refusing the challenge. He hears Marioni call him a coward whom he speaks that he doesn’t give a care and then Marioni says that Vincent had something to do with Arana’s death. Vincent gets a little annoyed yanks off his mask which vampires become silent and he walks towards Marioni which two vampires get in the way and block him by waving their hands at him. Vincent speaks that Marioni’s words were hurtful for he had forgotten most of his life as Adair till the memories came back and some of them were painful which Arana being there for him gave him sympathy and an ear to listen as he mentioned some of the memories to her. He adds that he would rather have Marioni’s room than the room he used to stay in for Arana comforted him there and he doesn’t want to be reminded of that again. He points a finger at Marioni then fisted the hand and then walks out of the room going a maze of hallways and stairwells till he reaches a set of windows showing a cloudy sky stormy sky outside and the ocean is moving like its windy which he puts on mask and leans against the windows as the memory of mating with Arana comes to his mind and bothers him. He leaves the windows to a hallway and sits down with back leaning against the wall and yanks off his mask putting it on his lap and shut his eyes and dreams himself as Adair having a birthday party as a grown man. He sees his Aunt talking to the male who he remembering threw the birthday cake into his face. He sees her appearing to be laughing and telling the male something words unheard and then the male walks out of the room which he eyes his Aunt who frowns staring at him. Then the male arrives carrying the birthday cake setting it down in front of him then pushes it in his face which people in the room laugh and he sees his Aunt looking amused go up to him and take him out of the room to a bathroom to wash off the cake stuff on his face. The scene changes to show the ballroom where people are dancing to a band playing and he sees his Aunt talking to a female with a smirking laugh look in her face with words unheard from her away from him. He watches as his Aunt stops talking and goes up to him and tells him to ask the girl to dance which he notices an amused look in her eyes. He goes up to the girl asking her to dance and is refused by her laughing at him which he walks away and is met by his Aunt who speaking in foreign language then in his language tells him to go to the garden which he does and later sees the male who tosses the cake in his face there along with the female who refused him kissing each other. Scene changes to himself standing in a hallway ear on the door listening as his Aunt are talking to two men which his senses tells him that their police. He listens as his Aunt details what the couple that he killed did to him along with mentioning that he’s not capable of doing it for he has mental problems that makes people view him as a spoiled brat. He listens as one of the men asks for Adair’s alibi which the Aunt interrupts to scold the officer for thinking of Adair as a murderer when he didn’t do the crime. He hears the police man give off a laugh and speak that people with mental problems have been doing crimes among the people in the city and that Adair is capable of doing the crime hence he asking for Adair’s alibi. Adair smells blood that makes him open the door and walk into the room noticed by the Aunt and two men wearing trench coats and suits that stare at him with narrowed eyed looks and then at each other with smirks. He frowns as the blood smell stops and stands with a blank look on his face to stare at the men which one of them addresses him asking for his alibi for the crime which his Aunt speaks with anger in her voice demands the cops to leave while adding that she is insulted by their attitude towards her nephew and mentions that she won’t stand this again. He watches as she points a finger at the door with anger on her face eyes narrowed in a glare aimed at the men who frown staring at her. Adair continues to watch as one of the cops say that they’ll come again with a warrant for Adair’s arrest for the murders which he knows that Adair did the crime. Men leave the room as his Aunt gives off a harrumph sound and speaks in foreign language to him then he finds himself as if in a trance walking out of the room to the hallway where the two cops are there talking to each other that clam up seeing him. He ignores them by going to the dog’s room and shuts the door behind him to go to his bedroom after going through a hallway and stairwell. Once in his room he feels angry gives off a roaring noise and waves his fists then finds himself calm to strip himself of his clothes leaving them piled on the floor and goes to the dresser to put on jeans and a rugby top then lies his form on the bed shutting his eyes as scene goes black. Vincent dreams of himself at the Ashmere Manor house. Vincent is met by his father who has a questioning look on his face which he speaks that his Aunt manipulated him to kill a male and female couple by telling the male to toss the birthday cake in his face and telling the female to reject him after he asked her to dance and was told by the Aunt to go up to the female to ask for a dance. He frowns as his father speaks that he’ll remember what he forgot as scene goes black and he dreams himself lying in bed as Adair wearing jeans and a rugby shirt to hear a door slam sound. He jerks his eyes open to see the door open then slam and then gets up from the bed going to the door to see the doorknob rattling which he puts his ear on the door and listens as he hears his Aunt’s voice sounding angry demanding that the door be locked and the locksmith better have the correct key or she’ll be furious with him. He frowns as a male voice speaks that he has the key and hears the door knob rattle and then listens as the rattling stops and hears his Aunt’s voice speak that the locksmith will be paid handsomely for the key. He frowns as he puts a hand on the doorknob and finds it won’t turn then the doorknob turns and he opens the door to peer into the hallway seeing no one in it. He shuts the door and then goes back to bed falling asleep. He wakes up sensing that its breakfast gets up and with a groan gets out of his clothes to put on the Adair clothes and walks out of the room to down the stairs going through the dog’s room to the hallway through several rooms till he reaches the Aunt’s bedroom to see she’s not in it but the doors to outside are open which he walks out going into the sun that makes him feel a little woozy and continues to walk in the garden till he sees his Aunt standing in front of a rosebush with hands clasps in front of her. He frowns as his Aunt seemed to know he’s there asks him what he wants. He doesn’t say much just speaks Aunt and then the Aunt interrupts to speak telling him to go to the kitchen and she’ll join him there later which he turns walking into the garden and meets three men wearing uniforms that charge at him which he feeling nervous stands and hears his Aunt’s voice speaking in foreign language which makes him raise his fists up. He waits as the men reach him and he defends himself from them grabbing his arms trying to twist it behind his back and he uses his fists to punch the men in the face knocking them to the ground unconscious and hears his Aunt’s voice again speaking in foreign language which he squats in front of each man and grabs their heads twisting their necks and hears crack sounds and senses that they have died from it. He picks up a man and hauls him further into the garden to near the forest of bushes and places him underneath the bushes then does the same with the other men hiding them underneath the bushes then walks back to the house and feels compelled to see his Aunt which he goes to seeing her still standing in front of a rosebush and scene goes black. Vincent comes to with eyes shut."

Chapter Eleven
Vincent grimaced inwardly at the story he told as he felt pressure on his leg like a hand touching him. He shook his head and jerked opened his eyes after shutting them to grimace of the memory to see no one there as the hand's owner. He found a jug filled with nourishment he figured was blood sitting next to him which he smelled. He frowned sensing himself alone with Sora floating above him took the jug and drank from it its entire contents and then felt himself still at full strength. He got up and eyed the mask which Sora had in her Earthari like hand.
Vincent heard from Sora "What happened next after Vincent woke up?" 
He spoke in response to Sora's question.

"Vincent explored the vampires' stronghold by walking a maze of hallways and stairwells feeling a pull sensation that led him to the cafeteria which he heard loud voices become whispering. Frowning on his face he entered the cafeteria room to hear the whispering become silence and sensed himself stared at which he folded his arms. He walked to a corner and stood facing the vampires while seeing them staring at him with different emotions on their faces. 
He spoke out loud “Any news on Vampire Leader Leonard? How’s he’s doing anyway?”
Vincent frowned some more as none of the vampires answered his questions but continued to stare at him. Vincent stands feeling a little confused that the vampires are staring at him till a vampire arrives into the room loudly speaking that an elf arrived in his van and has requested Vincent to come to it for a chat the elf claims. Vincent doesn’t say anything puts mask back on and walks out of the room following the vampire till they reach the garage part of the castle where there are vehicles sitting in the large room. An elf standing in front of a van orders Vincent inside which he goes inside and is surprised to see Leonard sitting in a wheelchair as the elf shuts the door behind him leaving him inside with Leonard. He stares at Leonard before kneeling in front of him as Leonard talks that Bruno spread a rumor saying that Adair was dead and that the legendary vampire his father was keeping people out of his son’s body’s resting place. Vincent feels annoyance arriving within him as Leonard continues to speak that he challenged Bruno to a fight because of that rumor and he later squashed it when he was vampire leader after Bruno’s death calling Bruno a liar who was trying to trash Vincent’s reputation. He frowns as Leonard continues to speak that he lost function from the waist down after having the operation and can’t walk and has to live in an assisted facility. Vincent frowns even further as Leonard continues to speak that the vampires need Vincent whether they acknowledge that fact or not. He frowns some more as Leonard speaks that his talk is done and Vincent gets up and leaves the van as the elf goes inside shutting the door behind him leaving. He walks out of the garage room to meet two vampires one who says he should have gone with the elf and left the castle instead of staying with the vampires in it. He doesn’t comment walks by the vampires ignoring them glaring at him. He walks a maze of stairwells and hallways till he reaches the brig and goes into a cell and hears the gate door slam closed behind him along with electricity humming. He turns himself to face the gate to see the familiar vampires are there which he takes off his mask and then his shirt and notices that the vampires have widen eyed looks like their shocked about seeing his physical appearance that is fully muscular with muscles on his form. He examines his shirt for the tracking device and finds it on the back part of the shirt underneath the cape and discovers it appears to be sewn into the garment which he feels a little annoyed about. With a shrug he puts the shirt back on while noticing the vampires are gaping at him then he picks up his mask and puts it on covering his head then goes to a wall to sit with back leaning against it and shuts his eyes falling asleep. He dreams of himself returning from the forest after feeding off a bear that stops in front of the house to glare at it. He recalls the dream is a memory and then continues to dream of himself going to a tree where there are rocks scattered around it then pick up a rock and throw it at the house. He sees himself pick up rocks one after the other and throw them at the house which suffers damage as in windows broken shutters falling off their positions some hanging by a nail and some of the bricks on the house wall falling off. Vincent recalls himself after throwing the rocks once done goes inside the house slamming the door. Vincent finds himself at the house with his father next to him. He sees a frown on his father’s face who asks him about the vampires’ physical appearance which he says he hasn’t seen it. His father says he has from mating with a vampire which Vincent recalls Arana’s body and frowns remembering that she was really thin nearly skeletal with not much muscles on her form. He frowns as his father asks him about what he remembered. Vincent speaks that he remembered Arana’s body form being thin and seemingly skeletal which his father speaks that her form matches the vampires’ known form. He gets memory of the two vampires gaping at him after he took off his shirt which his father speaks that the two vampires were shocked to see Vincent’s physical appearance showing him muscular and very healthy forming like instead of normally thin and skeletal which is common among the vampires. He opens his mouth to speak as blackness arrives and he comes to feel a hand touching his leg shaking it jerks open his eyes to stare at a vampire with a familiar female he recognizes as Jeanette. He frowns as the male introduces himself as Armand and that vampire leader requested Vincent in the cafeteria immediately. Vincent gets up and follows the couple to the cafeteria where he sees with shock the twins Madrid and Milan along with Hannah. Twins introduce themselves by the male saying his name is Ron and the female saying her name is Riana which Vincent doesn’t comment. He sees Marioni who orders him to take of his mask and then says that Vincent must not wear the mask when in the cafeteria or in the throne room. Vincent hesitates as Armand says that Leonard put Marioni in the leadership position after calling them from the hospital and that Leonard lost function below his waist and can’t lead anymore hence his medical condition. Vincent takes off mask smells a dog in the room comments about that as a dog comes forward from hiding around the twins and Hannah which he mentally orders it to sit and then he squats to read the dog’s name tag seeing the name “Amos”. He stands up and then Hannah asks him how he controlled the dog.  He doesn’t comment as Marioni speaks that the dog is dubbed Biting Amos because he bites people and that the dog before Vincent’s arrival bit a vampire who squatted trying to get his name tag and that the dog bit vampires coming into the room by sniffing their foot and biting them on the ankle. He frowns as Marioni continues to speak that the twins mentioned that there was a dog belonging to Vincent a few days after he brought them to his house in the Attala forest and that the twins mentioned that the dog obeyed Vincent who seemed to use mental mind control over the dog. Vincent frowns inwardly and says that he doesn’t want to talk about it. He gets goaded by the twins telling him that there’s nothing to be ashamed about by admitting how he controlled the dog. He puts hand on his forehead and shuts his eyes as he gets memory of himself as Adair playing fetch game with his dog he recognizes as the one named Vincent. He hears his Aunt’s voice speaking foreign language which he abruptly drops the ball and grabs the dog’s head twisting it to hear a snapping crack sound and then his aunt’s voice speaks again in foreign language which he picks up the dog and carries it into the garden and then digs a hole for the dog’s body burying it in it and then covers the hole then stands looking upset till his Aunt arrives speaking that there’ll be another dog which he speaks that he doesn’t want another one but the current one he killed. Vincent grimaced remembering himself as Adair get angry and then attacks Aunt to vampire feed off her then walks away to hear her burst out coughing and then escorts her to her bedroom where she lays in bed sick with a sickness he recognizes hitting the servants. He hears his name Vincent spoken repeatedly that breaks him of his reverie and he opens his eyes to see Marioni looking at him with a big frown on his face. He frowns to see Marioni’s eyes shift to look behind him and narrow which he turns around to see two vampires both males standing behind him one having a hand on his head scratching it with a finger which he figured to himself that the male made a gesture of crazy behind his back and is trying to cover it up. Vincent hears his name spoken again by Marioni which he turns around to face the vampire and hears Marioni ask him to explain how he controlled the dog. He feels annoyed blurts that he used some mental mind control then folds his arms to glare at the floor with head down. He barely acknowledges the twins and Hannah leaving on Marioni’s order as he gets angry and then loses himself to his temper and comes to find himself kneeling on the floor with his arms behind him held by multiple hands and there’s a hand covering his eyes that are calming him down. 
He manages to relax as he hears Marioni’s voice speaking his name and then he speaks “Marioni? Sorry Vampire Leader, what happened to me?” 
He frowns as he hears Marioni’s voice speaking that Vincent appeared to get angry and blew his temper roaring angrily with eyes turning golden sun colored and didn’t seem to acknowledge anyone saying his name which several vampires managed to grab his arms and restrain him and that Vincent seemed out of it when trying to talk to him. He frowns as Marioni continues to speak that Vincent seems to have calmed down from having his eyes shut and then feels himself freed from the vampires’ hands on his arms and feels the hand off his eyes which he opens his eyes to stand up and is handed his mask. He groans loudly about needing to sit down which his request is backed up by Marioni as a vampire comes forward with a chair which he sits in and leans back in it. He feels himself a bit tired folds his arms gripping his mask and bows his head and shuts his eyes. Vincent dreams of the house to see his father there which he rants to his father that his Aunt used some foreign language to control him to do her bidding over the years as he grew up under her care and even used her words to get him to kill his dog which he is angry about. Vincent snarls an angry sound fisting his hands as his father wraps his arms around him holding him in a hug that seems to calm him down from his father touching him. He relaxes to the point that blackness arrives and find himself sleeping in a chair still in his leaning back position and feels compelled to wake up which he does. He hears whispering in the room and gets up from the chair as Marioni speaks in a loud voice tone ordering a vampire to escort Vincent to Vincent’s quarters and then adds that Vincent should put up with any memories of his time with Arana in the quarters period for that’s an order. Vincent frowns follows a vampire out of the room which he puts on his mask and continues to follow the vampire till they reach a door he recognizes as his room which he goes inside and slams the door behind him. He takes off mask and tosses it onto the bed then goes to the wingback chair to sit with annoyance running through him that turn to anger. He feels angry at his Aunt as he gets up from the chair and attacks a wall throwing his fist into it then feels himself needing to sleep hits the bed laying on it and falls asleep. Vincent wakes up hearing the bells ringing sound groans loudly and tries to go back to sleep and hears a door knocking sound gets up from bed grabbing his mask and putting it on covering his head and goes to the door opening it to see a vampire there that requests him to come with him. He follows the vampire to the garage room where there’s an elf standing in front of a van with arms folded with some glaring look on his face. He is admitted into the van and sees a female hooded figure holding a bundle that is moving. The female removes hood and he sees that it’s Miranda who speaks that the baby she’s holding is hers which Vincent fathered through her and she wants him to name the child. Vincent sits down in the seat next to her feeling himself shocked up overcomes the feeling to peer at the child he sees has red eyes and a toothless mouth which Miranda speaks that the child is a girl and a vampire. He removes his mask to put an arm around Miranda and leans towards her face which she puts a hand on his lips telling him that lip kissing led to the mating and she’s still recovering from carrying the girl child and mating would make her feel worse. He nods his head in understanding and then removes his arm around her to take her hand with his left hand to kiss it with his lips and then she speaks that she wants him to name the child for her. 
He thinks of his mother and speaks “Jerrilyn for it was my mother’s name.” 
He sees Miranda looks shocked which he comments about that in a question. He frowns as she speaks that the name Jerrilyn was a name that the legendary vampire of unknown name used when speaking to people traveling in the Attala forest and that the vampire seemed to refer Jerrilyn as his mate and mother of his son Adair when kicking out people from the forest. Vincent frowns but speaks that his father’s name he was told was Adam and that his mother died giving birth to him. He sees a frown appear on Miranda’s face as he continues to speak that his mother’s look alike sister named Jerusha his Aunt raised him and he when grown met his father but had no idea at the time that the vampire fathered him till after he left the forest and remembered this.  He frowns as he sees Miranda’s eyes narrow in a glare which he speaks asking what she’s thinking about for he can’t read her mind. Miranda speaks with annoyance in her voice that Vincent named her granddaughter with the name Jerusha which her son Jones and his mate Morgan haven’t been using that name when referring to their daughter but the name Jara instead. He frowns forming it on his face as Miranda continues that Jones and Morgan from reading their minds think the name Jerusha is too long for their daughter hence the short name of Jara. He keeps frowning as Miranda continues to speak that Jones and Morgan from further mind scans are thinking of dropping the name of Jerusha and keep the name of Jara instead for their daughter. Vincent speaks as Miranda pauses that he has no problem with the name change for he recently remembered that his Aunt controlled him to do her bidding by speaking some words in not understandable foreign language to him and he finds himself doing the things along with his Aunt manipulating him to be miserable with her being amused by it which has him angry at his Aunt and will have nothing to do with her because of it. He stops talking as Miranda puts her right hand on his cheek which he feels pleasant from her touch pushes his face into her hand. He stares at her as they hear a knocking sound on the window and she speaks that it’s the signal to cover up for the vampires are getting suspicious and might barge into the van. He puts on his mask as Miranda covers her entire head and face with a hood and he asks her if he can hold Jerrilyn which she hands him the baby. He holds the baby that open her eyes and he sees something that looks like a smile on the baby’s face which makes him smile a tooth baring grin and feels happy from holding his daughter as the van doors are slammed open. He looks up to see a male vampire looking annoyed on his face peer into the van which the elf there speaks that its time for Vincent to leave for the elves has overstayed their welcome. He hands Miranda the baby and gets out of the van walking towards the stairs while hearing the van doors slam closed behind him and hears it fly away. He hears a growl from the nosy male vampire behind him pauses from his walk as the vampire demands to him why he was holding the elf’s baby. Vincent in a blurring speed spins around grabbing the vampire by the armpit areas and lifts him up dangling his feet. Vincent sees the male’s eyes are widen as he speaks that he never held a baby before in his life and wanted to know what it was like hence he asking the female elf to hold her child who came to ask him to name her child which he gave it a name. Vincent snarls out a growl and adds a question on whether the vampires have a problem with that as the male vampire looks nervous shakes his head in a no gesture then he releases his hold on the vampire that drops to the floor landing on his feet in a squat position. He walks away going up the stairs followed by the male vampire who he senses stops following him when reaching the top of the stairs and he enters the hallway going through several hallways and feels a pull sensation groans to himself about that. He guided by the pull sensation goes to the hallway that leads to the cafeteria hears voices become whispering as he gets nearer the entrance and then feels the pull sensation stop as he enters the cafeteria to stand at the entrance looking into the room to see Marioni standing in front of the kitchen entrance drinking from a cup slowly while appearing to be attentive to a vampire he recognizes as Armand chatting to him with a female vampire he recognizes as Jeanette that is appearing to be bored by her facial expression.  He catches two knives in both hands and feels pains in his left side and then faints hitting the ground going unconscious. He wakes up in the infirmary with his side better but weak and sees three vampires looking alike by their faces in the room that hand him a jug of blood which he yanks off mask and drinks it all up and realizes that its not really blood but something else which he throws it all up and feels more weaker as the three vampires laugh at his sickness saying that it’ll be enough to make him more sicker. Vincent doesn’t say anything struggles to sleep but the three vampires poke him repeatedly with their fingers till he gets fed up and sits up to glare at them while feeling anger arriving that is like his angry rage before and passes out. He comes to find himself kneeling on the ground drinking from a jug of blood he recognizes is blood and keeps on drinking it till there’s no more and senses another jug of blood next to him which he drops the empty jug on the floor and then grabs the full jug and gulps it down while sensing its blood and continues to drink it all up. He finished drops jug to the floor and looks around to discover he’s in the catacombs and his mask is lying on the ground nearby him along with two empty jugs. He gets up and goes to the mask picking it up and puts it on his head and walks out of the catacombs feeling a pull sensation and allows it to take control which takes him to the garage where an elf and a vampire is in the middle of an argument he hears them talking about himself the elf demanding to have a private talk with Vincent while the vampire is saying that Vincent died and had his body deposed into the ocean. Vincent interrupts speaking that he’s here and wants to know what the elf wants with him. Vampire looks shocked to see him fades from view which he feels wind blow by him figures the vampire left to tell the others about him. He goes up to the elf and folds his arms standing staring at the elf who whispers that Vincent was given the mask for a reason because people looking at Vincent’s face would feel compelled to feel sorry for him and want to help him with whatever problems he has. Vincent doesn’t comment feels a little weird out but the elf is interrupted by two vampires arriving who look annoyed to see Vincent and order the elf to leave which elf walks away and Vincent looks at the vampires who look annoyed which he catches two knives by plucking them out of the air with both hands as the vampires look shocked to see that. He drops the knives on the floor which one of the vampires say that Vincent should be dead period which gets him annoyed and he charges with super speed with fists in front of him and hits both vampires in the face with both hands in fists which both vampires fly backwards hitting a car with their backs and appear to be knocked out unconscious. He feels a pulling sensation walks away from the vampires going into the castle to walk a maze of stairwells and hallways while noticing that he’s not meeting any vampires on the way and reaches the cafeteria room to hear whispering which he enters the room and the whispering becomes silence. He takes off his mask and folds his arms with a glare on his face. He loudly speaks that he’s sorry for going on a rampage and hurting vampires in the process and has suffered from enough sicknesses as punishment for that and expects the vampires anger towards him to end period. He leaves the room putting on his mask and walks in the hallways not knowing where he’s going only to find himself back at the hallway that leads to the cafeteria entrance which he hears whispering sounding from there stands in the hallway with arms folded feeling a little annoyed with himself.  He gets more annoyed which turns to anger and enters the cafeteria to stand in the entrance and he faints hitting the ground unconscious. He wakes up in the infirmary lying on a bed with mask held in his hand. He gets up feeling himself weak but still has some strength to walk stumbling out of the infirmary while using the walls for support. He figures out where the cafeteria is goes to there and hears silence while in the hallway. He enters the cafeteria to see there’s no one there and stumbles to the kitchen to the fridge he assumes it’s what it’s called and opens it to yank out a jug of blood which he gulps down feeling himself back at full strength but still tired. He puts the jug on the counter and picks up his mask and turns around towards the entrance to see three vampires with faces similar and recognizes them as the ones who made him sick by giving him bad nourishment. He sees that they look angry catches a knife thrown by the middle vampire and tosses aside his mask and uses his free hand to make a come gesture towards the vampires while waving the knife blade pointed at the vampires. He waits as the vampire on his right hands the middle one a knife and he finds his angry rage hitting him that makes him go unconscious and he comes to with knife blade at the middle vampire’s throat who is grimacing with both hands up and bare while hearing Marioni’s voice behind him ordering him to stand down from the fight. He obeys to step back putting arms down and looks at his right to see Marioni standing at the entrance with several other vampires crowded around him mostly having range of emotions looks on their faces while Marioni’s facial expression is a glare. He frowns as Marioni asks the vampire he fought by calling him Ash to explain his actions of making Vincent more sicker by giving him fruit juice cocktail instead of blood as witnessed by another vampire spying on Ash and his brothers. Vincent keeps his mouth shut as Ash speaks that Vincent rejected a knife challenge by him and didn’t get punished according to vampire law by the vampire leader Marioni. He frowns to clamp his mouth shut as Marioni speaks that Vincent was challenged before and accepted the challenge only that the challenger cheated by having other vampires help him defeated Vincent hence he not accepting Ash’s challenge for thinking that the cheating would happen again.  He frowns showing it visibly on his face as Marioni looks his way and adds that Vincent should go to his quarters and get some sleep for that’s an order. He doesn’t protest hands Ash the knife in his hand who stares at him with a double take look then takes the knife and he walks to the group of vampires which one hands him his mask and he walks out of the kitchen through the crowd gathered at the entrance and leaves the cafeteria walking in the hallway feeling a pulling sensation which he hopes is taking him to his quarters and finds it is taking him there which once at his quarters he shuts the door behind him and goes to the bed lying on it on his side front facing the doorway and with hand still holding  his mask shuts his eyes. He dreams of himself wearing Vincent clothing lying in a glass box like Italy and Vivian’s mother and then the scene changes to show himself again lying in the box wearing vampire clothing then flashes to show himself wearing his mask while lying in the box. The scene changes to show him in a large room with Leonard standing next to him that instructs him to pick up the knives from the bucket in front of him and throw them at a moving dummy target in front of him and make sure to hit the heart area for each throw. Vincent obeys picking up knives one at a time totaling five and throws them at the dummy moving towards him by a pulley chain above and once the dummy reaches him he sees that each knife is imbedded in the heart area in a tight small circle. The scene changes to him at the Ashmere house with his father standing next to him. Vincent frowns feeling confusion running through him as his father explains to him that his body has self healing properties that a cut anywhere on him that isn’t lick able would close up and heal itself hence the elves putting him in a sleeping box for they couldn’t put the armor implant inside him due to the cut healing itself up. Vincent frowns as his father continues to add that he and the other vampires came out of the Attala soon after Vivian was born and that he spent most of their lives sleeping in a box tube put there by elves. Vincent feels shocked as his father continues to speak that the elves didn’t have anything for his eyes invented after they succeeded in getting the armor implant inside him and they put him asleep till they invented the mask. Vincent rubs a hand on his forehead as his father puts a hand on his shoulder and he hears his father add that the elves after inventing the mask kept him asleep in the tube till the time when the vampires were having a civil war fighting for who’ll take leadership a fight that was taking a long time with no leader picked and the elves brought him out of the sleep to take control of the vampires. Vincent lowers hand to fold his arms as his father continues to speak asking him a question of how long was he vampire leader. He frowns to speak that he was vampire leader for most of another vampire’s life till adulthood. Vincent sees his father shake his head in a no gesture and speaks that vampires’ growth rate to mating maturity lasts one year totaling three hundred and sixty five days along with pregnancies lasts less than an hour with birth coming fast with the female unconscious. Vincent frowns as his father continues to speak that Vincent was vampire leader for over a year far longer than the average vampire leader who usually rules for thirty days before removed from position. Vincent frowns visibly as his father speaks calling him my son and then blackness arrives which he wakes up to discover himself lying on his right side with back to the door and mask gone from his hand. He gets up from the bed to look around the room and spots a small table holding a bag with blood like liquid in it while closed along with his mask besides it. He feels himself much better rested but doesn’t feel like doing anything to waste his energy goes to the wing back chair to sit and leans his head back eyes staring at the door wondering to himself if he should get up and go out. He feels himself too lazy to bother shuts his eyes and allows himself to sleep till he is wakened by smelling blood underneath his nose and opens his eyes to see Armand leaning towards him holding the bag open underneath his nose which he forms a frown on his face aimed at Armand who straightens up his form while closing the bag. He eyes Armand who speaks that Vincent passed out unconscious for three days straight and the fruit juice cocktail bag was used to see if Vincent was still alive by him moving in his sleep from smelling it for his heart organ doesn’t move when asleep like it normally does with other vampires.   Vincent doesn’t comment as Armand puts the bag he assumes called fruit juice cocktail on the table and then he listens as Armand says that he’ll return which he watches him leave the room closing the door behind him. He finds himself too wide awake to sleep gets up putting on mask and leaves his quarters feeling a pulling sensation and wonders what’s with the sensation. He feels a little curious and annoyed at the same time as the sensation leads him to the catacombs where he continues walking till he reaches a door and smells ocean salt water coming through the cracks. He opens the door he finds slides on its side and sees a balcony with water lapping the stone walled railing underneath a cloudy sky. He stands outside and looks up in time to see a vampire figure falling towards him which he catches and sees it’s Marioni who is unconscious. He frowns wondering what happened to Marioni goes inside and with a hand shuts the door shut and walks out of the catacombs carrying Marioni while feeling a pulling sensation and hopes it’s leading him to the cafeteria which he discovers it is. He arrives at the cafeteria to hear whispering sounds and once inside the room the whispering become silent with vampires staring at him with several emotions on their faces. He comments saying that he found Marioni lying outside and wants to see what can be done for him for he’s in some unconscious state and can’t wake him up. He frowns as he hears a loud sneering voice coming from his right in front of the kitchen entrance is a vampire he sees that says that Vincent should take Marioni outside and dump him in the ocean period. He frowns with confusion running through him as he speaks with confusion in his voice a question on who’ll replace Marioni as Vampire Leader. He hears groaning tones sounding in the room and hears Armand’s loud voice say that Vincent doesn’t know what happened and why Marioni was deposed. He frowns as he looks in Armand’s direction to see him standing besides a table who adds speaking that Marioni was challenged to a fight by a vampire named Augusto for the leadership position and Marioni lost the fight which Augusto as vampire leader ordered Marioni’s body deposed off the cliff into the ocean. Vincent turns his head towards the vampire who spoke before Armand standing in front of the kitchen entrance with a sneer on his face who speaks that he’s Augusto and he’s the vampire leader and he is ordering Vincent to depose Marioni’s body off the cliff into the ocean. Vincent frowns as Marioni in his arms abruptly moves hand touching his forehead with eyes shut and then hand drops going limp which he senses Marioni is still alive but too weak to wake up from the fight he had. He speaks that Marioni is still alive and it’s a shame to depose him into the ocean while alive and he is interrupted by Augusto who sneers that he’s ordering Vincent to depose him into the ocean period and expects the order obeyed while using the words “or else”. He feels a pulling sensation leaves the room carrying Marioni following the sensation that leads him to the garage which a van comes flying into the room and lands nearby him. He frowns as an elf comes out seeing him says he requesting him to get in the van which he obeys while carrying Marioni and puts Marioni on the floor and kneels as the elf slams the door closed while following him inside. Vincent frowns seeing Leonard sitting in a wheelchair in the van who puts a finger to his lips which he feels a little confused. He hears the elf speak that they have the castle rigged with listening devices all over and have been eavesdropping on vampires’ conversations and heard some things interesting that Vincent should know about. He frowns as the elf speaks that almost all of the vampires are seeing Vincent as vampire leader but are too nervous to put Vincent in the position due to not being sure how Vincent will lead them. The elf continues that the tracking device put on Vincent was to warn the vampires whenever he’s coming to the cafeteria by an alarm sounding in the cafeteria whenever he reaches a hallway that leads to there which they would whisper their words and go silent whenever they see Vincent for they don’t want him to hear their conversation which is talk mostly about Vincent himself them arguing about him leading them as vampire leader but not sure whether they should put him in the position due to not being sure how he’ll lead them. Vincent kneeling frowns hearing that as the elf continues to speak that most of the vampires have admitted in private talks with one or two vampires present to be loyal to Vincent by keeping him alive but haven’t admit it out loud to the other vampires in the cafeteria in their conversations about Vincent himself. The elf adds that the vampires from their private talks almost all of them are loyal to Vincent are hiding their loyalty from the other vampires for the fear of being personally deposed by the vampire currently taking the leadership position like what happened to Marioni who ordered to the vampires in the cafeteria to several vampires that he expects Vincent to be kept alive at all costs which Augusto overheard in a private talk felt that Marioni was being too lenient towards Vincent getting away with things against vampire law decided to challenged Marioni for leadership position to see that Vincent receives equal punishment like any vampire that breaks vampire law. He hears the doors to the van slam open and looks to see two vampires peer into the van as the elf speaks loudly that Leonard has to wait another day to talk more to Vincent and orders Vincent out while adding to leave Marioni in the van for he’ll see that the vampire is being attended for his injuries and make sure he doesn’t return to the castle without vampire leader’s say so. Vincent gets out and hears the doors slam behind him who he walks to the stairs while followed by the two nosy vampires and hears the van fly away. Vincent hears the nosy vampires comment that Vincent should have gone with Leonard in the van instead of getting out. Vincent feels annoyed turns around with super speed to face the vampires who looked shocked which he speaks with annoyance in his voice tone that the vampires should have said their words when he was in the van instead of letting him get out of the van and saying their words after the van flew away. 
He folds his arms seeing that the vampires are gaping at him with widen eyes and sees both shake their heads with double take looks then they look at each other then one of them says “Never mind I take back what I said.” 
He speaks “Next time I’m in a vehicle, speak up and don’t comment about me staying in the vehicle till after I’m out of it.” 
He glares at the vampires who nod their heads then he turns around unfolding his arms and finds himself facing the opposite direction while holding a knife handle in his hand to see one of the vampires has a knife in his hand waving it towards him while using his free hand to make a come gesture. He adjusts the knife to make the blade face away from him charges towards the vampire holding the knife as his companion backs away and feels his angry rage arrive and passes out. He comes to find himself holding the knife blade sideways digging into the vampire challenger’s neck whose hands are bare and there’s a grimace on the vampire’s face. 
He hears from the vampire challenger “Alright, I yield! Don’t kill me!” 
He obeys to grab the challenger’s hand and puts the knife handle in his hand grip then walks away turning his back to the vampire while noticing the challenger’s companion looking shocked. He walks up to the companion and waves his fist in the vampire’s face who appears to gulp and then he goes up the stairs walking a maze of hallways and stairwells wondering where he’s going till he reaches the hallway leading to the garage grumbles mentally that he walked in a circle and can’t find his way to his quarters and has to be guided by the pulling sensation which he is annoyed that he can’t find his way around the castle. He feels a pulling sensation hit him wonders if he’s going to his quarters allows it to pull him which he discovers once reaching a certain hallway that its leading him to the cafeteria feels annoyance running through him enters the cafeteria to see vampires are in the room and not talking but stare at him as he walks to the kitchen while feeling like he needs to feed. His way gets blocked by Ash and his brothers waving their hands in front of them towards him while having glaring looks on their faces. He pauses from his walk comments loudly asking if vampire leader Augusto put them up to that but the brothers don’t answer his question and pull out two knives from their waists to wave the blades aimed at him with their hands. 
He feels annoyed speaks “Hello? I asked you a question.” 
He frowns as the brothers don’t answer him and hears nothing from the other vampires while sensing himself still stared at feels annoyance running through him enough to repeat his words with annoyance in his tone. He finds that the vampires aren’t answering his question feels anger running through him while boils in him till he feels that he’s getting an angry rage finds himself passing out and comes to find himself kneeling on the floor while having his arms held behind his back by multiple hands and his mask is off his face and there’s a hand each covering his eyes. He groans loudly as he hears Augusto’s sneering voice speaking addressing Vincent that he has ordered the vampires to keep Vincent out of the kitchen and do what it takes to keep him out along with the fact that he’s tempted to have Vincent banned from the cafeteria for blowing his temper but the other vampires insisted that he not ban Vincent from the cafeteria period. Vincent finds himself calmed feels himself freed from the hands and his eyes uncovered which he stands up to face Augusto who had a sneering look on his face while having arms folded which he spots his mask dangling from Augusto’s hand despite having his arms folded. Vincent frowns visibility as Augusto continues to speak still talking to him that he has ordered the vampires the responsibility of feeding Vincent when they feel he needs to be fed and expects Vincent to stop the responsibility of feeding himself even when in the cafeteria period. Vincent keeps his mouth shut as Augusto holds up his mask from unfolding an arm which he takes and hears Augusto order him to go to his quarters and stay there until ordered out by orders of vampire leader. He speaks asking what he’s supposed to do when he hears the bell sounds sounding whenever vampire leader leaves his quarters on the way to the throne room.  Augusto speaks that Vincent should ignore the noise and stay in his quarters till he is ordered out and expects him to obey the order period and uses the words “Or else”. He puts on mask and by Augusto’s order leaves the cafeteria and figures out how to get to his quarters using his memory uses the route and finds vampire leader’s quarters by two vampires standing in front of the door that growl seeing him. 
He speaks out loud “Oops wrong quarters.” 
Then walks away feeling a pulling sensation that takes him down the stairs to a hallway to a door which he figures it's his quarters opens the door to peer into the room and sees his hunch is correct walks into the room slamming the door behind him. He yanks off his mask tossing it onto the bed and goes to the wingback chair to sit leaning back against it with arms folded. He feels himself still hungry grumbles out loud on when the vampires are planning to feed him and wants them to do it now for he’s hungry. His eyes spot the fruit cocktail bag and with disgust running through him he gets up grabbing the bag and carries it to the door which he opens and throws it out of the room into the hallway and slams the door shut as the bag are still in the air. He stomps to the wing back chair and sits in it leaning back with arms resuming their former position folded across his chest eyes aimed at the door with a big frown on his face. He grumbles to himself that he would rather take the responsibility of feeding himself, himself instead of having to depend on the other vampires to do that for he knows when he’s hungry and can feed himself anytime he wants without having to suffer hunger pains waiting for the vampires to feed him. He shuts his eyes to dream of the Ashmere Manor house where he sees a woman he’s not sure if she’s his Aunt or his mother which he speaks that she better be his mother for he won’t have anything to do with his Aunt for what she did to him when she was alive with him living as Adair and finds her actions not forgivable and is still angry at her. Vincent folds his arms as the woman he assumes is his mother doesn’t say a word as he feels a hand on his shoulder and looks to his right to see his father who has a frown on his face that speaks asking him what Jerusha did to get him angry. Vincent speaks calling his Aunt, Jerusha that she controlled him speaking in some foreign language to do things under her control like what she did to cause him to kill his dog named Vincent and bury the dog’s body in the ground along with having him wear uncomfortable clothing in her presence and manipulating people at a birthday party to humiliate him and make him miserable while seeing her looking amused by it that have him furious with her. 
He turns his eyes towards his mother to see a familiar expression of shock on her face which tells him that she’s his Aunt and not his mother which he yells out “Your Jerusha!”
Vincent finds his anger full blown charges towards her and his way is blocked by his father stepping in front of him restraining him with hands on his wrists despite waving his hands fisted with a furious expression on the vampire’s face. He finds his efforts to free himself from his father meet failure for the vampire’s grip is ironclad and he finds himself rooted to his spot with his feet becoming dead weight and refusing to budge from the ground. He struggles against his father’s hold till blackness arrives and he comes to find himself sitting in the wing back chair before he fell asleep and hunger is full blown running through him that he feels himself go mindless thinking nothing but needing to feed gets up from the chair and goes to the door yanking it open to smell blood that overwhelms him to cause him to walk out following the smell not caring where he’s going while feeling himself pushing movable objects that block his way as he walks following the smell. He feels something touching his lips with the blood smell coming from it and discovers the object has blood in it which he senses is truly blood and not fruit juice cocktail gulps it down till there’s nothing left and discovers himself standing in a hallway holding an empty jug in his hands while still smelling blood which he drops the jug and looks at the ground to spot another jug of blood is there and he picks it up to sip discovering its truly blood and gulps it all down till there’s nothing left licks the rim his healer and lets the jug drop to the ground feeling himself much better. He looks around to see he’s in his quarters’ hallway seeing his open door ajar. He walks into his quarters gently closing the door behind him and goes to the wing back chair to sit feeling himself much better from the feeding he had.  He feels a little weird wondering what it was but hears a knock on the door goes to the door to answer it while putting on his mask. He frowns as two vampires there request him to go to the cafeteria as ordered by vampire leader which he feels a pulling sensation leaves his quarters and goes to the cafeteria where he sees vampires there are silence staring at him. He frowns as Armand walks up to him to grip his arm in a tight grip which confuses him and then he sees Augusto standing in front of the kitchen with amusement in his eyes despite having a frowning look on his lips. He frowns wondering what’s going to think it to himself and hears Augusto answer him like he heard his question saying that nothing’s going on. He gets memory of Miranda in the van frowns to think of her name and then hears Augusto speak asking him who’s Miranda which he gets suspicious speaks that he doesn’t recall vampires being mind walkers while thinking that Augusto is nuts. He hears Augusto say that he’s not nuts and Vincent is speaking his thoughts out loud which dawns on him the blood drink he drank gave him a weird feeling which he thinks that and hears Augusto speak as if knowing his thoughts that Vincent isn’t drugged but is sick with something hence he speaking his thoughts out loud like an insane vampire. Vincent gets annoyed yanks Armand’s hands off his arm and steps towards Augusto thinking that he’ll bash his face and feels a prick of pain in his back that is followed by sleepiness which he hits the floor falling unconscious. He comes to find himself in his quarters lying in bed feeling a sick feeling that makes him get up hitting the bathroom. He comes out adjusting his pants feeling himself a bit better but wonders what Augusto put in his drink to make him babble his thoughts to himself. He frowns as there’s a knock on the door and he goes to the door to answer and sees the two familiar vampires that tell him that vampire leader wants him in the cafeteria. He frowns as he is escorted to the cafeteria to see with shock a vampire holding Miranda with a knife to her throat and Augusto holding a baby wrapped in a blanket in his arms. He gets restrained by four vampires grabbing his arms as Augusto sneers that he’ll see that Vincent’s daughter will be raised by vampires who won’t tell her about her parentage period. Vincent tries to break free of the vampires’ grip only to feel a prick of pain in his left arm and falls unconscious. He comes to find himself back in his quarters with a sick feeling in him which makes him hit the bathroom then comes out feeling terrible. He feels the mask is still covering his head leaves his quarters and feels a pulling sensation that takes him to the catacombs to the door which he slides open to look out into the moonlight to see lying on the balcony railing is Miranda who appears dead. He darts towards her putting a hand on her to feel that she is dead and sees blood stains on her chest and throat along with her head at a limp angle that tells him that the vampires killed her by stabbing her in the chest along with slashing her throat and breaking her neck. Vincent feels angry roars out an angry cry and snarls that Augusto is dead for he’ll see that he’ll punish that vampire for Miranda’s death. 
He lifts up Miranda and raises her towards the sky and mentions “I’ll swear it on Miranda that Augusto dies by my hand if I have to kill him.” 
He lowers her and walks back into the castle to slam the door behind him with a foot and then walks out of the catacombs and feels a pulling sensation that takes him to the garage where a van come flying into the room. He stands and sees an elf comes out of the van which he brings Miranda to the van and places her inside. He is angry but listens as the elf tells him that the bells can be turned off by a switch hidden in a hole in the door frame of the vampire leader’s quarters along with mentioning that the elves have taken a hold of Vincent’s daughter Jerrilyn and will raise her themselves while being sure to mention her parentage once she’s old enough to understand. Vincent doesn’t comment but hears the elf speak that there’s a drug that can make vampires speak their thoughts which is what the vampires put in Vincent’s bloody drink which gets him annoyed. He frowns as the elf adds that he’ll handle Miranda’s affairs and will keep her son Jones away from the castle by assuring him that Vincent will handle the punishment for Jones is aware of Vincent fathering his sister Jerrilyn through his mother.  He doesn’t say anything as the elf says that he has spoken enough and expects Vincent to do what he must to Augusto who according to listening devices killed Miranda himself. Vincent feels his anger get boiling as the elf leaves going into the van he storms out of the garage and feels a pulling sensation that leads him to the cafeteria which he feels himself hungry calms down to go to the kitchen seeing no one in the cafeteria and in the kitchen. He goes to the fridge while taking off his mask and yanks it open to yank out a jug and froze as he realizes that he doesn’t know what’s in the jug despite them looking alike. 
He examines the jug to see handwriting on it which takes him a few moments to read “Fruit Juice Cocktail.” 
He puts it back and pulls another one out in the second row to see his name written on it then figures it might be laced with drugs puts it back and then takes a third out by the bottom row and sees the words pure blood written on it which he brings it to his lips and tastes it feeling nothing wrong with the blood gulps it down then once done licks the rim with his healer seeing it leaves white stuff on the rim frowns wondering how to hide it sees the sink shuts the fridge closed and goes to the sink turning on the water which he puts the jug underneath it and sees the water wash away the healer stuff along with the blood residue in it which he pours out the water and figures that he’ll hide it by keeping it in the fridge so the vampires won’t find it till too late. He goes back to the fridge and places it back inside and then grabs his mask from the counter to put it back covering his head then leaves the cafeteria seeing no vampires in it or on his way to the vampire leader’s quarters which he remembers where it is arrives there to see two vampires there that growl seeing him. He goes up to them and in polite tones asks to talk to vampire leader and is rebuffed by one of them telling him that vampire leader requested not to be disturbed. 
He frowns and asks if vampire leader was mating but is interrupted by the second vampire saying “Sleeping and don’t bother him.” 
He stands in front of the vampires and with super speed brings his fists into their faces that knock them to the floor unconscious. He eyes the vampires figuring that their positions look suspicious adjusts them to have them in sitting positions with back leaning against the wall making them appear that they fell asleep on the job. He opens the door to the quarters to see Augusto lying in bed appearing to be asleep and he quietly feels the door frame for the hole feels it near the door jamb finds it and with a finger shuts off the bells then goes into the quarters shutting the door quietly. Vincent darts towards Augusto to grab the vampire by the neck and throws him to the wall who groan hitting his back to it shaking his head as he charges towards the vampire bringing his fist into the vampire’s stomach who groan loudly while opening his eyes to show shock in them seeing Vincent. Vincent rants loudly about Miranda killed and he’ll see that Augusto he names dies by his hands which he cuts his rant to see a fear look in the vampire’s eyes as he puts his left hand on Augusto’s neck and lifts him up dangling his feet while hearing him gag loudly and with his right hand fisted repeatedly brings it into the vampire’s front not caring where it landed as his anger takes control putting him through an angry rage that he passes out from. Vincent comes to find himself outside in the moonlight standing near the edge of a cliff holding a very still limp Augusto in his hands above his head and hears Armand’s voice from behind him protesting to him deposing Augusto which he shouldn’t be doing it. He hesitates as Armand’s voice becomes pleading saying that Augusto is his brother and doesn’t want to lose him to the ocean depths which he prefers the elves to punish Augusto for killing Miranda instead of Vincent doing it. He hears Armand beg using the word please repeatedly which he lowers Augusto with his hands and till the vampire is level with his chest and then turns around to see Armand with a fearful look on his face and pleading in his eyes while standing next to Jeanette who has her face in a grimace with a frown in her eyes. He carries Augusto to Armand who in a pleading voice tells him to take the vampire to the garage for their listening devices will pick up Armand telling them that Augusto is knocked out and in the garage waiting for them to pick him up for punishment. He frowns to speak asking how Armand knew of the listening devices which Jeanette speaks that Armand did some snooping around and found the listening devices and figured that the elves put them there and figured that their listening to vampires in the castle and are aware of Armand being aware of the listening devices and are waiting for word to pick up Augusto to punish him. Vincent keeps his mouth shut walks to the castle followed by Armand sobbing loudly behind him and Jeanette’s voice speaking words of comfort behind to Armand as they walk to the castle. He enters the castle through a doorway in the wall to see a set of steps that go up which he takes and feels a pulling sensation that he hopes is taking him to the garage which he discovers it is while on the way hears Armand speaking as if talking to the elves that Vincent has knocked out Augusto and is bringing him to the garage for pick up. He reaches the garage to see a van fly into the room and two elves wearing uniforms comes out which he places Augusto into the van and steps back as one of the elves goes up to Armand and whispers something in his ear which he doesn’t hear what’s said but sees Armand nod his head while still crying milky like substance from his eyes spilling from them. He steps back from the van as Armand and Jeanette go to the stairs and then hears an elf speak requesting to talk to him which he stands and waits as the elf eyes Armand and Jeanette which he sees them leave the garage then he turns towards the elf with a frown on his face. He frowns as the elf speaks whispering that Augusto was one of the few vampires who didn’t see Vincent as vampire leader or son of the vampire legend like the others. He frowns as the elf continues that Augusto saw Vincent same view as Bruno saw Vincent a converted vampire who was born Human but Augusto didn’t believe in Bruno’s rumor of Adair being dead and the legendary vampire trying to keep people out of his son’s body’s resting place. Augusto according to the elf was trying to remove Vincent from the castle by having him declared insane hence the drug put in his blood drink just to make him look insane by the other vampires as a way of shredding his reputation. Vincent frowns some more forming it on his lips as the elf continues to speak that Augusto abused his vampire leadership authority by killing Miranda which vampires out of Augusto’s earshot had been talking about removing Augusto from his leadership position and replacing him with another while seeing that Augusto loses the fight of being challenged for the leadership position. He frowns as the elf stops talking and then abruptly goes into the van which he walks to the stairs and watch it fly away then goes up the stairs to see two vampires looking angry there which he walks by them and feels a stabbing pain in his stomach that feels familiar like a knife wound and then faints hitting the ground unconscious. He comes to find himself lying on the catacomb balcony underneath a cloudy sky with mask off his face and his hair unbound from the barrette he feels is no longer in his hair and gets up feeling himself a bit sore all over like he’s been hit but still has strength to walk to the catacomb door to slide it open and walks inside to slide it closed then walks to the cafeteria while feeling a pulling sensation that leads him to it. He enters it to see shocked expressions on most of the vampires’ faces as he demands for his mask back while folding his arms forming a glare on his face. He is handed his mask by a vampire whom he snatches out of the male vampire’s hands and walks out taking a route to his quarters by memory which he finds and goes inside slamming the door. He throws the mask onto the bed and kneels to weep out cries of anguish with tears falling down his eyes while moaning Miranda’s name over and over till he feels himself exhausted crawls to the bed and lays his form onto it. He passes out unconscious to smell blood which he drags himself up from the bed to see his door is ajar and goes out into the hallway to spot a jug of blood there. 
He picks up to see it says “Fruit Juice Cocktail.” 
On it which he stares at it then throws the jug into the hallway hearing it give of a thump noise as it hits the floor and goes into his room slamming the door to kneel rocking his form back and forth while chanting words “I have to lead.” 
Over and over till he shakes his head and gets up going to the bed picking up his mask and puts it on then walks out of the quarters still chanting his words till he finds the cafeteria and once inside facing the vampires loses himself to his angry temper and passes out. Vincent finds himself floating above his body to see himself kneeling on the ground mask off his face and given blood by jug which he appears to refuse but is forced by vampires maneuvering him to drink it all up and sees a vampire wave a hand in front of his eyes which he doesn’t acknowledge it till blackness arrives and he comes to find himself still floating above his body to see elves placing himself with eyes open and mouth moving words unheard onto a bed with his mask placed on his chest and sees them place half a round cylinder glass like tube part over the bed covering it entirely then white smoke fills it up and then goes away. He sees himself lying in the tube bed with eyes shut and mouth closed as blackness arrives and he finds himself back into his body walking in a forest underneath the shining sun that isn’t stinging him despite not wearing the armor. He keeps walking as if guided by a path reaches the house to kneel and fixes his hair that is around his face by his fingers combing it looking at the house while feeling impatient for something. Vincent is rewarded when the front door opens and Miranda walks out which he gets up from kneeling to walk towards her walking towards him which he meets her feeling himself happy to see her despite she having a frown on her face and eyes. He feels happy to see her and places hands on her shoulders and leans forwards to kiss her but her hand on his mouth blocks him pushing him away. He frowns as she speaks that it’s not his time yet but he protests as she removes her hand that he wants to stay with her for he has nothing to live for. He again leans forwards towards Miranda who again blocks his face with a hand touching his lips which he kisses her hand while rubbing her shoulders feeling happy having her touching him. He feels a pulling sensation pulling him away from her whom he struggles to resists as the sensation gets strong and finds himself pulled away from her. He protests as he is pulled that he wants to stay with her and will do what it takes for it for he has nothing to live for and then finds himself pulled out of sight of the house into the forest till blackness arrives and he comes to find himself lying on a bed head on a pillow with mask gripped in his left hand. 
He feels a hand touching his cheek and hears a female voice speaking “Daddy."
It's sounding repeatedly over and over and he jerks his eyes open to stare at a female vampire adult leaning over him which takes him a few to recognize that she has Miranda’s face despite having a vampire like eyes and long black hair.  He sees her show happiness on her face seeing him awake that takes him a moment to figure out that she’s Jerrilyn his daughter with Miranda who is fully grown and seeing him as her father.  He sits up slowly as she removes her hand straightening up her form. He eyes her as she hands him a tube from a boxy like object he sees sitting next to the bed and is ordered to suck on it which he does and see bloody liquid come from the box into the tube and he drinks his fill feeling himself getting back to full strength and once done is handed a cup to lick his healer stuff in it which he does and Jerrilyn takes the tube and cup and places them both on top of the bed height box. He stares at his daughter as she pulls a chair and sits in it next to his bed and holds his right hand while speaking a question about his life as Adair. He hears his Aunt’s voice speaking in his mind that he should tell her everything which he does from memory of his life as Adair including how he got the name Vincent and mentions his life as Vincent while living in the Attala and pauses as he reaches the part of himself coming out of the Attala forest led by a dog with other vampires as Jerrilyn looks attentive nods her head. He frowns as she speaks that she was told all sorts of wild stories about her father after he came out of the Attala and some of those stories seemed too good to be true and she was hoping her father would set the story right by telling her himself. Vincent obeys telling her about his life after the Attala including his breakdown that caused the vampires to kick him out of the castle and into the elves’ care. He feels tiredness hitting him after telling the story to Jerrilyn and as if knowing that he’s tired his daughter stands up and gently pushes him to lie down which he doesn’t protest lies down and shuts his eyes falling asleep. He dreams himself at the Ashmere house to see a woman looking either his aunt or mother standing there. He frowns as the woman speaks in his aunt’s voice an apology for not giving him what he craved or wanted from her which she realizes it was affection hence he having those “I got to lead” chanting breakdowns along with having to use the dogs he had over the years he grew up as way of getting affection he wasn’t getting from her. He frowns as his aunt steps forwards which he doesn’t feel angry towards her but sad as she reaching him places a hand on his cheek which he feels soothed from her touch. He doesn’t say a word as her other hand touches his other cheek both hands gently rubbing him which soothes him to relax but still feels sad. He stares at his aunt who removes her hands to place them on his shoulders followed by her hugging him which he places his hands on her back and hugs her back feeling no longer sad but happy from the hug. Vincent hugged his aunt as blackness arrived. He woke up still lying in the hospital bed feeling himself much better at full strength and sat up looking around the room. He saw he was in a small rectangular room with a door at his right and there was a door on his left. He frowned seeing that his daughter was no where in sight. He got up from the bed and went to the door on his left opening it to see it was a bathroom complete with a sink, a tub shower combination and a toilet. He eyed the toilet feeling himself not needing to use it went out to the door opposite from the bathroom door to open it and peered into the hallway. He saw multiple doors in the walls on both sides of him and in front of him as he stepped out into the hallway. He heard a faint alarm sound and frowned wondering what the sound meant. Vincent stood in the hallway looking around and heard movement of footfalls heading his way on his right as he looked to see a male elf coming towards him with a frown on his face. He stood watching as the elf reached him to stand staring at him which made him feel a little weird out. 
He frowned as the elf spoke “Would you mind going back into your room so I can scan you with the medical scanner please?”
Vincent obeyed going back into the room followed by the elf. He sat on the bed watching the elf that fiddled on a device at the foot of the bed and pulled out an arm sized device which he watched waved over him. He kept his mouth shut watching the elf he assumed was a doctor wave the device over him then placed it back on the device at the bed’s foot. 
Vincent stared at the doctor who spoke “You seemed ok according to scanners but I can’t say for your mental health.” 
He nodded his head as the doctor went to a device stuck in the wall and pulled out a device that made him think it was a phone and spoke him hearing the words “He’s up and awake now. Scanners detected nothing serious. Do you want me to bring him to pick up or someone else will do it?”
Vincent frowned as the doctor paused then he heard “Affirmative will do.” 
He watched as the doctor hung up the phone and then added looking at him “Come along, I’m instructed to get you to some place for discharging from the hospital so follow me.” 
He got up from the bed putting on his mask and followed the doctor out of the room while hearing no sound of alarm as he walked out. He followed the doctor through a maze of hallways and stairwells going up till he and the doctor reached a set of double doors that he saw led to a large garage like room with multiple cars parked in it. He kept his mouth shut as the doctor lead him to the garage’s opening with the sun shining as his armor snapped open covering him and paused as he saw a van sitting outside on the floor with an elf wearing a uniform standing in front of it. 
Vincent heard the doctor speak “In you go. The vehicle will take you where you need to go.” 
He obeyed as the uniformed elf opened the doors and he got inside to sit on the seat followed by the elf that closed the doors behind him. He sat as the elf went up front to the driver’s seat and he felt the motions of the van lifting up to hover then flew into the air. He peered out the window to see the van flying over a forest of trees that looked dark and sinister which seemed familiar and he figured it was the Attala forest. He kept his eyes out the window as the van flew over the forest that seemed a bit vast in length and then flew over multiple buildings then flew over water that seemed to go on very lengthy. He frowned as the vampires’ castle came into view which made him stiffened as the van flew into a caved garage and settled down with a thump as his armor reverted getting off of him. 
He heard the elf speak “Out you go.” 
Vincent obeyed getting out of the van slamming the doors behind him. He heard the van take off as he walked towards the stairs and heard wind blowing sounds that made him stop walking as two male vampires with glares on their faces stood blocking his way. Vincent grimaced seeing them as one of them spoke “Take off your mask now.” 
He grimaced hearing the angry tone formed a blank expression on his face and took off the mask to stare at the two which showed shocked expressions on their faces followed by double take looks and looking at each other with widen eyes. Vincent frowned inwardly as one of them cautiously reached out a hand and touched his shoulder gripping it. Vincent formed a frown on his face with his lips as the other vampire reached forwards to touch him on the cheek with a finger poking him then the vampire removed his finger to take some strands of his hair as if feeling it with his hand. He eyed the vampires as the one gripping his shoulder did the same as the other vampire poking him on the cheek with a finger and taking some strands of his hair in his hand. He saw a look in their eyes that told him that they were fascinated with him hence they touching him which made him feel a little weird but he didn’t protest only kept his mouth shut. He eyed them as they stopped touching him to form glares on their faces despite still having the look in their eyes. 
He stared at them as one of them spoke with a frown in his tone “It’s your job to alert the others that you’re here along with telling that to Vampire Leader personally, not ours.” 
Vincent nodded his head of agreement as the vampires stepped aside one gesturing to the stairs which he still gripping his mask in his hand walked towards them going up them into the hallway. He felt the familiar pulling sensation frowned inwardly as the he guided by the sensation walked several hallways till he heard chatter from vampires entered the hallway to see three vampires in discussion which one of them halted their talk seeing him. He walked up to them seeing them looked shocked to see him by their widen eyes. Vincent reached them spoke “Excuse me you know where I can alert Vampire Leader that I’m here?”
Vincent frowned as the three vampires continued to stare at him then the one in the middle of the three shook his head with a frown on his face clearing his throat loudly as the vampires besides him shook their heads with frowns forming on their faces. 
Vincent waited as the vampire on his right spoke while gesturing to the middle vampire with his hand “Vincent, this is Vampire Leader Julian.” 
Vincent nodded his head in a short bob towards Julian who he noticed like the other two vampires staring at him had a look in his eyes that seemed similar to the garage vampires’ looks. 
He kept his mouth shut as Julian spoke with a frown in his tone “Interesting meeting you, Vincent. I heard lots of stories about you and never thought I would meet you.” 

Chapter Twelve
Vincent paused to grimace from the meeting of Julian he recalled to himself that the vampire had an odd way of treating him making him annoyed to be treated that way. He again got Sora's vibration to shift to eye her finding she forming an angry look on her face with her all white eyes and jabbing a finger aimed at him. Vincent groaned figuring out that she wanted more of the story he was talking about. 

"Vincent stands as Julian pauses then vampire leader points a finger at him and he finds himself restrained by two vampires and Julian holding up a knife that makes him stiffened. He frowns as Julian does some super speed motion and he finds himself freed and spies a long lock of his hair held in Julian’s hand that fist it and speaks that he should go to the cafeteria to announce himself here in the castle and that’s an order. Vincent obeys feeling himself freed turns around and walks out of the hallway feeling a pulling sensation that leads him to the cafeteria hallway where he hears silence wonders if the cafeteria is empty enters it to see multiple vampires in the room that are staring at the entrance with different emotions on their faces all having shocked looks in their eyes. He speaks that the vampire leader introduced himself to him and he’s here in the castle then feels weird out by their staring hears the bell ringing noise frowns as several vampires get up with hands clasped in front of them and he steps aside from the entrance watching them with blank expressions on their faces leave the cafeteria. He is told by a vampire tapping him on the shoulder that he should be going to the throne room and the vampire insists that he goes. Vincent doesn’t comment leaves the cafeteria to the throne room which he finds with his memory to stand at an entrance facing the throne chair watching the vampires kneel with head on the ground as he stands with arms folded. 
He watches as Julian enters the room and sits in the throne chair then eyes him with a narrowed glare before speaking the command for up then speaks “Are you challenging me, Vincent?” 
Vincent speaks “No.” 
Vincent frowns inwardly as Julian speaks with a sneering voice tone saying that he expects him kneeling whenever he’s in the throne room. Vincent speaks that he gets the order only to have Julian ask that question again which he feels annoyed speaks a no comment then Julian still using the sneering tone speaks that he didn’t give him permission to speak. He frowns as he notices the other vampires in the room each have a knife in one of their hands while glaring at him. Vincent wonders what’s with the knives as Julian orders him to leave the room to his quarters while pointing at an entrance on Vincent’s left. He walks towards the entrance to reach it only to hear Julian repeat his question which gets him more annoyed. 
Vincent turns around and speaks “No.” 
Only to hear Julian scold him for leaving without him ordering him, he frowns as Julian tells him to leave then he leaves the room walking in a hallway and speaks out loud a question “Who is Julian anyway and what’s with his attitude towards me?” 
He finds silence answers his question walks from memory to his quarters which he finds with no problem and goes inside to sit on the wing back chair and finds himself tired gets up going to the bed and lies on it falling asleep passing out. He comes to smelling blood wakes up to see his door is ajar gets up and peers out to see a jug of blood sitting on the floor. 
He picks up and eyes the jug to see it says “Fruit Juice cocktail.” 
Vincent with a groan leaves his quarters to the cafeteria using his memory to find it. 
He finds the cafeteria empty enters it to go to the kitchen and places the jug on the counter then puts a hand on the fridge only to hear a loud angry voice speaking “What do you think your doing?” 
He ignores the voice to open the fridge and again hears the voice speak “Shut that door and leave the kitchen or else.” 
He turns around to face the vampire and sees he recognizes are Ash and his brothers standing with glares on their faces in the kitchen entrance all having a knife in their hands. He speaks that he was hungry but Ash doesn’t seem to listen orders him out of the kitchen while speaking that it’s not Vincent’s responsibility to feed himself but the others and its part of vampire leader’s orders. Vincent eyes Ash and his brothers seeing that their not going to listen to him shuts the fridge door closed and walks towards them as they separate letting him thru he hears Ash speak that he’ll tell Vampire Leader about this and make sure Vincent is banned from going into the kitchen from now on. Vincent feels frustration running through him leaves the kitchen and leaves the cafeteria to go to his quarters. He inside his quarters sits in the wing back chair holding his mask in his hand and feels frustrated that his problems before his breakdown haven’t been solved and are still ongoing. He sits for awhile and then throws his mask onto the bed to stand up and pace feeling himself getting more frustrated with his situation living here. He hears a knock on the door and goes to the door to yank it open to glare at a vampire who speaks that Leonard came to visit and has asked Vincent for a chat. He goes to the bed and picks up his mask jamming it on to cover his head and follows the vampire to the garage where there is a van with doors open and an elf is in front of it with another vampire standing next to him. He goes inside the van and the elf slams the doors behind him. He kneels staring at Leonard who speaks that Julian is Augusto’s son with a female vampire before Augusto was taken away by elves and executed by them. He feels that it explains Julian’s attitude towards him in the throne room as Leonard continues to speak that there have been ten vampire leaders since Vincent was put to sleep for fifteen months which the time frame shocks him to realize that his daughter grew up during him asleep. He frowns as Leonard continues to speak that Julian has been vampire leader for three months unchallenged and that his predecessor wound up in a similar situation as Leonard himself selected Julian for the position that hasn’t been challenged since he took it. Vincent frowns forming it on his lips as Leonard continues that Julian has a from eavesdropping on his talks with other vampires is fascinated with Vincent like the other vampires are but also has some anger towards Vincent who he blames for his father’s death and hence his nasty attitude towards Vincent. He frowns as the door slams open and he looks to see a vampire who speaks that Leonard’s visit ends and that Leonard should go. He with a nod from Leonard gets out of the van and walks to the stairs ignoring the vampire following him that he senses stops following him at the stairs. He walks to his quarters from memory and finds it with no problem and once inside feels himself a familiar feeling hits the bathroom and then comes out feeling himself fine but tired which he goes to the bed and lies his form on it falling asleep. He wakes up hearing the bell sounds and with a groan gets up from his bed and leaves his quarters to the throne room which once arriving there kneels and yanks off his mask to fold his arms. 
He eyes Julian who comes into the room to sit and hears him hiss the command for up then he sees Julian eye him with a glare and hears the vampire speak “Are you challenging me, Vincent?” 
He feels disgust running through him along with annoyance speaks “No.” 
He gets the question again shakes his head no as Julian speaks that he didn’t give him permission to speak which gets him further annoyed. He glares at Julian who speaks that Vincent didn’t put his head to the ground like the other vampires did. Vincent feels disgust running through him speaks that he’ll do it next time he’s in the throne room. He gets the question again which makes him angry to not answer Julian but glare at him. He notices the other vampires in the room have knives out while their glaring at him which he shakes his head no and is ordered to leave the room to his quarters which he gets up and walks to the entrance only to get the question again. 
He turns around and speaks “Go to the depths, vampire leader.” 
Then with super speed speeds himself out of the throne room going through two hallways till he stops and walks slow to his quarters feeling angry running through him. He feels himself furious with Julian and his attitude storms to his quarters to slam the door and once inside throws his mask onto the bed then charges to a wall throwing his fist into it. He roars an angry cry and goes to his mask putting it on and stomps to the wing back chair to sit with arms folded. He sits with his anger boiling till he gets an angry rage passes out to come to standing on a cliff underneath the moonlight while holding Julian appearing to be unconscious in his arms as he raises him above him he hears a voice pleading him to not to throw Julian and give mercy like he did to Julian’s father Augusto. He feels disgust lowers Julian till he’s chest level turns around to face Ash and his brothers standing there with frowns on their faces. He stomps up to them and drops Julian at their feet and yells that Julian is their problem and then walks around them only to feel pain in his chest in the heart area while seeing a vampire facing him having a hand on a knife handle that the blade is in his chest.
He snarls out “I’ll kill you.” 
Then blackness hits him and he goes unconscious. He comes to hearing a sound of armor snapping and wakes up only to feel pain in his eyes and armor covering him while hearing the ocean waves moving. He shuts his eyes despite the pain and crawls around going away from the ocean wave sound till his head bangs against something that sounds hollow and he feels it to push it then figures it might be the door to the catacombs discovers it is by sliding it open and stumbles into the castle and slides the door closed behind him and feels relief for his eyes and armor reverted on him. He kneels to burst out in tears wailing loudly as tears fall from his eyes moaning Miranda’s name over and over then he rocks his form to chant. 
“I got to lead” over and over unaware of the time or anything around him. 
He feels hands grab his arms and he is lifted up and forced to a walk as he continues to chant his words while shaking his form unaware of where he’s going till his butt feels a seat and he continues to rock his form back and forth with arms gripping himself. He feels hands grab him restraining him as his head is force back and mouth forced open and a jug lip is felt on his lips as blood is forced down him. He senses that the blood is drugged but doesn’t acknowledge it gulps it all down till its no more and then once done continues to rock his form chanting his words over and over till he feels a prick of pain in his neck from a needle like syringe which makes him sleepy and he goes unconscious. Vincent wakes up in his quarters feeling a sickness hitting him. He gets up going to the bathroom and uses the toilet to expel waste and once done goes to the sink to wash his hands then leans against the sink eyes staring at the mirror that doesn’t show his reflection while feeling depression hitting him. He speaks out loud that he would rather not stay at the castle but else where just to avoid suffering from the vampires torturing him with drugged blood along with making him sick from having him drink something that isn’t blood and knifing him repeatedly in their repeated attempts to kill him along with himself not doing anything right in the eyes of their vampire leader and the vampires themselves and then adds loudly in a groaning tone that he prefers to live with his daughter and what family she has instead while speaking that the castle vampires made it clear that they have outcast him by their treatment. Vincent hears the bell sounding groans leaving his bathroom to stand staring at the closed door which he drops to his knees to kneel staring at it while hearing the bells sounding. He feels no urge to leave his quarters crawls to the bed to lay his form on it on his left side facing the door which he eyes it before shutting his eyes and allows himself to sleep dreaming of himself at the Ashmere house pacing back and forth. He in the dream has his arms folded while eyeing the house as he walked with the house facing his sides. He speaks out loud that he can’t take the vampires’ negative attitude towards him anymore and is fed up with it. He continues to speak while pacing that he’s tired of being tortured by them as in feeding him drugged blood and liquid that isn’t blood just to get him sicker along with repeatedly knifing him as in their attempts to kill him over and over and himself seemingly not doing anything right to their eyes and them not accepting him as one of their own. He continues to speak as he paces that he doesn’t want to live at the castle any more for its apparent that the vampires don’t want him there and he prefers to live elsewhere possibly with his daughter and whatever family she has. He speaks as he paces that if he doesn’t get to leave the castle he’ll go to the cliff and throw himself off it for he has nothing to live for except being tortured by the vampires who made it clear that they wanted him dead and he’ll grant their wish by drowning in the ocean just to stop his pain of the torture the vampires repeatedly keep inflicting on him which he tired of receiving. He turns around in a pace only to feel a hand touching his shoulder which he looks to his right to see his father who has an angry look on his face that makes him grimace from the look. 
He groans out “Father, make it stop please. I can’t take it anymore. I’m tired of their torturing me.” 
His father interrupts with fury in his voice speaking that no son of his would give up his life with things bad as they are without finding a way out of them.  Vincent protests that the only solution to stop it is to leave the castle but his father continues speaking as if not hearing him that he expects Vincent to tolerate their treatment and find a way out of it for the solution is there and it’ll present itself when the time is right. Vincent opens his mouth as blackness arrives and he finds himself back in his room laying in bed opens his eyes to smell blood and sees his door is ajar. With a groan he gets up going to the door and eyes the jug.
He sees says “Fruit juice cocktail.” 
Vincent groans loudly and picks it up which he figures that he’ll just pour it down the sink goes back inside and shuts his door. He puts two fingers pinching his nose to block out the smell and carries it arm length to the bathroom and pours out the contents into the sink then turns on the water washing away the smell and contents staining in the sink. He carries the jug outside his quarters and throws it in the hallway hearing it thud hitting the floor and yells loudly that he’s not drinking fruit juice cocktail and is sick and tired of being given that to drink. He storms inside his quarters slamming the door and stomps to his bed feeling himself very angry at the vampires trying to get him sick again. He feels furiously angry looks around for his mask and doesn’t find it as an angry rage arrives and he comes to find himself kneeling in the cafeteria restrained by hands holding his arms and he sees Julian standing in front of him looking annoyed by his expression on his face while noticing the other vampires are in the room having range of emotions on their faces. He feels the weird familiar feeling that tells him that he’s been drugged snarls that he should have tossed Augusto off the cliff instead of giving him mercy as whined by his brother Armand begging him not to for what Augusto did killing his mate Miranda he names and he’s ticked off about that Augusto’s son is picking on him for what happened to his father. He continues to rant that he’s sick and tired of vampires repeatedly trying to kill him by knifing him and he’s fed up with it. He struggles against the vampires’ hold with no success while snarling that he’ll kill the one whoever that person is that came up with the idea of having himself live at the castle after recovering from his breakdown when its obvious that the vampires including their leader don’t want him there by their actions of out casting him judging by them trying to kill him after what he did to Julian he names. He continues to rant that if the vampires don’t want him here they should have told him to leave with Leonard who came for a visit and possibly put him in a vehicle and have it driven elsewhere for he would rather live elsewhere than in the castle with vampires who obviously don’t want him here. He sees Julian point a finger at him and then feels a prick of pain in his neck follows by sleepiness which he rants out that he’s tempted leave the castle and throw himself off the cliff and led himself drown in the ocean just to spare himself of more torture from the vampires who won’t stop picking on him and he shuts his eyes going unconscious. Vincent wakes up hearing electrical humming sounds jerks his eyes open to discover that he’s in the brig and the gate is humming of electricity. He feels a familiar sickness feeling gets up and goes to a corner adjusting his pants and once done pulls his pants up to walk away from the corner to another corner and sits back leaning against the wall. He grumbles out loud that the vampires are keeping him alive and in the castle as some toy to amuse them out of their boredom which he frowns abruptly while adding out loud if that’s why he’s at the castle then he wants it to stop. Vincent continues to rant out loud that’s he’s not a toy but a living being that has feelings which the vampires aren’t getting it towards him but treating him as some toy to stab with their knives when they get the urge to knife something along with getting amused by feeding him drugged blood just to hear his thoughts by him speaking it out loud. He continues to rant that he’ll kill the one who came up with the idea of treating him like that just to teach the fool a lesson along with killing the person who decided for him to continue living at the castle after his breakdown instead of having him live with his daughter. He continues to rant that he should be living with his daughter and her family instead of suffering hell just to amuse vampires while living in the castle and he’s angry that the elves allowed it to happen to him instead of stopping it. He feels tiredness rants that if Julian he names asks him that are you challenging me question again to him he’ll fist Julian and for he had it with being asked that question. He shuts his eyes and dreams of the Ashmere house to stand with arms folded eyes glaring at it. Vincent feels a hand on his shoulder looks to his right to see his father who has an angry look on his face. He groans out that the vampires are treating him as a toy to amuse them out of boredom and he’s sick of it. 
He gets interrupted by his father speaking with fury in his voice “That conclusion is not acceptable. You can think well than that Vincent.” 
He frowns as his father glares at him with fury in his eyes which makes him grimace to speak “They won’t stop trying to kill me.” 
He grimaces forming it on his face as his father speaks “Your Aunt raised you to think, Vincent, and you’re not doing it.” 
He frowns as his father abruptly hugs him in an ironclad grip which his nose smells something familiar like blood but it’s not that smelly but faint that bothers him to pinch his nose with his hand despite having his father’s arms around him. 
He groans loudly as the smell stops removes his hand and his father stops hugging him to speak “Think, Vincent, do what your Aunt taught you and you’ll figure out the situation soon enough.” 
Vincent opens his mouth to speak and blackness arrives only to jerk his eyes open finding himself still in the cell with gates silence of electricity but not alone for there’s a vampire standing next to him leaning forwards yanking a hand away from his face.  He sits up as the vampire fades from view and he eyes the cell doors seeing them slam shut followed by electricity humming again. He frowns wondering what brought that vampire in the cell as the vampire’s face flashes in his mind which he frowns remembering it had some scared look on it while having another look in the eyes that seemed familiar. Vincent continues to frown wondering what’s with that familiar look recalls two vampires fighting each other which he remembering them as Bruno and Leonard which Bruno wins the fight then Leonard seems to be looking at him with the same look but hides it when Bruno looks at Leonard. Vincent frowns on his face as he gets a memory of himself visiting the cafeteria for the first time after arriving at the castle from the hospital and meeting Julian seeing too many to count vampires having similar looks in their eyes aimed at him. He frowns as it dawns to him that the look is reverence mutters out loud. 
“Reverence? Vampires are revering me but for what? What’s up with them doing that and showing some odd behavior towards me by picking on me and knifing me?” 
He pauses to frown as he recalls some of the elf’s talk in front of Leonard’s presence talking about not all of the vampires being loyal to him and is hiding it from the others.
He speaks out loud “I don’t think some of the vampires are seeing me as the majority is doing. Harrumph” 
He frowned as he leaned back against the wall and stared at the gate then shut his eyes. Vincent heard a loud howling like sound jerked his eyes open to stare at the gate seeing three vampires behind it with one having hands cupping his mouth. Vincent sat up recognizing one as Julian who had arms folded with a glare on his face. 
He spoke “Something I can do for you? If not then let me sleep.” 
Vincent stared at Julian whose eyes became more glaring with an annoyed expression on his face. 
He frowned forming it on his lips as Julian spoke with a sneer in his voice tone “Are you challenging me, Vincent?” 
With a growl of feeling rage hitting him, Vincent stood up and marched to the gate and reaching it he spoke “If this gate wasn’t between us I would give in temptation and bash your head for that question. Get it straight, Julian, I’ll challenge you first chance I get if you keep asking me that question. I’m sick of hearing it.” 
Vincent folded his arms to glare at Julian who spoke as if not hearing his words “Are you challenging me, Vincent?”
With a roar from his anger full blown Vincent grabbed the gate despite it humming of electricity and yanked it off the walls pushing it aside then charged towards Julian who like the other vampires faded from view. 
He heard his father’s voice yelling “Calm down now!”
The words felt like a command compelling him to shut his eyes standing motionless. He felt his anger simmering willed the emotion to go away jerked open his eyes to look around him. He was still in the brig outside his cell with the gate leaning on its side and saw sparks flashing in his eyes sight which he looked up to see wires in the ceiling looking torn and turned his eyes towards the gate. He looked at its entire length seeing at one end near the ceiling were wires attached that looked torn. He raised his hands to eye length and stared at them seeing that they were looking normal and intact with no injury from touching the gate despite it humming of electricity. Vincent lowered his hands and looked at the door to the brig.
Vincent spoke out loud “What the depths are you vampires doing to me?”
He frowned as there was only silence and no answer came to him. Vincent walked towards the door which opened to show a vampire that had a shocked expression on his face along with reverence he recognized in his eyes and then the vampire faded from view slamming the door. He went to the door and yanked it open to peer out seeing no one in sight. Groaning loudly he walked out of the brig feeling a pulling sensation that compelled him to follow its guiding him through the maze of hallways and stairwells till he reached a hallway he recognized led to the cafeteria. He heard whispering of vampire voices sounding from the cafeteria entered the hallway and heard silence from the cafeteria’s vampires. He waved a fist in the air and formed a glare on his face allowing anger to take control. 
He heard his father’s voice yell “Calm down now!”
Vincent halted from his walk to fold his arms and bow his head shutting his eyes. He willed the angry feeling to leave him then looked up opening his eyes to spot a vampire standing in front of him fade from view. He unfolded his arms to rub a hand on his forehead shaking his head feeling himself confused wondering what the vampires are up to. He continued to walk down the hallway and reached the cafeteria entrance to walk inside seeing vampires all of them staring at the entrance watching him enter the room. 
Vincent spoke “I like my mask back.” 
He folded his arms and formed a serious expression on his face as he eyed the vampires looking at them in the eyes while noticing that they all had reverence in their eyes. 
He heard a sneering voice tone behind him saying “Shouldn’t you be in the brig? I didn’t order you out.” 
He stiffened recognizing the voice as Julian slowly turned around to face the vampire who stood with arms folded a glaring look in his eyes and face identical to the looks of two other vampires besides him. 
He spoke “I want my mask back.” 
Julian to his annoyance spoke as if not hearing him “Are you challenging me, Vincent?”
Vincent felt anger arrive within him boil as Julian repeated his question. He fisted his hands as he lowered them from their folded position while staring at Julian who again repeated his question. 
He felt himself losing it to his angry temper before passing out roared out “Yes!”
Next thing Vincent knew he came to find himself lying in bed in his quarters feeling sore all over like he had been hit and sat up groaning. 
He rubbed a hand on his forehead and spoke out loud “What happened to me? What the depths is Julian doing to me?”
He groaned lying down and heard the door open followed by the smell of blood. Groaning he got up and went to the door yanking it open to stare at the jug that said “Fruit Juice Cocktail.” 
Groaning he picked it up and brought it to his lips tasting it and frowned sensing it was pure blood and not the drink as labeled. He held the jug up and stared at it and with a groan again brought the jug to his lips drinking the entire contents. He once finished licked the rim his healer and then dropped the jug onto the floor with a thud and walked back into his quarters slamming the door. 
He groaned out loud “What’s going on with the vampires hiding their loyalty to me?”
Shaking his head of confusion he eyed the bed and went to it laying his form sideways and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. He came to find himself lying in the opposite direction feeling much better but with some strength back which he sat up to look around the room. He saw with distaste running through him a closed bag of bloody like liquid on a table next to the wing back chair and figured to himself that the vampires were checking to see if he was still alive. He sat up and went to the wing back chair to sit leaning in it. 
He eyed the door frowning as his eyes looked around and thought to himself “What am I doing in my quarters instead of the brig? What did I do after I answered Julian along with what did the vampires do to me too?”
He groaned out loud and continued to think to himself “Just like to see what I’m doing whenever I get those angry rages. At least I’ll be able to remember it and think of a better strategy to fight instead of going mindless insane.”
He frowned as the door opened and smelled blood which he went to the door and eyed the jug that said the same thing as before. He lifted the jug up and took a sip tasting the blood to discover it was the same as before gulped it down then licked the rim of his healer. He dropped the jug onto the floor and went back into his quarters closing the door not caring that he slammed it. He went to the wing back chair to sit and felt himself too restless to sit stood up and paced then with a groan went to his quarters’ door yanking it open. Vincent frowned as he saw a vampire standing there with shock on his face having reverence in his eyes. 
He spoke “Something I can do for you? Speak it or I’m leaving just to get out of being in my quarters.”
He frowned as the vampire faded from view and rolled his eyes feeling annoyance running through him. He walked out into the hallway and slammed the door shut and walked in the hallway feeling the familiar pulling sensation. He guided by the sensation frowned as he saw it was taking him to the garage which he arrived there to see an elf arguing with a vampire. He went down the stairs and overheard them talking about himself which the elf wanted to talk to him but the vampire was saying that he was indisposed. 
Vincent spoke as he reached them “Hello? I’m here. What do you want with me?”
He eyed the vampire that looked at him with a furious look and he frowned as the vampire spoke with annoyance in his tone “Don’t take long or else.”
The vampire he stared at faded from view as he turned his attention towards the elf who spoke “Get in the van. I don’t trust the vampires to try to overhear this.” 
He obeyed seeing a van with doors opened and went inside to sit followed by the elf that slammed the doors shut behind him. 
He stared at the elf who spoke “Julian is one sick vampire.”
He formed a frown on his face showing it on his lips as the elf continued to speak “Julian got it in his head from overhearing him talking to his companions that he’ll do what it takes to get you to fight him hence he asking that question ‘Are you challenging me?’ to you over and over.” 
He frowned inwardly as the elf gave off a harrumph then the elf continued to speak “Anyway from hearing things in the cafeteria you had an angry rage episode which Julian didn’t stick around to fight you instead planned to lead you all over the castle with several vampires in the hallways armed with sticks ready to hit you if you entered their hallway. I don’t know how but you managed to avoid chasing Julian waited in the cafeteria acting like you were having a breakdown till Julian returned and then proceeded to attack him once he was cornered in the room. Ugh from the sound of things it appears that several vampires got involved in trying to keep you from using your fists on Julian but from the sound it appears they didn’t succeed. Sound recorders picked up Julian yelling in terror before groaning loudly with fists hitting sounds then silence. Other sounds detailed that the vampires in the room got into a fight with words said them arguing on whether you should be vampire leader for defeating Julian while others were saying that that sick vampire was just trying to see if you’ll blow your temper hence you picking on him.”
Vincent frowned as the elf paused to give off another harrumph sound and then continued to speak “From sounds after you punched out Julian you left the cafeteria and entered your quarters going through vampires armed with sticks in the hallways them not successful in knocking you out but them being knocked out. Anyway Julian from recorders managed to recover from you fisting him but it seems from his chats with two other vampires that he hasn’t learned his lesson and is still trying to get you to fight him. I’m not sure why but I suspect that Julian is picking on you for what happened to his father who we’re aware of that the vampire knows that you beaten his father up before handing him to us for execution. His father’s brother was the one who told Julian what you did to his father including the detail of trying to throw his father off the cliff after beating him up which Armand convinced you to not do it.”
He heard the sound of the van doors open looked to see the vampire was back who spoke “Time’s up. Vincent get out now or else.” 
Vincent frowned as the elf spoke “I’ll be back for more chats.” 
He nodded his head and got out of the van slamming the doors behind him and walked to the stairs followed by the vampire. He heard the van take off as he reached the stairs. 
He heard the vampire behind him give off a harrumph sound followed by saying with anger in his voice tone “Julian will have your head for kicking him out of the position of Vampire Leader.” 
Vincent spun around using super speed to face the vampire whose eyes were wide with fear in them. 
He growled out “Tell Julian that if he wants to fight me he should stand and fight instead of running away like a coward.” 
He pointed a finger at the vampire and then turned around walking up the stairs to feel pain in his back that felt suspiciously like a knife. 
He fell to his knees as he heard the vampire speak “Give my regards to Augusto.” 
Vincent jerked arching his back as he felt the knife removed from his back followed by blackness hitting him. He came to find himself kneeling on the ground drinking from a jug of blood practically gulping it down. He once finished dropped the jug down and smelled another jug which his eyes found and grabbed it gulping down the contents sensing it was pure blood. He gulped the entire contents down licked the jug’s rim then dropped the jug onto the floor and stood up looking around to find himself in the catacombs. 
He frown feeling annoyance running through him as he spoke out loud “Drat vampires. Can’t they stop knifing me and trying to kill me? I’m getting fed up with this.” 
He growled an angry sound as his anger wouldn’t come frowned some more and walked out of the catacombs feeling a pulling sensation which he guided by it led him to the hallway to the cafeteria. 
He paused from his walk to roll his eyes and thought to himself “Here we go again.”
He heard whispering sounds from the cafeteria become silent as he entered the hallway and then entered the cafeteria to see most of the vampires had reverence in their eyes while a few had glares in them aimed at him. He frowned as his eyes settled on Julian standing in the middle of the room with arms folded a sneering look was on his face. 
Julian spoke with sarcasm “Well what do we have here? Its vampire leader, hah I’m not taking your orders and you’ll have to make me do them.” 
Vincent heard his father’s voice speaking “Calm down now!”
He shrugged as he willed his anger away from him and spoke with a neutral tone “Are you challenging me, Julian?”
Vincent stared at Julian whose sneering look left his eyes with fear in them with the vampire opening and closing his mouth gaping at him. 
He again shrugged and spoke with the same neutral tone “Anything else you want to say Julian before I give off some orders since I’m vampire leader like you said?”
Vincent stared at Julian with a neutral expression on his face as the vampire gaped at him. He noticed several vampires in the room were gaping at him with open mouths and some were shaking their heads with confusion in their faces. 
He frowned inwardly thinking to himself “Oh what the depths are you up to, Julian? Your reaction and other vampires’ reactions suggested you wanted me to do something but I’m not doing it like you wanted.”
Vincent frowned even further noticing some of the vampires who didn’t react with confusion or gaping had expressions changed to anger with angry looks in their eyes darting from him to Julian back and forth. 
He thought to himself “Julian what reaction did you expected from me that I’m not doing it hence the other vampires’ reactions?”
Vincent eyed Julian who shook his head with anger forming on his face before the vampire spoke with again sarcasm “Well what orders do you want to give vampire leader?”
He opened his mouth then shut it closed as he recalled visiting the cafeteria before to ask for his mask and wasn’t given it. 
He spoke still using the neutral tone “I want my mask back so hand it over.”
Vincent folded his arms eyes aimed at Julian whose angry look left his face followed by the vampire burst out laughing hysterically.   
He felt himself stiffening from Julian’s laughing reaction as the vampire spoke in a laughing tone “His first order is his mask, hah ha.” 
He heard laughter among the other vampires and noticed that those who were angry were the ones laughing with Julian while the others were staring at him with shocked expressions on their faces. 
He frowned further inwardly to think “Julian you’re really up to something hence you’re laughing and the vampires’ reactions.” 
He shrugged and spoke loudly “What’s so funny about that order Julian? I like my mask back so I’m ordering that.” 
Vincent stared at Julian who continued to laugh as if he hadn’t heard him blubbering “He wants his mask back hah ha.” 
He felt himself getting impatient cupped his hands to his mouth and howled some nonsense sound which got Julian and vampires to stop laughing but staring at him with glares on their faces.  
Vincent lowered his hands and folded his arms as he spoke struggling to hide his impatience in his voice “I like my mask back and I don’t find that funny when it’s just a simple order.” 
He again eyed Julian who spoke with anger in his voice “Try getting any of us to follow your orders and you’ll find none of us will period.” 
He heard the other vampires in the room echo agreement statements to Julian’s words which stiffened him. 
Vincent thought to himself “So that’s what Julian is up to. Making me think I’m vampire leader when he’s still in position to continue picking on me.” 
With a frown he saw Julian point a finger at him and stiffened feeling the familiar stinging pain in his back followed by darkness hitting him till he went unconscious. Vincent came to find himself once again drinking from a jug while in a kneeling position. He finished the jug’s contents smelled blood dropped it onto the floor and looked eyes searching for another jug which he found and grabbed it lifting it to his lips. He gulped it down entirely and licked the rim his healer to drop the jug onto the floor. He looked around to discover himself in his quarters kneeling on the floor with two jugs lying next to him. 
He frowned to speak out loud “Julian is one sick vampire who is playing some game with me hence his picking on me behavior.” 
He gave off a sound of disgust got up from the floor and kicked the jugs to the walls before heading to the bed. He laid his form on the bed on his left side facing the door and shut his eyes falling asleep. He dreamed of the Ashmere house to stand staring at it and felt a hand on his right shoulder which he assumed belonged to his father and looked seeing that he was correct. 
He frowned seeing a look of fury on his father’s face who spoke “That conclusion is not acceptable.  Think of a better alternative, my son.”
He spoke “The only other reason Julian would be picking on me is revenge for what I did to his father.” 
He frowned further seeing the look of fury was still on his father’s face who spoke “Think otherwise, Adair.” 
Vincent stiffened at the name of Adair frowned as the memory of Julian cutting a lock of his hair using super speed flashed in his mind.  
He spoke “Adair? What has Adair got anything to do with that?”
He heard a growl sound of anger from his father as his father’s eyes narrowed becoming more glaring as the memory of Julian’s laughing reaction to him ordering for his mask back flashed in his mind which he stiffened. 
Vincent spoke “Julian is revering me but is showing it different from the other vampires hence his picking on me behavior.” 
Vincent frowned as his father nodded his head before speaking “Julian’s mother raised him to believe that Adair, you, was some hero all his life before once grown being told that you had something to do with his father’s death.”
He spoke “Hence Julian’s behavior towards me, he reveres me but is angry that I had something to do with his father being executed by elves.” 
He saw his father again nod his head in agreement before speaking “Your mask, Adair, I’m afraid you’ll have to go without it. Those obsessed with you have it and won’t be willing to give it back.”
He opened his mouth as blackness arrived and jerked opened his eyes to discover himself lying in the opposite direction he first lain while feeling himself much better from the sleep. He sat up to stare at the table next to the wing back chair to see the familiar bag was there. 
He groaned speaking out loud “Why is Julian in vampire leadership position far longer than the average vampire?”
He gave a harrumph and added out loud “Don’t tell me his belief in Adair have something to do with it hence he still in position.”
He gave off another harrumph and spoke “I bet that’s why he hasn’t been challenged because of belief in Adair which is popular among the other vampires but I’m surprised that their still letting him keep the position despite him treating me ridiculous.” 
Vincent cut himself off when he heard the door open and smelled blood. He got up from the bed and went to the door yanking it open. He saw the jug with the familiar words was sitting there which he picked up and gave the contents a careful sip. He sensed it was pure blood drank it all up and licked the rim his healer then dropped the jug onto the floor and walked back into his quarters slamming the door. He went to the wing back chair and sat eyes staring at the door with a frown on his face. 
He spoke out loud “If the other vampires revere me then why are they letting Julian get away with his actions towards me? If I were them I would have kicked him out of position for his treatment towards me.” 
He gave a sound of disgust as he heard a knock on the door. He frowned and got up from the chair and went to the door yanking it open to stare at three vampires he recognized as Ash and his brothers but unsure which one was Ash. He saw that the three had reverence in their eyes but had angry looks on their faces. 
Vincent spoke “Something I can do for you or vampire leader Julian?”
He saw the angry expressions changed to shock with eyes widen as he spoke “Vampire leader Julian never gave up the position. He played some joke in making me think I had the position just for amusement.”
He paused seeing the shocked expressions changed to annoyance as he continued “Tell the other vampires to deadpan their reactions to the vampire leader’s jokes. I figured it out from the looks at them that vampire leader was playing a joke on me.” 
He paused hearing growling noises come from one of the vampires and added “What do you want? Speak it or go away for your wasting my time.” 
Vincent folded his arms staring at the three as one of them spoke with fury in his voice “Vampire leader wants you in the cafeteria, Adair.” 
He frown hearing the name Adair seeing reverence again in their eyes shrugged and walked out passed them into the hallway sensing them following him while feeling a pulling sensation that led him to the hallway leading to the cafeteria. He again heard whispering cut itself off as he neared the entrance. He entered the cafeteria to spy while looking around Julian standing in the middle of the room with a glare on his face and reverence he saw in vampire leader’s eyes before it went away with some glaring stare 
He folded his arms staring at Julian who spoke with sarcasm “Well vampire leader, what are you planning to do with the position since no one is going to take your orders?”
He heard a familiar voice from besides him he recognized as one of the three brothers speaking “Ugh he figured out that your still vampire leader and was playing a joke on him. He said that he discovered the joke from the reactions of the other vampires in the room.”
He eyed Julian whose look became more glaring as he saw the other vampires in the room appear to be shocked expressions while appearing to have fear looks in their eyes aimed at vampire leader."

Chapter Thirteen
Vincent again paused to groan loudly only to get Sora's familiar vibration which he spoke in response.

"Vincent sees Julian point a finger at him and feels pain in his back that knocks him out unconscious. He comes to feeling his armor snapping over him and his eyes feeling pain keeps them closed while hearing the ocean water moving. He thinks he knows where he is goes away from the water to feel zapping pain while hearing something that sounds like electricity. He backs up and feels it stop then with a growl charges forward fast to feel electrical currents again while hitting something hollow and then faints unconscious. He dreams of the Ashmere Manor house to meet his father again who tells him to drop the Vincent name and start referring himself as Adair which he isn’t happy to hear. His father tells him that it’ll stop some of the vampires’ nasty behavior towards him from them viewing him as Vincent instead of Adair and mentions that he should ask Julian this question.
“Are you seeing me as Adair or Vincent?” For it’ll annoy the vampire leader and make the other vampires question who they are viewing Adair/Vincent as. 
He frowns as his father fades from view and he sees the front door open to see Miranda walk out with a frown on her face which he waits as she walks up to him and he hugs her with the elf female not hugging him and he puts his lips on the side of her neck kissing her while speaking her name repeatedly then abruptly feels himself pulled away from her. He protests crying out her name as he is pulled away from the house into the forest then darkness hits his eyes and he finds himself lying on a mattress that feels like his quarters’ mattress with armor reverted off of him and he has a cloth covering his eyes. He sits up yanking the cloth off his eyes to stare around the room seeing its his quarters and feels himself hungry as the door to his room opens ajar follows by the smell of blood which he gets up going out the door to see Julian with two vampires each holding a jug of blood in their hands. He frowns as Julian with a glare on his face asks him his familiar question which he doesn’t comment keeps his mouth shut as one vampire whispers in Julian’s ear which he overhears with his powerful hearing that Julian hasn’t given Adair he names permission to speak. He keeps his face in a neutral expression as Julian gives him the talk order then again asks his familiar question which he speaks a no comment then gets that question and feels like Julian is annoying him hence the question which he just stares with a neutral expression on his face. He keeps his mouth shut as a vampire whispers in Julian’s ear with him overhearing that Adair is being annoying by not giving off any emotions to the question. He frowns inwardly wondering if Julian is actually vampire leader or the two vampires besides Julian are doing the leadership with Julian as figurehead. He sees Julian frown then orders Vincent handed the blood which he drinks it all up from both jugs and licks one of the rims his healer and is ordered to stay inside the quarters period. Vincent goes inside slamming the door and feels satisfied doing it in Julian’s face. He hits the bed lying on his side asleep to dream of the Ashmere house with his father besides him looking furious which bothers him as his father speaks that Julian isn’t a figurehead and that the two vampires are just advisors who give off advice in opinion on things to Julian who either accepts or rejects the advise. Vincent doesn’t say a word keeps his mouth shut as his father continues that he should take off his shirt and examine his back and chest for knife wounds as blackness arrives. He comes to find himself facing the opposite direction sits up removing his shirt to feel with his hand on his back a round device over his heart area which he with effort yanks it out and feels a sting pain as it comes out and brings it in his eyes sight to see it’s a device with a button on it. He puts it on the mattress then feels his chest to feel an identical device over his heart area yanks it out to feel stinging pain and examines the devices to place them on the mattress and presses one of their buttons to see the device give off sparking electricity while vibrating movements and figures that its his previous knifing was from the devices which he puts on his shirt and grabs the devices holding them carefully and leaves his quarters. He travels to the cafeteria feeling a pulling sensation and reaches the cafeteria to see Julian standing in the middle of the room who berates him for leaving his quarters without ordered. Vincent holds up the devices while hearing muffled gasps sounds from the other vampires in the room while seeing Julian looking more furious. He frowns as a vampire appears at his side asking for the devices with nervousness in his voice tone. Vincent doesn’t comment hands the devices to the vampire who fade from view which he looks at Julian who ask him his familiar question which he asks the question his father told him to ask and sees Julian’s black eyes flare golden and hears vampire leader give off a roar sounding angry and frowns seeing Julian being restrained by three vampires having hands on the vampire leader. He hears whispers sounding like grumbling among the other vampires in the room talking about his question as a female vampire comes up to him and demands him to leave while pointing a finger at the entrance to the cafeteria. He doesn’t comment frowns sensing the other vampires becoming hostile towards him which he leaves the room feeling a pulling sensation which he arrives at the garage to see an elf arguing with a vampire subject about him whom the vampire is refusing to get him as the elf is asking. He makes his presence known as the elf orders him inside the van and once inside he meets Leonard who asks him if he remembered anything involving knifes and Leonard’s presence with him. He frowns as he gets memory of Leonard and himself standing next to a bucket of knifes in a room and Leonard orders him to throw the knifes to the dummy standing a bit away from him to hit laser balls on the dummy which he sees Leonard hold up a device and point it at the dummy which he sees a beam line light comes out of the device hitting the dummy. Vincent in the memory grabs knifes and tosses them to the dummy hitting each laser ball with accuracy as Leonard moves the laser all over the dummy. He frowns recalling Bruno and other vampires requesting him to hand them knifes each time he caught them thrown at him. He speaks the memory of Leonard and mentions the other vampires asking him to hand him knifes which he is told by Leonard that throwing knifes is a vampire war move and the vampires were testing Vincent on how accurate he throws knifes. He nods his head as Leonard continues that Vincent’s accurate throwing knifes at the dummy suggested that Vincent is deadly when throwing knifes at other vampires who could die from being hit by a knife thrown by Vincent. He frowns forming it on his face as Leonard continues to speak that Vincent’s knife throwing speed was tested and discovered that his throwing speed is very fast, faster than normal vampire throwing speed which vampires think it contributed to Vincent’s knife accuracy on the dummy. He frowns as Leonard continues that the dummy had a sensor that detailed how hard the knife hit it from Vincent throwing it and the dummy sensor revealed knifes thrown was very, very hard. He listens as Leonard speaks that there was another test with another dummy which Vincent was told to throw the knife at the dummy just to test if his hard throwing would knock the dummy backwards which he threw the knife hitting the dummy in the heart area and the dummy went backwards all the way on its back crashing out of the stand restraints on its feet holding it up. He frowns as the van doors open cutting Leonard’s talk which a vampire there orders Vincent out which he obeys and then sees the van fly away. Vincent hears the vampire comment that Julian is angry at him and will punish him for disobeying his orders. 
He hears his father’s voice in his mind he figured yelling “Back off now!”
He doesn’t comment ignores the vampire to walk away from the male who cuts off his talking. He reaches the stairs only to find himself facing the opposite direction holding a knife in his hand while seeing the vampire looking nervous who requests his knife back. Vincent feels annoyed turns around and throws the knife at the wall and sees it stick into the wall which he walks away going up the stairs hearing the vampire’s grunting noises and figures that the male was trying to pull his knife from the wall. He feels a pulling sensation follows it to his quarters which he goes inside slamming the door and sits in the wing back chair feeling annoyed with himself.  He hears pounding on the door goes to it to yank it open and sees four vampires there brimming of hostile anger who one tells him that Julian wants him on the cliff period. Vincent doesn’t comment walks out following two vampires with two behind him. He reaches the path to outside to see it’s cloudy without the sun out which doesn’t bring out his armor. He frowns seeing Julian standing at the cliff with arms folded with five other vampires there all brimming of hostility anger. He frowns as Julian points a finger at him and jerks as he feels pain in his chest and back from seeing a vampire stabbing him in the chest with a knife and goes unconscious. He floats above his body watching as Julian orders his body thrown off the cliff into the water down below while insisting on doing that order. He watches as three vampires grab his body and lug it up and toss it over the cliff which he watches his body fall into the ocean water as the sun comes out which his armor comes out then revert back and forth while he is floating in the water then sinks underneath the water followed by blackness arriving to his eyes sight as the scene goes black. Vincent finds himself back at the Ashmere Manor house feeling a little happy as he stands fixing his hair and waits as Miranda with a frown on her face walks out of the house which he feels happy to see her as she reaches him. He hugs her while speaking her name and she doesn’t say anything but doesn’t hug him either. He brings his mouth to her neck on her left side and kisses her there repeatedly and tightens his hold on her thinking that he’s finally with Miranda and can be with her from now on. He feels a pulling sensation as a hand grabs one of his hands yanking him from Miranda which he doesn’t see the hand’s owner speaks Miranda’s name and saying that he doesn’t want to leave her as he is pulled away from her away from the house into the forest till the house disappears from view and then blackness arrives hitting his eyes sight and then there’s nothing more. Vincent comes to with eyes opening to find himself staring at a glass window while lying on something soft that feels like a bed and eyes the window to see its part of a cylinder tube and feels he is healed from being thrown in the water from feeling no pain or anything painful hitting him. He rises up a hand and touches the cylinder tube part as it opens and an elf’s face comes into view which he lowers his hand and stares at the elf who waves a scanner over him then speaks that he’s fine. Vincent sits up to discover he’s in a small room with a door at the right and there’s machinery like devices stuck in the walls all around him that confuses him. He is requested to get up and stand by the elf which he does and speaks wondering what happened to him for he remembers himself being knifed while on a cliff and thrown off it into the water by Julian. He sees a disgust expression on the elf’s face who speaks with disgust in his voice that Adair he calls Vincent was implanted with a signal device marking his location along with his armor having some sensor implant to give off an alarm if water hit it which the alarm went off. It took the elves three suns of non stop searching into the night to track Adair with the signal device in the ocean till they caught up with him among a pod of Dolphins who were keeping him alive by keeping him on the surface and protecting him from the burn of the sun by spraying water on him due to his armor stopping its protection job which the armor was fixed and is working now but is still sensitive to water like every other vampires’ armors. He frowns as the elf continues to speak that Adair was in forced sleep for fourteen suns to heal up from injuries and that the elves are still working on removing Julian from his leadership position with no success for the other vampires are preventing them from that. He feels a little furious as the elf tells him that their going to bring him to the Vampires’ castle to personally attend to Julian and be his executioner if its necessary due to Julian’s attitude towards him. Vincent keeps his mouth shut as the elf leads him out of the room to a hallway which he follows and goes through a doorway seeing it’s a kitchen like room which he is handed a jug a blood by another elf and told to drink up which he obeys gulping it all down discovering the blood is the best he ever tasted. He is given another jug which he gulps down and feels himself full licks the rim his healer then hands the jug back to the elf. He is ordered to follow another elf which he obeys and reaches the familiar garage room and goes into a car to sit and feels it fly into the air as his armor comes onto him with him shutting his eyes during the whole car ride. He keeps his eyes shut as the armor stops and he finds the car in the vampires’ garage room which he gets out and hears the car fly away. He frowns seeing a vampire at the steps of the stairs that look bugged eyed and a gaping expression on his face that shakes his head and fades from view. Vincent travels in the castle to the cafeteria room which he hears whispering stop as he reaches the hallway and then enters the room to fold his arms with a glare on his face. He notices vampires in the room look nervous by their expressions on their faces. He speaks with a growling tone demanding for vampire leader Julian while noticing the vampire isn’t in the room and mentions needing to talk to him. He keeps his mouth shut as he hears whispering sounding like Julian’s voice from over his right to spot Ash and his brothers looking annoyed standing in a row and he senses Julian is behind them hiding. He listens as Julian whispers telling a vampire to get Adair he names to his quarters and stay there. Vincent shrugs speaks addressing Julian loudly that he’s not going to his quarters without a talk to the vampire leader and wants to know why he’s hiding behind three vampires like a coward instead of facing him. He stiffens sensing a presence behind him with super speed grabs the vampire that was standing behind him with a knife and tosses him into the room as Julian appears from hiding with a glare on his face. He frowns as Julian accuses him of not being honest such as not admitting that his hearing is more powerful than they thought. Vincent shrugs and speaks with sarcasm as he faces Julian that he’ll share other secrets providing vampire leader would explain his attitude towards him such as having him thrown off a cliff wall and adds that it’ll take a lot more than that to kill him. He frowns as Julian again accuses him of not being honest with his hearing he speaks asking why Julian had the vampire leader position and demands to know the reason for Julian’s nasty behavior towards him despite revering like the other vampires he noticed from them. He sees Julian’s eyes flare golden followed by the vampire leader giving off a roaring noise which he frowns as Ash and his brothers restrain Julian and senses hostility from the other vampires in the room aimed at him. 
He speaks addressing the vampires a question “Which one are you seeing me as, Adair or Vincent?” 
He hears silence but still hostility as Julian gives off another roaring sound which a female vampire comes up to him and orders him in an angry tone to leave period while pointing at the doorway. 
He speaks thinking wondering if Julian is actually a puppet vampire leader with the vampires doing the controlling and him keeping the peace between them “Tell your vampire leader Julian I’m not finished with talking with him.” 
Vincent hears gasps sounds in the room as he points a finger at Julian who again gives off another roar and then leaves the room feeling like there’s something sinister going on hence the other vampires supporting Julian in the vampire leader position and allowing his nasty behavior towards him. He feels the pulling sensation follows it to his quarters and enters his quarters slamming the door to go to the wing back chair to sit. He speaks out loud that he’s getting the feeling that there’s something sinister going on hence the other vampires supporting Julian and his behavior towards him judging by their reactions towards him after getting the vampire leader to blow a tantrum. He opens his mouth to speak feels sleepiness shuts his eyes to find himself back at the Ashmere house to face his father who looks furious who speaks with fury in his voice that the conclusion of Julian being a puppet isn’t acceptable.  Vincent groans as his father continues to speak that Adair’s hunch on there being something sinister going on is correct but he should think better than the puppet view. He frowns as he gets a memory of Armand begging him to not throw Augusto off the cliff and speaks it out loud if that had anything to do with Julian’s attitude towards him. His father he frowns at speaks that Julian made no secret of what happened to his father underneath Vincent aka Adair’s hands and execution by elves and it’s the reason why the vampires are supporting Julian for they sympathize with the loss of his father and like him are angry at Vincent while still revering Adair. He groans as his father continues to speak that Adair will have to drop the Vincent name just to get the vampires to stop sharing Julian’s attitude towards him along with that the majority of vampires are seeing him as Adair and are hesitant to do anything about Julian’s attitude due to Adair calling himself Vincent which they feel conflicted on whether to do anything or not. He opens his mouth to speak as blackness arrives and wakes up in the brig to hear the humming of electricity to see Julian and two familiar vampires all with glares on their faces standing on the other sides of the gated fence. Vincent gets up as Julian asks his familiar question which he responds with asking a question his father told him to ask. He gets the familiar tantrum reaction from Julian who is restrained by his escorts who are struggling to restrain the vampire leader. Vincent goes to the gate and tears it off the stands while feeling electricity humming through his hands that don’t bother him as he sets aside the gate. He taunts the vampires to let Julian attack him while calling them afraid. He sees the two vampires look really nervous as Julian gets out of their arms and charges towards him which he stands his ground abruptly feeling himself restrained by an invisible restraint putting his arms folded and feet becoming dead weight. Vincent grimaces as Julian rains his fists onto him on his face and elsewhere on his front while noticing that the other vampires aren’t doing anything to stop it and look nervously freaked out. He eyes Julian who keeps fisting him over and over till he notices the vampire’s eyes stop flaring golden and that the vampire is ranting words he hears saying that he didn’t have a father to look up to when he was raised by his mother and that his mother called Adair a hero and kept on insisting to him to share that hero view which he was forced to accept till his uncle Armand told him what happened to his father and he’s furiously angry that he grew up without knowing his father and having a father influence in his life due to Adair he names having a hand in it. Vincent frowns as Julian continues to hit him and ranting that he is conflicted on what to do towards Adair to punish him for what happened to his father as in killing him who keeps coming back from the dead and trying to inflict other punishment on Adair who keeps disobeying his orders. Vincent listens as Julian continues to rant that he is very angry that Adair is getting away with no punishment towards what he did to his father and has been told off by elves and werewolves and other vampires that their not going to punish Adair despite him insisting on it and has refused to support him on punishing Adair. Vincent frowns as Julian continues that Adair is getting away with the crime by others viewing him as a hero, a legend, and a vampire who is always right on everything he does which has him still angry about that. Vincent figures out why he was forced into a restraint by invisible hands realizing that Julian needs to get out his anger towards him and that’s from hitting him and ranting his words just to stop feeling angry towards him.  He doesn’t comment keeps his mouth shut as Julian is abruptly restrained by three appearing vampires who he sees are Ash and his brothers as Julian flares golden eyes while giving off a roaring sound. He finds his mouth clamped shut and face forced into a neutral expression while feeling himself still restrained as he eyes Julian who struggles in the three vampires’ hand grips. He frowns inwardly as the three vampires hug Julian who stops his golden eyed look to burst into tears crying sounds of anguish while having white stuff falling from his eyes. 
Vincent feels like he should apologize for what he did to Julian’s father hears his father’s voice yell “Don’t you dare!” 
The voice gets him frowning about that but figures that it's best not to do it.  He frowns as Julian keeps on wailing and finds his restraint gone from him as one of the brothers orders him to go to his quarters and stay there till ordered out by the vampire leader who is furiously angry with him. Vincent finds himself compelled to obey walks out of the brig and takes a route to his quarters going inside and shuts his door closed. He goes to the wing back chair to sit and thinks to himself that maybe Julian will stop being angry with him enough to change his attitude. He frowns as he eyes his bed and goes to it and lies down on his back sensing nothing on his back or chest by hand on his chest or back touching mattress. He shuts his eyes and passes out unconscious sleeping unknowingly of the time till he wakes up smelling blood to see the door is ajar and gets up going to it to spot blood in a jug with pure blood labeled on it. He takes a sip to discover its blood in a pure form which he gulps down and licks the rim then places it down on the floor then goes back into his quarters closing the door figuring out that he’ll better stay in his quarters for awhile till ordered out once he’s sure Julian has calmed down from his raging anger and crying bout.  Vincent gets bored of staying in his quarters and decides to leave which he goes to the cafeteria to see Julian there who looks furious seeing him. He is told by Julian that he wasn’t ordered out of his quarters which Vincent interrupts speaking that he prefers to be called Adair and wants to drop the Vincent name while thinking to himself that he’ll refer himself as Vincent in private in his thoughts and refer himself as Adair among the other vampires. He leaves the cafeteria to his quarters goes inside to lie down and passes out to dream of the Ashmere house and Miranda comes out. He kisses her on the neck till she feels funny stops the kissing to look up and sees instead of Miranda it’s his Aunt which he backs up with horror on his face realizing that he has been tricked by his aunt appearing as Miranda. He gets angry tries to attack his aunt but his father blocks him by gagging him on the throat. He is ordered by his father to never attack his father or his mother or his aunt period. Vincent is forced to agree to the order and then comes to finding himself in the brig and standing out is Julian who asks him his familiar question which he gets up and stands with no emotion on his face aimed at Julian who continues to ask his question. He frowns inwardly as one vampire besides Julian whispers in the Vampire Leader’s ear that Adair doesn’t have permission to speak. 
He is granted permission to speak by Julian which he replies “Day I challenge you is when the others accept me as Vampire Leader.” 
He finds his tone is firm with a glare on his face as Julian speaks the word Ash very loudly. 
He frowns as he sees Ash and his brothers come into view and listens as Julian orders the brothers to attend to Adair which the brothers in unison speak “Go to sleep Adair.” 
He finds their tone is compelling which he lies down on the floor and goes to sleep passing out to dream of the Ashmere house to see Miranda come out which he sees by her eyes that she’s not Miranda by the eye color but his Aunt in disguise. 
Miranda he sees changes into his aunt as his father arrives and orders him to hug her whom he refuses to turn sideways and hears his father speak “I thought you wanted to be Vampire Leader.” 
Vincent doesn’t talk as his father continues to speak ordering him to look him in the eye and tell him whether he wanted to be vampire leader or not. 
He obeys to look his father in the eye and says “I want to be Vampire Leader.” 
He finds his words shocked him along with the firm tone that has him feeling shocked. His father speaks ordering him to hug her while adding that he’ll see that Adair gets what he wants. Vincent finds he has no choice but to obey hugs his aunt to realize with a start that she’s not his aunt but his mother and speaks the word mother in a soft pleasant tone of happiness in it while feeling her hug him back. Blackness arrives and he comes to smelling blood wakes up to discover a jug in the cell with him which he gets up going to it and puts it to his lips taking a sip which he discovers its partly fruit juice cocktail and blood pours out part of it on the floor then puts the jug down on the floor then lies his form shutting his eyes making himself alert to sounds. He hears the gate cell stop humming followed by door sliding open which he uses super speed to dart out of the cell past the vampire picking up the jug and stands out of the cell as the vampire speeds out locking the cell and pulling as switch. He folds his arms as the vampire turns around and gasps seeing him which he orders to the vampire to either bring him to Julian or bring the vampire to him for he wants to discuss something with him. He glares at the vampire who speaks that he’ll bring him to Julian which he follows out of the brig. He finds his curiosity about Ash and his brothers hitting asks about them referring them as Ash and his brothers which the vampire corrects him by saying that the three are referred as Ash and that its rumored that only Julian knows their names and that the three aren’t forthcoming with their names along with the fact that it’ll be like talking to oneself when talking to the three brothers who aren’t very talkative. Vincent frowns hearing that as they reach the hallway to the cafeteria he orders the vampire to give him the jug and take off which the vampire obeys speeding away. He enters the hallway to hear whispering sounds become silent as he enters the cafeteria to see Julian standing in the middle in front of a rocky post who berates him for leaving the brig due to not being ordered. Vincent interrupts Julian to roar an angry sound as Julian he sees cuts himself off with a fear look in his eyes. He holds up the jug and speaks that he expects pure blood and not this crap and throws the jug towards Julian who ducks and the jug hits the rocky post sticking to it. He points a finger at Julian who has fear looks in his eyes and then walks out of the cafeteria to feel a pulling sensation that leads him to the brig which he finds his cell open goes inside and shuts the doors backing up only to hear them humming of electricity as the Ash brothers walk into view with blank expressions on their faces and glaring eyes. He frowns as the Ash brothers speak in unison ordering him to sleep which he finds himself obeying lies down on the ground and shuts his eyes falling asleep. He dreams of himself wearing Vincent clothing standing next to an elf with a crib in front of him. He remembering peers into the crib to see three babies all vampires by their eyes and is told by the elf that their males and that Adair he refers to Vincent fathered them and wants to know what they should call the boys. He speaks remembering a history book he read Alexander, Caesar and Julius which the elf repeats sounding confused by the voice tone but appearing to be serious by the facial expression. The scene goes black as Vincent remembers another memory of himself still wearing Vincent clothing standing next to an elf who points to a cylinder horizontal tube which he peers in to see a full grown vampire male wearing some white gown and is told its Alexander then led to two other tubes and told that their Caesar and Julius both wearing identical gowns He finds that the three vampires look alike by the facial appearance and identical hair speaks asking who their mother was and is told that she was a female vampire named Hannah who came out of the Attala with him and discovered pregnant with the three vampires and her pregnancy required a lengthy hospital stay till the three were born. He asks why the three are in cylinder tubes which he’s told that their bodies has some self healing power that any cut will heal itself up which is preventing them from implanting them with an implant called armor that protects vampires from the sun for them to travel. Vincent gets another memory of himself lying in a tube while wearing vampire clothing with his mouth moving and eyes open and the Ash brothers are standing next to it while one holds up a key and jams it in a hole in the tube which opens it.
Then the brothers speak in unison words he hears “Stop this insanity behavior.” 
Then fade from view followed by himself shaking his head shutting his eyes to groan loudly before rolling on his side putting a hand on his forehead and form becoming still. Vincent remembers himself waking up in a hospital room to meet his daughter he fathered with Miranda followed by the scene changing to the Ashmere house which he stands staring at the house as the door opens and his mother walks out that takes him a moment to figure out that she’s his aunt by seeing a slight difference by the eyes showing oldness in them which he usually sees with his aunt. He feels a hand on his shoulder looks to see his father who orders him to hug the woman while looking serious. He speaks that he’s not hugging her as his father gets a look that seems like annoyance before speaking about Adair wanting to be vampire leader. Vincent gets a little fed up with his father’s attitude speaks identifying the woman as his aunt and says that he’s not happy with her and he would rather not hug her period. He sees his father’s eyes narrow with some calculating look in them that makes him nervous before his father speaks demanding him to prove that the woman he refers her is the aunt. He speaks that it’s by her eyes showing oldness in them like he’s always seen with his aunt looking at him over the years he grew up raised by her. He sees his father’s eyes still have that calculating look in them that makes him nervous as his father speaks asking him what he knows about three vampires referred as Ash. He speaks his memories of the three brothers and mentions that his sons he fathered through a female vampire named Hannah and mentions the memory of mating with her. He hears the woman speak in his aunt’s voice sounding annoyed that Adair seems to have some ability to tell the difference between identical siblings whether their male or female who visited the house from time to time over the years and that the siblings could never fool him into thinking that they were not who they are.  He frowns as his father speaks a comment of the word interesting with an edge in the voice tone that tells him that his father is up to something hence the calculating look in the eyes. He opens his mouth to speak finds blackness arrives comes to smelling blood yanks open his eyes to sit up and sees Julian on the other side of the gate holding a jug of blood looking annoyed on the vampire’s face. He spots the Ash brothers standing in a row besides Julian looking annoyed by their eyes showing it despite blank expressions on their faces. 
He frowns as Julian speaks a comment saying “I shouldn’t be giving you this.” 
Then Julian jerks his head to the side. He hears the gate stop it’s humming followed by sliding open as Julian places the jug down on the floor then orders him to come and get it to drink for he expects Adair to not be lazy. Vincent obeys taking his time to walk out of the cell to bend down towards the jug only to feel hands grab his arms and arms wrap around his neck from behind pulling him up straight. Vincent discovers that the owners are the Ash brothers as Julian raises a fist and punches him full in the face while saying that he’s getting sick and tired of Adair not obeying his orders and not giving him respect as vampire leader and he’s had it with Adair’s attitude towards him. He finds that the Ash brothers’ grips on him are ironclad and very strong gripped as Julian again punches him full on the nose which he grimaces from the pain as Julian again speaks that he’s sick and tired of Adair not getting it that a punishment is a punishment and should be completely done as ordered by the vampire leader which Adair stupidly isn’t getting the vampire leader’s message of behave like he is expected or be punished period. Vincent speaks as Julian raises a fist towards his face with a glare on the vampire’s face the names of the Ash brothers while sensing the brothers stiffening from their hold on him as Julian looks bugged eyed shocked hearing that. He speaks that he doesn’t find it funny having Julian sick him with his own offspring and is annoyed about that. He hears the brothers give off the go to sleep command as he sees Julian look confused before shutting his eyes falling unconscious. Vincent wakes up smelling blood discovers he’s alone in the cell with the gate silence of noises to spot a jug holding blood behind the gate and the smell is getting to him enough to want to feed which he gets up and heads towards the gate only to hear the gate’s electricity turn on as Julian appears into view with his two familiar escorts all looking angry. He frowns as Julian speaks that the rumor of Adair fathering other children through other females including the female elf isn’t a rumor for its true and that the Ash brothers are Adair’s offspring which explains some things about them that weren’t explained. He frowns as Julian speaks that the Ash brothers have proven their loyalty to vampire leader through a serious of tests done on them without mentioning that they were Adair’s offspring to the other vampires. Vincent feels annoyed hearing that as Julian continues to speak that Adair’s attitude towards him is not acceptable and won’t be tolerated any more and that he’s thinking of a fitting punishment towards Adair for his attitude and will make sure it’s serious enough for Adair to change his attitude towards him. He frowns as Julian points a finger at him then fades from view with the two vampire escorts. He folds his arms with annoyance running through him to smell the blood from the jug and finds himself itching to feed goes to the gate and when his hands are inches away from the gate discovers them jerking back by their own power with repeated results that confused him. He eyes the jug backs up and charges towards the gate hitting it and discovers that the gate is powered by very strong electricity that makes him shake all over and he forces himself off the gate to back up while feeling himself in pain from the gate’s electrical power. He finds himself getting more compelled to feed by the smell of blood again hits the gate discovering it refuses to budge despite him hitting it and him feeling charges of electricity through him which he backs up to feel himself in more pain and the desire to feed getting stronger that overtakes him. He finds himself floating above himself seeing his body attacks the gate repeatedly over and over while jerking of electricity from hitting it and backing up to again hit the gate till his body collapses onto the ground becoming still and then blackness comes to his eyes sight then darkness consumes him. Vincent wakes up lying on a bed which he with open eyes discovers that he’s in his quarters while feeling sore all over and feels some weakness with moving his body. He shuts his eyes only to smell blood that makes him groan which he jerks open his eyes to aim them at the door seeing its ajar which he forces himself up from the bed discovering his knees and legs are too weak to hold him up forcing him to crawl to the door yanking it wider to see Julian and his familiar escorts both holding a jug of blood in their hands. Vincent gets taunted by Julian calling him a baby for crawling and which he’s too weak to speak back eyes Julian with pleading in his eyes as the vampire leader speaks that he expects Adair to stay in his quarters period unless ordered out by him or else. He frowns at the threatening words of or else as Julian orders his escorts to put the jugs down on the floor which they do and then hears Julian speak that he expects his orders obeyed period before fading from view with his escorts doing the same. Vincent crawls to a jug of blood lifts it up to his lips and finds himself gulping it down instead of taking a careful sip. He discovers to the taste that its pure blood continues to gulp it down till there’s none left and does the same to the other jug which he licks the rim his healer then crawls back into his room shutting the door behind him. He groans loudly as he crawls to his bed forcing himself to get on top of it on his stomach and shuts his eyes passing out unconscious. He comes to find himself lying on his back and he’s feeling like he’s nearly better with full strength back sits up to spot on the table next to the wing back chair is the familiar bag which annoys him. 
He grumbles to himself out loud “Why can’t they let me sleep instead of doing that blood bag testing to see I’m alive?” 
He finds silence as his answer rolls his eyes and turns to his side and lies on the bed shutting his eyes passing out unconscious. He comes to hear Julian’s voice yelling a let me out comment which he jerks his eyes open to discover that he’s in the brig lying on the floor and Julian is in the cell with him with the gates humming of electricity. Vincent sits up as Julian again gives off the let me out comment while adding that it’s not funny and he’s not amused with the joke their playing on him. 
Vincent gets up and roars an angry sound which he sees Julian stiffen from the form becoming still before turning around with a fear look in his eyes and speaking the comment “Oh no.” 
He walks towards Julian who groans out “I can’t believe they would do that.” 
Julian he hears spoken his words in a fearful voice. 
He reaches Julian and grabs the vampire by the neck who yells out “Help me someone! Get me out of here!” 
Vincent gags Julian hard then lifts the vampire up to dangle his feet and senses an opportunity to inflict pain on vampire leader throws his fist into Julian’s stomach repeatedly over and over who grimaces from the punching then spots the gate humming of electricity figures thinking to himself that he might as well kill him for ordering his body tossed off the cliff into the ocean and not getting punished for that along with the elves telling him to act as Julian’s punisher and executioner as a way of teaching that vampire a lesson for his actions against him. He tosses Julian towards the gate only to hear the gate’s electricity shut off as Julian hits it and watches with annoyance as the vampire gives off some laughing sound before collapsing onto the ground still laughing sounding like he has pain in his laughter. Vincent sees the familiar vampire escorts standing behind the gate looking annoyed on their faces and disappointment looks in their eyes that tell him Julian planned this stunt on him hence the vampire laughing. Vincent roars an angry sound charge towards Julian to grab the vampire by the shirt to lift him up dangling his feet and speaks that he’s not amused by Julian and his attitude towards him and he’s sick and tired of it along with getting tired of Julian not getting it that he’s had it with being punished with pain inflicted on him. He hears Julian give off a laugh in a pained tone which he tosses the vampire hard to the wall who hits it before sliding to the floor and then he again charges towards Julian who sits up still laughing in a pained tone. He grabs Julian’s head and with both hands and gives it a jerk twisting the neck area to hear loud gasps from the vampires standing behind the gate and senses Julian has gone unconscious by the form becoming limp in his hands despite hearing the heart organ beating furiously. Vincent turns towards the gate to roar an angry sound and snarls that if the vampires want Julian they better come in and fights him for the vampire leader for he’s not giving him up period. He glares at the two vampires that look like they have fear in their faces and eyes and he takes a step towards them to see them fade from view and hears the gate’s electricity turn on which he listens to the tone and figures its set at the same setting as before and he won’t be able to knock down the gate. He goes to Julian picking up the vampire by the neck that is still unconscious and throws him towards the gate only to hear it shut off as the vampire leader hits it before sliding to the floor. He darts towards Julian as a group of vampires appear into view with angry looks on their faces. Vincent grabs Julian and tosses him behind him sensing the vampire hit the wall then speaks that if they want Julian they have to fight him for him period for he’s not giving him up. 
He raises his fists in front of him with an angry look on his face glaring at the vampire group as he hears a familiar voice sounding annoyed saying a question “What’s going on?” 
He frowns recognizing the voice as one of the Ash brothers as some of the vampires look on their right peering out of his sight view and hears one of them speak “Adair’s got vampire leader and won’t give him up.” 
He roars an angry sound and speaks saying that shouldn’t the vampires be fighting him for Julian and not standing around. He growls as the Ash brothers come into view with some I want the whole story expression in their eyes and the familiar blank expressions on their faces. Vincent speaks that he’s had it with Julian’s attitude towards him as in getting repeatedly inflicted with pain with no explanation from Julian as why he’s doing those stunts on him along with Julian ordering his body thrown off a cliff into the ocean where it took the elves three days to find him and they told him that the other vampires are protecting Julian from them trying to inflict punishment on him for what he did to him and that the elves told him to punish Julian and possibly act as his executioner which he’s doing by repeatedly throwing his body to the gate as a way of getting rid of him. He sees the Ash brother’s eyes turn to anger with facial expressions the same as he continues to speak that he’s getting sick and tired of Julian playing jokes on him such as the joke of making him think he’s vampire leader when Julian never left the position and repeated jokes like this stunt of having him beat up Julian in the cell which was planned by the vampire and is sick of being the victim of stunts like that. Vincent adds that he’s itching for a fight so if the vampires want Julian they have to go through him to get the vampire which he raises his fists up to glare at the vampires in the eyes which some are flinching away from him glaring at them. He hears the Ash brothers speak in unison the sleep command which he roars out that its cowardly and they should be fighting instead of doing that as he hits the ground going unconscious passing out. He comes to find himself in a squat position arms raised above him while feeling manacles on his wrists. He sees as he straightens his form up that he’s still in a cell with gate humming of electricity sounding like it’s very powerfully powered with chains attached to him. He thrusts a manacle forwards to groan as pain hits him in the back feeling like electricity and his exams the manacle to see wires are attached going to his neck which he feels a round object attached to the back of his neck there groans of pain. He speaks out loud a question of what will get through Julian to stop with his jokes and stunt behavior towards him along with the other vampires stop supporting Julian with his behavior for he’s sick and tired of it and is fed up. Vincent snarls out loud pausing from moving that Julian is one sick bastard to do these stunts as revenge against him for what he did to Julian’s father and death by elves hence the other vampires supporting him with his behavior towards him and he’s thinking that he should live elsewhere where he’s appreciated to live normally for its obvious that the vampires here in the castle don’t appreciate him or like him hence their behavior towards him and letting Julian get away with negative behavior towards him. He pauses to lean his back against the wall and groans out loud that he’ll kill the bastard that had him live at the castle instead of with family members such as his daughter he had with Miranda for the situation of him suffering pain could have been avoided in the first place along with that he never got to know his daughter from his short time in the hospital and would have liked to learn more about her and her life. He pauses to frown eyes staring at the gate humming of electricity as he continues to speak that he remembers fathering three sons through another female a vampire and that the sons aren’t interested in protecting him from Julian’s behavior judging by the way they acted towards him and appearing to support Julian in his view. He groans loudly to speak that the three sons’ actions proved that their not his sons despite being flesh and blood of him by their actions and he will have nothing to do with them anymore. He continues to speak that when confronted by his sons in a fight he’ll have no choice but to see them as his enemy and try to kill them for proving that they don’t see him as their father which he is terribly disappointed in them for that. He pauses from talking to lean his head back against the wall eyes still on the humming gate and then speaks out loud that he’ll take any opportunity to leave the castle and won’t come back and will put up a fight to keep himself from returning for its obvious that the vampires don’t seem to care about him hence their behavior towards him and he doesn’t want to take more of their uncaring attitude towards him. He groans some soft sound to continue speaking that he would rather live with people who care about him to treat him as the way he wanted to be treated which is being cared about instead of this treatment while living in the castle. He shuts his mouth to stare at the humming gate unknowingly of the time till the Ash brothers come into view blank expressions on their faces with glaring looks in their eyes. He speaks seeing them that he’s disappointed in the three of them for he knows that their his sons seeing their eyes widen with glares remaining and he’s not happy with the way they proved to be more loyal to Julian than loyal to their own father by allowing their own father to suffer torture at the hands of Julian and his people and he’s not happy with that. He continues to speak that he won’t see the three of them as his sons anymore but his enemy like every vampire in the castle is including Julian. He sees their expressions remain the same ads that he’ll kill the bastard that convinced the others to have him live in the castle to suffer pain which could have been avoided in the first place. He continues to add that he has a daughter with a deceased female elf that he never got to know due to him being forced to live at the castle and feels like he should be living with her learning her life and being a father to her. He sees the Ash brothers look at their right and gesture with their heads towards him while indicating a person to come forwards. He frowns as he sees with shock his daughter Jerrilyn walk into view with a big frown on her face and a glaring look in her eyes that stares at him. He frowns as Jerrilyn speaks that she knows the bastard that convinced the others to have her father brought to the castle to live among them and adds that her father won’t tolerate her life style for she’s now living at the castle with her new mate. He frowns as Jerrilyn continues to speak that Julian is correct with his attitude towards her father and she supports Julian for that. He finds his eyes widening with shock hearing that gapes as she continues to speak that she grew up raised by Julian’s mother who told her in front of Julian’s presence everything about what her father did to Julian’s father and execution by elves after Julian confronted his mother about that from learning it from his uncle Armand. He stops gaping as Jerrilyn continues to speak that she was recently declared a mate of a vampire male and she likes to introduce him which he sees her gesture with a hand out to her right while looking at the right out of his eyes sight point of view. He frowns as a male vampire comes into view that makes him give off a loud gasp for its Julian who takes Jerrilyn’s hand and kisses it before looking at him with a glare on his face. Vincent feels himself go dead seeing that as Julian speaks that he’s the bastard that told the others to bring him to the castle to live there with the other vampires and that the elves and werewolves can’t hurt him as long as the other vampires are protecting him from harm which he has their undivided loyalty. Vincent feels himself becoming numb hearing that as Julian continues to speak that he’ll make sure that Adair stays in the castle with no chance of leaving it just so he can continue this torture to Adair for it’s a fitting punishment for what happened to his father and none of the others will stop it period. He bows his head to stare at the floor as Julian gives off a laugh and says that only death will get Adair to leave the castle period. He hears silence from the vampire looks up to see Julian and Jerrilyn are gone but the Ash brothers are standing there watching him with looks the same on their faces which he sees accusation in their eyes aimed at him before fading from view. He groans a soft groan to stare at the gate speaks out loud that he’ll find a way of throwing himself off a cliff into the ocean just to get away from the castle and let the elves pick him up and keep him out of Julian’s hands. He leans his head back against the wall to stare at the cragged ceiling till he smells blood lowers his eyes to look at the gate seeing a vampire come into view putting down a jug of blood and then fade from view. 
He groans out loud “Not again.” 
As the blood smell gets to him to feel itching to feed which he yanks against the manacles while grimacing of pain from the device on his neck. He continues to yank feeling zapping pain and with a roaring cry frees himself from the manacles only to fall to his knees as there are electrical charges of pain hitting him over and over which he forces himself to pull his arm back towards the device on his neck grabbing it and yanks it out crushing it to feel the pain stop. He feels the desire to feed become more controlling gets up charging towards the gate hitting it jerking of pain from the electricity and then backs up freeing himself. 
He groans out loud “When will this torture stop? When will Julian stop doing this?” 
As he gives off a roar while feeling the desire to feed take control and attacks the gate repeatedly over and over till he gets a rage episode passes out to feel water on his face which he jerks his eyes open to discover he’s lying on his back on the ocean surface with fish like gonoids that takes him a moment to recognize as dolphins holding him up and splashing water onto him as the sun shines overhead that bothers his eyes which he shuts them feeling himself being helped by the dolphins. He floats with them unaware of the time sensing their splashing stop opens his eyes to see the sun is gone and the moon is shining stares at the sky watching the stars come out makes a wish to himself that he wants to be appreciated with caring by people the same way the dolphins are showing care towards him. 
He hears a rumbling vibration feels it in the water sees a spotlight shining sweeping on the ocean attached to a small boat watches it as it gets nearer and blinks his eyes from the spotlight’s glare on them followed by someone shouting a loud tone “I found him!” 
He frowns as the boat reaches him to settle next to him and he sees three elves on the boat that lean forwards towards him which he raises his hands very weakly and is pulled aboard the boat to lie on the floor part as they pull over a blanket on top of him that feels wet. He hears one speak that the medicinal blanket will help him with his burns. He feels pain on his face and hands feels them become numb by the blanket covering him shuts his eyes and allows himself to sleep passing out unconscious. He comes to find himself lying on a bed in a room looking like a hospital room while feeling sore in his back that he figured was from the armor implant being fixed in him while feeling his hands and some part of his face wrapped in cold bandages. He feels himself still wearing the vampire clothing with a blanket up to his chest on his form. He looks around the room feeling himself safe from Julian’s manipulations frowns thinking to himself that he’s not returning to the castle and will do what it takes to avoid going to there and suffer more pain from Julian’s manipulations. He hears a step into the room as someone is walking towards him lying on the bed. He sees a male elf come into view looking serious by the expression on the face with reverence in the eyes. He frowns as the elf speaks that they managed to keep the fact of finding Adair he names in the sea out of people’s hands just to keep Julian from knowing about it for there are vampire spies living elsewhere than the castle who will blab this. He frowns as the elf speaks that they put out a questionnaire poll about Adair among the city’s vampires asking them what their feelings are towards Adair himself. He continues to frown as the elf continues to speak that the vampires gave two answers one verbally and the other from elves reading their minds. The only verbal answer they got is that they would revere Adair but the only mental answer they got is that they would kill him for they support Julian on his views towards Adair. He groans as the elf pauses to reach out a hand to place it on his hand and ads the kill Adair view is very popular among vampires with most of them believing in it while a few hidden are not in that view but are afraid to do anything about it for fear of suffering pain and death themselves. He groans loudly as the elf continues to speak that it appears that they’ll have to put Adair into a medically induced sleep coma just to keep him safe from the vampires’ hands and that they’ll wake him when the vampires stop having the kill Adair view which they think it’ll take as long as Julian is alive which will be a very long time for Julian is quite on the young side and that vampires can live for about one hundred years old outliving the rest of the races and that the view might take awhile to die down judging by how popular it is which could be passed from parent to child that could continue that view. Vincent groans loudly as the elf pats his hand and speaks that there’s nothing the elves can do to get the vampires to stop having that view attitude and that they have no choice but to put Adair asleep once he’s healed up just to keep him alive and out of the vampires’ hands. He groans loudly as the elf leaves the room which he stares at the ceiling feeling himself losing hope with life thinks to himself that he should have never left the Attala and he wouldn’t be in his predicament. Vincent shuts his eyes to dream of himself facing the Ashmere house which he falls to his knees to burst into tears weeping as he feels a hand touch his shoulder looks to see his father leaning over him that squats while looking like he has a calculating look in his eyes and with face blank. He whines that he didn’t leave the Attala forest for this and should have never left instead just stayed and that he’ll find a way to go back and live there like he did before and will do it once he gets the chance. He continues to weep out tears crying that he’s not being appreciated by the other vampires who want him dead along with their leader wanting him the same way which has him very upset for his own children betrayed him by believing in vampire leader Julian’s view instead of supporting him as family which he is really upset about. He continues to cry as he senses two people come into view which he sees is his mother and his aunt her sister with frowns on their faces their eyes having identical looks as his father which bothers him enough to say it. He frowns as he sees his father’s face change to fury that makes him feel nervous as his father speaks that no son of his will quit due to bad things happening to him and will find a solution to them. He groans out that he doesn’t care for he’s going into the Attala and will do what it takes to reach the house to live there by himself where he should belong instead of out there with those vampires who hate him and want him dead for he chooses life instead. He hears his mother speak calling his father Adam with some serious tone in them. He sees his father looking at his mother and sees his mother gesture towards the house with her head and walk up the steps in a fast speed motion going inside followed by his father leaving him with his aunt. 
He kneels rocking his form back and forth with arms around him crying tears as his aunt leans over him to place a hand on the top of his head. He stops his rocking to stare at her as she speaks “I’m sorry Adair for causing you pain and suffering.” 
Vincent reached out a hand and took his aunt’s hand off the top of his head. He gently brought the hand to his cheek pressing it there while pressing his face into the hand. He felt his Aunt’s other hand touch the top of his head stroking his hair as he gave of a soft moan in a pleasant tone. He heard a door slam sound looked at the door to see his mother walking out with a big frown on her face and familiar look in her eyes. 
He stared at his mother who walked up to him putting a hand on his forehead and speaking “Wake up Adair. Find your way home now.” 
He shut his eyes as blackness arrived. He came to find himself lying on a patch of grass and it was night time with the trees towering above over head still wearing his vampire clothes and sensed the armor implant was still inside him. He got up from the ground and looked around sensing that he was in the Attala to feel the familiar awareness feeling hitting him again. He moaned a soft sound of pleasure walked into the forest to hear bushes rumbling near him which he looked with fists clenched as the bushes revealed a bear that stood on back legs and made a come gesture with its front paw. He unclenched his hands and nodded his head as the bear got on fours and he followed the bear through the forest taking a route till he sensed lights shining in the distance and saw the bear lumber off running away. He walked towards the lights to see the house Ashmere Manor standing looking like the way he dreamed of it standing in the middle of the clearing. 
He moaned some soft sound seeing the house and spoke “I’m home.”
Vincent moaned again and went to the door to the house finding it unlocked which he opened and gently closed behind him. He felt the air was fresh from the broken windows with a hint of dust in it. He rubbed a hand on his forehead walked to the dog’s room closing the door behind him. He looked around to spot the bed remaining the same as a memory of himself mating with Hannah flashed in his mind. 
He spoke out loud recalling the Ash brothers “I should have never mated with her.”
He groaned and left the dog’s room taking a familiar route to his bedroom which he arrived stared at the contents seeing it was the same with nothing undisturbed. He went to sit on the bed stirring up dust that he ignored and turned on the lamp opening a drawer to spot the familiar book was in its place. Vincent smiled a small smile seeing the book took it out and held it in his hands rubbing hands over the careworn cover and opened it to stare at the picture inside of a couple he figured were his parents. He smiled to rub a hand on the picture staring at them seeing them looking at him with serious expressions on their faces. He adjusted his position to lean back against the headboard and thumbed through the book looking at the printed words with familiarity within him. He leaned over and shut the lamp and placed the book on his lap while shutting his eyes. He felt himself smiling in his sleep only to feel a hand gag him on the throat which he jerked open his eyes to see Julian standing next to the bed with a sneer on his face. 
He stiffened as Julian spoke “You think you can escape me? Not!”
He stiffened further as Julian’s other hand connected with his forehead brining blackness to his eyes sight as he lost conscious. Vincent came to with a gasp to discover he was still lying on his bed in the Ashmere Manor house with book clutched in his hands in a tight grip. He sat up as the curtains glowed some dim light signally daylight out. He dropped the book onto his lap to groan loudly rubbing a hand on his forehead and then took the book to place it back into the dresser which he shut closed. He leaned back and shut his eyes falling asleep. He dreamed that he was running in the forest with fear on his face and it was nighttime. He kept running and running till he tripped on a root and twisted on his back to hear laughing sounds sound like vampires laughing. He pushed himself back till his back met a tree and leaned against it eyes darting around till bushes rumbled showing Julian with Jerrilyn and the Ash Brothers all laughing with mirth on their faces. 
He stared at them as Julian spoke in a sneering tone “You can’t escape me. Hah I’ll find you even if it’s the last thing I’ll do. I’ll have you in my hands again Adair.” 
He stiffened as Julian charged forwards with hands fisted only to feel them connect with his forehead knocking him out. Vincent woke up with a gasp jerking himself into a sitting position looking around the room seeing he was still his room in the house. He saw the curtains still dimly glowing but told him that the sun was low in the sky. He reached towards the dresser and took out the book cradling it to himself. 
He heard his father’s voice speaking “Take it Adair. Spread the story of me. Make the vampires remember me.” 
He got up from the bed carrying the book in his hand bent down pulling his pant leg which he placed the book in the boot then put down his pant leg. He took a route to the front door and waited waiting as the sunlight stopped and he walked out of the house remembering his route to the spot he met the bear which he took to smell blood that called him to feed which he forced himself to take his time walking towards it. Vincent saw lights shining in the distance frowned figuring out that they were car lights walked towards them rumbling the bushes till he saw a vehicle sitting next to a dirt road with no one in sight and a jug of blood sitting on the ground. 
His senses blared warning to take a look around which he heard whispering “There he is, is the trap set for him?”
He heard another voice whispering “Its set. Vampire leader will be grateful for us capturing him.”
He spoke out loud in a near shouting tone “I heard every word you said so come out or I’ll change my mind and go back into the forest!” 
He folded his arms to look around he heard very loud male voice yell “Now!”
Vincent felt pressure hit him on the back as if a body connected which he threw off only to feel a prick of pain in his back that told him was a needle dart as the bushes rumbled showing multiple vampires coming out charging at him while carrying syringes in their hands. 
He heard his father’s voice speaking “Hit the ground now!”
He obeyed falling on his stomach to feel pressure on his back from multiple bodies sitting on it and felt a prick of pain in his neck followed by sleepiness. 
He heard “Vampire leader gives his regards Adair.” 
Vincent shut his eyes falling unconscious. Vincent woke up hearing the familiar sound of humming electricity. He felt himself in a squat position with arms chained again. He straightened up his form to look at the gate to see behind it were the Ash brothers which he stared at with accusation in his eyes. He saw one brother hold up his book he saw with annoyance in him and watched the brother put the book away in a boot followed by the brothers fading from view. He frowned smelling blood to spot a vampire appear into view putting down a jug of blood and then fade from view which the smell again drove him to feed. Vincent felt déjà vu again as he freed himself from the manacles and the device on his neck along with charging at the gate till he passed out unconscious. Vincent came to find himself lying on a bed opening his eyes to see he was in his quarters feeling poorly weak. He smelled blood again crawled to the door pulling it wider to spot Julian sneering at him while his companions had jug of blood in their hands. 
He stared at Julian feeling himself losing hope again as the vampire leader sneered “Well look, who’s here crawling like a baby. What a baby your being. Hah. I shouldn’t be giving you this.”    
He saw Julian gesture towards him and watched as the two vampires placed the jugs down on the floor followed by the three vampires fading from view. He crawled towards the jugs and gulped one of them realizing too late it was fruit juice cocktail which he dropped the jug onto the floor. He grabbed the other jug taking a sip to discover it was the same which he felt himself sick. Vincent threw up the contents of the drink onto the floor which he crawled back into his room shutting the door and crawled to the bed shutting his eyes passing out unconscious. He came to smelling blood and feeling still weak looked at the door seeing it ajar forced himself to crawl to the door making it wider. He again saw Julian that had some smirk on his face and familiar vampire escorts holding jugs of blood in their hands. 
He groaned softly as Julian spoke in a taunting tone “What a baby your being crawling. Hah I shouldn’t be giving you this.” 
He felt déjà vu as the vampires placed the jugs down and faded from view as he crawled to the jugs and gulped one of them down only to again realize it was fruit juice cocktail which he discovered the same with the other jug with the same results. He again crawled into his room shutting the door and again eyed the bathroom which he forced himself to crawl inside shutting the door and using the sink stood up to stand weakly in front of the toilet and adjusted his clothes to relieve himself of the drugs in his system and flushed the contents away in the toilet.  He felt himself some what better but still weak adjusted his clothes and went to the sink stumbling to it to wash his hands then collapsed on his knees. He crawled to the shower stall seeing it was long enough for him to curl in, in a ball which he shut his eyes falling unconscious. Vincent came to feeling himself some what better but still weak to feel a hand rubbing his head as he lay curled in a ball in the shower stall. 
He heard “Poor daddy.”  
He jerked open his eyes to spot the Ash brothers two standing with one kneeling next to him with a hand on his head. 
He croaked out “Why?” 
He stared at his sons with pleading in his eyes as he again spoke the question with pleading in his voice. 
His sons in response spoke in unison “Go to sleep daddy.” 
He felt himself compelled to obey shut his eyes passing out unconscious to wake up in something rounded and curved but hard with a blind fold covering his eyes and multiple voices talking at once. He felt himself tied up hands in front of him along with his legs tied up. 
He frowned to speak “Hello?”
Vincent heard silence as his answer followed by Julian’s sneering voice speaking “Well nice of you to join us Adair. You’ll never guess what I have planned for you. Hah.” 
He frowned as Julian went silent followed by water running noises as his feet felt wet dawned on him that he was sitting in a tub and that Julian was going to destroy the armor by having it destroyed by the tub’s water. He thrashed his arms and legs feeling hands pressing on his shoulders with heaviness as he jerked. 
He spoke “Why don’t you just admit you want me dead period instead of this torture?”
He felt the water turn off to his relief followed by a fist connecting with his forehead which was followed by another fist hitting him there and growling sounds sounding like Julian angry. He frowned as he heard a roaring sound like Julian having an angry rage episode followed by the vampire giving off loud weeping noises and then silence. He felt the hands touching his shoulders removed followed by ripping noises as the ropes around his legs were cut along with his wrists and blindfold removed from his eyes. He quickly darted up and out of the tub to see his sons standing in the room with their familiar blank expressions on their faces and angry looks in their eyes. 
He spoke “which one of you is Alexander, Caesar and Julius?”
He saw them look at each other before one spoke “Figure it out yourself, daddy.” 
He heard the sarcasm in the tone frowned as he ignored them and walked out of the bathroom to the bedroom part of his quarters to sit on the bed and then laid his form down eyes staring at the ceiling. His sons’ heads came into his view which he recalled them in the tubes and seeing their forms in it along with being told which brother was which pointed a finger at the brother nearest his right. 
He spoke “Alexander.” 
He saw widen eyes that told him he guessed correctly which he pointed at the brother next to Alexander and identified him as Caesar seeing the same results and then pointed at the last brother speaking the name of Julius. Vincent laid his hand down clasping his hands on his chest as his sons he thought he’ll see them as that gave them accusation glares in their eyes. 
Vincent spoke “Alright then. You’re my sons who I accept as mine that I fathered. I don’t like the funny way you show loyalty to me despite showing loyalty to Julian who I despise from his actions towards me.”
He frowned seeing the accusation look left the brothers’ eyes followed by annoyance in the look. 
He spoke “What does Julian have to get vampires see him as their leader and me as the enemy? Harrumph must be his father again.” 
He frowned seeing his sons’ eyes become more glaring with accusation in them. 
He groaned out loud “Alright then. I had a female elf named Miranda as a mate who bore my daughter and that Augusto personally murdered her with his hands to hurt me. I retaliated by beating him up and nearly tossing him off the cliff which his brother Armand convinced me not to do it and I listened. I didn’t account for the elves personally executing Augusto for Miranda’s murder, satisfied Ash?”
He narrowed his eyes to glare at his sons whose eyes stopped showing accusation in them switched up to look at his left which he frowned as Julian’s head came into view with a sneering glare on his face. 
He frowned as Julian spoke with a sneer in his voice “So the murderer confesses to the crime how touching.” 
He brought his form to sit up as he felt a foot connect with his chest pushing him down which he saw belonged to Julian who spoke “I didn’t say that you could get up murderer.” 
Vincent kept his form down on the bed to eye Julian who spoke “It was not the elves that murdered my father but you. Your beating my father caused him to have fatal injuries which he later died from it and it was you who killed him not the elves.” 
He spoke “That’s not what I was told by-” 
He was interrupted by Julian sneering “I didn’t say that you could speak. The elves are more interested in having you as some hero like the werewolves view you too hence they admitting to executing my father who died by your hand, Adair.” 
Vincent frowned as Julian released his foot hold on his chest before again speaking “Ash hold him up and restrain him.”
He felt his sons grab him raising him up into a sitting position as Julian again added “I’m going to enjoy this.” 
Vincent’s last sight he saw was Julian’s sneering face as Julian grabbed his head and twisted his neck putting him unconscious. Vincent woke up lying on his bed in his quarters feeling his neck sore along with his body feeling like it was used as a punching bag and areas on him feeling suspiciously like they were twisted judging by the identical soreness he felt by his neck in the areas. 
He forced himself to sit up as he spoke “Just for once why can’t people admit the truth to me like who really killed Augusto? I heard from elves that they executed him when Julian is claiming it was me. I don’t know what to do about that.” 
He groaned to lay his form back onto the bed and shut his eyes dreaming of Ashmere to feel a hand on his shoulder seeing it belonged to his father who had a frown look. He stared at his father with a questioning look on his face. 
His father spoke “The elves really did execute Augusto. You had nothing to do with his death who Julian blames for it along with him getting the other vampires to believe that you killed his father hence they angry at you and supporting him.”
He groaned loudly out loud “what will get Julian to stop being angry at me?”
He frowned as his father spoke “Remove Julian from his place of power the castle and he will have no support from the other vampires when in the hands of the elves who’ll use you to teach him a lesson in being controlled by his angry rage towards you.”
He opened his mouth as blackness arrived woke up discovering himself still in his quarters feeling much better at full strength. 
He spoke out loud eying the bedroom door and sensing no one in his bathroom “I hope you have a boat in the sea near the castle for I’ll do what it takes to get myself and Julian into the ocean for you to pick us up. I figured out that removing Julian from the castle will get the other vampires to stop their negative attitude towards me and supporting him which is wrong of them to do it.”
He cut himself off as the door to the room opened followed by becoming ajar which he smelled blood. He got up from the bed and slow walked to the door yanking it open to spot Julian standing there with a sneer and familiar escorts holding jugs of blood in their hands. 
He frowned as Julian spoke “I shouldn’t be giving you this.”
Vincent stiffened as a rage episode arrived came to find himself floating in the ocean water with the moon shining and held in his hands was an unconscious Julian who’s heart he sensed was beating wildly. 
He felt the familiar rumbling noises followed by a spotlight shining over him and heard “I found them!”  
He didn’t say a word as the boat came into view with four elves on it that helped haul him onto the boat along with Julian still out unconscious. 
He heard one of the elves speak “Get underneath the blanket for the sun will rise by the time we get to the main boat.” 
He obeyed lying down in the boat to feel a blanket thrown over him and sensed Julian next to him unconscious while underneath the blanket. He frowned to put arms around Julian restraining the vampire while staring at the vampire’s face inches away from his. He stared at Julian seeing the vampire’s face looked familiar reminded him of Augusto which he saw blared on Julian’s face. He eyed Julian’s face showing some angry look despite the eyes closed as he felt the boat move in a various speeds till they stopped. 
He heard as the blanket was removed “Adair the boat is under cover you can get up now.” 
Vincent found their words were true by the cloudy sky showing like it was about to rain was ordered to carry Julian to the boat which he saw looked like a cruise ship from reading about it as a child. He carried Julian up the stairs inside the ship and was ordered to follow an elf which he obeyed till they reached a hospital like room with two beds and ordered to lay Julian on one bed with him on the other bed. He obeyed to lay Julian on one bed and himself on the other while shutting his eyes feeling an oxygen mask covering the lower half of his face pushing air into him that made him sleepier which he passed out unconscious. 
He came to feel soreness in his back to hear Julian crying out “Free me now! I order you to do it now or suffer war!”
Vincent looked over at Julian who was sitting up restrained to the bed with a blind fold covering his eyes while struggling against the restraints that were appearing to be zapping the vampire with electrical zaps. He got up from the bed as Julian again ranted his words again. He stood next to the bed and yanked off the blind fold off Julian’s face and tossed the cloth to the wall. Vincent heard a loud gasp from Julian which he looked at the vampire to see fear in his eyes. 
He spoke “Get this straight Julian I had nothing to do with your father’s death. The elves really did execute him period.”
Vincent folded his arms as Julian formed a sneer on his face before speaking “you’re lying Adair. You killed him.”
Vincent brought a fist onto Julian’s forehead who jerked his head back before continuing speaking “Don’t deny it Adair. You killed my father as said by my mother who got confirmation by the elves saying it to her.”
He heard a step into the room turned around to face the elf with accusation in his eyes as Julian went silent. The elf a female walked to the bed with him following her movements. 
The female spoke as she reached the bed “Julian I must regret to inform you but we elves did execute your father. Adair had nothing to do with your father’s death. Your mother lied to you.” 
He heard from Julian “You’re lying! My mother would never lie to me! She has never lied to me and would not do this to me at all!”
He turned his attention towards Julian while peering at the elf out of the corner of his eyes to see her hold up a thin hand sized square object while unfolding it to place on Julian’s lap. He frowned seeing the object as the female pressed a button and saw a female vampire flash on the object’s screen like a TV he read about which he frowned seeing it. 
The female vampire on the screen spoke “I’m sorry Julian I lied about who killed your father because I was angry at Adair for putting your father in the hands of the elves and him executed by them. I wanted Adair to pay for what he did to your father beating him up and letting the elves have their hands on them. I feel like I should have told you the truth and none of Adair’s suffering would have happened.” 
Vincent saw the screen turn blank looked at Julian who had tears flowing from his eyes as the vampire repeatedly spoke with horror in his voice “No, no, no, no!”
He eyed Julian who again continued to speak his no comment while giving off cries of anguish between speaking the word. He saw the female remove the TV off of Julian folding it in half and walk out of sight while hearing a door closing sound. He stared at Julian who appeared to not see him while still giving of cries of anguish with tears still flowing along with stopping the no comments.   Vincent kept his mouth shut watching Julian lay his form down on the bed while still crying tears till the vampire shut his eyes with form becoming still. He sensed Julian’s heart was beating from hearing its noises and figured that the vampire had fallen asleep. He felt himself tired went to the bed next to Julian’s and got onto it laying his form on it. He eyed Julian who appeared to be asleep with a look of pain on the vampire’s face despite having eyes shut. He adjusted his form on his left side facing a sleeping Julian and shut his eyes willing himself to sleep. Vincent came to smelling blood which he jerked his eyes open to spot on the bed stand next to his bed was a jug of blood which he sat up grabbing it and took a careful sip of it to sense it was pure blood which he gulped down feeling himself much better. He licked the rim his healer and placed the jug down on the bed stand and eyed Julian who appeared to be passed out unconscious due to the vampire not moving despite the smell of blood emanating from the jug he just gulped down. He got up from the bed and stood next to Julian lying in bed eying the vampire who kept on sleeping. 
He spoke softly “Julian, if there was a way I could help you with your pain I would do it. I’m sorry you had to grow up without your father or know him to father you. I just wish there was a way of easing your suffering and anger towards me.”
Vincent gently laid a hand on Julian’s hand sensing nothing from him but his beating heart gently squeezed the vampire’s hand then let go to step back from the bed as he heard a step into the room. Vincent looked towards the doorway to see a male elf looking like he had a serious expression on his face walk towards him to stand near the bed Julian was lying on. 
He looked questioningly at the elf who spoke “My people are debating options on what to do with Julian to punish him for his crimes. One option is execution which is very strong among my people but we are seeking other options besides that.” 
He spoke as the elf paused “Don’t execute Julian. He’s the mate of my daughter Jerrilyn. Seek another option.”
He frowned as the elf stared at him with a narrowed eyed look before shifting attention towards Julian then spoke “I’ll tell my people what you said and we’ll consider something else but there’s another matter you must do for us.”
He formed a frown on his lips as the elf kept talking “You must return to the castle and inform the vampires that Julian is still alive and in the hands of the elves.” 
He groaned a soft sound while noticing the elf appeared to hear him groan by looking at him. 
The elf spoke “That’s all you must do for us and we’ll drop the option of executing Julian as you requested.” 
Vincent found himself nodding his head in agreement towards the elf who added “Come with me Adair.” 
He wordlessly followed the elf out of the room to spot two elves wearing uniforms standing besides the doorway holding long objects in their hands that he figured were guns as the elf led him away in the hallway. He followed the elf taking a maze of corridors pass numerous doors and doorways then sets of stairs till they reached a set of double doors which the elf opened showing outside with a cloudy sky. Vincent walked out following the elf that halted and pointed to a car where another elf was standing besides it. 
He heard the elf speak “The vehicle will take you to the castle. Good luck with the vampires.” 
Vincent kept his mouth shut walked towards the car as the elf standing in front got inside which he went around and got inside the passenger seat and sat feeling the vehicle take off in the air flying. He looked out the window seeing the cruise ship sitting in the sea become smaller and smaller then disappeared on the horizon as the car flew over the ocean. He peered below to see dolphins swimming in view going in another direction as the car kept on flying. Vincent looked out the window in front of him to spot land on the horizon which he eyed seeing it become closer and closer followed by a familiar shape coming in view which made him grimace seeing it was the castle refrained himself from groaning out loud. He eyed the castle as the car flew towards it then entered a cave where there were several vehicles parked inside before landing and becoming still. He wordlessly got out of the car and walked away heading towards the stairs and heard it fly away. Vincent paused seeing a vampire on the stairs looking furiously angry by the eyes and facial expression aimed at him. 
He spoke remembering what the elves wanted him to do “Vampire leader is still alive and in the hands of the elves. They told me to tell you.” 
He saw the vampire make a foot stomping gesture before fading from view. Vincent walked towards the stairs to pause seeing stuck in the wall was a knife handle which he yanked out seeing that the handle had a blade attached to it. He dropped the knife onto the ground and walked up the stairs entering a hallway to feel a pulling sensation. He obeyed allowing the sensation to pull him through corridors and stairwells till he reached a hallway leading to the cafeteria groaned softly. He entered the hallway hearing from the cafeteria growling noises as he continued walking and entered the cafeteria to see multiple vampires in the room looking furiously angry while hearing multiple sounds of growling coming from them. 
Vincent folded his arms to frown visibly on his face as he heard “Go to sleep Adair.” 
The voice sounded like his three sons speaking in unison from his right side as sleepiness hit him and he fell towards the ground falling unconscious. Vincent came to hearing electrical gate humming noises while lying on the ground jerked open his eyes while sensing something covering his head. He put a fisted hand on his head to feel the head covering which he sensed was his mask. He felt objects clasped in his hands held them up in his eyes sight peering through the mask’s eye areas to see in his right hand was his barrette and in his left hand was his book. He sat up dropping the book onto his lap to yank off the mask putting it on his lap. He placed the barrette on his lap and fixed part of his hair dangling around his face in a tail with the rest flowing down his back. He picked up the barrette and placed it in his hair holding the tail in place and lowered his hands moaning a soft sound feeling himself better with his hair partly up. He picked up the book seeing it was his book from the Ashmere Manor house in the Attala after thumbing through it with recognition within him. He moaned a soft sound to put a hand on his pant leg then thought it was best to not hide the book remembering it was about his parents’ life and how he came to exist. Vincent removed his hand from the pant leg to pick up the mask and placed it on covering his head. He moaned a soft sound feeling the familiarity of the mask covering him that made him feel better. Vincent got up gripping the book and walked to the bars to listen to the electricity sounds. He heard the sounds sounding like the gate had a higher amount of electricity that would prevent him from manipulating the cell gated door. He eyed the book and with a groan walked to the wall to sit down with his back leaning against it book clasped in his hand on his lap. He eyed the gate to see the Ash brothers walk into view with glares in their eyes and blank expressions on their faces that looked at each other when seeing him. Vincent frowned as the brothers looking at each other gave off smirks on their faces before changing their expressions back to glares in their eyes with blank looks on their faces to stare at him. 
He spoke out loud “Ash, have you found out what happened to Julian?”
He saw widen eyes from the brothers who all shook their head no followed by one of them he recognized as Alexander speaking “We’ve been too busy watching you to find out about Vampire Leader Julian.” 
He shrugged hearing the emphasis on the words Vampire Leader figured it was best to keep his mouth shut and not say anything else. He eyed his sons who continued to stare at him with the expressions on their faces and eyes the same unblinking. Vincent felt the book in his hand sat up straighter and to hold up the book opening it and thumbed to the first page which he began to read the contents engrossed.   The book’s contents were exactly like he remembered reading in the past when he lived in the Ashmere Manor house with his Aunt. He looked up pausing from reading to sense the Ash brothers weren’t in their spots staring at him but gone which he looked down and continued to read.  He sensed himself stared at looked up finger on a word on the page to see his sons back in their familiar positions with their familiar looks on their faces and eyes. 
He frowned as Caesar spoke “Vampire Leader Julian has returned courtesy of the elves bringing him back. He is busy at the moment resting with his mate Jerrilyn.”
Vincent spoke loudly “Oh ok.”
He looked down at the book and resumed reading it letting himself become engrossed. He read the book’s entire contents came to the last page and closed the book to sense his sons were gone from their positions which he looked up seeing them not there. He shrugged and felt himself tired leaned back till his back was touching the wall and placed the book on his lap clutched in his hand. He eyed the gate still hearing its humming noises and shut his eyes falling asleep. Vincent woke up hearing a baby crying noises jerked his eyes open to hear a loud howling sound in an annoyed tone. He sat up to stare at the gate to spot with disgust Julian standing behind it with Jerrilyn holding a wrapped bundle in her arms. He frowned as the howling stopped coming from Julius standing next to Julian who had a sneer on his face. 
He stared at Julian who spoke with a sneering tone “About time you woke up Adair.” 
Vincent frowned as Julian’s face formed a grimace with pain in his eyes noticed by the Ash brothers and Jerrilyn who gave him a nasty glaring stare of accusation in it after looking at Julian grimacing. 
He got up clutching the book in his hand and walked up to the gate to stand as Julian spoke with a hint of pain in his voice “Just want to introduce you to your grandson Augusto a vampire.”
He frowned as Julian stopped grimacing of pain to show relief in his eyes with a sneer forming on his face. Vincent folded his arms as Jerrilyn held up the bundle showing a baby with vampire’s red eyes and a mop of black hair on top of his head. 
He shrugged to speak with pride in his voice shocking him “Cute baby.”
He saw Jerrilyn stare at him with a confused expression on her face as he added “He’ll make a fine vampire leader once he grows up.” 
Vincent turned his attention towards Julian who was glaring at him with an angry look and frowned as the vampire waved a fist at him while gnashing his teeth. His senses blared a warning telling him that there was something else going on hence Julian’s angry reaction. He eyed the Ash brothers that had looks of suspicion in their eyes aimed at Julian and figured to himself that they sensed something was going on that the vampire wasn’t saying.    
He heard “Go to sleep Adair.”
Vincent growled of annoyance hearing the voice from the Ash brothers as he felt himself falling asleep. He hit the ground and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. Vincent woke up by impulse to sense the vampires outside his cell were gone while sensing that he was still in his cell. He opened his eyes and got up going to a wall to lean his back against it as he heard the electrical humming sound stop followed by the gate opening which he saw a male vampire who faded from view disappearing out of sight. Vincent walked out of the cell to peer into the hallway seeing no one in sight. He frowned but still clutching his book walked down the hallway to the door and opened it to peer out still seeing no one in sight. He groaned a soft sound and walked through the doorway to feel the familiar pulling sensation which he felt it lead him to the cafeteria which made him feel disgusted. He arrived at the cafeteria to see Julian standing in the middle of the room looking angry. 
Julian spoke “I didn’t order you out of the brig, vampire. Go back to the brig and stay there.” 
Vincent frowned inwardly hearing Julian’s words figuring out that some vampire set him up to annoy Julian who didn’t look happy to see him and neither were the vampires in the room who were heard growling while appearing to glare at him. 
He held up the book and spoke with sarcasm “Happy reading.” 
He noticed the Ash brothers standing off his right tossed them the book which Alexander caught then added “Excuse me.” 
He turned around only to find himself facing the opposite direction holding a knife handle with blade pointed at his chest. 
He felt himself irritated as he heard “May I have the knife?”  
He sensed a vampire next to him that spoke the words in a fearful tone as he noticed Julian look nervous by the expression on the vampire’s face. 
He spoke loudly “Julian, tell the vampires to cut the knife throwing or I’ll be tempted to throw it back at them.”
He thrust the knife at the vampire besides him who took it then he walked out of the room again feeling the pulling sensation which took him to the garage room where he found an elf and a vampire in the middle of an argument. He heard the argument was about him which the elf was insisting on seeing him while the vampire was saying that he was indisposed. 
Vincent walked up to the elf and spoke loudly “Alright I’m here. What’s up?”
He stared at the elf who spoke noticing him “Get in the van I want to talk to you privately.” 
Vincent obeyed getting inside the van to kneel and noticed no one inside as the elf followed him in slamming the door. 
He heard a beep noise followed by humming of electricity as he heard the elf speak “There that should keep them from disturbing us.”
Vincent frowned as he saw the elf went to sit down in a seat facing him before adding “Julian has been implanted with pain devices.” 
He stiffened as he recalled Julian acting like he was in pain in front of him and acting furiously angry at him when introducing baby Augusto. 
He nodded his head as the elf added “The pain devices can be set off by remote with ten levels on it anywhere in the castle due to there being signal devices set to it.”
He spoke as the elf paused “Julian showed off his son to me recently.” 
He stared at the elf who spoke “Yes we’re aware of that from eavesdropping on the conversation. Augusto will have to go to the hospital once he’s old enough to be implanted with the sun protection armor which we plan to force the issue if Julian doesn’t do anything about it.” 
He again nodded his head as the elf continued “We suspect from overhearing Julian’s talk with Jerrilyn that he has managed to turn your daughter against you.” 
He growled an annoyed sound loudly as the elf paused then continued talking “The turn against thing is from Julian claiming that you murdered his father without mercy which she like the other vampires believed him enough to be angry at you. Unfortunately there are others overheard who are beginning to doubt Julian’s words about his father due to evidence pointing to us doing the execution which we have given them when their out of the castle.” 
Vincent didn’t comment as he heard the familiar beep noise followed by the electrical humming sound stop which he again heard the elf speak as the door slammed open “I’ll be back for more talks so get out we’re finished.” 
He obeyed to walk out and heard the door slam shut followed by the van flying away as he walked to the steps. He found himself facing the opposite direction holding a knife handle in his hand facing away from him was a male vampire looking nervous. Vincent felt annoyance eyed the vampire’s left leg underhanded threw the knife aiming at it and saw the vampire crumble to the ground groaning loudly. 
He spoke “Cut the knife throwing now. Next time I won’t be merciful.” 
He walked away going up the stairs and felt the familiar pulling sensation which he passed by vampires in the hallways and stairwells that clamped their talk when they saw him as he went by them. He found himself going to the Vampire Leader’s quarters to see the familiar guards there stopped in front of them. 
He spoke “Is Jerrilyn around?”
He heard from one of the guards “She’s inside and doesn’t want to be disturbed.” 
Vincent heard a sneering voice sounding loudly “I told you to go to the brig. Why aren’t you doing it?”
He turned his head to his left to see Julian standing in the hallway with his familiar escorts which he instead of answering the vampire’s question thrust out his fists hitting the guards knocking them unconscious then yanked open the door walking inside. He found Jerrilyn sitting in a chair that looked at him with annoyance while having a blanket covering her chest which he saw a lump that told him she was holding Augusto underneath it. 
He again heard Julian’s voice sounding behind him “I gave you a direct order. Go to the brig now.”
Vincent turned around to face Julian standing behind him. He darted forwards hand in a fist and punched Julian in the stomach that bent down groaning. 
He spoke loudly “That’s for turning my daughter against me.”
He heard nothing from Julian but a loud gasp sound from behind him sounding like Jerrilyn which he walked out of the room to down the hallway only to find himself facing the opposite direction holding a knife handle. He glared at the vampires who looked nervous as Julian looked sick. He eyed one of the vampires’ shoulder and threw the knife aiming at the area to see it hit its target followed by the vampire falling backwards groaning loudly. Vincent pointed a finger at the remaining standing vampire who looked nervous which he turned and walked away going further in the hallway while hearing a retching noise sounding behind him loudly. Vincent felt the pulling sensation groaned and allowed him to lead him to his quarters which he went inside shutting the door finding no one inside the room and that he was alone. He went to the chair and sat down leaning back eyes staring at the door finding it still closed till he sensed himself getting tired got up and went to the bed lying his form down on it. He shut his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious. Vincent woke up hearing humming sounds by the smell of blood filling his nostrils. He jerked his eyes open to discover his mask was off his head gone, with his hair dangling in his face telling him that his barrette was also gone from him. He found himself sore all over like he was punched and kicked groaned softly as he again smelled blood to see a jug sitting behind the gate calling him to feed which he got up and went to the gate only to get his hands pulled back that told him it was too high charged of electricity for him to touch it and live. 
Vincent spoke out loud “Julian retaliated against me punching him by having me punched all over from the feel of my soreness along with taking away my mask and locking me in a cell with a jug outside to drive me crazy enough to want to feed which I would attack the cell entrance hurting myself more due to it charged with electricity enough to hurt me. It’s not the first time he pulled that stunt on me and he won’t get it that I don’t take his authority as vampire leader due to his behavior towards me. I should have let the elves execute him instead due to how he managed to turn my own daughter against me as a lesson for believing his lies.” 
He again felt the call of blood driving him to feed groaned loudly and folded his arms eying the jug of blood which he added “He also has been sickening me with fruit juice cocktail enough to make me get sicker. I wouldn’t be surprised if that jug there isn’t really blood but that Argh.” 
He again felt the blood smell get stronger and stronger till he unfolded his arms and charged towards the cell doors till he got a rage episode hitting him putting him out. Vincent came to found himself lying on a bed staring at a familiar ceiling he saw was his quarters which he frowned to feel himself terribly weak and sensed himself alone in the room. 
He spoke his voice coming out strong with weakness heard “Julian has been leaving jugs of fruit juice cocktail with the door open to my quarters while I’m very sick enough to get desperate to drink it which I would gulp down then realize too late that its not blood and get more sick from it enough to throw it up.”
He shut his eyes and smelled blood groaned as he eyed the door to see it open ajar which he crawled towards it feeling himself too weak to walk or stand to yank it open to find three jugs sitting on the floor. He grabbed one and gulped it down only to realize too late it was fruit juice cocktail which he threw the jug in the hallway and took careful sips of the other jugs to realize that they were the same. He threw up the contents of the jugs then he crawled into his room shutting the door then proceeded to crawl passed the bed into the bathroom shutting the door behind him to the shower stall which inside he curled into a ball and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. Vincent woke up sensing himself much better but still weak and hungry to find himself still in his bathroom in the shower stall which he groaned out loud “Julian did it again. He left three jugs full of fruit juice cocktail for me to drink which I gulped one down only to realize too late what it was and threw up the contents. I sipped the other drinks to discover that they were the same as the jug I gulped down. Harrumph.” 
He paused to hear the familiar Ash brothers’ voices ordering him to sleep which he found himself passing out unconscious. Vincent came too find himself standing in front of the Ashmere Manor house staring at the door which he felt a hand on his shoulder grip him there. He looked to see his father looking at him with a glare on the vampire’s face. 
Vincent frowned as his father spoke “The vampires in the castle have gotten the impression that you don’t like Julian and have refused to follow his orders. They found this theory confirmed by you punching Julian in the stomach but the fact that you were doing it due to being angry at him for what happened to your daughter has been omitted from the other vampires.”
He groaned out as his father paused from talking “Hence they punching and kicking me in retaliation?”
He saw his father nod his head before the vampire spoke “They also have used Julian’s stunt of locking you in a cell and leaving a blood smelling drink for you to attack the bars hurting yourself from the electrical currents running through them.”
He gave up a sound of disgust as he felt his father’s hand tightened its hold on his shoulder followed by the vampire adding “They are also using Julian’s stunt of leaving you drinks that smell of blood but aren’t that to get you to drink it and get more sicker.”
Vincent frowned as his father kept talking ‘’I should add that several vampires were in the hallway when you punched Julian and overheard your words including seeing Jerrilyn’s reaction to her mate being hurt. The ones who were in the hallway have secretly talked to a select number of vampires who sympathize towards you and your situation but haven’t done anything due to how powerful Julian is with his leadership” 
He frowned forming it on his lips as his father continued “There are vampires willing to see you as vampire leader due to influence from the others vampires, werewolves and elves including Humans who are seeing you in that position. Unfortunately the majority of the people is not at the castle but is elsewhere. As for the castle vampires they don’t see you as vampire leader but as someone who is supposed to act like a bodyguard to the vampire in the leadership position along with enforcing the vampire’s rules among the other vampires.”
He groaned recalling him doing bodyguard work for another vampire in leadership position flashed in his mind as his father added “Several vampires sympathizing with your situation have taken a great deal of trouble convincing Julian to use you as a personal bodyguard and enforcer. Julian is having trouble accepting the convincing due to you doing things to annoy him such as walking out of the brig unordered which was done by a vampire who was doing it to spite the vampire leader due to personal feelings of not agreeing with what he was doing to you.”
Vincent smelled blood felt his father’s hand off his shoulder as blackness arrived within his eyes sight. He came to jerking himself up into a sitting position to find himself in the shower stall still in the bathroom which he smelled blood strongly looked to find three jugs on the floor. He felt a compulsion to drink them crawled towards the jugs to grab one and forced himself to take a sip with a great deal of effort to discover it was pure blood which he allowed himself to gulp down drinking it entirely. He once finished looked at the jug’s label to discover the words fruit juice cocktail on it. He placed the jug down on the floor then picked up another jug forcing himself to take a sip of it to discover it was like the first jug pure blood which he gulped down entirely then did the same with the third jug finding it similar to the other jugs and licked the rim of one of them his healer making a white mess on it. 
He rubbed a hand on his forehead thinking to himself “What’s up with the pure blood when I’ve been given fruit juice cocktail before?”
He heard nothing to answer his question felt himself much better got up and picked up the jugs and carried them out of the bathroom to the quarters’ entrance which he found the door ajar. He kicked open the door to find Jerrilyn standing in the hallway looking angry by the expression on her face. 
He frowned inwardly as he placed the jugs down on the floor and stared at her while speaking “I got this Julian turning you against me thing from a reliable source which I’m not saying who it is. Also I’m disappointed with your attitude towards me since you’re my daughter and I your father.” 
He saw Jerrilyn’s eyes narrow look becoming more glaring which she spoke “You want to explain how you got out of the brig despite Julian not ordering you?”
He spoke “Some vampire must have freed me to spite Julian for I was busy reading my book to pay attention to the manipulating by the gated bars. Oh I walked out because I thought Julian ordered me out and had requested me freed. Harrumph turns out to be not that.” 
Vincent clamped his mouth shut to stare at Jerrilyn whose eyes remained narrowed as she spoke “You want to explain why your source convinced you to punch Julian enough to get him sick with some ailment?”
Vincent stiffened sensing vampires in the hallway overhearing the conversation which he spoke “That was just something I did out of being angry at Julian due to thinking he ordered me out of the brig only to find out it was something some vampire did to spite him which got me in more trouble with him. I shouldn’t have punched Julian instead used words which is something I’m slow to get when angry at people. I should have used words instead of my letting my fist do the talking.” 
He paused to hear a sound of disgust from Jerrilyn which he added “By the way Jerrilyn tell Julian to order the vampires to quit throwing knives at me. I’m fed up with the knife throwing. I had to retaliate by throwing the knife back at the vampire who threw it at me which they wound up suffering pains from that. I don’t like having to do the knife throwing and I’m getting tired of catching knives thrown at me due to vampires having some attitude towards me. It’s getting annoying.” 
He again paused to hear another disgusted sound from Jerrilyn which he folded his arms and narrowed his eyes forming a glare on his face while staring at her. 
Jerrilyn spoke “The knife throwing is not something Julian can control all the time due to vampires reportedly said to have some angry attitude towards you. I heard that they think you don’t like Julian and have balked doing his orders. What do you say about this?”
Vincent spoke “Jerrilyn, I’m having a hard time liking Julian due to how he has treated me since I first met him. That’s due to him accusing me of killing his father and his attitude towards me haven’t been likable to my standards. Harrumph.” 
He kept the glare on his face as Jerrilyn spoke “You want to explain that book you showed to Julian and others?”
He spoke “I got the book from my home in the Attala forest. I already read the book and memorized the contents. I thought the book was worthy of sharing hence me showing it to Julian and others like you said. Have you read the book? It’s very interesting worth reading.” 
Vincent stared at Jerrilyn who formed a frown on her face which he sensed vampires arriving looked off her left to see the Ash brothers standing in the hallway with familiar looks on their faces. 
He shifted his eyes from Jerrilyn to his sons as one of the Ash brothers spoke sounding like Julius “Vampire Leader wants you in his quarters Jerrilyn. Something I heard about Augusto needing to be fed and is crying about it.”
He saw Jerrilyn fade from view which he eyed his sons to hear them speak in unison “Go to sleep Adair.” 
He groaned feeling sleepiness hitting him felt hands grabbing him as he shifted towards the floor holding him up and yanking him further into his quarters which he felt himself passing out unconscious. Vincent woke up jerking in a sitting position finding himself on top of a cafeteria table feeling himself much better rested. He felt a hand on his shoulder looked to see it belonged to one of the Ash brothers he recognized as Julius while his brothers had glares on their faces. He kept his mouth shut to frown as Julian he saw entered the room that formed a glare on his face aimed in his direction. Vincent continued to keep his mouth shut as Julian was followed by Jerrilyn holding a blanket bundle he assumed was Augusto. 
He kept his mouth shut as Julian spoke “Why is Adair here? Put him in the brig and have him stay there till I order him out.”
Vincent noticed a pained look in Julian’s eyes kept his mouth shut as the Ash brothers grabbed him and hauled him off the table and keeping their hands on him kept him in a standing position. 
He spoke “I don’t find it amusing that you turned my own daughter against me Julian.” 
He saw Julian’s eyes narrow with a glare in them as he added “Jerrilyn is my daughter and I don’t like the way you have her treating me so cut it out.” 
He heard groaning noises sounding from the vampires in the room as Julian spoke “Ugh Adair is insane again.” 
He stiffened hearing that as he again noticed a pained look in Julian’s eyes as the vampire continued “Jerrilyn spill it who fathered you?”
He kept his mouth shut as Jerrilyn spoke sound annoyed “I’m told that my father was a Human male who was later killed off drained to death by a vampire yet unidentified and that my mother was an elf named Miranda.” 
He saw a smirk look on Julian’s face as he felt himself annoyed spoke “Whatever you were told Jerrilyn, I’m still your father and I expect you to treat me better than this.” 
He glared at Julian who spoke “Haul Adair to the brig now. His craziness is too much for me.” 
He again saw the pained look in Julian’s eyes felt the Ash brothers’ hands on him in tight ironclad grips hauling him out of the room into the hallway which he jerked himself out of their grips and felt them let go. He felt a pulling sensation followed it and realized it was leading him to the brig which he went to and was thrust through a cell entrance with the gate slamming closed behind him. Vincent folded his arms feeling himself angry and annoyed. 
He heard “It’s quite common for Vampires male or female to kill off their mates if they are useless to them.” 
He recognized the speaker as Alexander looked at the Ash brothers as his son continued talking “Jerrilyn saying her words is just to put Julian off from thinking of killing her due to him being overheard saying that. She has given him what he wants is a son to pass down the position and it won’t be long now till Augusto outgrows his dependence on her for feeding which Julian will have the excuse to kill her off.”
He groaned a soft sound hearing his son’s words as Alexander continued “Jerrilyn will say or doing anything to keep herself alive including speaking lies to people and show support to Julian despite disagreeing with his actions towards others. She doesn’t have the authority to question his orders or do anything about them. Only another male vampire with support of others can challenge Julian and his orders which no one has bothered to take up doing but there’s a rumor of vampires pointing the finger towards you as the one challenging him.” 
He shrugged and went to a wall to sit down leaning his back against it while hearing nothing from Alexander or comments from his brothers. He eyed the Ash brothers who resumed their positions behind the gate humming of electricity staring at him with blank expressions on their faces and glares in their eyes. He shrugged again and figured that he’ll sleep before a stunt of putting a jug of blood on the floor behind the gate to make him crazy enough to attack the gate and get sick happened again. He leaned his head back and shut his eyes feeling himself needing to sleep and felt himself passing out unconscious. Vincent woke up screaming feeling pain in his chest that went away as he jerked open his eyes. He saw two vampires behind the gate that were a male and a female looking nervous while appearing to look at each other with fear looks on their faces. 
He frowned as the male spoke sound nervous “Some elf arrived requesting Jerrilyn and Augusto her offspring to the hospital. Vampire Leader allowed only Augusto to go despite Jerrilyn’s protests. He later had her executed with her body thrown off the cliff. The Ash brothers for some reason went mad with anger after hearing that and punched out Vampire Leader with their fists in his face. He’s in medical which we’re waiting for him to wake up from suffering an apparent head injury when he hit the floor after being punched in the face.”
Vincent felt himself stiffening hearing that as the male vampire continued talking “Also it took a lot of talking from one of us to convince the Ash brothers to stop punching Vampire Leader after he went down on the floor. The Ash brothers in question are currently in their quarters at the request of one of us insisting that they need to calm down from their anger by being isolated for awhile.”  
Vincent groaned a soft sound as the two vampires he saw faded from view which he felt sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of Ashmere manor house. He felt a hand touch his shoulder which he looked to see his father who was frowning. 
He stared at his father who spoke “The Ash brothers’ reaction towards Jerrilyn’s death is from being aware that she’s their sister whom they have a certain fondness towards to. Their actual explanation of punching Julian will come out soon. I’m pretty sure that the other vampires are more nervous of the Ash brothers than they are of Julian and won’t retaliate due to their fear.”
He frowned hearing his father’s words as darkness arrived and he came to hearing a howling sound jerked open his eyes to see two vampires both males behind the gate that was open and silent of electricity. 
Vincent frowned as one of them spoke “Adair, get out. Vampire Leader wants to see you.” 
He got up and walked out and wordlessly followed one of the vampires with the other behind him through a maze of corridors and stairwells till they reached the familiar room he recognized as for medical ailments. Vincent kept his mouth shut to see Julian lying on a bed with a bandage wrapped around his head on his forehead while appearing to be grimacing from pain with eyes shut.       
He stood at the foot of the bed as one of the vampires spoke loudly “Vampire Leader, Adair is here.” 
He eyed Julian who opened his eyes showing fear and pain in them which the vampire spoke sounding nervous “What do you know of the Ash brothers?”
Vincent spoke “I know that they were carried at the same time by a female vampire and that their brothers. I also find that they have the ability to put me to sleep by them speaking the command of go to sleep together in unison. Also their strength is similar to mine due to them able to haul me out of the cafeteria room at your orders. Anything else you like to know?”
He frowned as Julian spoke “Confirm or deny that you fathered the Ash brothers.” 
He stiffened hearing that as one of the vampires besides him spoke “The Ash brothers were heard ranting as they attacked Vampire Leader calling Jerrilyn their sister and that their father they named as you would be furious to hear what happened to her and would want Vampire Leader dead for good for that stunt their calling it regarding her execution.” 
Vincent forced himself to look Julian in the eye and spoke in a firm voice “The Ash brothers are my sons I sired with a female vampire which I figured out with the help of others of this.” 
He heard in response the words “Go to sleep Adair.” 
Vincent stiffened hearing the Ash brothers’ voices sounding behind him and saw Julian look very nervous by a fear look forming on the vampire’s face as he felt sleepiness shook his head and fell towards the floor falling unconscious. He dreamed of the Ashmere House followed by his father there touching him on the shoulder looking serious by the expression on his face. 
Vincent frowned as his father spoke “The Ash brothers have made a nasty reputation known among the castle vampires as the ones with the ability to take down any vampire using very strong strength in fights and proved it by how injured Julian turned out to be. Their also known to make Julian nervous whenever they speak in unison for that creeps him out which he has admitted that to others who told the Ash brothers this. As for the Ash brothers knocking you out after your admission was to prove a point to Julian that they can control you and they made it seem that they can make you challenge him for the leadership as rumored around the castle.” 
Vincent spoke as his father paused “What do you have in mind to handle Julian and the Ash brothers?”
He stared at his father who spoke “There’s an opportunity to get Julian to back off his torture done on you will present itself once he realizes that the Ash brothers are a threat enough to get him to do this. Don’t worry the Ash brothers will prove to have loyalty towards you enough to force Julian and others to change their attitudes towards you. I warn you that it’ll take time for the attitude to change starting with Julian once he recognizes the threat of the Ash brothers are being towards him.” 
Vincent smelled blood frowned feeling his father’s hand off his shoulder followed by blackness arriving came to jerking his eyes open finding himself lying on a bed with the Ash brothers one dangling a bag full of liquid in it that shut it closed. He eyed his sons as Julius he recognized walked out of sight holding the bag which he sat up to see the vampire putting the bag onto the table next to the wingback chair and found himself in his quarters from the looks of it. He wordlessly kept his mouth shut figuring out that the Ash brothers weren’t in a talkative mood from them looking at each other with glares on their faces before staring at him. He eyed the door to the quarters finding it shut and stared at his sons sensing that they wanted to say something by Alexander opening his mouth then shutting it and looking at his brothers with some glare on his face. 
He frowned as Alexander spoke while looking at him “We managed to get Julian to admit himself to the hospital for checking on his head injury when it was obvious he suffered more than just a bump from weave walking after getting up from the bed and looking disorient. The other vampires agreed with us insisting that Julian go which they took him to there and he hasn’t been heard back yet.” 
He frowned hearing that kept a neutral expression on his face aimed at Alexander who paused from talking to look at his brothers then resumed looking at him expression remaining a glare. 
Vincent spoke “Oh well must have mean that his injury is more serious than at first thought and he’s not able to communicate anything about it.” 
He saw Alexander nod his head with expression remaining the same as he saw Julius and Caesar step to stand next to their brother with identical expressions on their faces while staring at him. 
He spoke “What am I supposed to be doing while waiting for word on Julian?” 
He frowned inwardly as Caesar spoke “Nothing but staying in here while waiting for word from Julian. It’s better than the brig anyway besides the others will leave you and us alone enough to not cause harm.” 
He opened his mouth to speak and heard the Ash brothers speak their familiar sleep command and felt himself passing out unconscious while lying down on the bed shutting his eyes."

Chapter Fourteen
Vincent paused from telling the story to shut his eyes feeling like he told what he could tell only to get Sora's familiar vibration vibrating through his skull. 
He opened his eyes to glare at Sora while speaking "I told what I know regarding this Vincent you wanted to know, Sora. Stop it with the vibration now."
He got Sora singing in response quitting the vibration "Your story doesn't say why the Earthers revere Adair Vincent Attala religiously as a higher form of being for asking for favors and hoping for healing methods. So talk on that now!"
Vincent groaned loudly before speaking "After the Ash brothers put Vincent to sleep they got him out of the vampires' castle stronghold via vehicle and dumped him onto the elves. 
Vincent woke up via the Ash brothers' commanded words and told by Julius "You're to stay with the elves on a permanent basis from now on. We don't trust Julian to use his medical injuries from us as an excuse to cause harm to you or retaliate against us for punching him down for the death of Jerrilyn. We'll be back for you once it's safe to do it."
He found the elves wound up putting him down into some sleeping status involving sleeping in an oxygen chamber for a lengthy time period apparently forgotten by the Ash brothers who didn't keep their oath as said to him and even forgotten that he was sleeping there. Vincent wound up discovered by the Tennans during their explorations of the cave who woke him up from a sleeping status. They tried to put an egg they call it their living computers into Vincent to scan his mind and know his information's contents. He wound up sick with throwing up his stomach from the Tennans' eggs inhibiting him for compute they called it. It took about five eggs till they got the message that the inhibiting was making him sick. The Tennans wound up trying to hook up Vincent into their machine for creation they called it. Machine rejected him actually, spat him out once he was inside and refused to take him into despite attempts to do further manipulations-"
He was interrupted by Sora singing "Not that story! Tell another story of Vincent! I don't care for the Forgivers to get furiously upset from hearing you tell about the Tennans and their destruction! The Forgivers have been hissy angry as you Earthers say it from whenever they hear of a story involving the Tennans and their destruction!"
Vincent groaned in response to recall another memory fully in his mind. 
He frowned as he heard from Sora singing he forcing himself to listen to her singing he figured was telling a story he heard.

"Morgan as she's called is a rare Earthari with sea colored eyes and Fishla feminine hair in a Planet called Fishlala. It's populated by Fishla and beings referred themselves as Earthari, Earther, Weres and Pointers. Morgan has an Earther father and a Pointer Mother, attends school, as a new student from being home schooled all her life. Jones is an Earther with long hair, in school, a popular boy. Jones suddenly panics after he feels his heart beating after meeting Morgan. It's a sign for she’s his mate. He tries to get others kill Morgan by having them cut her throat. But a female Pointer who likes Morgan stops the attacks." 
Vincent spoke to himself as Sora paused "Pointer is Fishla's speak for Elf species having pointy ears despite an Earthari's appearance on their faces. I have no idea where these Elves came from other than told that they appeared on Fishlala one thousand Earthari's years ago with Sora and her kind. 
Sora has refused to tell me their origins except say 'Their refugees from an attack on their home world hence they living on Fishlala.'-"
He was interrupted by Sora giving off her vibrations again which he focused onto her while speaking loudly "Alright! I'm paying attention this time! So tell me the story now!"
Vincent got from Sora in response "Just listen to the story, Ancient One."
He gave up a sigh sound hearing her still using the name term of Ancient One despite she not using his actual name of Speaker as referred by the Fishla and only using the name of Ancient One to his presence. He concentrated onto Sora telling the story:

"Morgan gets lost in school due to the school’s size being really big and like a maze. Jones surprises her unknowingly by kissing her on the lips and puts a magical paper map in her hand then disappears from her eyes sight without her seeing him. Morgan uses map to get to first period class which at arrival map falls apart from her hand. Later with her mother while in the car with father flying it talks about the Earther kissing her and some other school subject. 
Jones after school while wearing the armor is confronted by the custodian who speaks 'You better be Jones. I'm complaining that you Earthers look alike with the armor on.' 
Custodian is a Weres who tells Jones 'I saw you kissing an Earthari in hallway along with giving her a map.' 
Jones plays dumb which custodian stomps away. Jones’ friends all Earthers tell him about where Morgan lives a big house on a cliff over looking the ocean water in town called Lexington nearby the Earthers’ leader stronghold. 
Jones flies car to Morgan’s house which her father meets him outside and has a talk with him. Mostly about girl’s father’s reaction to girl’s mother and knows what Jones is feeling.
Jones goes home which is a townhome or condo where he lives with his mother a Pointer but no father he goes to his room slamming the door ignoring his mother calling for him. 
He lies on the bed staring at the ceiling as he hears a knock on the door and hears his mother’s voice saying 'You better answer the door or I'm coming in!' 
Jones answers the door to stare at his mother who stares at him and she doesn’t talk but continues to stare at him.
He thinks 'I'm closing the door in your face from staring.'
She speaks "You should let Morgan know how you feels towards her. She’s your mate. I insists on this." 
Jones groans then closes door after his mother walks away.
Next day Morgan goes to school while feeling a creepy feeling of being watched. 
Jones watches Morgan going into the school while wearing his armor. He gets a tap on the shoulder by a Weres student who says something about teasing and making fun of Morgan. Jones’ angry control snaps as he grabs Weres on the neck lifting him up. 
He notices that Pointers surround them as he speaks in an angry voice 'I wouldn’t tease Morgan if I were you.' 
Jones releases Weres by throwing him onto the ground which Pointers don’t help catch him. He stomps into the school and is distracted in homeroom as a friend taps him on the shoulder to point at the teacher calling his name which he answers. His concentration during school is mixed, after the final bell goes outside to watch for Morgan.
Morgan after school gets call from her father on communicator that says 'I can’t come pick you up. You should ask an Earther to drive you home.' 
Morgan sees a group of Earthers by their armor on and walks over to them. 
Jones standing there watching sees her walking over to him and group. 
Morgan asks 'Who can drive me home?'
Jones is abruptly pushed forward which he says 'I’ll drive you home.' 
Morgan tells him where she lives as they walk to his car. Once inside his armor reverts back which Morgan stares at him for a bit then looks away as he flies the car to her house. They don’t talk but sit in silence once reaching Morgan’s house. 
Morgan says 'Thanks.' 
She gets out which Jones watches her enters the house. He angrily thumps the steering wheel and places his head over his arms resting on the steering wheel trying to calm down. Once calm he drives himself home to an apartment complex and parks the car then slowly walks to his apartment shared with his mother. Once inside his mother catches him on the stairs which he doesn’t say a word as she stares at him. 
Then she speaks 'The weekend is coming up. You should have the opportunity to let Morgan know about her being your mate.'
Jones goes to his room without a word, but gets a knife and goes into the bathroom and cuts his right wrist which causes it to bleed dripping. He places a bandage over the cut and cleans up the mess in the bathroom then goes to his bedroom to sleep.
Morgan next day later sitting in her bedroom hears the doorbell ringing then yelling of her mother screaming runs out of her room to the stairs to see Weres about two of them that run up grabbing her. Morgan struggles as the Weres yank her out of the house to a van that flies away. Weres in the van shows her a map of an underground sewer that leads to another manhole they can’t open and need her to walk the sewer to open it. She refuses but Weres claim that they poisoned her and won’t give her the antidote. Morgan is yanked out of the car to an open manhole in the forest which they insist she go down it. Morgan obeys and discovers gas bad air but walks towards the other manhole while coughing and holding a flashlight. The gas gets too much she kneels and sees with her flashlight bones of Earthari scattered in the sewer and realizes the job wasn’t a job but a trap to kill her. Morgan gets overcome by the gas faints lying down. 
Jones flying his car above her house sees Morgan yanked out of the house by Weres and sees her put in a van that flies away, which he follows with his car and lands it a good distance away in a forest with cloudy sky. He grabs an oxygen mask and follows the Weres hauling Morgan. He is annoyed to see Morgan enter a manhole and hears the Weres' talk which is the job is not a job but a trap to kill Morgan. Sun comes out and Jones’ armor comes on with a loud snapping sound. Weres to him act like they didn’t hear the sound walk away from the manhole after closing it. Jones after Weres are out of sight goes to the manhole and yanks it open and then puts on oxygen mask. He goes into the sewer and uses night vision to find Morgan lying on the ground like she’s unconscious. He picks her up and carries her to the open manhole which slams close and he sees sparks fly coming from the manhole. Jones realizes that the Weres were aware of him and locked him in the sewer. He gets upset sits down on the ground with Morgan on his lap. He cries as he yanks off oxygen mask tossing it aside and remembers a class taught by his teacher an Earther about Earthers declaring them and their mates which is exchange blood from their wrists to drink. Jones pulls the sleeve of his right wrist showing a bandage and leans Morgan’s head up which he forces her mouth open and yanks bandage partly off which blood leaks from it dripping. He puts the wrist over her open mouth and lets the blood drip into it while speaking words out loud that he has declared her his mate. He feels fatigue puts bandage back on wrist and kisses Morgan on the lips then he leans his form against the wall holding her in his arms as he breathes the gas which he starts coughing. The gas gets too much for him which he lowers his form to the ground still holding Morgan and keeps his arms around her as he becomes unconscious.
Morgan wakes up in her bed and is confused and sees the sun block windows down. She groggily gets up to discover she’s wearing clothes similar to the Earthers' wear and is still confused as she goes to the bathroom to look in the mirror which she sees her eyes are sun colored like an Earther and sees fangs as she opens her mouth. Morgan goes downstairs to the kitchen sees her mother come out of the laundry room which Morgan stares at her with a confused expression. Her mother without a word goes to her and gives her a hug then sits her down at the table. 
She explains 'You were found by an Earther your mate in the gas sewer who did a ritual which was exchanging blood to declare mates. The Earther gave you his blood unknowingly of what will happen to you which changed you to an Earther. The Earther’s car was found abandoned in the forest area near the manhole. An eavesdropping Pointer as usual eavesdropping heard bragging from the Weres while at a drinking establishment. The Pointer discovered what the Weres did to you and this Earther managed to get help to them which saved their lives.' 
Her mother gets up to the fridge and pulls out a cup with smells of blood that makes Morgan lick her lips as her mother hands it to her Morgan gulps down the contents then covers her mouth of shock. 
Her mother says 'You’ll get used to it.' 
Jones earlier wakes up in his bed with his hand held by his mother and is confused.
She explains 'I got worried when I couldn’t contact you. I alerted the authorities. They found your car. And were alerted by a Pointer what the Weres did to Morgan and you. They found them both in the sewer still alive and unconscious. Morgan was examined and discovered that she is no longer Earthari but an Earther.' 
Jones is shocked to hear as his mother continues speaking 'You giving Morgan your blood changed her into an Earther. The change kept her alive. You should go to Morgan’s house and tell her about you being her mate. And I insists you do it once you have something to drink.'
He is pulled off the bed to down stairs to the kitchen which she hands him a cup full of blood from the fridge which he gulps down. Once finished his mother bids him to go which Jones leaves apartment to his car and flies to Morgan’s house leaving car to the front door ringing the doorbell. Morgan’s mother answers and leads him to a room then leaves. He looks around the room nervously as Morgan enters which he struggles to hide his happiness, as she walks up to him to stand in front of him. He takes her hand and places over his heart as his other hand strokes her cheek. He senses her stiffen and sees her eyes widen as he stares at her with a hint of a smile on his face and eyes. Morgan stares at him and removes her hand from his chest to pull his sleeve of his left hand which he shakes his head and shows her his right wrist which she sees a bandage. He hears her sigh as he places a hand on her shoulder which she stares at him. He gently places a hand on her chin and lowers his head till his lips are an inch from hers. He sees her close her eyes and he kisses her on the lips while feeling her kiss him back. They break off kiss.
Jones speaks his name and tells Morgan 'I'm aware of your name being Morgan.'
They hug while repeatedly kissing each other on the lips in a pattern. 
Morgan and Jones are interrupted by her mother entering the room giving off a throat clearing noise who speaks 'I received a phone call from the Earthers’ stronghold. They request Jones to bring Morgan for introducing her to the leader.' 
Morgan groans as Jones escorts her outside to his car which she experiences armor flapping over her for the first time which she is shocked to feel but with Jones’ input gets used to it. Jones flies car to the stronghold entering a cave which they go up a set of steps to meet another Earther who hisses at them. Morgan automatically understood the hissing as Earther's language which the Earther is asking why Jones brought that Earthari here wearing Earther's clothing. Morgan hisses in her defense that she was changed into an Earther by her mate Jones which the Earther looks at her with a shocked expression. Jones hisses that he won’t tolerate insults towards Morgan who is his mate. Earther harrumph some sound then they hear bell sound and walk to the throne room which Morgan copies Jones kneeling and putting head on the ground then sits up in kneeling position when she hears a male voice hiss word command for up. 
She sees the Earthers’ leader who hisses 'There is a new Earther in the room and wants that Earther to reveal themselves now!' 
Morgan with a poke on the arm by Jones stands up.
Earthers' leader hisses out 'Who changed her into an Earther?!"
Jones stands up to say 'I did the deed when I thought she was dying for she’s my mate.' 
Vampire leader hisses 'Jones and Morgan should be mating. I order them brought to a private room now!'
An Earther gets up and walks towards the room’s entrance with Morgan and Jones both looking freaked out and are led to a room with a bed a door to a bathroom and a fireplace. Jones after Earther leaves them closing the door speaks that this wasn’t what he had in mind which Morgan voices her agreement. Morgan and Jones stare at each other with freaked out looks then abruptly get in an argument about not wanting to mate with each other. Then next thing Jones and Morgan realizes their yanking their clothes off and hit the bed with Jones on top while mating. Morgan feels her female’s barrier break reacts not in pain but in pleasure as their moving with hands all over the place while sometimes kissing each other on the lips. Jones and Morgan feel an intense feeling of pleasure like charge from their mating parts and then Jones pulls out and they fall asleep. Jones wakes up to hear a soft groan noise coming from Morgan. He automatically puts a hand on her abdomen to see it growing swollen in a fast motion and feels the baby inside her moving as it's growing in her as her breasts get a bit swollen. He sits up staring at her abdomen as it gets really swollen and then with a fast motion a baby comes whooshing out from her and sees the baby is a girl as her abdomen deflates getting flat but with a touch of roundness as Morgan wakes up shaking her head groaning loudly. He lifts up the baby he sees are a girl and an Earther and places her on Morgan’s chest who opens her eyes them wide staring at the baby. Morgan is shocked to see the baby who she sees is a girl while feeling sore in her abdomen area clutches the baby to hold who puts her mouth on her nipple and she stiffens feeling the girl sucking her. 
She hears Jones comment 'My mother is going to be shocked seeing her granddaughter. I wonders what name will the Earthers’ Leader name her. I hope that it’s not a female version of my name Jones for I’ll never live that down.' 
Morgan giggles loudly at Jones’ name comment but struggles to stop laughing as he looks at her with a frown. Jones and Morgan burst out laughing then quiet when they hear their daughter making cooing noises and stare at the baby who appears to be happy by her expression on her face. Jones gets up gets dressed as Morgan hands him the baby and she gets dressed. He eyes the blanket on the bed which Morgan notices to pick it up tearing part of it in half which she wraps the baby in it. Together the two leave the room wandering together in the castle till they hear chattering of conversations which they follow till they reach a room that appears to be like a smaller version of the school cafeteria with Earthers in it chattering away. Jones and Morgan enter room wandering among them not paying attention to the pair till they spot a quiet small group of Earthers sitting with Weres and Pointers some of them paired off with an Earther and some Earther to Earther pairs and sees in one of the each pairs is holding a moving bundle in their arms. Morgan and Jones goes to sit next to them.
They hear a Weres male next to an Earther female holding a moving bundle in her arms 'I want to complain about the Earthers' leader being slow to make to an appearance. I'm impatient for the leader to name our son. I hate referring it as the baby.' 
Morgan asks Jones 'How long we were in our room doing the thing?'
She refers the mating as the thing and the baby’s birth. 
Jones shrugs while speaking "I don’t know. The thing I get that your referring to can last a long time tiring pairs out who fall asleep for unknowingly how long while getting their strength back followed by another thing over and over thing. Till they get fed up and quit which is followed by the baby's birth.' 
Morgan frowns as Jones stop talking. They hear the bell sound and Earthers with pairs stop talking to get up from benches which the two follow with the babies group to the throne room and they all kneel with heads near the ground. Jones and Morgan hear the leader’s command for up in hissing Earthers' language. They sit up and see the Earthers’ leader is in his throne chair while wearing his mask covering his head entirely-"
Vincent gave up a sound of disgust interrupting Sora who kept on singing ignoring his noises.
"They hear him order the babies to come forward for their names which Morgan and Jones get up first and are first in line walking towards the leader. They reaching the throne steps both hiss they have a girl which the leader names Jerusha then the two walk away to go to the back of the room to kneel as the other couples do the same."

Vincent gave up a loud Earthari sound of disgust only to get Sora's vibration vibrating within his body making him shake. 
He saw her face had anger on it which he spoke loudly "Quit it now! I haven't gotten the faintest idea of what you want me to do!"
He glared at Sora who sang quitting the vibrations to his relief "Never give up that awful sound of an Earthari again in my presence. I don't want to hear it from you as long as you're my guest in my kingdom."
Vincent thought to himself "Some kingdom. It's nothing but a rocky castle poking out of the ocean where you and others currently resides with me stuck here. Hmph."
He quit his thinking as Sora gave him another vibration which he focused onto her while folding his arms. He wound up to feel his armor snapping onto him again to his annoyance quit the arm folding habit. 
He glared at Sora who sang in response quitting her vibration "Be polite Vincent for this is my kingdom to me my home. It may not be much to you but its home to me. Don't ever think that thought again."
He shrugged a Fishla habit he copied from the Fishla and spoke firmly once his armor quit covering him "So is there any tales regarding Morgan and Jones and their daughter Jerusha you care to tell me?"
He got Sora singing in response he forcing himself to pay attention and mouth shut with himself quiet.
"Jones goes down stairs to the basement of the condo to do laundry which is mostly his underwear, towels and socks. He is met by a living plant creature that has a Fishla form that shifts form to Jones’ form knocking him to the floor unconscious. Jones finds himself chained and sees his mother there chained at another wall while there are two Sea Weeds as Fishla refer them medical experimental plant creatures both with his form and his mother’s form. Jones finds himself freed but restrained by their arms wrapping around him as he sees his mother freed but restrained by Sea Weeds' arms. The Sea Weeds yank him and his mother outside into the sun. Jones screams from the pain of the sun finds himself freed as his armor clamps over him and again finds himself restrained. Jones and his mother are taken into the air swung by tree to tree by Sea Weeds holding them till they reach a cave entrance the Earthers’ strong hold. Jones sees an armor person standing outside with extinguished Sea Weeds' arms holding it up. Jones thinks its awful leaving it out there. Jones and his mother are brought inside and put on the ceiling with arms covering their mouths which he watches situation. He sees Earthers surround Sea Weeds and sees hooded male the Earthers’ leader he assumes get up from rocky throne talking to the plant people in polite tones about what they want with him. Sea Weeds he hears speaks calling Earthers’ Leader a Fish for having his face hidden. Leader is responding to them that he had the Leader indisposed and shifts form to reveal Sea Weed. Earthers he sees are growling loudly as he and his mother are lowered to the floor and freed. Jones gets mad which Sea Weeds leave which his mother yanks him out and tells him to use his fists on the awful armor statue while she tries to defuse the situation. Jones goes outside which armor snaps on and he uses the statue as a puncher landing his fists on it while getting himself calmer from his anger. He sees his mother walk out of the cave out of the corners of his eyes as he is punching. The statue to his shock grabs one of his hands and he hears an Earther like noise coming from the armor. He hears his mother speak in a loud tone about the Earther should be going inside to do something about them fighting each other for leadership. Jones finds his hand freed watches as the Earther points a finger at him and jerks his thumb at another direction. He sees his mother dart towards him grabbing his arms and pulls him away towards the forest which he is thinking questions as they speed walks thru the forest towards their home. Once reaching home his mother speaks that the Earther being a statue was the Earthers’ indisposed leader who was very unconscious and she had Jones punch him to wake him up his mother adds that he has chores to do and should go do them. Jones finishes his laundry and takes it upstairs to his room where he does his homework and then goes to bed at a late hour because its weekend night. In the late morning waked up by his mother who tells him that there’s an Earther at the door requesting him which he goes to the front door to see Earther tell him that their leader requests his presence and grabs Jones pulling him outside where there are two others there. They take Jones to van and it flies in the air to a castle on the cliffs with sun blocking windows covering them. He is brought inside to the throne room where he sees the leader sitting on chair and other Earthers there are kneeling on both sides all with eyes staring at the floor. Jones is instructed to walk forward towards the leader who gets up walking towards him. Jones pauses as the leader places hands on his shoulders in a gentle way then the leader speaks about Jones waking him up while he was unconscious in his armor outside by punching him. Jones frowns at that as the leader adds that the plant people when they were being indisposed by the Earthers blabbed about some Fish like species that created them. The leader mentions that the Weres got a hold of the Sea Weeds and had the plant people disposed the Earthers' leader in exchange for food. Leader adds that a Pointer arrived at the cave after he got his leadership back and told them about the Weres’ pack leader’s identity revealing him as the custodian at the local high school Jones attends to. The Pointer according to the leader adds that the Weres are seeing their pack leader as a figurehead and are breaking their code of honor rules for all Weres to follow by doing nasty things to the each other including other species living in this planet. The Pointer included that the Weres are being monitored very closely by others including some mysterious species they never seen who they are who are enforcing the Weres’ code and need the Earthers' help on this hence them telling this to the Earthers and their leader. The Earthers’ leader tells Jones about his father being Human who died doing a job for him and that his mother was expecting him during that time. Jones gets mad and feels a hand on his shoulder while hearing his mother’s voice saying words that the words are true about his father and that the Earthers' leader has been keeping tabs on him as he grew up to his current age. Jones struggles to calm down as his mother hugs him which he allows her to do-"
Vincent interrupted speaking "I know the rest of the story involving Jones. So no need to tell me that fact about the Fishla giving us Earthers a home in the ocean via Pointer doing that job."
He got from Sora singing in response he hearing her speaking 

"Morgan is sitting at table in kitchen is being home schooled by her mother a Pointer when her father comes in from outside pacing in the room back and forth. Mother and daughter notice him pacing which he speaks that the Earthers’ leader expressed interests in Morgan herself and has demanded that he bring her to him by the end of the day speaking the order in a threatening tone while using the words 'or else.' 
Morgan frowns at that which she hears her mother speak that she’ll come along. Her father speaks that the leader made it clear in threatening tones that he is to bring Morgan alone to him. Morgan frowns as her mother tells her to get herself ready in dressy clothes to go with her father. Morgan goes to her room gets herself dressed in a dressy pants and top with a jacket over it and brushes her hair then puts on dressy shoes. She goes out to the kitchen where her father takes her out to the car and which he flies with them sitting in silence. She stares out the window to see the flight is short and leads to a castle in the cliff wall which he flies into a cave entrance and parks the car. She and her father get out to the stairwell that leads up in a circle which they go up to a hallway where an Earther is standing there with a glare on his face. She watches as her father and Earther get into hissing fits hissing at each other then they hear a loud bell sound. The hissing stops and her father and Earther together walk with her following them to a large room where there are Earthers standing that abruptly kneel with heads touching the ground. Morgan sees a hooded vampire with face covered by a mask that shows glowing eyes of the sun of machinery which she assumes is the Earthers’ leader walk into the room towards a chair on a set steps in front of all the Earthers. He sits and hears him loudly give out a hiss sound. Earthers in the room straighten up in a kneeling position as she hears him speak that there’s an Earthari in the room and what is she doing here. She sees her father get up from a kneeling position to stand speaking that the Earthari is his daughter who he was ordered by the leader to bring unless he misheard the order said by the leader who interrupts him by hissing out a sound. Her father cuts himself off to stare at the leader with a frown on his face. Morgan is ordered by the leader to walk forward which she does till she reaches the steps where the leader orders her to stop. Morgan doesn’t feel any fear towards the leader who asks her about her education which she says that she is home schooled by her mother. She hears a loud growl sound from the leader who speaks that she should be in school with the other kids and not home schooled something he expects this to happen from now on in an insisting tone. Morgan gulps at the words while hearing her father sputter protests from behind her speaking that she is Earthari and won’t fit in which the leader cuts him off with yelling a loud hissing noise that sounded like silence to her. The leader as Morgan listen orders that she go to school with the other kids from now on and expects that his order obeyed or he’ll have his people enforce it. She hears her father groan loudly from behind her as the leader orders her father to take her away and adds that he expects Morgan in school once the weekend is over with. Her father and she silently walk to the car which her father flies to her house and she goes inside which she sees her mother there staring with a frown on her face. She is told by her father to leave for he wants a private talk with her mother who she goes to her room and changes her clothes putting on her sweats and sits staring at the fire in the fireplace lost in thought-"

Chapter Fifteen
Vincent interrupted "Alright on the story! Just tell me something else now!"
He got Sora giving off her familiar vibration in response making him groan loudly from the knocking of his teeth banging together. 
He glared at Sora with annoyance running through him as she quit her vibration to sing he hearing her speaking "Respects to the Ancient One is earned and not given by my people, Callan."
He frowned at the name of Callan to find a Fishla coming into view carrying a child on his side by arms around it he saw was partially Human and Fishla by the looks of it indicating a female by the long hair. 
He frowned eyeing the Human an Earthari Fishla hybrid warily as Callan spoke he hearing hissing "Has this Ancient One given a name Sora?"
He frowned while eyeing Sora warily to find her singing in response "His name is earned by his actions than by words."
Vincent kept his mouth shut as his armor clanked over him again he feeling the sunlight's glaring onto him. 
He figured "It's our language that the Fishla adopted and translated via offsprings that their hissing in."
He heard Callan hissing to his thought "Interesting Ancient One he is. Speaks his words before he thinks them. Some of his comments are rude as Earthari say."
He formed a glare in response to hear from Sora singing "Don't mind the Ancient One. It's just the Weeds' potion put into his nourishment that is making him speak what's he's thinking out loud via speaking them."
Vincent felt annoyance take hold as the armor quit covering him to get up with a growling noise while glaring at Sora. 
He refrained from thinking any thoughts as Sora spoke again "Confess your crime to the Forgiver now, Ancient One!"
Vincent snarled angrily in response "I'm a leader I got to lead. I need to lead for I'm a leader. Others will serve me without questioning my orders."
He felt himself shocked with what he said clamped his mouth into a thin line while biting his lip with his upper teeth he ignoring the pain in response. He eyed Callan to find the Fishla walking up towards him still holding onto the offspring and halting once in front of him. 
He got from Callan hissing "Tell me what do you smell from this offspring I'm holding?"
He frowned at the question leaned forwards towards the child to sniff her through the holes in his mask in his nose to smell the ocean including a sickly blood smell bothering him that seemed familiar to him. 
Vincent spoke ignoring that he was speaking his words out loud "Offspring smells of some sick blood smell that seems like I've smelled it before."
He eyed Callan who spoke in response "Can you remember what smell it is?"
He groaned while looking away to recall while thinking ignoring that he was speaking his words out loud "I recall my raiser was sick with that sickly bloody ailment smell that got passed onto other Earthari as you call them. The smell wound up getting me to feed onto them draining them to death. I later buried their bodies into the ground once I was done killing them. What's going on with that offspring being sick like they are?"
Vincent glared at Callan he assumed was his name who spoke in response "Get out of the sunlight and follow me where you can take off your mask."
He groaned softly and wordlessly followed Callan further into the castle to find the male going into a room that was lighted by a lamp light and had no windows in sight to his relief. 
He didn't say a word as Callan ordered "Take you mask off now."
Vincent obeyed to hear Callan hiss out "Argh!"
He frowned at what Callan was indicating to think to himself "What is Callan indicating towards me anyway?"
Vincent frowned as Callan spoke in response "Simply sniff the offspring again and tell me what you smell."
He obeyed to smell the familiar sickly blood smell that was calling him to feed he forcing himself to restrain himself and not act on it.
He spoke in response "The smell is driving me to feed, Callan."
He got Callan hissing out "Don't address me as Callan, Ancient One. Only the Sora and her people can address me as Callan their speak for Healer."
Vincent frowned forming it on his lips while eyeing the Healer a medical doctor he figured was the male's position who added "Since you drink blood have you figured out what's different from the blood of those who's very smelly to you to feed from those who's not that smelly in question?"
Vincent spoke in response from memory of his Aunt and her people sick in front of him and his feeding onto them "The blood of the smelly as you refer them tasted yucky when I drank from them. Its like their blood doesn't have the nutrients' taste for Earthers to survive on."
He frowned while eyeing the Healer who spoke "Interesting that you Ancient One survived the blood of the smelly multiple times. It's some sickness put in place to kill an Earther actually."
He stiffened from the Healer's words to get from the Healer adding "The sickness among Earthari only hits whenever their in presence of an Earther that has fed off one of them." 
Vincent gasped gaping as the Healer continued "The Earther's feeding triggered the sickness actually to happen as a way of killing the Earther. Something the Earthari did to fellow Earthari on your home world overrun with Earthers feeding too much and decimating too much Earthari to the point of extinction. Hence this sickness triggered onto Earthari to kill Earthers with their massacred like feeding."
Vincent gaped in response as the Healer continued speaking "I have a job for you Ancient One. It involves being off Fishlala and elsewhere among the remains of the Earthari species contained on a planetary world named Zarghuna where there's a base named Annoyov Barrack Station One is planet bound. We Fishla built that station but left the Earthari to run it underneath their control as a place of peace for other species living on planetary worlds to have sanctuary from wars among their kinds and other species as well."
Vincent frowned to find Sora appearing from a hidden state he figured was it only to find her thrusting him a cup and speaking "Drink. It'll help remove the Weeds' potion from your system."
He obeyed to sip the cup finding it tasted of pure blood to him which he gulped down the cup then handed it back towards Sora who took it and faded from view. 
He assumed that Sora and her kind had hidden abilities as he eyed Callan in response who spoke "Follow me now."
He obeyed.

Chapter Sixteen
Vincent grunted feeling the sickness within his stomach start up again from the shuttle as the Fishla call it landing planet bound onto Zarghuna he glimpsed out the window was a plant like world that appeared to have no oceanic bodies of water to him other than what's he saw of Terra the Earthari's former home world. He again grunted as the shuttle landed followed by the pilot a Fishla male ordering him out. He obeyed to walk out to the hallway following it to hear noises he figured involved languages spoken to find various manoids indicating Terra's animals as humanoid forms to his confusion. He smelled blood exciting him only to grunt when he felt something suspiciously like a foot connecting with his stomach despite his mask covering his face making his stomach whine in protest. He looked down with a frown to find the foot remove itself he saw belonged to an Earthari girl almost a woman by the stink of her wearing a Fishla's Leader uniform with all black eyes that creep him out that were narrowed in a glare aimed at him. Vincent frowned eyeing the girl warily to find her not speaking in response to sticking her foot onto his stomach. He frowned as the girl in response swung her foot down with limber and athletic ability onto another foot he saw belonged to a manoid male figure that he recognized from the Fishla dub them Souler. He grimaced with his face hidden by the mask seeing the Souler's masked face of entirely black with golden orbs seen where the eyes were who did a double take look followed by looking at the girl who again stomped his foot clad in boots. He eyed the Souler warily to find the girl making gestures with her hands he finding himself understanding her words.
He recognized she was signing in Earthari's ancient sign language "Enough of the staring now Sir! Be gone and leave our visitor in peace now!"
Vincent shifted to eye the Souler looking out of the corners of his eyes he recalling "It's not polite to stare at a Souler fully in the eyes."
He kept his mouth shut as his stomach again gurgled its rumbling he got from the girl giving him a glare and making a come gesture towards him. He obeyed to ignore the Souler sensed staring but not following, he following the girl he figured was a declared Leader by the Fishla by her uniform throughout the Annoyov Barrack Station. He made sure to notice where he was led to, to find the destination was medical bay from the looks of it. Vincent frowned as the Leader pulled out an object from her pocket and blew into it, it making a squealing noise sounding loudly making him grimace from the noises. He grunted as a female Earthari wearing a doctor's uniform arrived in sight. 
Vincent frowned as the female spoke "Come with me."
He heard her speaking Terra's language of English he recognizing the language to follow her to a private room.
Once inside the room with her slamming the door with a bang sound she spoke "You're an Ancient One of Terra, a vampire as we Humans used to refer you and your kind. How did you survive the plague that mysteriously nearly wiped us? It wound up creating four Human species referred as Kang by the mark on their cheek like I have. Elric is by the mark on their arms and Gate Destroyers for having both marks including the Soulers themselves who don't have any markings but have a Human appearance of odd eyes."
He sighed a Human trait and spoke firmly recalling himself transported off Terra by the Fishla "The Fishla took a group of Humans some of them vampires onto their home world. This transporting was reportedly said to happen one thousand Human years ago. Don't ask me to tell you what's time or years mean to Fishla. They don't have that bit at all-"
He cut his talking cutting himself off once his stomach gave up a loud rumbling noise to groan while removing his mask to hear the doctor hiss a breath he frowning at her noises. He gave her a glare in response to get her speaking "Private room is that door in that direction. Your stomach is sounding like it needs to expel waste Human way assuming you remember how to do it."
Vincent spoke at her finger pointing a direction "Just don't let me feed off a Human for respects. The Fishla said that feeding off Humans would result in some sickness hitting them that would drive a vampire to feed enough to kill them. I don't care to find out if this is true or not."
He didn't say a word towards the doctor who again thrust a finger towards a direction while giving him a glare with her eyes turning all black in response he confused to see as he felt his senses blaring warily abruptly. Vincent without a comment entered the private room he saw was a bathroom and figured to himself what she was hinting to him to use it for.'

Vincent came out hand holding onto his mask to glare at the ceiling with an annoyance he spotted a being indicating of a bug with a bird beaked face complete with antennas and an all black form clinging to it making some clawed hand gesture. 
He gave the being he recognized from Fishla talk was a Tennan a glare as he got from the doctor still in the room "Ignore the Tennans. Their always everywhere and always nosy."
He gave up an Hmph sound in response spoke firmly towards the doctor "Now about nourishment for me to sustain myself?"
He glared as she spoke firmly while displaying her eyes all black to his annoyance "Just lie down on the bed and let me have the scanner scan you. I need to see what can be done to help you survive here other than what you said regarding feeding off Humans."
Vincent didn't say a word obeyed while putting his mask onto his chest to glare at the Tennan he spotted was still on the ceiling making a familiar gesture he recognized was speak "Don't look."
Vincent shifted to glare at the wall off his right of a Human seated in a canoe appearing to be a female while having candles lighted onto it. He kept his attention onto it as he felt itchiness all over but kept himself still. 
Vincent felt relief when the itchiness quit to his relief to find the doctor speaking "Scans is done. Kindly explain this metallic thing appearing to be retractable implanted into your back now."
He spoke firmly "It's a Fishla invention. Metallic armor that at the sensors on my clothes senses sunlight comes out via implant in my back and covers me entirely. It's noisy when it does that coverage either way. It only comes out whenever there's sunlight detected. I'm wearing a mask because my eyes can't take the sunlight even with the armor clamped over me. The Fishla gave me that mask to protect my eyes and my face from the heat of the sunlight heating up the armor onto me. My hands are fine being uncovered by cloth and covered by armor. It's my face that gets bothered actually."
Vincent sat up eyeing the doctor displaying her familiar black eyed look which he spoke firmly "Kindly explain this odd eyed look you're having now."
He stiffened as a Souler appeared from hidden state jabbing their sword aimed at the doctor and pointing it towards the door in a threatening gesture. 
He frowned thinking to himself "What's going on with them Soulers?"
Vincent frowned eyeing the doctor who willed aside her black eyed look and left the room shutting the door gently which he focused onto the Souler peering out the corners of his eyes to find the being's familiar voice sounding in his mind "She's a Telepath as the Humans creations between Human females and Tennans wishes to be called. Telepath is speak for mind walker actually."
He groaned softly to bow his head as he continued to hear from the Souler "The Fishla drove out the Tennans from Terra five hundred Human years ago and not one thousand as thought."
He gave up a sigh sound as the Souler kept speaking mentally within his mind "The Fishla picked up survivors of the Tennans' manipulations and their destruction to Terra. The Fishla thought the destruction to Terra would be too much for survivors to live on hence they picking you and those they found and brought to their home world. Unfortunately they didn't clean up the Tennans' mess. The Tennans that survived the destruction of Terra resulted in the Telepaths another form of Human marked by their eyes being one color and abilities involving mind walking created in the process of trying to survive without their Queen to lead them. I warn you that the Human and Tennans' mating wasn't willingly but by force actually. Now look at me Ancient One."
Vincent obeyed forcing himself to eye the Souler in the eyes where the golden orbs were to find the voice added "There's another Ancient One, a Human, living in the garden of the station acting as the Tennans' ambassador at the moment. It's a he referred as Terror by Leaders T'La who you met and her male sibling D'Clan. Now Terror seems to have a mental ability involving seeing everything within his mind with concentration with his eyes shut. Once you meet Terror you'll find yourself compelled to reveal a crime to him. The Humans on the station have referred him as the Forgiver for he always compelling people to ask for forgiveness from their wrong doings whenever their in his presence."
Vincent groaned softly as he got an image of a male Human with long black hair having Human black eyes not all black like the doctor's and having a beard and a mustache in a circle on his face. He found the image included the male wearing white clothing that appeared to be furry to him. He sighed once the image quit fully in his mind to find the Souler disappearing from sight to get up putting on his mask and went to the door to recall the doctor's manipulations. Vincent yanked the door open and walked out to find the doctor in the hallway still displaying her Telepathic look he assumed was it. 
He gave her a glare as she spoke "Follow me now."
He obeyed to find her leading him to the entrance of medical bay where the girl wearing a Leader's uniform was he figured was named T'La standing with arms folded. Vincent frowned as the doctor gave the T'La a glare with eyes seen narrowed he figured to himself was mentally telling her via mind walking talk. He folded his arms to frown while glad the mask was covering his face as the doctor walked away abruptly which he focused onto T'La to find her gesturing him to follow. He obeyed to follow while looking around at the station to find her leading him to the garden's entrance he spotted rain falling hard with thunder flashing to find her jabbing a finger aimed at him and towards the entrance while making a shooing gesture.
Vincent forced himself to sign her hand language "Water will wreck the armor implant I'm wearing that protects me from the sunlight."
He got from T'La forming a narrowed glare followed by her signing "Anything else you want to admit now?"
Vincent found T'La making a fight gesture move while turning sideways from him he seeing her sign "Get your sword away from me now! It's not necessary to stick that thing to my throat!"
He heard a growling noise from the Souler in response to find T'La shifted to face him while signing "Anyway where's Terror go off to at the moment? I know the Tennans won't let him stay in the garden with that mess outside."
He again got the familiar growl to find T'La making a come gesture towards him which he followed her while looking around to find her leading him to an area that appeared to be a trading center and leading him to a pair of Soulers standing in front of a door. 
He frowned as the Soulers stepped aside and got from T'La "Just go inside and do what the Soulers issue towards you now."
Vincent obeyed to find the entrance led to an elevator that went down followed by door opening to show a dark hallway. He walked out to feel hands gripping his arm he force himself to allow himself to be led through the dark hallway despite a light blaring into his eyes. He felt the armor didn't snap open to his confusion as he was brought through twisting and turns making him confusion to where his direction was. 
Vincent frowned thinking to himself "When will I get my nourishment? I'm bound to need to feed after that session I had in the bathroom or private room as their referred."
He heard nothing in answer to his question frowned forming on his lips.

Chapter Seventeen
Vincent came out of the Soulers' headquarters he assumed was where they lived via the elevator carrying a bag slung across his shoulder via strap while wearing a cloak complete with the hood covering his face he pulled back once out into the trading center as they referred it. He sighed a Human sound getting no reaction from the residents of the station to find T'La standing nearby that made a come gesture again. 
He wordlessly followed while baring his face and head he told by the Soulers "You're to bare your face and head period. Masks such as that isn't permitted unless your one of us when your not."
Vincent followed T'La again to the garden to find the thunderstorm had ceased he finding her signing "Just show me this sun protection thing you talked about."
He obeyed to pull onto the hood covering his head and face entirely and walked into the sunlight to feel the armor snap over him he finding the bag holding his blood nourishment wasn't affected to his relief. He eyed T'La he found was holding a tubal device in her hand aiming it at him followed by gesturing him to walk out. He obeyed to hear thunder sounded again as he entered the hallway to hear another rainstorm booming into the garden. Vincent sighed feeling the armor revert back into his back as he removed the hood while eyeing T'La finding her putting away the tubal device.
He signed towards T'La she looking at him "Who's this Terror I've heard referred as the Forgiver?"
He frowned as T'La signed in response "Just follow me."
Vincent obeyed to follow T'La a maze or corridors and elevators and stairwell routes making him annoyed he finding she had a destination in mind and wasn't leading him an aimless circle to his relief. He found her leading him to a room he saw was appearing to be the Command Center operations of the Annoyov Barrack station run by Humans he spotted had marks of Kangs by cheeks and Elrics by bared arms with no marks on their faces. He sighed as T'La jabbed a finger in a direction he seeing was the male he recognized as Terror seated on the floor in a crossed legged pose with eyes shut looking like he was concentrating onto seeing something within his mind. Vincent sniffed the air to smell the familiar stink of a female's courses running making him annoyed to smell it from Humans. He forced himself to ignore the smell to find T'La clapping her hands and found operations in the room ceased followed by one female wearing a blue uniform not familiar to him stepping away from the table beeping of noises cut by her hand waving over it. 
Vincent noticed that she had a look of shock on her face followed by a glare forming to hear "T'La says the Fishla picked him up from Terra with several other Earthari from the destruction of the Tennans' mess onto there from thinking the planet couldn't help life survive hence he appearing to be an Ancient One."
He frowned at the male voice spoken to find seated at the table opposite from the standing female was a young boy almost an adult with T'La's black hair long length and twin to hers including having twin black eyes in a glare aimed in his direction. 
He didn't say a word only to hear "Shouldn't you be speaking your name vampire?"
Vincent frowned hearing the voice sounding of a male to him and seemed familiar with a threatening tone to him as he looked towards Terror as if drawn to find the male was displaying Human black eyes with anger in them. He found Terror was the voice repeating his question including calling him a vampire. 
Vincent spoke firmly "The name I've taken to call myself is Vincent. Don't call me by that name of vampire for respects. The Fishla have others of my kind living in their home world. They refer us by the name of Earther and have refused to call us by this word of vampire. Instead they made it seem like it was an insult to be called a vampire and have always refused to acknowledge that word spoken in front of them-"
He was interrupted "He's correct on that talk Terror."
Vincent frowned hearing the voice sounded behind him of a Fishla speaking English to him which he looked to find a tall male Fishla wearing a Leader's uniform having Human eyes instead of Fishla's bubble blue eyes to his shock. 
He frowned as the Fishla spoke while looking at him "Greetings Earther. I'm referred as Leader Lave the Leader or Commander of the Leaders living on the station here. I lead the Leaders T'La and D'Clan including a Gate Destroyer named Justen who currently leads the Gate Destroyers living hiding somewhere in the station at the moment."
He saw Leader Lave gesture a hand towards the female Human Kang wearing a blue uniform and speaking "This is Commander Yana Renova leader of the Earthari running the station at the moment. Have you met the Ancient One, Leaders T'La and D'Clan referred as Terror?"
He saw Leader Lave gesture a hand towards Terror who kept the glare while getting up in a fast blurring speed move he finding the male standing with arms folded and giving him a sinister glare in response to the introduction. Vincent didn't comment a response towards Terror's rudeness he figured was an ancient Human hunter and slayer of the vampires by his angry attitude indicating it. 
He shifted to eye Leader Lave that spoke while looking at Commander Renova "Anything else I should know of Commander since I'm here?"
He heard a whirl sound in response to find an image scenery of himself in the garden with armor snapping over him to hear "Argh! Blast the Fishla for not thinking straight!"
Vincent ignored the voice and comment he recognized belonged to Terror as the airless scene showed him walking out of the garden with armor snapping back into his back as the vampire hunter gave up loud growling noises. Vincent didn't say a word in response focused onto Leader Lave as the whirling noises quit with the scene quitting to his relief. 
He eyed Leader Lave warily who spoke in response "Terror must I remind you of why Annoyov Barrack was created for?"
Vincent frowned to shift to eye Terror warily who jabbed a finger aimed at his direction while sensing anger from him as the vampire hunter spoke "I'll be watching."
He heard the firmness of Terror's voice tone to find Terror fading from view while hearing a wind sound to find his hood covering his head as if pushed onto there. 
He removed the hood to focus onto Leader Lave warily who spoke "Why is Terror so upset regarding this Earther enough to insult him by speaking this inappropriate name and sounding furious?"
Vincent shifted to eye Commander Renova who jabbed a finger aimed at him and spoke "You're confessing that reason. I'm not doing it."
He groaned softly to focused onto Leader Lave who gave him a Human glare despite his eyes Human like narrowed with a look in them indicating he was to talk.
Vincent spoke "Terror is a hunter of Earthers."
He heard nothing in response to his statement as he added "Back then on Terra, Earthers went insane feeding off multiple Earthari nearly wiping them out. Surviving Earthari created the Hunter species using medical experiments to counterattack the feeding of the Earthers. Anyway a Fishla healer on your home pointed out that feeding off Earthari results in Earthari sick with a medical ailment that causes an Earther to go mad with feeding frenzy. The sick ailment is actually a result of an Earther feeding off an Earthari that causes the Earther to die if they feed off a sick Earthari. It's something you Earthari created to stop the massacred of Earthers feeding too much as a result. Hence I having this bag on hand to carry my nourishment and drink from so I would avoid feeding off anyone."
Vincent clamped his mouth into a thin line despite his fanged teeth sticking out to get from Leader Lave in response "And what else aren't you not admitting hmm? I can hear your voice tone is indicating it."
He spoke firmly as if recalling what Leader Lave wanted him to admit "I was born Earthari with traits of Earther within me in Terra. I can't say how long it's been since I was removed from Terra or how long I was living on Terra. I'm still confused on this. I got turned into a full Earther once I drained my raiser to death. I haven't been feeding off manoids or Earthari since I was transported to your home world. You Fishla seemed to have some favoritism attitude towards me enough to have me here speaking like an ambassador for my kind."
He again clamped his mouth shut into a thin line to get from Leader Lave speaking "Anything else you want him to admit, Terror, since you're behind him with that glare on your face?"
He spun around in a fast move to find Terror standing behind him with arms folded the sinister glare in the male's eyes. 
He groaned softly as Terror's eyes became narrowed and more glaring to find Terror speaking "Your parents do you know who they are?"
Vincent spoke firmly while eyeing Terror in the eyes despite creep out by the sinister look "I'm told was an Earther male and an Earthari female. I was raised by the Earthari female's look alike sister who used some kind of voice talent spoken in an odd language to control me. I admit it I didn't like this control she pulled onto me and have been relaying onto dogs to control like a leader. I would habitually refer dogs I've raised by the name of Champagne till my raiser an Aunt got me to name one as Vincent. That's where the name of Vincent came from."
He found himself blurting to his shock "My name wasn't really Vincent. I took up the name of Vincent to rebel against my controlling Aunt raising me. My name was actually Adair Attala."
Vincent clamped his mouth to look away towards Leader Lave to hear "Adair Attala. I've heard of the Earther hybrid born of an Earther father and Earthari mother. Interesting now quit the scanning of him now since he answered your questions."
He heard the voice sounded of Sora's as he heard a crack sound sounding of tree being broken to frown hearing that as darkness arrived to his eyesight to find himself lying on a stone with the armor snapping onto him covering him abruptly from the glaring sunlight. Vincent shot to his feet in a fast move to find himself back on Fishlala in Sora's castle from the looks of it with Sora floating into view looking angry while glaring in a direction. He found her looking at a Souler standing in view he forced himself to stare at the ground he saw was rocky from the looks of it. 
Vincent heard from Sora sounding angry "Enough! Enough of this interrogation onto the Earther, Souler! Be gone now! Leave him in peace to not dreg up the past now!"
He frowned while eyeing the Souler who walked away disappearing into a hidden state to eye Sora warily to find her singing a soft sound making him sleepy. He heard a roaring noise that sounded familiar to him that reminded him of Terror's voice to him but seemed confused to where it came from as he passed out unconscious. 

Chapter Eighteen
Vincent came to feeling a vibration within his skull making his teeth chatter. He jerked open his eyes to discover himself lying onto a board while chained. He glared at the light shining overhead as figures in white hooded robes arrived into view. He frowned as one held up a large triangle white object that looked big and thick in their hands. Vincent found the object glowing whiteness while aimed at him making him grunt from the pain of a headache as he felt memories came to his mind. He stiffened as memories of a male vampire named Boris came to his mind shocking him. It made him confused to get those memories fully into his mind. He frowned while finding the hooded figure holding the triangle lower it and walked out of sight followed by Sora appearing into view.
He heard her singing "So tell me what you remember now."
Vincent obeyed from memories filling into his mind. 

"Thunder rumbled followed by lightening on the dark black cloudy sky. The moon shined her rays on the dark land through cracks of the clouds. Sounds of roaring were heard then silenced. The fields of grass with trees very tall stood in groups. In the sky was an island of rocky earth and on it was a castle. The towers of it were pointed and the castle was dark colored black as the sky. The sun had not risen since the dark castle appeared. Darkness came and dominated the land of cat like manoids. The ruler was a magician man named Boris. Boris was a man with a twenty year old youngness appearance but seemed older despite his appearance of one color of the sunset's short hair and tree bark like colored eyes that glowed a sunset color whenever he was angry. His clothes were always the same of night sky colored robe with a sunset colored cape and a cloud colored chain necklace holding a sunset colored gemstone pendant. When he first rule the land the cat people didn’t resist but Boris rule like a tyrant that the cat people dubbed Felina rebelled against his rule and his evil warriors that served him. The evil warriors were Felina people by appearance but had eyes twin to Boris showing that Boris’s magic made them like that. Many Felina lost their lives fighting against the rule of Boris over time as they failed to remove Boris. Boris never grew old but his appearance remained the same as ever. Some Felina rumored that Boris was immortal but no one knew if he was actually like that and failed to find out. 

In the dark forest Jed a Felina male was working at chopping logs for firewood and wood to build an addition to the cottage. His Felina wife Nadja was expecting their first child and the doctor known as Waskir was in the cottage helping her birth the baby. Suddenly he heard a wailing sound come from the cottage very loudly through the open windows. Dropping his axe Jed darted on fours and bounded to the cottage. Inside his wife Nadja lay on the bed with her fur appearing to be wet from sweating. Her ears were up listening as the doctor he saw put a clawed finger to his snout and handed Jed his child. He saw the baby was a female with a form similar to the Evil One’s rumored appearance form but her eyes were a difference color while sleeping peacefully. Jed frowned but smiled showing his teeth as he extended a clawed hand to touch his daughter’s hand. She cooed and woke up which he gently carried her to his wife. 
Nadja spoke softly “She is our only hope of defeating the Evil One and his rule.”
Jed spoke finding himself agreeing with Nadja “Yes she shall be called Angela for she’s an Angel who will bring hope to us all.”

Far in the sky in the castle Boris sat in a small rectangular room only having a gold chair as a throne and a small window off his left asleep with head bowed while back touching the throne chair back. Lightening flashed from outside lightening up the room from darkness to day as Boris slept.
He shook his head repeatedly while asleep and woke up with a start screaming “No!”
A servant of his came into the room with eyes that appeared to not be kind by opening the door too many steps away from him in front of him seated in the chair and walked inside the room. 
The servant spoke “My Lord, what is it?”
Boris looked at his servant closely and recognized him as the one he dubbed Talker for always talking to him bravely while the other servants hardly spoke to him and appeared to be afraid of him. 
Boris spoke “Dreamed of a birth of a female child with my head and body appearance but in a feminine form. I suspect that she would grow up to end my life and my rule.” 
Talker spoke “Then My Lord shall we find this child and kill her?” 
Boris replied “Drat. Finding her will be hard for those rebelling Felina will hide her from me.” 
Talker spoke “My Lord we will search the land and seek her.” 
Boris spoke “She has a name I heard in my dream but I’m uncertain of its meaning.” 
Talker asked “What name is it My Lord?”
Boris said “I heard it was Angela but the name seems familiar like I know it from somewhere but can’t place it. Drat my immortality potion causing me to forget things. Oh well perhaps I’ll remember the meaning later once it comes.”
He heard nothing from Talker which he continued “I must think about this situation about this child so leave me to my thoughts now.” 
He saw Talker did a bow then backed out of the room shutting the door with a gentle slam. Boris shut his eyes and bowed his head forcing himself to sleep for the sleeping in the chair gave him the ability to see things outside the castle via dreams in his mind. 

Down below in the forest a caravan was slowly traveling through the darken forest. The caravan were all pulled by two animals dubbed Mooers that gave up mooing sounds while driven by Felina seated on the carts that were entirely large wooden rectangular boxes with wooden spike wheels wheeling them over the ground. Felina males sat on the benches jutting from the boxes while holding reins and whips to drive the Mooers moving. In one of the carts lying on a bed Nadja lay hidden holding Angela while Jed was in front of the cart on the bench with head covered in a hood while next to the driver the doctor Waskir himself. Jed recalled within minutes of meeting his daughter that Waskir insisted on Jed and Nadja coming along with him on his medical caravan and travel with him and his people. He continued to recall that Waskir spoke his words in an insisting tone saying that the Evil One that ruled them would find out about Angela like he always find out about hidden secrets among the Felina and send servants to kill her in no time flat if she stayed living at the cottage with her parents. Jed continued to recall that Waskir told Jed that the excuse to his people outside the cottage was that the baby appeared to have some kind of medical condition that required more doctoring care and that the offspring would have to travel with him while he went around the land giving out his medical help. Jed remembered that he and Nadja went along with the lie to the doctor’s people and got his wife and child safety into a cart with the baby hidden by blankets covering her along with a bag holding some of their most treasured items inside as well. He didn’t comment as the doctor ordered the Mooers through a forest he grimaced with recognition running through him. He recalled it was dubbed Gaul said to be haunted and that Felina who came out appeared to have been spooked into silence of never speaking what they saw in there. He frowned as the doctor got the Mooers into the forest and sensed he didn’t seem afraid of the rumors said about it but seemed impatient for something by the urging he gave to the animals pulling the cart. In the Gaul forest bands of Felina made their camp there. They believed that Evil One’s minions were too afraid of the forest to enter it seeking out people to do his evil work. The rebels have come to the conclusion due to reported stories of Felina escaping Evil One’s servants by running into the forest and finding the servants’ chase had stopped and noticed that they appeared to be afraid and ran away in the opposite direction instead of going into the forest. They figured that Gaul was a weakness for the Evil One and his servants due to Felina finding themselves unharmed from the Evil One’s machinations and servants while finding sanctuary in the forest. They were praying for a miracle to one of the deities their ancient great King Sheik who oath to the Felina before passing away killed by the Evil One that he would have the Felina have help at their greatest hour of need. 
Jed stiffened hearing a howling noise and felt the cart come to a halt to see coming out of the forest were bands of Felina that surrounded the caravan while armed with weapons that acted threatening towards him and his companions. He heard a familiar roaring noise that sounded very loudly which he stiffened for it was the sound of the Felina’s animal God dubbed God which Sheik their King said just prior to dying whenever God roared it meant that help and hope has arrived to a bad situation helping Felina out of it alive. 
He heard the sound stop followed by a loud male voice speaking “Halt who goes into Gaul?”
He stiffened as he heard a loud wailing sound coming from the cart which he recognized the sound coming from his daughter Angela. 
He continued to stiffen as Waskir spoke loudly “A new hope has been born to Felina that must be helped to survive to end the Evil One’s rule.” 
He felt a hand on his shoulder looked to see Nadja behind him holding Angela that removed her hand and joined him at the bench which he saw Waskir gesture towards their daughter. 
He frowned as Waskir spoke “Our great King Sheik kept his word that a miracle will happen which has happened with the birth of a female, form similar to the reported Evil One who must be raised to fight him and end his rule.”
He heard nothing more from Waskir but the familiar male voice speaking “You heard him and his words which I agree on what he said.” 
He heard Waskir speak “Jed, you and Nadja and child must get off and go with them. I have duties as medic to bother staying here. I and my people must not know the location of where Angela will be raised while living here but we will spread the word of our great King Sheik keeping his word of a miracle that happened.” 
He didn’t comment heard Nadja speak “I must get our bag so hold Angela please.” 
He didn’t protest as Nadja handed him Angela which he held and forced himself to get off the cart using the ladder to find himself surrounded by Felina who appeared to be scrutinizing his daughter he held in his arms that had her face and arms shown despite wrapped in a blanket. He stood and waited as Nadja came into view carrying a large sack by rope handles and went to join him which he stood watching as Waskir got his cart and two others following to turn around and went out of the forest out of sight as he stood surrounded by Felina still eyeing him with scrutinizing looks by their narrowed golden eyes.

Back at the castle Boris heard the roaring and grimaced from the noise waking him up for it hurt his ears and caused him to feel a feeling that bothered him. 
He spoke out loud “What is causing this ear paining roaring?”
Pausing he spoke in a loud tone nearly shouting “Find Oran and bring him to me now!”
At his order servants standing outside the room left their positions. Boris muttered curses and stood up pacing back and forth in the room to hear a door opening sound. 
He looked with distaste to find only Talker there who spoke “There’s a rumor going around heard that this Angela will end your life and rule once she has grown up enough raised under influences by the rebels.” 
Boris bellowed “Not if I kill her first!”
Thunder boomed outside as in answer to Boris’s words.

In the Gaul forest Jed with Nadja and Angela followed the Felina group to their camp as thunder above boomed with lightening flashing. 
He heard one of the Felina yell “Move it the Evil One is mad again and he’ll bring the water storm again!”
Jed didn’t protest as the Felina quicken their pace which he exchanged Angela for the sack from Nadja and then discovered the Felina’s camp was a big humongous tree that had a hole in its trunk near the ground which they had to step up to get inside and discovered a ladder leading to down into the ground. Jed frowned as he saw that the ladder ended in a passageway with additional Felina gathered around the entrance that allowed him, his wife and Angela access through. He discovered only three of the Felina followed them inside the tree cave while the others remained outside. He followed one of the Felina who gestured for him and escorts to come along by hand gesture walking down an apparent hill in the passageway to come to an end sensing various lights leading to a large cavern below steps where he saw the Felina’s camp was next to a slow moving river that was appearing to be traveling through the rock walls on the ground. He saw various cloth tents gathered in the large cavern in a spot along with various firelights of campfires and torches hung on walls. Jed noticed armed Felina pacing around the camp as various Felina did their work. 
He spoke to one of the Felina escorting him as they paused from walking down the steps “What’s with the guards? The Evil One’s servants from rumors said about them haven’t bothered to enter Gaul due to been seen with fear sensed from them.” 
He heard in response “The guards are there for we got a problem. We sensed that Gaul is hiding people that aren’t Felina due to seeing things around the forest and in here that indicate their presence but there have been no sighting of them but they’ve been raiding us for our supplies unnoticed and unseen.” 
Jed didn’t comment in response as he followed the Felina with Nadja carrying Angela to a tent which the Felina pointed a finger at him and then at the tent before walking off. He went inside finding it was large enough for standing room and contained two cot beds which he set down the sack and frowned as Nadja sat down on one of the beds looking upset. 
He stared at her as she spoke “I do hope that those unseen people don’t kidnap Angela so find out what they been actually doing as quickly as you can. Jed, Angela is our only hope.” 
He wordlessly walked out of the tent and went to an armed Felina standing nearby and spoke “These unseen people what have they been raiding for anyway? I have a daughter who’s just recently born and I do not wish these people to take her away.” 
He heard in response from the guard “I don’t know but their various when it comes to raiding us for items and that includes kidnapping people as well. They haven’t seemed interested in taking our offspring yet but only focused on adults who reportedly have come back reeking of some odd scent on them. It varies on when the kidnapped Felina return and it varies on whether their male or female. Also those unseen people have always just before a raid given off an odd noise along with an ability to extinguish our sight lights blinding us in the dark before their mysteriously turned back on.” 
Jed frowned as he sensed Nadja behind him listening to the talk while holding Angela by the smell of her scent as he heard a howling sound and heard a Felina yell “Raiders arriving!”
He turned around and clutched Nadja tightly in his arms sandwiching Angela between them as the fire lights all around them went out plunging them in the darkness making the Felina blind. He heard noises that sounded like Felina grunting in pain to him followed by feeling something hit him on the back of his head hard and felt himself slipping towards the ground going unconscious while hearing Nadja yell with pain in her voice something he didn’t catch before darkness of nothingness overtook him.

Jed came to finding himself lying on a cot feeling a bandage wrapped around his furry head which he jerked open his eyes to see Nadja sitting on the bed next to him looking like she was crying. 
He noticed that Angela was out of sight spoke weakly “Nadja where’s Angela?”
He heard a gasp from Nadja who looked at him and spoke “Angela was taken, yanked out of my arms by some kind of force that felt like the wind to me. I heard an odd howl after that which Felina said they never heard the unseen visitors make that sound before and it seemed to them that it was a call of victory by the voice tone. They think the unseen got what they were seeking hence the noise heard.” 
Jed groaned and spoke “By the Summerland, only God knows what the unseen will do to her.” 
He stared at Nadja who put a furred clawed hand on his hand on top of his chest which he gripped. 
He heard from Nadja “Hopefully we’ll get her back as soon as possible I’m hoping.” 
Jed spoke “That’s a problem with that. You heard the guard it varies on when kidnapped people are returned along with that the unseen indicated that they found something they were seeking by the noise they made after getting Angela in their grips. I fear we won’t get her back till she’s grown enough to seek us out.”
He heard a familiar roaring noise frowned hearing it and sighed to shut his eyes figuring out that sleep would help him only to hear howling noises of Felina calling to battle. He got up from the bed with Nadja running with him and darted towards the noises to see Felina gathered in a circle around a tent that was collapsed and covering movement of a figure struggling to get out from underneath there. He heard comments among the Felina that the figure didn’t smell like Felina to them and seemed similar to the odd scent found on kidnapped Felina which he continued to watch as Felina grabbed the tent and thrust it aside. He stiffened as the figure was revealed who bent down in some position covering the head with hands and arms with hands similar to Angela while wearing some odd clothing. 
He heard a voice sounding odd speaking in a voice tone reminding him of males “Don’t harm me I’m harmless and I surrender to you now.” 
He heard one of the Felina yell “Stand up stranger and let us take a good look at you now.” 
He eyed the figure that stood up showing an odd face that reminded him of fish from the dry river beds that died off. He found the figure was in a male form while having hands that were appearing to be webby. He frowned eyeing the figure a male he figured as Felina around hissed various emotional reactions. 
He eyed the male who spoke “Your not the only ones suffering from the rule of the one you dub Evil One.” 
He again heard hissing sound from the Felina in response which he walked forwards towards him breaking the circle ranks and stood near him as he again added “I’m friend of you and not foe.”
Jed spoke “Who are you?”
He heard from him “Let’s just say I’m just a messenger of those who wish to be your allies.” 
He again heard the hissing spoke loudly “Quiet now!”
He heard silence from the Felina in response to his shout order-'

Vincent got interrupted "I already know the story of the Fishla's first contact with the Felina as their referred as."
He got Sora giving off a loud vibration that made his teeth chatter in response which he glared at her she singing in response "Quit that now! This is my home you're living in! I gave you permission to live here! Don't make me kick you out!"
Vincent glared at Sora with anger running through him only to hear from her singing in response "Confess your crime to the Forgiver now."
He gave up an Hmph sound shut his eyes in response only to open them as a memory popped into his mind. 

Chapter Nineteen
He groaned and spoke the memory fully in his mind.

"Female dubbed Angela leaves the residence she lives with two companions a male and a female who are always night owls. 
She leaves during the day despite her companions telling her "You're not to explore the city without us escorting you." 
She travels around the city of Bridgetown looking at the buildings amazing her. Then at night time finds herself unable to go home due to no taxis in sight or any buses traveling for her to use to get to the apartment. Angela feels annoyed walks home only to meet a male coming out of a limo that orders her into his car with a glare on his face. She has no choice but to agree to get into the limo to sit with the male. Angela finding he's thinking she's a prostitute by the subject of sex he brings up. 
She feels annoyance take hold with his talk of sexual favors speaks "I insists on getting out of the vehicle now!"
Only to find the male holding up a handgun and telling her "You're to strip your clothes or else be shot." 
Angela feels annoyance hitting her as the male keeps pointing the gun aimed at her and gives her a glare despite she glaring at him. She finds something lands on top of the limo's roof by a bang sound along with ripping noises of the roof being peeled off. Angela sees the male look nervous darts out of the car in a fast move only to spot her female companion grabbing the male and appear to flash fanged teeth and sucking him via the neck area. She feels shocked to see her female companion is a vampire as her male companion gets her out of the limo by grabbing her using mental powers to yank her out followed by holding her in the air while giving her a golden eyed glare while flashing fanged teeth aimed at her. She gulps seeing her male companion is a vampire using mental powers while floating in the air. 
Angela speaks "I'm sorry!" 
She sees the male give her a sneering glare making her gulp some more before she speaks her apology in a firm voice tone. She frowns as the male lowers her to the ground she lands onto it onto her feet. She gets her arm grabbed by her female companion who has finished sucking the limo's male. She doesn't comment a response as the female and the male companion gets a hold of her arm and flies in the air pulling her till they reach the balcony of their apartment building and gets inside with the sliding door having black out paint on it. Angela kneels feeling herself humiliated to be life saved by her two vampire companions eyes them warily. She finds out what punishment they have in mind for her which was having her go to her bedroom and tied up in bed while lying onto there with handcuffs. She finds herself chained to the bed for an uncertain amount of time involving the evening and daylight hours. The male comes back during the evening on the second night and frees her of the handcuffs and orders her to go attend to her hygiene. She obeys to get dressed into sweats finding the clothes on the sink counter despite finding her dress removed from there. She walks out of the bathroom to get her female companion jabbing a finger aimed at her room and ordering her to stay in there for awhile. She obeys to stay in there only given food at night time and sleeping during the day. Angela finds her containment ends by the male thrusting her clothes.
He ordering "You're freed of containment including able to go out for a walk while we're in hiding." 
She obeys to do that to sense her vampire companions are following but doesn't see them in sight till she smells something like blood making her annoyed. She finds her vampire companions aren't following her anymore as she senses them elsewhere. Angela walks to a bus's bench to sit waiting for her companions to arrive only to see a bus come by despite not seeing one in the street. She finds the driver is a cop with cops who come out and pull her into the bus in a fast move while handcuffing her to a seat she seeing the cops look angry to see her. She feels upset with the cops and their anger to find the bus going to the police precinct which inside she gets ordered out and then brought to a room to meet a sneering male.
Male tells her "You're companions your seen with are vampires who should be killed off period." 
Angela tells off cop "My companions saved my life multiple times and have always treated me in a nice way-" 
She gets interrupted by the cop speaks "She's brain washed by the vampires who seem to have some kind psychic ability to make their victims believe into them as nice people when their evil and should be extinct." 
Angela sticks to her story of the vampire companions never harming her and only keeping her alive only to find the cop turning each of her stories into something bad about the vampires. She kept finding the cop turning her kept alive story as her used for them to feed off of as a food source. Lady quits talking instead sits back with arms folded and refuses to talk more towards the cop who gives off a chuckle.
He says "I can prove that vampires are evil and should be extinct and wants you to see the evidence we have on hand." 
She keeps her mouth in a thin line while glaring at the cop who shows her a laptop scene her senses blaring warning she seeing it's an attack of humans attacking a vampire who's trying to defend himself defensively from the looks of it while avoiding killing the humans. 
She finds the cop speaking "The scene's contents you're seeing is a vampire attack onto a group of humans." 
She figures to herself "The cop is a vampire hater and will do what it takes to trash the vampires to anyone who believes into them." 
Angela gets her name of Angela by the cop calling her that she realizing its her actual name despite her vampire companions still using that name to her from time to time including using the name of Lady whenever they address her. Angela keeps the glare aimed at the cop who shows her another scene on the laptop she knows is a bunch of Humans attacking a vampire despite the male narrating the scene into a vampire attack. Angela keeps the glare aimed at the cop who keeps showing her multiple attacks of Human attacking vampires.
She speaks loudly towards the cop "What makes you think it was vampire attacks when the scenes appears to be humans attacking vampires?" 
She gives the cop a glare who speaks "She's brain washed by the vampires again and that the vampires should be extinct." 
Angela doesn't say a word instead leans back in the chair only to get the door to the room opening and female cop coming into the room ordering Angela out despite the male cop's protests. 
She finds the female pulls rank onto the male while giving him a glare and speaking "The vampires sent a pair of Ambassadors as called to the precinct who surrendered to them easily without any attacks and is in currently in containment at the moment who has communicated towards the us that they'll do anything to free Angela from the humans' hands." 
She frowns finding the male looks annoyed as the female adds "The Ambassadors' excuse for anything for Angela's freedom is that Angela is the direct descendant of the first vampire the oldest and purebred vampire of them their leader via mating with a human female that produced an offspring despite that now impossible between species at the present day." 
Angela frowns hearing that as the male cop gives up a sound of disgust and orders her out which she obeys to get outside the precinct to find her male and female vampire companion outside that takes her via the arms and walks away, away from the precinct and out of sight of the building before flying her to their apartment. Once inside she finds them both questioning her on the cops and their attitude towards their species including what evidence they showed her of the cops' points of views. 
Angela finds them calling her Angela the female sounding firm "You wasn't brain washed to believe into us. Our leader insisted you find out yourself on who you wants to believe the Humans or the vampires period." 
Angela gets told "You're not to travel around during the daylight hours."
She given the excuse of having some daylight sensitivity developed that would cause her skin rashes she finding their words true while standing on the porch in the sunlight to feel the rashes' burns to get out of the sunlight. Angela looks in the mirror to discover her form fading in and out to figure that she's turning into a vampire from the looks of it. 
She gets the vampires one night telling her "Your form change is related to being a Sonya a female paired to a Bloody as the vampire males aka purebreds call themselves despite some other form of vampires species hitting males and females." 
She finds that her companions call themselves "We're referred as Guardians despite being vampires. We have evolved enough to developed mental abilities. The female Guardians developing abilities to suck Humans only while the male Guardians have mental abilities to manipulate objects including sucking Humans of their blood." 
She discovers that the flying ability as told to her It only involves both a male and female jointly holding a third vampire mostly a Sonya female to give us the ability to fly in the air which only involves flying towards our home residence and no where else period." 

Vincent quit his talking to pause hearing silence from Sora to snarl angrily "That's where this Angela name came from! No wonder the name was familiar to me! Argh!"
He got Sora's familiar vibrations in response to give her a glare while flashing his fanged teeth of a vampire aimed at her he recalling to himself "I'm a vampire myself. Hence Boris is one like I am. He wound up using blood ritual to change Felina into vampires like I am by the eyes' changing color.'
Vincent got Sora's vibration quit as he gave her a glare and resumed lying onto the metallic bed with his eyes shut he recalled the reason why Boris did his dreaming via seated in a throne chair with eyes shut.
"It involved seeing what's going on within the Felina living on this dead planet that is now nothing but desert sands" he thought to himself as he added "Boris can only see via the eyesight of the Felina and no where else. I can't see anything else than what their seeing via their eyes."
He again felt his stomach rumble in hunger in response to his thought to open his eyes once feeling Sora's familiar vibration to give her a glare in response to find another being like her appearing from a hidden state holding a cup and ordering him to drink. He found his arm freed from the metal restraints took the cup from her hand appearing to be twin as his and sipped the contents he recognized it as blood. 
He recalled to himself as he sipped the drink "The Fishla wound up telling me what I am an Earther a vampire instead of an Earthari as they refer the Human species now. No wonder Boris kept getting urges to bite the necks of the Felina he had serving him. He's a an Earther possibly living on something odd. I know that he always restrained himself but when the Fishla arrived to his home is when he started becoming mad as a lunatic. I did what he did, wound up biting the necks of the Fishla and sucking as a result. They recognized me and Boris as an Earther they referred us vampires as. The Fishla wound up using Boris's poisoned status from the water stream to demand him to accept them into his home as payment for saving his life they claimed they did to him. Boris kept getting reminders of that life saving each time he threatened to kick them out-"
He cut his thinking when he felt a vibration from Sora. He wound up to sipped the drink entirely then once the liquid was consumed thrust the cup towards Sora's twin who took it and faded from view as if going into a hidden status. He felt sleepiness shut his eyes to pass out unconscious while lying onto the metallic bed.

Vincent woke up feeling a familiar vibration from Sora to glare at her with annoyance running through him as she sang "Anything else you remember of this Boris you refer him hmm?"
He shifted to stare at the inky darkness surrounding him to recall fully into his mind he speaking "Boris came from Fishlala didn't he?"
He heard nothing in answer to his question added "He was an Earther sent to Felina's home world to help them out, out of facing extinction. He didn't help at all. Instead made the situation worse which you Fishla had to interfere and tried to help. The Felina wound up going extinct on that planetary world despite you Fishla transporting some of them off there to another planetary world which I'm not sure what's going on with them at the moment. Besides the birth of this Angela via Felina was you Fishla trying to create another Earthari after contact with an Earthari one thousand Earthari years ago through first contact with the Tennans species seeking sanctuary worlds to stay and create more of their own kind. The Tennans had an Earthari in their hands they found valuable and caused the destruction of a planetary world in their efforts to find this Earthari and get back into their hands. Hence you Fishla trying to find the Earthari's home world and confront for this destruction at the moment."
He formed a glare on his face while glaring at Sora who sang in response "Anything else you remember regarding this Boris, Ancient One?"
Vincent frowned hearing her words shifted to stare at the inky darkness again to recall fully with shock running through him.
He spoke "I'm Boris himself! Hence I having his memories!"
He found Sora giving off her familiar vibrations in response to eye her warily to hear her singing "Something you want to admit Ancient One?"
Vincent frowned staring at Sora to recall fully into his mind of Boris looking at himself via a mirror and stiffened seeing the male's reflection looking back onto him via his mind. He recalled stiffening that Boris's reflection reminded him of his vampire Father Adam as referred instead of the name of Boris. He continued to stiffen further recalling that he hadn't seen his Father since he came to existence mysteriously via born of a Human female named Jerrilyn who died giving birth to him. He recalled being raised by Jerrilyn's look alike sister Jerusha as she was referred as his Aunt Attala living contained in a house in a forest dubbed Attala by the natives of the planetary world of Aire. He learned the Attala was in the nation Vladimir after a ruler of that name who was reportedly the first Human converted vampire. 
Vincent frowned to speak the memories fully followed by hearing Sora singing "Anything else?"
He gave her a glare in response to feel a hand touching his shoulder to look off his left to find Boris from his memory staring at him with pleading look in his eyes and speaking "My son."
Vincent felt a vibration rattling in his skull to find himself blinking his eyes shaking his head and found himself still contained to the metal bed while underneath a spotlight.
He heard from Sora "Don't fall asleep Ancient One!"
Vincent glared at Sora in response to speak "Boris is my Father. My Mother was called Jerrilyn who passed away after birthing me. Her look alike sister Jerusha as referred as Aunt Attala raised me contained into a house in a forest land on a planetary world referred by the name of Aire, in a nation referred as Vladimir named after an Earthari who became the first Earthari converted into an Earther."
He clamped his mouth shut in response to get the chains clinging to him dropping off which he got up from the metal bed in response to glare at Sora who sang a soft tone he feeling himself lulled to sleepiness fell onto the floor and shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Epilogue
Vincent woke up feeling the familiar vibration through his head he figured was Sora waking him up again. He found himself lying on the rocky ground with the armor snapping on and off over him as the sunlight shined on and off through the window. He gave up a loud Hmph sound got up from the rocky ground and gave Sora a glare in response to the vibration. 
He found Sora quit the vibration to sing "Tell me a story Ancient One."
Vincent groaned in response "I don't have anything to tell you. I'm not even sure of what to say to you."
He clamped his mouth shut in response while kneeling ignoring his armor covering him on and off from the sunlight winking from the window as he eyed Sora.
Sora sang in response he heard "Ancient One, admit it that you're Adair Vincent Attala the one whose story you told."
Vincent spoke in response finding the room flooded with multiple beings twin to Sora making it glow "Yes I admit it. I'm Adair Vincent Attala."
He clamped his mouth shut to hear singing sounds from Sora and her fellow beings to hear them singing "You have our respects, Ancient One, the one who's known by many names, such as Boris and Adair Vincent Attala."
He stiffened hearing as he heard "You have many names Ancient One which one is Long Lived One that the Forgivers refer when talking about you. Your name as earned with the title of Ancient One will be Speaker. You'll be known as Ancient One Speaker. Be honored with that name you are given."
He bowed his head in response in a gesture towards Sora he feeling himself relieved to finally have a name and title of leadership he recalling to himself "Sora and her people giving Leaders names is a tradition they have used for a lengthy time period since they came to exist among the Fishla. Hence this naming ceremony for Leaders such as myself to admit their past and secrets to Sora on what she asks them to admit. If they pass the test with the Forgivers or Soulers as their referred then their Leadership is earned including an official name."
He kept his thought to himself as he raised his head finding the glowing in the room gone to find only Sora floating above that held up his mask close for him to reach. He took the mask without a word and placed it onto his head once the armor reverted back into his back. 
He didn't say a word in response as Sora spoke "Go do your purpose for your people the Earthers who need a leader to lead them."
Vincent didn't comment a response to Sora's familiar words instead got up and gave a bow towards her in response. He got her disappearing from his eyesight leaving the sunlight dimly illuminating the room and doorway seen beyond her.
Vincent spoke ignoring that he could be eavesdropped "My purpose is clear. It's to lead my people the Earthers in the way of not following the mistakes of what my people did on my home world Aire as it's referred. The mistakes they had was not caring about the other races and their problems. Another mistake was the Earthers fighting for leadership among each other in a battle that seemed lengthy instead of just accepting a pass down position for an Earther to do towards their own offsprings. A third mistake was they didn't learn to forgive for the wrongs committed against them or each other. As for the Earthers treating me wrongly I've learned to forgive and accept that I must fight for the Earthers to avoid their mistakes of the past on Aire. I must accept that preserving the Earthers and other species on Fishlala including the planetary world's functions takes first priority than myself or leadership among the Earther species. I aim to use what I learned from the past within me to help the future."
He clamped his mouth shut once he heard singing from a hidden Sora "You have learned the lesson well. You may go now and do what's taught."
Vincent obeyed to walk out of the room only to pause when he felt a hand on his shoulder.
He looked off his right to find a male vampire he recognized as his Father who spoke "That is the lesson I was hoping to teach you I learned from Jerrilyn after she started carrying you. She refused to be angry from the fact that she'll die from birthing you. Instead taught me the lesson you were taught to learn that there's always forgiveness for anything."
He looked away as if compelled to blink his eyes finding the lamp light shining in the hallway and his father's hand off his shoulder he gave up a sigh sound. Vincent didn't comment a response towards his father's words instead gave up another sigh sound.
He spoke out loud as he walked towards the light "I know what to do now."
Vincent didn't notice his father standing in the shadows smiling while holding up a hand in a gesture of pleading. He didn't notice as Jerrilyn his mother appeared in a ghostly form going towards his father in a ghostly shining form to hug the male. He continued on walking in the castle not noticing his parents embracing each other finally joined in a reunion joined in the light.

The End
