Visitards

ipam



Smashwords Edition Copyright 2018 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.









Present day and time


Washington DC within the USA
Cold temperatures with parted gray clouds of sunshine
Capitol Building platform location
Inauguration speech setting of the President of America


She stood short with a head of grayish hair and a tone of dark tinted skin on top of the high platform in front of the Capitol Building and viewed the captured audience that had come to witness her acceptance speech as the first president of the America. She wore a gray fur coat that matched the set of graying hair roots and wore a pair of black thick fur gloves to protect both hands from the exposed winter weather.
The skyline was a semi-mixture of dull gray colored and bright white clouds. The yellow sunshine beams peeked through some of the gathered clouds while shining down on selected area of dry and dead grass and an array of certain man-made buildings. The wind was flat. The air temperature was less than thirty degrees. The weather forecast called for a light shower of white tinted snowflakes during the daylight hours as the bright sunshine would melt the wet snowflake remnants down into a set of wet drops over the top of the warm ground. It would be the first snowfall of the new season for both the old nation and the new president of America.


City of Miami within the US State of Florida
Warm temperatures with parted clouds of sunshine
Miami Prep Academic Institution
Music room location
Seventh grade classroom setting of Seebondie


Seebondie perched on the edge of the metal folding chair and held the flute instrument in the air with a smile to the classroom of students, wearing a head of blonde cropped hair, a tone of pale tinted skin, a pair of blue colored eyeballs, a pair of dangling fake tinted emerald earrings, a short emerald colored skirt, a pair of black tinted sandals, and a sleeveless white colored blouse. She was one of the three musical instructors at the private school, teaching music art to pay the rental apartment and the new automobile. 
Inside the classroom of white painted plaster walls and a wooden floor, a set of metal folding chairs formed a semi-circle in front of the music instructor Seebondie. Each student could see and listen to the musical morning lecture.
Seebondie enjoyed wearing an elegant outfit which reflected the tastes of the selected musician for the daily class. Each hour, the classroom rotated with a set of different students which came from the seventh to the ninth grades that was interested in learning about music and practiced on one particular musical instrument. Seebondie could play an array of musical instruments from a flute to a saxophone, including the violin and the piano. She had received a music degree at the local university and then moved out to metro city of Los Angeles in pursuit of hot rock and roll stardom career which ended up after six years flourishing and then drowned in the Pacific Ocean waters. After returning back home in utter failure, she interviewed and accepted a musical position at the local private school to teach young musicians and encourage a new rock and roll star of the future.
Inside the classroom, Seebondie turned with a smile to see each student. “Good morning, teens! Today, in honor of the first woman president of America, we are going to discuss first and then play the lovely piece which is entitled Allergretto in A Minor. Before I ask the question, I would like to hear one or two sentence statements from each class member about the selected musical artist here inside the classroom. Who is the musical artist for the day?”
One of the teenage girls with a head of black hair and a tone of dark skin held the flute instrument inside the lap, saying with a smile to Seebondie. “You are speaking about Clara Wieck Schumann. She was a gifted pianist.”
A second teen female smiled at the instructor. “Clara was born in the country of Germany to Marianna Wieck, who was a singer and a pianist. Her father was Friedrick Weick, who also was a famous pianist also.”
A third teen female nodded to the instructor. “Her father greatly influenced the musical talents of Clara. At the age of twelve, Clara performed well-known musical works from other composers as well as her own musical compositions in a public forum in front of the citizens and the King of Germany.”
One of the teen males smiled at the instructor. “Clara married Robert Schumann around the age of twenty-one years old without her father’s permission. They were married for fourteen years until Robert’s death. They conceived eight children.”
Seebondie nodded with a smile to each student. “It is important to note that Clara was a famous pianist who had been married to a famous composer and performed her own musical compositions. One of the piano concertos for violin and piano will be studied here in class today.”
One of the female teens frowned at the instructor. “It is important to note that we are missing the acceptance speech of the first female president of America.”
Another one of the females frowned “Yes, I would like to see the new president and hear her acceptance speech.” The other students nodded with a smile at the instructor.
Seebondie smiled, “Alright! We all can see the new president and hear her inauguration speech in a few minutes. There is plenty of time. But first, to complete the class time, you will listen to the musical concerto of Allegretto in G minor. I will play it perfectly on the flute. Then we will turn on the television and see the new president,” she lifted up and placed the head joint of the flute onto the lips, blowing through the hole, playing the musical piece with beauty. The song ended. The students softly clapped for her performance with a smile. She dropped down the flute into the lap with a smile. “Allegretto is one of the three Romances for violin and piano. She composed the musical piece in the year 1853. Allegretto starts out with the soft introduction of the main violin melody and then syncopates upward into an octave leap of high tone. The main melody repeats and then slows the tempo and then soars up into major, beginning with a short trill. Then, a phrase of playful thrills staccato into a chirping sound. Finally, the melody ascents back down from a low register and up into a high ending of softness. Alright! We are finished with the musical lesson for the day. Since I do not possess a television inside the classroom, I grant permission for every student to use their individual mobile telephone to view the inauguration speech of the new president of America which will commence in a few more minutes. Please store your flute instrument! Then, you made access your individual mobile telephone screen,” she reached down and grabbed the musical case from the floor, lifting it into the lap, opening up the lid. Then, she separated the flute into the two parts and stored the metal inside the velveteen interior instrument case with a smile.


City of Los Angeles within the US State of California
Evolve Music Company
President office location
Office desk setting


The adult female was tall and very slender with a tone of pale skin, a pair of green eyeballs, and a skull of partial shaved hair. The bottom half of the skull and around both earlobes was shaved down to the bone skull while the top of the hair was piled on top of the hair roots in a brick shape of black colored curls. She had propped a pair of cheap and torn loafers on top of the office desk of the president of the music company while leaning back into the soft leather sitting chair, crushing on a cup of ice chips without the beverage. She wore a pair of ripped and torn blue jeans which showed more skin than fabric, a ratty and dirty white tinted T-shirt that showed food stains and blood stains and other unidentified stains, since the T-shirt had not been washed in thirteen days. She continued to stare and listen to the president with a smile.
The president frowned at the pair of loafers on top of the office desk. “Do you know that your pair of shoe soles have one, two, three, four holes on the bottom tread?”
“Yeah!”
“Do you know that the cheap vinyl particles are flaking off and landing on top of my shiny office desk?”
“Yeah!”
“Do you know that your shirt is both dirty and ripped?”
“Yeah!”
“Do you know that your body smells like foul air to my nostrils?”
“Yeah!”
“Did you know that your last CD undersold by seventy eight percent of estimated sales?”
“Yeah!”
“Did you know that I am going to terminate your record contract today?”
“Yeah!”
The president frowned. “Why did you come into my office today, Motate? I had sent an expensive and nicely folded professional business letter with a copy of the terminated legal contract to your beach mansion in Los Angeles.”
She smiled. “Yeah! I wanna come here and stink up your office for the last time.”
The president pointed at the open door with a sneer and a shout out loud. “Leave me right now! Leave out from my office with your cheap pair of shoes and your smelly body and your nasty attitude for the last time, Motate!”
Motate dropped down the pair of worn loafers off from the office desk with a smile and slowly stood upright from the expensive tan colored leather chair, leaning over the office desk with a smirk. The president jerked back into the expensive red colored office chair with a gasp. Motate opened the lips and then blow a large puff of invisible hot air that smelled like liquor into the distorted face of her former employer.  She stood upright with a laugh and spun around with a smile, dashing ahead while dropping more vinyl flakes across the tile floor from the pair of worn and cheap loafers.
Motate left the office, rode down the set of elevators, exited the building, and entered into the city street sidewalk. Her private limousine was parked at the city curd illegal while the driver leaned against the door and waited for his employer. Motate moved ahead with a smile. The driver reached over and opened the door with a grin. “How did it go?”
“I am gone,” she ducked down and avoided the low roof of the limousine with a smile, scooting over the polished leather into the middle of the bench seat. Motate didn’t need the money or the fame or the game but she didn’t like disrespect, especially from a pretty posh president, who didn’t care about the group creative artists, only the bank account of monies.
The driver slammed the door shut with a stern face and then dashed around the bumper of the car, opening the driver’s door, sliding into the driver’s seat with a smile, looking into the rear view mirror at his employer, “Where to now, boss? Do you wanna go back home? Do you wanna go and eat somewhere?”
Motate leaned down into the soft leather. “I don’t wanna go home. I don’t wanna go to eat. I wanna go the Devolve Music Company. The president there had offered me a contract a couple of years back. He might still be interested in my music, maybe.”
The driver leaned down and started the engine with a laugh, “Maybe not!”
She stared out the front windshield with a sour frown. “Well, it doesn’t harm me to ask!”
“Well, it doesn’t harm me to drive!” The driver slowly moved into the heavy traffic on the street of Los Angeles and then jolted the vehicle to a stop.
Motate slipped off the polished leather seat and landed down onto the floor with a gasp of shock, “What?” She slowly sat back into the bench seat with a confused brow. “What happened? Is it a car accident?”
The driver reached down and killed the engine on the vehicle with a puzzled brow. “I don’t think so. Every vehicle has stopped in the city street. Every driver and all the passengers are getting out of the car, standing in the roadway for some reason. They are looking down at the mobile telephone and then each one is pointing up into the sky for some reason. I do believe this might be the ‘big one’ coming to LA. Grab your cell and get out of the car, Motate, before the earthquake hits!” He reached over and grabbed the mobile telephone, opening the driver’s door and stood upright from the driver’s seat, scanning the hair roots of each person, then skyline, and finally the tiny screen of the active mobile telephone with a gasp of alarm. 


Washington DC within the USA
Cold temperatures with parted gray clouds of sunshine
Capitol Building platform
Inauguration speech setting of the President of America


She reached up with a smile and a gloved hand, tapping the black tinted stationary microphone on the podium as the sound squeaked in metal pain. Then, she screamed in horror and pointed the gloved hand, staring at the descending object.
The object slowly descended down through the dull gray and white clouds of white tinted snowflakes, displaying an image of a solid red tinted dull metal. Then, the cylinder shaped stem of the bottom slowly dropped down through the snowflakes and exposed a larger portion of a red tinted mushroom shaped section of a descending object, coming down from the heavens. The flat stem stopped a few feet from the gray pavement on the US city street of Pennsylvania Avenue, which was located directly in front of the White House, the office of the President of America. Between the streaming of white snowflakes, the moving white and gray clouds, the peeks of yellow sunshine, the red colored gleamed off a flowing and stationary object in the shape of a mushroom.
She gasped in alarm and jabbed a gloved hand at the object on top of the platform. “There! Look over there! Do you see what I see?”
The rows of audience members plus the lines of camera crews rapidly spun around from the platform with a gasp of fear to see the object that hovered above the gray pavement of the city street. The rows of audience started to depart while shoving individual side to side. the lines of camera crews recorded the stationary red tinted metal object that hung over the roadway and in front of the White House while displaying the image throughout the world.
The president screamed out loud again at the object. “What is that?”
The female possessed average height with a body of average weight and wore a US military uniform of solid black with an array of medals and pins on the side of the jacket which was covered with a long winter coat of black tint from the winter day in January. Her shoulder length brown hair had been pulled back into a tight bun which was underneath a US military cap. The new Secretary of Defense, Vivacy lifted up and yelled into the mobile telephone the swift command. “Secure the president into her limo!”
The Secretary of State, Idée Keech was a short female with a worried brow, wearing a black colored fur coat that covered the clothing with a black fur hat over the skull, and a pair of matching gloves, standing next to the new Secretary of Defense, waving both arms in the air with a set of shout outs to all eardrums. “Secure the president into the Capitol Building, right now! Where is the vice president? What about the vice president, Vivacy?”
Vivacy moved ahead and reached out, grabbing the arm of the new president with a stern face, dragging both of them down the vanilla colored concrete steps of the platform. “Fuck the vice president! Get the president inside her limo!”
Idée frowned. “What about the important members of Congress?”
She continued to drag the president by the arm and also shout with a stern face into the mobile telephone with a set of new commands and as her eyeballs searched the skyline for more floating objects. “Fuck them too! They can go and herd like cows inside the Capitol Building, where they work. The building is open and heated. Secure the president into her limo right now! Secure that object on Pennsylvania Avenue too. Move all people away from that object ten miles in every geographic direction. If the person does want to move, then lift the person into the air and carry the person to a government vehicle. Then, you drive that person away from the White House. Dismiss all the White House staff but security guards. Wake up every secret serviceman and woman on the planet and get their ass to the White House right now. Wake up every single military solider and get them around that object that hovers over Pennsylvania Avenue, right now!”
Idée gasped. “Is that wise?”
“Yes, I am wise here.”
Idée pointed at one of numerous helicopters on top of the dead brown grass beside the crowd of panicked people while hearing the screams of almost each person. “We should fly the president through the air. It would be faster.”
“It would be suicide. That object flew down from the clear air waves. If it can fly, then it can shoot. The president’s safety has been compromised here. Get the president into her limo right now! The helicopters are launching and surrounding the object on Pennsylvania Avenue which is more dangerous.”
Vivacy and the new president did not stop and slid down into the bench seat of the waiting limousine. The secret security guard dropped down into the opposite seat with Idée. A second security guard closed the door and prevented anymore cabinet members or the husband of the president to enter the specially designed vehicle. The limousine slowly at first moved through the running crowd of people as a group of secret security guards separated upright bodies and cleared a vehicle pathway. The limousine rapidly moved through a planned escape route behind the Capitol Building.
Vivacy continued to hold the mobile telephone near a stern face with new orders to all secret security guards and the assigned US military guards at the inauguration day of planned speeches and parades. “Go and block the inauguration parade route. Communicate to all presidential cabinet members to come and stay at the White House. Surround and secure the grounds of the White House for protection. The White House is the command post right now. Get the necessary security and technical crews there to set up and monitor the thing in the sky.”
Idée gasped with alarm. “Is that wise, Vivacy?”
Vivacy continued to hold the mobile telephone near a stern face and listened to the new information from all her resources.  “Yes, I am wise. Madam President, you are the new leader of our great nation. You are in charge of this new and unexpected event. I don’t know what it is. But it has definitely come here to America for a specific purpose. All cabinet members and other scientific teams are meeting us at the White House. The military soldiers are evacuating both the business companies and the residential homes from ten miles out. I don’t want any citizens near that object in the skyline, until we know what it is.”
The president nodded with a stern face. “Yes, it has come here. I agree with all of Vivacy’s commands. I want all of you to continue to set up the command center at the White House. How long is it until I arrive there on the grounds of the White House?”
Vivacy continued to hold the mobile telephone near a stern face and listened to the new information from all the resources of the federal government. The limousine slowed and then turned off the city street, swiftly rolling down into a dark underground road tunnel. “We are here. This is an underground vehicle tunnel that is entered through a hidden spot along the city street and the shrub line which ends at the backyard of the White House, where no one can see a car. No one knows about the secret vehicle tunnel but me.”
Idée laughed. “Now, everyone will know that there is a secret underground vehicle tunnel, when the president arrives inside the white House without flying a helicopter.”
Vivacy frowned. “I can’t help that.” The limousine slowed and then stopped in front of a small concrete made curved archway that was covered in dirt with a closed door. There were not any guards or people in front of the closed door. Vivacy continued to hold the mobile telephone near a stern face and listened to the new information from all the resources of the federal government. “Ladies and gentleman, we have arrived at the White House. Please exit out the limousine. The door will lead up a set of dusty steps and onto the basement. The White House is 55,000 square feet and six stories. We are moving down into the basement first that lives underneath the main residence.” She moved ahead and stopped, reaching out and opened the door, scooting to the side for the other people to enter.
The president gasped with shock at the open archway. “The door is unlocked without a key.”
Vivacy continued to hold the door open with a smile. “It is unlocked and open at all times like an exit door for a fire or another emergency. However, outside on the city street, there are set of disguised vans that appear like the telephone company or the electricity company or the tree service company that are really US federal agents in costume. They patrol and guard the hidden street spot all day and night, Madam President,” she allowed the secret security guard to grab the edge of concrete door. He held it open for Vivacy. She moved inside and followed the back spine of Idée, lifting up the mobile telephone to an eardrum and listened to the flowing commands of her resources with a stern face.
Madam President climbed up each step of cold hard concrete with a stern face, “Understood!”
Vivacy continued to hold the telephone near a stern face. “Move up the steps to the top of the staircase and stop in front of the closed door. Open the door and enter into the first basement. Watch your hips!”
Madam President reached the top of the staircase and stopped in front of a second concrete door, reaching out and touched, grabbing the door knob. The door slowly opened with a small crack as a drift of stale air slammed into her face. She reached up and held both nostrils with a sour tone. “It smells musky.”
Vivacy continued to climb up each step of hard and cold concrete while listening into the speaker of the mobile telephone with a stern face. “Keep going and enter inside the bottom basement of the White House, Madam President! Move straight down the hallway towards the end of the hallway. The hallway will present another concrete made closed door. Open the door. You will see another set of concrete steps. March up the staircase and enter onto the upper basement.”


Second basement setting


Madam President entered into the new hallway with gasp of shock. The hallway was painted in dull gray on each naked cider block appearing isolated while feeling the cold air through her bone coming from the wintertime weather. She slowly moved down the hallway and stared at the side wall with intrigue and a smile in silence. On the side of each wall which was several feet apart, there was a closed gray tinted steel door with a silver tinted door knob. She desired to open and peek into each archway, but the floating object that hovered on top of the city street in Washington DC was the newest emergency on her first day as the female president of America.
Idée grabbed the edge of the door, before it closed and followed behind the back spine of the president, slowly moving down a new cold and gray tinted hallway which only showed a closed door every few feet. “What is this place? What is kept behind each closed door? Tell me, Vivacy!”
Vivacy reached the top of the staircase and grabbed the edge of the door with a smile while listening to the constant communication over her mobile telephone speaker. She entered into the new hallway, following behind the back spine of Idée. “There is no such thing as a boogie man or woman, Idée. The dungeon was located in one of the lower level bunker sections underneath the E Street road sign. The White House dungeon was rumored to hold a few prisoners of war, who had been collected by the foreign country of Great Britain. And the prisoners of war were heavily interrogated by President Woodrow Wilson during World War Two.” Her mind envisioned a tiny rat hole of four cold cement thick walls that formed a square box with a single table. An overhead single naked bulb burned on top of the hair roots of the prisoner of war. In the ceiling corner, there hid a sleek high tech mounted recording camera, spying on the new prisoner or traitor in the dark dank room with a series of upcoming horrible things to this person. She smiled. “Back in the day, it was rumored that numerous prisoners of war were kept down here but that has never been confirmed or denied by any government official. Behind each door, there is an enclosed room of four solid walls. Today, it is a very good bunker room, in case of some kind of emergency.
Idée slowly moved down the hallway and reached out, touching each closed door with a worried brow, feeling the rough concrete and cold mineral through the hand glove. “I always heard that there was a White House dungeon. And so, there really is.”
Vivacy continued to hold the telephone near a stern face and listen to the word exchange of all her resources. “March down the rest of the hallway toward the next closed door. Enter through the door and climb a second set of stairs. Then, maneuver through the first basement floor toward the end of the hallway. At the end of the hallway, there will be a set of wooden steps. Go up the new set of stairs and enter into the new room.
Madam President moved down the hallway to see the closed door, “Understood!” She stopped and reached out, touching and grabbed the silver tinted door knob. The door opened. She climbed the staircase and stopped, reaching out and touched the door knob. The door opened. She entered into a new room with a gasp and marched down a new narrow hallway, staring at each side wall with a smile.
Idée followed behind the back spine of the president and stopped at the end of the hallway, reaching out and grabbed the edge of the concrete door, climbing up the staircase with a worried brow. The door closed behind her.
Vivacy reached the end of the hallway and opened the door, climbing up the staircase while listening to the constant word exchange from all her resources in silence.


First basement setting


Madam President stopped and exhaled with a puff of shallow breathes from the laborious exercise of the emergency, reaching out and grabbed the new door knob. The door opened. She entered the narrow and dark bricked coated corridor with a gasp and as the elbows of her winter coat smashed into the rough building wall material inside a large room which was twenty feet high and eighteen feet wide of a the dark corridor. She stumbled both shoes over numerous tall book stacks that were filled with reading novels, narrowing her eyelids at the common house furniture. The horizontal eating dining tables occupied both sides of the enclosed walls. Each wall held no window. The tables were filled and labeled with old antiques from the White House’s historical past. She smiled with a whisper. “This is the White House junk room.”
She looked to the left and to the right, admiring each item. A nice glass case displayed an array of colored red, green, and black military medals and dull but sharp tipped swords from President Eisenhower during the war era in America. There were three miniature elephant figures given to him during President Harding’s leadership. Numerous Oriental art pieces with a couple of empty bird cages showed the name President Hoover. There were three rolled and plastic wrapped Asia tapestries that had been carefully printed in black ink with the presidential name William Taft. There were numerous nautical model ships, a set of nautical ocean books, and a map of the Atlantic Ocean that hung on the wall on his right. Each item was carefully labeled in black ink with a presidential name Theodore Roosevelt.
Outside the hallway on top of the staircase, Idée reached out and grabbed the edge of the concrete door. The door opened. She entered into a new dark hallway from a side door with a laugh, pointing to the side wall. “O. This is really the white House dungeon room.” The dead end hallway led into an empty room that was decorated with a set of two antique long clothed couches which was nicely upholstered in the colors of gold and black brocade. The twin sofas rested against the opposite walls, facing each other like a sitting room. The set of iron bars identified the room like a jail house. One side of the two walls held a clean-looking toilet, a water piped-exposed porcelain sink, and a set of two hand towels. Each towel hung neatly on a metal ring on each side of the sink. On the same wall, there was a gold and black brocade clothed sofa which faced a twin sofa on the opposite wall. She reached out and touched the stationary iron bar with a smile and a giggle. The jail door of the prison cell was locked. She continued to move down the narrow hallway while reaching out, gently touching each object and gathered dust on the gloved hand with a smile in silence.
Vivacy raced ahead down the hallway and climbed the staircase, stopping at the top step with the secret service woman behind an ass, reaching out and opened the door. Vivacy entered the room and yelled from the back of the line. “Continue toward the end of the junk room, Madam President! Climb the steps and enter through the door into a new room.”


Cosmology room setting


Madam President moved down the second red brick-coated hallway toward the closed door, “Understood!” She stopped and reached out, touching and grabbed the silver tinted door knob. The door opened. She climbed the staircase and stopped, reaching out and touched the door knob. The door opened. She entered into a new room with a gasp and entered the room with a smile. The library was decorated in soft gray wood panel and a set of rosy-tinted walls which complimented the wooden chandelier. The room was twenty-seven feet high by twenty-three feet wide with two sets of matching rose-red and pink curtains. A long side table stood in-between a set of silver plated tall floor lamps. A round table in the middle of room held a mini-bathtub of fresh cut blooming flowers.
Idée followed behind the back spine of the president and stopped at the end of the hallway, reaching out and grabbed the edge of the concrete door, climbing up the staircase with a worried brow. The door closed behind her back spine. She moved ahead a few feet from the closed door with a smile in silence. 
Vivacy followed behind the back spine of Idée and moved up the staircase, through the closed, door and scooted around the two other people with a stern face. “Welcome to the library! Or some call it the cosmetology room which used to hold a set of hair dryers for one of the presidential first ladies which was in the 1970s. Each elected president is allowed to redecorate all or any rooms within the White House during his or her term of office. So, my information is past history only. And I did not have access to any of the second floor White house rooms until a month ago. For a short historical lesson, the two lamps were gifts from Marquis de Lafayette of France which had been given to General Henry Knox. He was the defense secretary of George Washington’s presidential cabinet in the year 1790. Inside the book shelf, there sits an unusual shaped lighthouse clock. The clock was made by Simon Willard, commemorating the visit of Marquis de Lafayette to the USA. In the year 1824, the clock was designed and matched Lafayette’s likeness with a glittering tiny golden medallion at a wooden base. The golden medallion is triggered to open the secret door inside the library. Follow me!” The president moved ahead and followed behind Vivacy while scanning the new room in silence.
Idée followed behind the back spine of the president with a confused brow. “How do you know all of this, Vivacy?”
Vivacy moved ahead as the leader toward the closed door with a stern face. “During the transition team process, I was given a different darker tour. Through this closed door coming out from this library, there is a set of back stairs. The stairwell winds down from the top floor to the bottom. Next to the stairwell, there is the family elevator. The elevator carriage is off limits now,” she reached out and opened the door, moving ahead with the president behind the back spine.
Idée slowly moved ahead and slowly spun around with a smile to see the new room. The charming looking Georgian-style wooden corner cupboard really contained a set of fake photography pictures, delicate plates, and reading novels smoothly slid sideways into the wall. Then, the dark hole hid a very dark passage. She followed the back spine of the president out the doorway and entered the second floor hallway, lifting up and brushed away the dust with a cough from the nose holes. “Where is that white powdery dust coming from? Did the object fire a bomb at the White House?”


Second floor setting
Hallway location


Vivacy continued to move ahead over the hallway and listened to the telephone with a stern face, brushing away the dust particles from the nose holes also. “We have been doing some re-decorating here on the second floor. The object is located on Pennsylvania Avenue. So, we have set a command center on the outside balcony and the surrounding rooms to see and observe the object.”
Madam President gasped. “But the two rooms on that side of the hallway are a pair of sleeping chambers, not suitable for any type of office space.”
Vivacy turned the wall corner and moved ahead down the hallway of slight dust as the two women followed behind the back spine of Vivacy. There were numerous set of people running around with armful of computer equipment while a team of construction workers cleaned up the broken plaster and the vacuumed up all the dust particles from the air and on the floor in silence. She coughed and wiped a face from the dust. “Yes, it was a set of two bedrooms. Now, each bedroom is a work room that contains group of engineer and computer technicians,” she pointed to each wall. “The welcome team has broken through all plaster walls inside both in the West bedroom and the East bedroom sleeping units, providing numerous openings. Inside each opening, there is a desk with a computer technician, who has been assigned to communicate with each foreign nation. It seems that the USA was only blessed with the object. This was an original closet hallway which is now the observation platform to see the object,” she led down a narrow hallway of dust with a cough and through the entrance doors which had been removed from the balcony, stopping and stood in front of the window with a stern face. Inside the enclosed balcony, a group of military personnel stood a few feet apart while photographing and recording the object in silence. “Madam President, all vehicles have been halted from entering the secured parameter around the object and the White House. All US military aircraft is patrolling the skyline for any foreign aircraft or any new alien space ships. The rest of your presidential cabinet members are slowly arriving at the White House. There have been requests from all of the congressmen to come and stay here at the white House to see the space ship.”
Idée moved ahead and stood beside Vivacy, staring with a worried brow at the object. “You shouldn’t call that object a space ship.”
Vivacy looked with a pair of naked eyeballs and a puff of worry at the stationary object. “The object is called a space ship.”
She frowned. “We don’t know that.”
Vivacy spun around from the plastic window and pointed around the room with a stern face. “The front porch balcony had been enclosed with segment of surrounding plastic transparency windows and an array of individual body heaters from the cold air temperatures for constant observation of the object. We robbed the tall stools from the kitchen and dining rooms. Each tall stool is scattered and staggered side to side for a perfect view as each person is continuously recording the object. Each live feed from each recording is being dumped down into a computer monitor,” she spun around with a stern face to see the space ship again.
Madam President followed behind the back spine of Vivacy and moved around the dusty floor with a cough and a gasp of shock. “I am impressed. You work very fast around the White House. Where is the house staff?”
Vivacy said. “All the White House staff members have been sent home, except for all the guards with the guns.”
Madam President stopped and stood in front of window with a smile. “The enclosed atrium is warm and toasty. I might have to strip down into my undies, if the room temperature continues to climb into the eighties,” she stopped and stood in front of the clear plastic window with a worried brow. “Well, I am open to suggestions, ladies and gentlemen. I am stunned beyond belief and to horrified to think at the moment.”
The general of the US military moved ahead and stopped, standing beside the nose profile of the president, staring at the object and held a mobile telephone onto an eardrum while updating all eardrums. “It has been confirmed and verified that this is not another world government entity from our planet. Each national ruler is stunned and sometimes speechless too. It has been determined that it is an unidentified object without flight,” laughing.
Idée stared at the space ship. “That’s not funny!”
Vivacy spun around with a stern face. “Let’s show you the command center!” She led back out the exterior balcony and down the narrow hallway, where almost all but a few bits of floating dust particles had been vacuumed and where floating up the ceiling. The construction crew was being escorted out from the command center through the underground tunnel. The hallway was busy with running and standing people. Vivacy scooted around each person and moved across the hallway with a stern face, entering the open archway and stopped a few feet into the new room. “We have set up the new command post on the second floor of the White House inside the more roomier Yellow Oval Room which is obviously yellow painted and does not provide a perfect view of the object on top of city street pavement.


Yellow Oval Room setting


The large room was decorated in set of lush living room type furniture, such like, long sofas, writing chairs, sitting chairs, and short loveseats with a set of dull yellow painted walls. Every piece of furniture was out of place from the original pose and shoved into the middle of the room, where it was occupied by one or numerous group of people. In front of each wall, there was a gigantic television plasma screen.
Vivacy pointed around the room with a stern face and held the mobile telephone into the eardrum while listening to the continuous word exchange. “On the entrance wall, there is a row of tables which are filled with numerous and active mobile telephone, laptops, and all communication equipment for use by anyone. On the forward wall which is opposite wall from the entrance wall, there stands in front of the lovely row of windows a gigantic plasma screen which is black tinted for now. On one of the side walls, there is a gigantic screen that stands in front of the wall also. This is an image that shows the entire length of the space ship which is located directly in front of the White House. It is stationary and hanging around for something. On the other side wall, which hides the pretty fireplace, there is an array of smaller plasma television. Inside each bedroom which is not a work room, we can contact anyone of the captains at any time for an update of the space ship. The face of the captain will appear on the screen to communicate the information inside this room.”
Idée followed behind the back spine of the president and stopped, standing in front of the wall screen, crossing both arms with a sour frown. “What is it doing out there? Someone needs to visit it. Someone needs to communicate with it. We should keep each face of every captain present and on-line on the plasma instead of wasting time for an elegant announcement.”
The general of the US military nodded at the screen with a smile. “We all can agree on that statement. Inside the East bedroom which is now a game room, there are a set of numerous talented drone drivers from the military. We are driving a drone into numerous corners toward the space ship for deep analyze of the composite and the components. We need the go-ahead from the president.”
“Go,” Madam President stared at the gigantic screen with worry.
The general of the US military lifted up and whispered into the speaker of the mobile telephone, watching the plasma television screen.
On the gigantic television screen, a set of brown tinted metal made drones slowly buzzed over the dead grass and the blue sky of wintertime day in Washington DC. One at a time, each drone was programmed to stop and hover in the air waves. A circle of drones surrounded the mushroom shaped object that continued to hover a few inches above the gray pavement of Pennsylvania Avenue.
Idée stared at the screen with a worried brow. “How long will it take before the space ship blasts one of the drones into a zillion pieces?”
The general smiled. “A few seconds…”
“That’s bad.” Idée frowned.
The general grinned. “A few hours…”
“That’s worse.” Idée exhaled.
The general chuckled. “A few years…”
“That’s silly.” Idée sneered.
On the gigantic television plasma screen on the side wall, each stationary brown tinted metal made drone hovered in the air waves and continued to record information while downloading all data down into the main computer. Below the colored image of blue sky, gray clouds, the alien mushroom shaped ship glowered on the screen. At the bottom of the wall, screen, there eight appearing and disappearing and rotating horizontal lines which display a moving picture from each drone of dull red tinted metal without a glass window or a smiling alien face. Some of the metal contained vertical and horizontal yellow tinted smears like a burn from fire or a collision with another object. 
On the forward wall, the screen blinked into power with a set of long rows which displayed individual geometric angles on the stationary space ship.
The General pointed at the new screen. “On the forward wall, we are looking at the live vocal recording of each hovering drone around the space ship. There are twenty-six drones that harmlessly surround and encompass the shape of the space ship. The space ship is clearly a mushroom shape object of red tinted metal.”
Madam President frowned at the screen. “General, does not each row of visual recordings usually show a set of informational words for my eyeballs to see?”
The General nodded at the screen, “Yes, ma’am! It usually does. However, you can see along with my old eyeballs that the row from each drone shows a set of empty of words, because the computer does not recognize any of the materials, components, or structural architectural design of that alien space ship.”
Idée exhaled with a nod, “I am not surprised.” 
A young military officer appeared and stood inside the archway with a smile. “Madam President, the prime minister kindly asks if she can come over and see the space ship. She is in flight from her native country of England. What do I tell her?”
A second young military female officer appeared and stood beside the first officer with a sour frown. “Madam President, the dictator of Russia wants to come and see the space ship. Or he will drop a bomb over the White House and then destroy you, us, not them. Then, he will fly over and come and meet the ship of aliens alone.”
Madam President spun around with a sour frown to see the two officers, “Geez! World War Three is going commence over a visitor from outer space. Yes! Tell both the smart ass rulers that they can land an airplane, where Air Force One is housed. Then, we will send a limousine for their person only. No other foreign governmental officials are allowed to join us here in the White House. The White House only has 132 rooms and 35 bathrooms,” she spun around with a smile to see the screen. 
The plasma screen on the other side wall in front of the fireplace illuminated with a face. The face smiled. “Hello! I wanna report and confirm what you are seeing me from the live feeds of each drone. The drones cannot penetrate the outside shell of the red tinted mushroom shaped space ship. But, on the bottom of the cylinder shaped stem that faces the White House balcony, there is a set of four steps that lead to a flat platform. The four steps sparkle and shine in yellow metal tint which is hard to see from the original metal coated stem. However, the four steps clearly display some type of entrance way into the ship. Or maybe it represents a welcome sign from the alien ship to us. But, when the set of four steps of metal is traced by the drone’s computer, there is not an entrance doorway. General, this might be the next step in communicating with the space ship.”
The General turned with a nod and a stern face to see the military officer. “Thank you, Captain!”
The Captain smiled. “O. I wanna go ahead and ask if I can stay in the Lincoln bedroom tonight here at the White House, since I gotta work here for the rest of my life until we talk to the aliens.”
Madam President turned with a smile to the smart ass military officer. “You are a lucky bug, tonight, Captain. You and about sixty other people get to stay and share the Lincoln bedroom for the night and the rest of your days here until we talk to our alien visitors.”
He frowned. “That wasn’t what I meant.”
The General laughed. “That’s what you get. Command center, out!” The side screen went black.
Madam President turned with a stern face to see the screen. “Alright! Each drone is recording and communicating back to us that the space ship is made of something unknown with an unknown purpose or agenda. Now, who wants to go and talk to the thing?”
The General smiled at the screen. “We have a team of bold and eager scientists who have volunteered as first contact of the first ever visiting alien space ship. The curved formation of drones is slowly moving away from the alien ship, so the contact team can approach the ship with safety.”
Idée gasped at the screen. “We do not.”
“We do so,” the general smiled at the screen. “Give the go ahead, Madam President!”
“Go!” She stared with a smile at the screen.
The General of the US military lifted up and whispered into the speaker of the mobile telephone, watching the plasma television screen, holding the mobile telephone near the eardrum. “I would suggest that each person sit back down into a chair solo or with a buddy for the upcoming show. This is going to take a while,” he moved backwards and sat down inside a single chair, staring at the screen with a stern face.
Idée moved ahead and scooted around the crooked rows of furniture, finding, sitting down into an empty seat near one of the cabinet members while staring at the screen with a worried brow. “Why is it going to take a long time?”
The General stared at the screen. “Each science team member is wearing an outer space protection suit with a tank of oxygen. The space ship is not emitting an array of harmful radiation bubbles or burning the street pavement of black colored asphalt on top of the roadway which could harm all earthlings. Each space suit is both cumbersome and bulky. The decontamination center is located at the Smithsonian Center.”
Idée gasped. “Is that wise?”
Vivacy back stepped and stood along an empty space on the wall, staring at eh screen. “Yes, I am wise. The Smithsonian Center possesses a set of rooms with below-zero temperature freezers for any type of contaminated virus when a new ancient artifact arrives and then has been discovered and covered with a foreign substance. The Center also houses numerous sterile rooms and a row of decontamination showers for up to twenty individual, where the current science team had dressed and will return back to after the visit with our new friends.
Idée frowned. “They are not our new friends, Secretary of Defense, who is supposed to defend me.”
“They could be our new friend.”
“They are not.”
On the forward screen, a set of brown tinted metal made drones slowly hovered in the air waves and surrounded the mushroom shaped object that continued to hover a few inches above the gray pavement of the city street of Pennsylvania Avenue. Then, a set of black tinted legs that came from a rotating helicopter dropped down from the sky of light snowflakes and then landed on top of the concrete parking lot that had been closed off for decades to the wandering public.
The side door opened. A red colored drop ramp slapped down into the concrete certain a set of red tiny yellow sparks came from the collision of the metal with hard concrete. A set of four individual wore an individual black tinted space suit slowly walked down a sloped ramp and stopped, standing a few feet from the helicopter.
Inside the Yellow Oval room which served as the command pose, Idée stood upright with a worried brow and pointed at the screen. “There! There! Do you see them! They are wearing a set of black space suits which is smart, since the light snow storm of white snowflakes would disguise the white ones,” she sat back down and stared at the screen, biting on the fingernails with worry.
On the side wall, inside the command post, the screen activated, the face of the leader showed a set of two green colored eyeballs, a nose bridge, and a pair of chapped red tinted lips. “General, I hope you can hear and see me. This is a one-way communication link for safety purposes. We are slowly ahead and approaching the space ship. We will stay in constant communication until we reach the four steps and the flat platform that hangs on the bottom of the stem of the ship. Right now, it is lightly snowing down from the clouds and circulating through the air waves. The temperature reads twenty-nine degrees. The skyline is thick colored gray clouds with tiny bits of yellow sun rays. The stationary ship is not moving or shifting over the roadway pavement. The ground cover is hard from the cold weather but it does not shake from an unnatural force. Everything is good, so far.”
Inside the command post, “Who makes up the bold and brave science team?”
The General exhaled with worry. “The names of the four individuals are not important at the moment. Each one has decided to service the cause and accept the consequences. This is the first contact with an alien life form here on our door step. We and they do not know what is going to happen here next. There is the leader, who leads the peace team. There is the language expert, who will try to communicate in a new alien language the word, peace. There is the engineer, who will try to figure out the mysterious composition of the alien space. And there is the priest, who is praying for all of us.”
“The General is wise,” Vivacy laughed at the wall screen of musical notes.
The Secretary of Treasurer frowned at the wall screen of musical notes. “Are any of the drones packed with a bomb to destroy the alien ship?”
“No.” The General exhaled.
On the forward screen, inside the command post, a back spine of four individuals wore a black colored space suit that clearly monitored the slow foot progression toward the ship. Each drone continued to hover in place and encompass the alien space ship.
On the side wall, inside the command post, the screen activated, the face of the leader showed a set of two green colored eyeballs, a nose bridge, and a pair of chapped red tinted lips. “General, we are making good process. We are about five hundred feet from the ship. We can clearly see four rows with a single step. There are a set of four steps that extend out from the bottom material of the ship without touching the pavement like a welcome mat. Each step is the same width. On top of the fourth step, it is the same width with the other three steps and displays a flat surface like a front porch to welcome a visitor.”
Inside the command post on top of the loveseat, “They are the visitors. We are the natives here.” Idée sneered at the screen.
On the forward screen, inside the command post, each back spine of four individuals that wore a black colored space suit stopped in place and stood in front of the first step of the ship. Each drone continued to hover in place and encompass the alien space ship. Each member lifted up a devise to scan the exterior composites and the interior compartments of the alien ship, except the priest. The priest folded both black tinted gloves in a triangle of prayer for planet Earth.
On the side wall, inside the command post, the screen activated, the face of the leader showed a set of two green colored eyeballs, a nose bridge, and a pair of chapped red tinted lips. “General, each devise is recording no information. As a matter of fact, the screen of each devise only shows static of silver and black lines. So we have finished the exterior scans which reveal nothing. Now, we will advance ahead and move up each step. We will stop on top of each step and scan the ship again to see if we can provide any new information.”
Inside the command post on top of the loveseat, “Is that bad?” Idée exhaled with worry.
On the forward screen, inside the command post, each back spine of four individuals that wore a black colored space suit held a device in front of a helmet face mask and slowly stepping and stopped in place on the first step. Each drone continued to hover in place and encompass the alien space ship. Each member continued to scan the exterior composites and the interior compartments of the alien ship with the hand-held device, except the priest. The priest folded both black tinted gloves in a triangle of prayer for planet Earth.
On the side wall, inside the command post, the screen activated, the face of the leader showed a set of two green colored eyeballs, a nose bridge, and a pair of chapped red tinted lips. “General, the step is made of solid red tinted metal which could easily hold an elephant. I am guessing here since I am nervous. The metal step is stable and solid. We are safely standing in place in the light rain of snowflakes. The air temperature has not changed. The weather has not changed. The ship has not sound or movement or noise that came from a pair of naked eyeballs and the microphone from my helmet mask. However, each devise is recording with no information again. The screen of each devise only shows static of silver and black lines again. We have finished the exterior and interior scans which reveal nothing again. So we will advance ahead and move up to the second step. We will stop on top of each step and scan the ship again to see if we can provide any new information.”
Inside the command post on top of the loveseat, “Is that good?” Idée exhaled with worry.
On the forward screen, inside the command post, each back spine of four individuals that wore a black colored space suit held a device in front of a helmet face mask and slowly stepping and stopped in place on the second step. Each drone continued to hover in place and encompass the alien space ship. Each member continued to scan the exterior composites and the interior compartments of the alien ship with the hand-held device, except the priest. The priest folded both black tinted gloves in a triangle of prayer for planet Earth.
On the side wall, inside the command post, the screen activated, the face of the leader showed a set of two green colored eyeballs, a nose bridge, and a pair of chapped red tinted lips. “General, the second step is made of solid red tinted metal which could easily hold an elephant again. The metal step is stable and solid. We are safely standing in place in the light rain of snowflakes. The air temperature has not changed. The weather has not changed. The ship has not sound or movement or noise that came from a pair of naked eyeballs and the microphone from my helmet mask. However, each devise is recording with no information again. The screen of each devise only shows static of silver and black lines again. We have finished the exterior and interior scans which reveal nothing again. So we will advance ahead and move up to the third step. We will stop on top of each step and scan the ship again to see if we can provide any new information.”
In the command post, inside the archway, an older military officer appeared and stood with a stern face, staring at the row of rear skulls on each person. “Madam President, the prime minister of Canada has graciously asked for verbal permission to visit the White House. He would like to see the alien space ship with his own eyes.”
She lifted up and waved a hand while staring at the screen, “Alright!” She dropped the hand back down into the lap. “You can invite him to come and see the space ship too. And go and find some more cots and blankets for our set of new dignitaries. My guts instincts tell me that he is not the last one.”
“Yes ma’am,” the officer back stepped with a nod and spun around, dashing with the new command.
On the forward screen, inside the command post, each back spine of four individuals that wore a black colored space suit stopped in place and stood on top of the third step in front of the ship. Each drone continued to hover in place and encompass the alien space ship. Each member lifted up a devise to scan the exterior composites and the interior compartments of the alien ship, except the priest. The priest continued to fold both black tinted gloves in a triangle of prayer for planet Earth.
On the side wall, inside the command post, the screen activated, the face of the leader showed a set of two green colored eyeballs, a nose bridge, and a pair of chapped red tinted lips. “General, each step is made of solid red tinted metal which is both stable and solid. We are safe in the light rain of snowflakes. The air temperature has not changed. The weather has not changed. The ship has not changed. We are experiencing the same static on each devise which is not displaying any new information. We are advancing up to the solid metal coated front porch or the last step with hopes of something new to gather here.”
Inside the command post on top of the loveseat, “Is that good?” Idée exhaled with worry.
On the forward screen, inside the command post, each back spine of four individuals that wore a black colored space suit stopped in place and stood on top of the fourth step in front of the ship. Each drone continued to hover in place and encompass the alien space ship. Each member lifted up a devise to scan the exterior composites and the interior compartments of the alien ship, except the priest. The priest continued to fold both black tinted gloves in a triangle of prayer for planet Earth.
On the side wall, inside the command post, the screen activated, the face of the leader showed a set of two green colored eyeballs, a nose bridge, and a pair of chapped red tinted lips. “General, we are on the front porch of the alien space ship. The fourth step is solid made like the others. We cannot see any type of doorway or seam or passageway or secretly hidden window. The forward wall is made of the same solid metal in red tinted color. I can tell you that the black smears are a set of burn scorches probably coming from a single or multiple small collisions of something, maybe a moon rock or acid gas in outer space. All the black smears mar the exterior ship everywhere which makes the yellow metal pure rich black in some places. We are safe in the light rain of snowflakes. The air temperature has not changed. The weather has not changed. The ship has not changed. We are experiencing the same static on each devise. Now, we are clueless.”
Inside the command post, she leaned against the wall with a smile. “No one is home!” Vivacy laughed.
The Secretary of Commerce frowned at the screen. “It is so obvious and apparent to me. The ship is dead. There are not any life forms inside. There are not any big bad alien beings in there. This is some type of runaway ship that has hazardously landed here on Washington DC. Bad omen, Madam President!”
The General shouted out loud with a sour frown at the screen. “Bang on the thing!”
Idée gasped. “No! Do not do that!”
Madam President smiled. “Yes! Do, do that! Tell them that we are here and we are home!”
On the forward screen, inside the command post, each back spine of four individuals that wore a black colored space suit stopped in place and stood on top of the fourth step in front of the ship, reaching out to touch the red tinted metal, except the priest. The priest continued to fold both black tinted gloves in a triangle of prayer for planet Earth.
On the side wall, inside the command post, the screen activated, the face of the leader showed a set of two green colored eyeballs, a nose bridge, and a pair of chapped red tinted lips. “General, we are going to knock on the door, since there is not much else that we can do. The visitors are not acknowledging us here on top of the front porch of the alien space ship, maybe we are too small for the aliens to see us,” he reached over and grabbed, lifting up and tapped a small nail hammer onto the red metal. The head of the hammer is stuck into the metal. Geez! The hammer absorbed directly into the alien metal. I am reaching up and grabbing onto the wooden hand, but I can’t retract the hammer, which is made of lead and mineral products from Earth. I guess that the alien metal likes the taste of our earth minerals. Okay. That experiment proved useful but weird. Okay. We are backing away and leaving the alien ship that has accepted the hammer as a gift. I guess,” he slowly spun around with a stern face and moved down each step. “We are moving down each step at a slow rate. The snowflakes are pretty. The ground is too warm to hold the snow. The air is constant. The ship has not moved. The steps have not moved. We are moving ahead back to the helicopter. Someone come up with another idea here!”
On the forward screen, inside the command post, a face mask of four individuals slowed moved down each step and advanced slowly over the hard ground toward the helicopter. Each drone continued to hover in place and encompass the alien space ship. The priest continued to fold both black tinted gloves in a triangle of prayer for planet Earth.
Inside the command post, the General sat in the sofa, “I don’t understand what this means. The mineral of the hammer has stuck into the alien metal. What is the meaning of this?”
Inside the archway of the open doorway, a pale skinned tall male appeared with a smile and stood between two military guards, saying with a Russian accent. “I have arrived. I am so sorry that I am late. What did I miss?”
Madam President slowly stood upright from the sofa and spun around with a gasp to the familiar foreign dictator of Russia, “How did you get here so fast, Dick? I give my permission less than an hour ago.”
He smiled. “Fighter jet technology is so wasted on silly warfare. I think it should the mode of transportation for all world leaders. Yes?”
She laughed with a nod. “I can see the advantage as the new leader of America.”
“Madam, President,” he advanced inside with a smile and stopped behind the rear of the sofa, extending a hand and a nod. “I am so honored to meet the new president of America. Now, let’s bypass all the silly pleasantries! Why do the aliens want with all of us, earthlings?” He shook and released her hand while staring at the object on the screen.
Vivacy frowned at the back of the dictator. “I don’t think this is the right place or time to discuss this delicate matter.”
The General stood upright with a grin and leaned down over the hair roots of the new president. “I do believe this to be the best time, Madam President,” he stood upright and extended a hand to the dictator with a nod, shaking and released the hand. “Please come around and sat down, sir! What should I call you, sir?”
“Dictator is good name for the moment during my visit to America,” the Russian dictator side stepped and moved ahead with a smile, sitting down in single sitting chair next to the General.
The General pointed with a smile at the screen. “I would like to update you with all the new happenings here, Dictator. The space ship landed about an hour ago. We send in a team of three scientists and a priest to knock on the door of the alien space ship.
The dictator of Russia smiled. “Ah! That was wise. The priest has kept your fellow Americans alive.”
The General smiled. “I guess so. There is a set of four steps that lead directly onto a flat platform in front of the stem of the alien space ship. The team walked up the steps and stood on top of the flat platform which acted like a welcoming mat, without harm. However, there was not an exposed door or a hidden door or an open door to enter. So, the leader of the team slammed a tiny nail hammer into the metal while hoping to draw attention to the small group of scientists. Instead, the tiny hammer stuck directly into the metal. Nothing happened to the team of scientists. So, the science team is leaving the alien ship and returning back here, once they have properly decontaminated with the alien germs, of course. What do you think of that?”
The dictator stared with a gasp at the screen. “I think that I explain.” 
Idée stood upright with a gasp and spun around with a sour frown to see the Dictator of Russia. “You can’t.”
The dictator smiled. “Yes, I can. The Americans are not the intended gang of welcomed visitors into the space ship to see the new alien race.”
Madam President gasped. “Why would you say that?”
The dictator laughed. “You knocked on the door. The aliens did not allow you inside the ship.”
“That is not true,” Idée continued to stood and block some of the television screen while staring at the Russian dictator.
The dictator nodded. “Yes, it is so true. The Americans are not the only species or culture on planet Earth.”
Idée frowned. “The alien space ship landed here first.”
“The alien space ship only has a map of planet Earth.”
She gasped. “How do you know that?”
“I am correct based on all the accumulated current events, so far. The aliens have not communicated with the Americans. The aliens have not opened the front door for the Americans. The aliens have not accepted the hammer as a gift but left it inside the mud as we like to say.”
“You are wrong.”
The dictator smiled. “I am correct.”
Madam President grinned at the nose profile of the Russian dictator. “So, what do you purpose, sir? What is your plan?”
The dictator smiled. “I propose that my team of Russian scientists which will be led by my person will visit the alien space ship like your American team. Then, I will speak to each alien in the Mother language of Russia. Then, the door will slide open. Then, I will see and interview the direct intention of the new race of aliens. I am as eager as a beaver to meet and greet the aliens.”
Idée frowned. “They came here to us first.”
The dictator nodded with a smile. “They landed here, but they have not greeted the Americans first.”
Madam President stood upright from the sofa with a smile. “Yes, I agree wholeheartedly. Call in your team of scientists. Let’s see if they can get the front door opened.”
The dictator stood upright with a smile and a nod. “I will be very swift. My team of scientists is waiting for my order at the American airbase. We flew in together. Please excuse me! I will go outside this room and contact the team. Could transportation be provided?”
Madam President smiled. “That is excellent!”
The General stood upright with a smile and side stepped from the chair, moving ahead toward the open archway. “Yes sir! Please follow me! I will help to gather your team of scientists. We will prep and dress them in a set of new outer space protection suits for the new cause,” he left the Yellow Oval room which was the command post. The dictator followed behind the back spine of the General while whispering on the mobile telephone to his fellow natives. 
Vivacy moved ahead and stopped, standing behind the sofa, leaning over into the nose bridge of the president with a worried brow and a whisper. “I don’t understand, Madam President. How can you approve his Russian plan over us, the great USA?”
Madam President smiled with a whisper back into the nose bridge of Vivacy. “This is an unknown and mysterious alien race, a visitard from outer space.”
She frowned with a whisper, “A visitard? I have never heard that word used in the American language.”
“I made it up from the two combined words of visitor and bastard. The aliens are a gang of visitards and I want both of them bastards off my planet and outta my street corner right now. If the Russian dictator can communicate with the visitards, then when the front door is opened, we will blow a set of nuclear bombs through the open archway. Boom! Bye-bye!”
She gasped. “But, a nuclear bomb would destroy us too. The space ship is parked right out the front porch of the White House, maybe a mile or so.”
Madam President smiled. “I have a college major in engineering. No! If that alien metal is tough enough to deflect an array of flying outer space radiated moon rocks and continue to survive, then a simple homemade Earth nuclear bomb will damage only the interior, not the exterior of weird alien metal. Logically speaking, when the bomb is shoved into the open archway, the ship will close up the front door and vacant the welcome mat while leaving the planet. Then, the ship will explode over the ocean waters.”
She gasped. “If we destroy the ship, then more will come to find its sister or its brother or its lost lambie pie.”
“Then, we will collect some of the alien metal remnants that came from the drowned ship and create an outer space program to track and track any new alien ships. Then we will work with the rest of the world to be right and ready to fight.”
She gasped. “But when we release and shoot the nuclear bomb through the open archway, the blast will kill the entire team of Russians scientists, including the dictator.”
“Yes.”
She laughed. “Yes, I see why you are the new president of America.”
Madam President smiled. “Yes, I am wise.”
Inside the archway, a set of two males appeared and stood in place. The tall male with a tone of pale tinted skin and a pair of blue eyes wore a military jacket and a pair of dress trousers and smiled at the president. “Good afternoon, Madam President! I am the prime minster of Canada. It is wonderful to meet and greet you today on your first day of work.” 
Madam President gasped and then smiled. “You have arrived so fast. Let me guess! The technology of the fighter jet should not be wasted.”
He wiped off the mouth spittle from the chin with a worried brow. “Yes, I confess,” he slapped both naked hands over the oversized military jacket of purple and white. “The jet flight was very hard on my stomach, but my pilot promised to clean off the rear seat before I leave for home, this afternoon.”
She stood in place and extended both arms with a smile. “Come inside, my new friend, Mr. Prime Minster! I do not want you to miss any of upcoming show. I have great news. Well, it is sad news.” Vivacy side stepped and moved backward, standing on the wall in silence.
Mr. Prime Minister of Canada moved ahead and grabbed one of the outstretched arms of the president with a smile, staring at the screen, “Is that the alien space ship? What did they say to you? What do they want? What have they done, so far?”
Madam President spun around and accepted the escort from the prime minister back to the long sofa, sitting down next to him with a smile. “Yes, that mushroom shaped structure in red tint is made of solid metal, it is the alien ship. So far, the group of aliens has not said a single word to us, Americans.”
“Really?” He smiled at the screen.
She stared at the screen, “Really! We send in a team of scientists to knock on that red tinted metal door. We knocked. Then the aliens refuse to answer the door.”
“Really?”
“Really! Now, the dictator of Russia is going to try to knock on the front door to see if he can talk with the aliens.”
“So, the aliens are not talking to you, Americans. But they might talk to the team of Russians.”
She smiled at the screen. “Yes, the dictator of Russia thinks that the aliens will open the door and talk to him.”
“I see very clearly. You didn’t mind if I speak my peace here, Madam President.”
She smiled. “Go ahead!”
“A batch of stupid and ugly aliens would never talk to the dictator of Russia. Thus, I propose that when he fails, which he will, that I may take a turn.”
She smiled. “That is very acceptable. You can have the next turn if the dictator of Russia fails.”
The General returned back into the command post and sat back down into the same chair, turning with a nod to see the president. He and she worked together so well, since he had alerted the nuclear team to launch a nuclear bomb into the open archway after the dictator had successfully knocked and opened the door on the alien ship. Then both the aliens and the Russians would not be a threat to Madam President. He smiled. “We are ready to begin, Madam President. The dictator of Russia actually refuses to be decontaminated and wear a pair of outer space gear. He and his team have loaded into the helicopter and will land in a few more second. Everyone, stay quiet and alarm. The dictator and his Russia scientists will be landing on top of the empty parking lot and then approach the alien space ship. Then, we all will be seeing a historical moment of the world,” laughing.
On the forward screen, a set of brown tinted metal made drones slowly hovered in the air waves and surrounded the mushroom shaped object that continued to hover a few inches above the gray pavement of the city street of Pennsylvania Avenue. Then, a set of black tinted legs that came from a rotating helicopter dropped down from the sky of light snowflakes and then landed on top of the concrete parking lot that had been closed off for decades to the wandering public.
The side door opened. A red colored drop ramp slapped down into the concrete certain a set of red tiny yellow sparks came from the collision of the metal with hard concrete. A set of four individual wore a red winter coat with a red hat slowly walked down a sloped ramp and stopped, standing a few feet from the helicopter.
On the side wall, inside the command post, the screen activated and displayed the rear red cap of the leader and as his voice said into the microphone. “Americans, my team and I have left out from the helicopter and are swiftly approaching the space ship. I will stay in communication until I greet the aliens. The temperature is cold. The sky is bright with tiny snowflakes. The stationary ship is steady over the roadway pavement. The ground cover does not shake. Everything is good, so far.”
Inside the command post on top of the long sofa, Madam President gasped. “Why did you outfit him with a transmitting microphone?”
The General looked with a smile at the screen. “I wanted to hear the ear-piercing screams of laughter, ma’am.”
She laughed. “Good idea!”
Mr. Prime Minister of Canada frowned at the screen, crossing both arms over the jacket. “Do you actually believe that he can talk with a group of intelligent aliens? I should be the first contact here from planet Earth. I am a nice person who is an excellent representative of world peace.”
“Hello! Am I late? Did I miss the introduction of the aliens? I rushed as fast as the jet fighter would drive. The jet pilot was so slow,” a British accent sounded out loud inside the archway of the door.
Madam President continued to sit on top of the long sofa and lifted up, waving a hand and a smile to the newest dignitary. “Come over here and sit beside me, Miss Prime Minister of England. We are about to see a historical event blow up in the air waves and toward the dusty moon. The Russian dictator is meeting and greeting the aliens first.”
Miss Prime Minister of England moved ahead with a puff of annoyance and sat down beside the new president of America while watching the gigantic television screen with a sour frown. “Why is he the lucky duckie here? I have more experience in handling newcomers to the land.”
Mr. Prime Minister of Canada smiled. “He is not successfully yet.”
On the forward screen, inside the command post, each back spine of the four individuals from the Russian team jogged ahead and rapidly climbed up the four steps. Each one stood on top of the fourth step in front of the ship. Each drone continued to hover in place and encompass the alien space ship. Each member lifted up a fist and banged on the metal of the ship.
On the side wall, inside the command post, the screen activated and showed the rear skull of the leader and as the leader said through the microphone. “Americans, we are here on top of the flat platform. Each one of us is pounding with a fist onto the metal ship. Each step is solid and holds our weight. The flat platform does not shake. The forward wall is made of solid metal in red hue. There are numerous black and burnt scorched marks on the outside of the ship. The air temperature has not changed. The weather has not changed. The ship has not changed. We are continuing to pound on the door.”
Inside the command post in the chair, the General shouted out loud with a laugh. “Bang on the metal with something!”
Madam President smiled at the screen. “Please order me a fresh brew of tea, General. I prefer lot number 08181960, if you please,” laughing.
Mr. Prime Minster of Canada frowned at the screen. “Your supply of stored teabags are recorded in lots and then labeled for access.”
Madam President smiled at the screen. “Do you know that only a tobacco plant can be grown inside the US State of Virginia for a carton of cigarettes, Mr. Prime Minister?”
Mr. Prime Minister of Canada nodded at the screen. “Yes, I do know that information.”
She smiled. “Only a tea bag from the US State of Virginia contains the highest concentration of rich black tinted tiny leaves which gives the tea a great bitter punch in the face.”
Mr. Prime Minister of Canada nodded at the screen. “I see.”
The General looked down with a smile and typed in a text message on the mobile telephone to the nuclear team to ready the nuclear bomb when the door opened on the alien space ship. “Your cup of tea is brewing, Madam President.”
She smiled at the screen, “Excellent, General! I feel that the dictator will break through the door and make a big impact on the world,” laughing.
“He can’t figure out how to conduct a diplomatic mission.” Miss Prime Minister from England stood upright from the sofa with a sour frown. “I must go and show him how it is done. That would be the proper course of diplomacy. Excuse me!” she side stepped from the new president and spun around, dashing toward the open archway.
Vivacy side stepped with a gasp and blocked the archway with a worried brow. “Miss Prime Minister, you are going to miss the nifty fireworks in a few seconds.”
“Let her go, Vivacy!” Madam President laughed with a smile while getting rid of another annoying diplomat. “She can see the firework display up close and personal too. I don’t really mind.” Vivacy back stepped with a nod in silence into the archway. Miss Prime Minister of England dashed ahead and grabbed the coat from her assistance with a sour frown in silence, dashing down the steps to exit the White House.
Mr. Prime Minster of Canada stood upright with a sour frown at the screen. “I am going also. I can more help than her or him with my slick ambassador diplomacy. I should be the first to meet and greet the gang of new aliens,” he side stepped and spun around, dashing ahead through the open archway, grabbing the winter coats and items from his row of assistances, disappearing from the command post and strolled down the staircase and eventually exited the White House into the light rain of white snowflakes.
“Bye,” Madam President continued to sit and smile at the screen. “Don’t forget your winter coat!”
On the forward screen, inside the command post, some of the team members from the Russian team stood on top of the fourth step in front of the ship and pounded onto the metal. The rest of the team members moved down the steps and slowly moved around the ship.
On the side wall, inside the command post, the screen activated and showed the red hat of the leader and as the leader said through the microphone. “Americans, we have not been successful in knocking on the front door with the aliens. I have plowed a silver tinted hatchet into the alien metal. Now, it is stuck. My fellow scientists have plunged a variety of objects down into the alien metal. Some of the objects stuck in place. Some of the objects did not. I do not understand any of this. My fellow scientists do not understand either.”
On the bottom of the forward wall screen, Miss Prime Minister of England slowly jogged out from the front door of the front porch of the White House towards the alien ship and waved a hand into the air without hearing her voice, since she didn’t possess a microphone transmit on the face like the first contact team of Russians. She slowly the pace and then cautiously climbed up the slick four metal steps and stopped, hitting a gloved hand on the red metal with a set of screams that only the Russians could here.
In the White House on the second floor of the Yellow Oval Room or the command post, on top of the sofa, Madam President leaned back into the sofa with a sour frown. “This is not going well. Unbelievable! What else can go wrong?”
“Hello!” Inside the open archway of the room, a row of foreign dignities stood next to the leader from the country of Italy. The leader from the country of Italy smiled at the wall screen of the alien ship and all the moving people. “I am from the country of Italy. I want to see the alien space ship. Congratulations, Madam President!”
She whispered. “Yeah, that is what could go wrong!” Madam President slowly stood upright from the sofa and slowly swung around with a fake smile to see two rows of dignities inside the second floor hallway. “You are in time. The aliens have not emerged out from the ship. So you can go right down onto the street with the rest of the dignities, who are playing outside with the alien space ship. When suppertime is called, I’ll come and get all of ya’ll. How does that sound, leader?”
The leader of the Italy government nodded with a smile and back stepped from the archway. “That is excellent! Let’s go outside and see the alien space ship.”
“This is bad.” Idée frowned.
Vivacy frowned. “Why are the aliens here on Earth? Why are they still located inside the space ship?”
The Secretary of the Treasurer laughed. “They have seen the gang of rowdy and vicious earthlings inside the interior windshield screen now, so they have decided to play dead and not come out to play with the unfriendly natives of planet Earth.”
“So true!” Madam President frowned with a whisper for her eardrums only and stared at the activity on the wall screen around the alien ship on top of the city street of Washington DC.
The presidential cabinet members continued to sit in intrigue inside the command center, staring at the alien space ship on the interior television plasma screen. A set of new worldly foreign dignities continued to arrive every thirty minutes, find a chair inside the command post for a quick introduction and then each one dashed outside to play in the snow with the snowflakes and the stationary alien space ship.


5:05 pm
Moonlight with no stars and cold weather
1st floor level
Grand ballroom setting 


Inside the White House, the second floor bedroom units contained a team of devoted and working citizens that came from different foreign countries that worried and worked together with the Americans in regards to a new visitor, a mysterious alien space ship. Each person monitored a computer screen or stared for hours through a pair of binoculars at the stationary red tinted metal mushroom shaped space ship. The ship had not moved or buzzed or burped or farted a sound through the air waves.
Inside the dining room, all the dignities enjoyed rows of cuisine dishes that came from an array of talented amateur dignity chefs who represented different nations. The entire White House had been relieved of nightly duties due to the emergency in front yard, a floating space ship. Most of the American citizens sat on top of a sofa and stayed a pair of eyeballs glued to the television screen for any updates or images or words from the new visitor, a mysterious alien space ship.
Madam President still wore the black colored dress and matching pair of boots from the morning inauguration speech. She didn’t have time to bath or change the clothes. The rest of the working staff continued to work setting up individual sleeping cots and blankets for all the uninvited foreign dignities, who insisted to stay at the White House until the aliens talked with someone.
The inaugural parade and the dance had been cancelled for the evening and maybe the rest of the week. The first of the new season was young in the month of January. There would be other parades and dance balls.
The husband of the president leaned over and gently tapped a kiss on her cheekbone, pulling ack with a smile. “I feel like a walk around our house. Do you want to come with me, dear?”
“Yes, I feel like a walk around our home, too,” she lifted up and placed the napkin on the table, slowly standing upright from the chair, turning with a nod to see the other table guests. “Please excuse us! We will be back a little later.”
“Enjoy your evening, Madam President and first man!” The Russian dictator cut up the meat with a laugh, eating and chewing the food.
Madam President and her husband back stepped from the table and spun around, slowly moving ahead, exiting the dining room.


Hallway setting


He moved ahead and scooted over a dirty crowded floor. The floor had been set up with individual cots and a set of warm colorful blankets for all the different types of guests that had accompanied a foreign dignity. He cuddled her with a smile. “This has been a really weird day.”
She smiled. “Yes.”
“I wonder about tomorrow. It will be here in a little over six hours. It is almost midnight.”
“Yes.”
He slowly moved ahead with a grin and climbed the staircase, strolling up toward the second floor. “I really feel like looking around my new bedroom and pissing in the toilet.”
She laughed. “Yes.”
“Well, after this historical eventful day, I don’t wanna see another foreign dignitary in about another five years.”
“Yes.”
He veered both of them toward the second floor and stomped onto the second floor level with a smile while strolling toward the modified closet hallway which led out onto the enclosed and heated exterior balcony of the White with a grin in silence. She frowned at the familiar second floor, seeing the enclosed balcony and the highlighted alien ship that hovered over the pavement of the city street of Pennsylvania Avenue. “Where are we going?”
“I wanna see the thing at night.”
She exhaled with a puff of annoyance. “I don’t.”
“I bet it looks different at night.”
“I bet it does not.”
“Maybe, they are a set of nocturnal creatures like the opossum that only comes out only after dark. We might see them running around naked in the front of the White House dead grass. That would be really funny for my old eyeballs. But the media reporters would miss the event.”
“Maybe not,” she puffed with frustration without seeing that silly image on the front lawn of the White House.
He slowly moved ahead down the narrow hallway, where the plaster wall had been broken to create work stations. A person manned the work station while communicating with a worried loved one at home or in a foreign country. They were not going to disturb any of the tired workers and continued to stroll through the open archway into the exterior second floor balcony that had been sealed with a sheet of plastic transparency window to see the alien space ship. The enclosed balcony room was cooler from the night freezing air temperature. They stopped and stared in silence at the alien space ship.
A set of numerous flood lights had been moved and positioned on top of the rooftop and then beamed down at the front of the ship. The red metal exterior shell glittered underneath the bright artificial light which made the alien ship look like a red colored gigantic mushroom, where a giant could pick up and munch on at dinnertime. An array of light snowflakes gently tumbled down from the thick packed gray clouds of the dark skyline and then gleamed when it hit the bright light beam, making the landscape feel almost foreign and alien as well.
The clouds did not show the stars closing off the atmosphere on planet Earth with strangeness.
He smiled at the alien space ship. “See? It does look pretty like another girl that I know.”
She looked up with a sour frown to see the alien space ship while feeling disappointment, rejection, and annoyance that the craft had landed in front of her new home. “Thanks!”
He cuddled her. “Cheer up! We have a house full of smart computer geeks, engineer nerds, and annoying diplomats. One of them will figure out the purpose of the ship and contact the aliens for you, for us, and for the world.”
She frowned. “Thanks!”
“I gotta go to the bathroom. Stay right here! I don’t want the other folks to know where we will sleep tonight. I am not sleeping on a wobbling cot like a nature scout of ten years old. I have a pair of solider guards, who are standing guard beside our private quarters. Be back in a few minutes.”
She smiled at the space, “Alright! That was really smart.”
“I know that, since I married a really smart woman,” he leaned over and kissed her cheekbone, spinning around to see the rows of scattered tall stools. All the stools were occupied with a person who continued to watch the alien space ship for any movement. He left the balcony and moved toward his private bedroom.
She whispered. “Thanks!”
Vivacy had left the table and slowly followed behind the presidential couple. She didn’t want to disturb the tender moment of love. She halted at the top of the second floor and watched the husband. He left the balcony setting and his wife alone. Vivacy dashed ahead and turned, entering the narrow hallway while looking at each person with a stern face and entered the balcony room, stopping and stood beside the president, staring at the alien space ship. 
Madam President stared with a stern face at the ship. “Is it my imagination? Or is the ship actually blinking a series of the flight lights off and on?”
Vivacy exhaled. “No. It is set of tiny icicles which are clinging to the metal. The ice reflects off the brightness of flood light which makes the alien space ship look alive. But I agree with the Secretary of the Treasury.”
“Why do you agree with him?
“He believes that the alien ship is dead and without live forms.”
“Why do you believe that?”
“Let me say! Here on Earth, when a mammal dies, it dies in its environment. A very good example is the death of whale. The whale is the largest species on the planet. It lives in the water. The ocean water crushes against the land on each shoreline or beach. When the body of the dead whale dies, it will float around the great ocean for days and years until completed consumed by the numerous other living sea life. However, the dead whale body will sometimes slap into the sandy shoreline. Then the body is beached onto the sands. I believe that the alien space ship has been beached here on top of our planet also. The space ship lives in outer space. The life forms abandoned the ship or have died inside the ship. To keep hope alive, the aliens must have programmed the ship to land here in case of rescue or survival. Alas! I believe that the aliens are not home and will not answer the door.” 
She exhaled, “Hmm! I can understand the logic too. The working theory is very good. That would explain and answer a lot of strange and weird questions. So, we have ourselves a whale of ship. If it is abandoned and if we cannot ever access the guts of ship, what do we do next?”
Vivacy exhaled. “I have been pondering that too. We could leave it there. Set up a tourist attractive and make some money. We could sell it to the highest bidder and make us some money. Or we could try to destroy it and still make us some more money.”
She laughed. “Money seems to be your motivation.”
“My motivation is getting rid of that floating thing, so we can return back to run a country.”
She smiled. “I believe that the country is running fine and dandy right now. I’m housing the entire world here for the night. There hasn’t been any fire or a rape or a protest. And our diplomatic relationship is looking very good.”
Vivacy frowned. “What will happen when we try to destroy the ship or sell to the highest bidder?”
“We will cross that bridge tomorrow,” she yawned. “I am too tired to dwell on that messy thought tonight. Go to bed, Vivacy! You have been a good public servant today. Good night!”
“Yes ma’am!” Vivacy back stepped with a stern face and spun around, dashing ahead, leaving the president and the balcony room.
The husband of the president moved down the same hallway and nodded with a smile in silence to Vivacy, entering the cold balcony room with a clap and a smile. “Should we call it a night of excitement? My old heart can’t take much more, dear.”
She turned and smiled at his nose profile. “Yes, I am very tired, too. Tomorrow is going to be a very busy day.”
“I agree.”
Sh exhaled. “We must provide a proper good night to all the dignities, since this is our home.”
“Yes, we must,” he leaned over and cuddled her, spinning around, moving ahead and exited the balcony, down the hallway, and veered toward the staircase in silence.
They slowly moved down the staircase and performed a set of yawns and soft coughs from the exhaustive day, strolling onto the hallway and scooted around the numerous cots and pieces of equipment.


Dining room setting


The president and her husband entered the dining room archway together and strolled back to the same table, stopping and stood in front of the guests. She smiled down at each face. “Everyone has a cot. I can’t say that everyone has a private room, since there are too many people even for a house of 132 bedrooms. I want to welcome and thank each person for coming here today to see the alien space ship. I mean to see me as the new president of America. This is my first day of work. Or it was my first day of work. We are moving into the next day of my work. Good night! Sleep well!”
“Madam President, before you depart for the evening, I was wondering which country has not shown up for the grand historical event today.” Miss Prime Minister from England wiped all the food stains from both hands with the cloth and a stern face.
She smiled. “I don’t rightly know. Why is that important now?”
“Well, I believe that most of the dignities were working on the primus that the alien door has been opened, because the particular naked hand sweat has not touched the alien metal. I removed my glove and touched the metal. It was actually warm feeling which was very surprising. What did you feel on the exterior metal of the ship, Russian dictator?”
He swallowed the food with a nod. “I found the metal to warm to the naked finger pads also.”
Madam President thumbed back over a collar bone in the direction of the ship. “But I just came from the balcony room. The top of the mushroom shape is sparkling in tones of pretty colors, since it is covered in ice icicles.”
“That is reasonable, since the temperature above the tree tops is freezing. A set of ice has formed over the metal and the side of the curved rooftop on the alien ship, you can say. But I had felt the warmth with both my naked hands too,” the Prime Minister of Italy clapped both hands with a nod to each face.
The female leader of Kenya nodded with a smile to each face. “I, too, felt the warmth. I agree with Miss Prime Minster from the country of England. There are numerous representatives here that have come from all other the world to share the experience of meeting for the first time an alien life form. So who is missing from the invited list? Then we will be able to seek out and bring the leader from the country here to touch the alien metal.”
Madam President frowned. “There isn’t an invited list. Everyone just came here at different intervals, after seeing the alien space ship on the tube of the television screen. I don’t know what country would be missing. Frankly, I find that working theory ridicule. No person can bleed or sweat on any type of object and then open a secret door. No one can do that. Someone started that silly rumor that has circulated around the White House. Now, there is a new working theory which I am passing favor too. The alien space ship is abandoned. The working alien crew is dead. This is the simplest logical explanation for the knock on the door which has not been answered. Tomorrow, we all will decide what to do with a dike of abandoned space ship. Tomorrow that will be decided. Now, tonight, everyone enjoy your sleep.”
“You didn’t touch the alien space ship,” the priest moved ahead and stood beside Madam President, pointing a finger at her nose profile.
Miss Prime Minister stared at the new president. “What did you say, priest?”
The priest nodded with a smile. “She didn’t touch the alien spaceship.”
Mr. Prime Minster of Canada frowned at the new president. “What is the priest saying?”
The priest nodded with a smile at the nose profile of the new woman president. “I was on the team of scientists that ventured through the falling snowflakes in the cold air and stood in front of the metal space ship. Then I reached out and touched the alien metal of red. I could feel the warmth through the gloved hands. Then I removed my glove and touched the alien metal of red. The touch was warm. But Madam President was not with me. Did you go out alone and touch the ship, Madam President?”
“I…” Madam President gagged and then coughed up the bile from the esophagus.
Mr. Prime Minister of Canada pointed a finger at the new president. “She didn’t touch the alien ship. Then you are the missing naked hand that could open up the door and greet all the aliens.”
“No, I am not.” Madam President frowned. “That is a silly rumor.”
“Yes, you are. Everyone inside this room has touched the alien ship. We all represent the leaders of the world here inside this room. We all traveled from our native countries to touch the alien space ship and meet all the new race of aliens. You have not touched the alien space ship. You are the one. You must touch the alien metal. Then the door will open.”
Mr. Prime Minister of Italy nodded with a smile. “It makes sense. The alien space ship landed here, not on the top soil of a different country. You are destined to speak with the aliens. You must go out and touch the metal.”
Mr. Prime Minister of China smiled. “There is any old saying among my people. Only Nixon could visit China.”
The leader of Kenya nodded with a smile. “I have read that saying also. That’s correct. Only the leader of a country is the most important representative of the entire lot of the world, in this case. The alien space ship landed here in Washington DC. This is the home of the president of America. You are the one to knock on the door. Then, the aliens will answer the knock.”
Miss Prime Minister of England frowned. “She can touch the metal now and open the door.”
Madam President gasped. “No, I will not.”
Mr. Prime Minister of Italy stood upright from the chair with a smile. “Not tonight, I agree. There has been too much excitement for the evening. When the sun rises at seven o’clock, we all will be up and ready. Then Madam President can go outside and touch the alien metal. I will be there with her also to see the historical event. Please excuse me! I am retiring for the evening,” he back stepped with a nod and side stepped, moving ahead, exiting the room.
The rest of the dignities stood upright from the chair and nodded to the USA president, spinning around, moving ahead toward the temporary wall corner inside the White House.
Some of the dignities stopped and stood next to a different set of dignities while leaning down and whispered the new information into an eardrum. Some of the dignities turned to stare at the new USA president.
Madam President turned and met the staring eyeballs while scooting around and sat down inside the dining room chair with a worried brow. “No. This cannot be correct. I don’t touch the alien metal. But a set of naked hand prints do not open the door.”
The husband scooted around and sat down inside the chair with a worried brow. “You and I will go out tomorrow morning and touch the red tinted metal. Nothing will happen. That is a silly theory that a human handprint will open the alien metal. The alien ship is dead. It is not alive. It has been abandoned here on our planet like a piece of outer space trash. We will clear this up very quickly on tomorrow morning. Then we will make all the nasty dignities leave the White House and get out of our country. One of them can have it and tow the alien ship back to their country for free. We don’t want the piece of scrap metal. Is that a good plan, dear?”
“Yes,” she whispered.
“I like that plan too,” he stood upright from the chair with a smile and leaned down, assisting her to stand, cuddling her into a shoulder. They slowly strolled ahead with a worried brow.
Her mind continued to click with all the good and bad possibilities. If she could open the alien door, will the aliens be nice or hostage to the earthlings? If she could not open the door, will all the dignities be nice or hostage to her?
Day Two Alien visitation


7:07 am
Cold freezing air temperatures with gray clouds and white snowflakes
City street Pennsylvania Avenue location
Alien space ship setting
White House front lawn of dead brown tinted grass


The mob of tired, angry, and smelly dignities in a set of soiled and dirty clothing marched out from the front lawn of the White house in the light rain of white snowflakes and freezing winter time temperatures of Washington DC, slowly moving toward the floating alien space ship. Madam President and her husband led the crowd beside a line of cabinet members between the married couple. 
Her husband cuddled her and slowly moved across the hard ground and then the hard concrete of the parking lot.
She continued to stare at the alien space ship and felt both nervousness and frightened for some reason, since the first day of its appearance. The man-made design on the sides of the alien space ship continued to display the wooden hand of the hammer, the wooden hand of a hatchet, the edge of a golden coin, the edge of a silver coin, the handle of wooden cross bar, the plastic handle of a screwdriver and other wooden or plastic handles. There were numerous inserted objects that had been hand tossed and then stuck into the red metal like an upright mud puddle. The natural mineral of the object had been sucked down into the red metal while exposing the handle for some reason which also looked very strange like a stationary dart on a dart board. The ground was covered in trash items from paper cups, paper plates, wooden spoons, wooden objects, glass objects, and other man-made items.
Some of the dignities were excited that she had been identified as the missing hand print. Some of the dignities were not happy about the situation while feeling concern about the true single unknown intention of a new alien race with the new president as the selected representative of the global world.
She felt both pressure and tension while slowly strolling toward the alien space ship. If her hand print could open the door, then planet Earth would house a new race that would be the result.
The mod stopped in place a few feet from the red tinted set of four steps as the crowd sounded with a deep sigh of nervousness too. The light rain of snowflakes had returned in the morning sprinkling down over the hats and hair roots of the dignities feeling like a holiday atmosphere event really than a supernatural one.
Madam President and her husband slowly climbed each step with an exhaled huff of cold air and stopped on the fourth step. The red metal glittered in the bright sunlight showing off the blackened scorch marks across some of the solid metal that came from numerous collisions in outer space. There was not present a seam for a window or a handle for a door or a peek hole to see the new company on top of the front porch. The four steps with the flat platform had been dubbed a front porch to greet a new visitor who wanted to meet the aliens. The set of wet snowflakes did not stick to the metal or the ground. The ground was too warm. The metal was too heated.
The alien space ship did not breathe or sign or sizzle or purr with a set of hidden space engines. It was silent and still. The air was cold. The wind was flat. The snowflakes twinkled in the bright sunlight. The mod of dignities did not stir a muscle or shout out loud a word but watched in anticipation.
She lifted up a hand near the glass window and removed the warm glove, feeling the biting cold of winter on all her naked digits. Her husband cuddled her for protection, warmth, and encouragement, leaning over into the metal ship also. She slowly reached out and touched a naked hand to the red tinted alien metal on top of the mushroom stem with a gasp, feeling the heat of the metal that warmed a racing heart and a clicking mind. She didn’t hear any words or see any images within her mind, coming from the thoughts of the two aliens behind the transparency glass window. The heated metal sounded with a soft ping. She back stepped with her husband with a gasp from the touched portion of the upright metal stem leg on the alien ship.
The mod of dignities rushed ahead and stopped, gathering onto and around the four metal red tinted steps, the flat red tinted platform while surrounding the presidential couple, feeling intrigue, worry, and excitement.
The metal slowly cracked open and then slid downward, revealing a spot f darkness. Then, the hole brightened into blinding light. Once the eyeballs adjusted to the strong light, there appeared a pair of human-like aliens.
“The human-like female is completed naked.” One of the dignities yelled out loud with a smile.
“The human-like male is completed naked too,” another one of the dignities shouted out loud with a smile.
The human-like female blinked both eyelashes open and shut, tilting a chin to the side, opening the mouth. She sung in low musical note out loud which penetrated the solid glass wall into each pair of eardrums and then shifted a chin to the other side, singing with a set of different musical notes. She continued to sing and shift a chin side to side. She finally finished singing the tune and closed the lips, blinking both eyelashes open and close, staring with a smile at Madam President without a set of words.
The range of musical notes from a wordless song had been musical structured based on the musical scale and sounded to each pair of human eardrums as G1, A0, A7, A7, A4, E1, E1, A0, A7, A7, A6, A0, A7, A2, A0, A7, A7, G1, A0, A7, A7, A5. Then, the song stopped. The human-like female blinked both eyelashes open and shut along with the alien male, staring at Madam President with a silly smirk without singing a song or talking with a set of words or grunting a set of new sounds.
One of the dignities yelled out loud. “What is that song?”
Another one of the dignities shouted out loud. “Does anyone recognize that tune? It is not familiar to me.”
A third dignitary yelled out loud. “Is that the fun child song called Row, Row, Row Your Boat?”
A fourth dignitary shouted out loud. “No, I don’t know the song.”
A fifth dignitary screamed out loud. “Listen up! Hear with you eardrums, if the aliens sing more songs!”
A sixth dignitary smiled and shouted out loud. “That is their pretty language! Sing it back to them right now! I can’t. I don’t know what they said. I can’t sing, either.”
The two human-like aliens continued to stand in the nude and blinked a pair of eyelashes open and shut while staring at Madam President. Then, the bright light went off. Across the curves of the alien ship, a set of loud pings sounded when an individual window cracked open, displaying a spot of darkness. Then, the spot of darkness illuminated into bright light, but it did not display a new pair of naked human-like aliens.
“Wait!” Madam President reached out and touched the glass with a gasp, feeling the bitter cold on a set of exposed finger pads. She back stepped and peeled away a layer of skin that resided on the top of frozen glass with a hiss, cuddling the wound hand. “I’m okay. It only stings,” she looked up with a worried brow to see the dark spot that contained a piece of cold glass in place of the heated metal. “I don’t understand. They disappeared without talking to me. I thought that I was supposed to hear their story or their plea or their threat or their whatever out here in the cold air.” Her husband cuddled her and spun around, leading them back down off the platform and the four steps, moving ahead toward the warmth of the interior building of the White House.
One of the dignities frowned. “What happened?”
Another one of the dignities shouted out loud. “What is going on here?”
A third dignitary yelled out loud. “What did you do?”
A fourth dignitary laughed out loud. “This is too easy. You must sing the same song back to the aliens. Then, they will come back. Do. Ray. Me. Fa. Sol…”
A fifth dignitary screamed out loud. “The event has concluded for the time. We need to go and move back into the White House. We need to answer the mysterious musical mysterious message. The aliens have spoken in song, not words. That is what we must do.”
Madam President moved down into the wet ground with a shout out loud. “Do not the metal! It is cold, not warm. Do not touch the metal. It is very dangerous.”
Some of the dignities spun around and dashed ahead, moving toward the building for warmth and a hot beverage. Some of the dignities moved ahead and stopped, staring at the glass opening on the front of the stem with puzzlement and whisper. Madam President moved ahead and cuddled the wounded hand with a sour frown. “Now what do we do?”
He leaned down into her cold cheekbone with a stern face. “We replay the musical message again and again until we figure out the unknown song. Then we answer the song like it is a riddle or a rhyme or a puzzle. Then, the aliens will tell us what we need to know. Or what they want here?”
She whispered with worry. “I do hope so.”


White house location
Second floor location
Yellow Oval Room setting


Madam President and her husband slowly moved through the archway and arrived inside the Yellow Oval room of the White House.
The Secretary of State, Idée moved around the room with a smile and stopped, standing in front of the woman president. “I have paper slips of salutations and goodbyes from all of the dignities. They are returning back home, since your personal hand printed opened the door. Now, you are the keeper or the guardian or the protector of the alien space ship. However, each one is going to send over their top musician to help decode the mysterious musical message.”
“Thank you, Idée! That is very nice of each dignitary! Please hold all the slips of paper for my review later, please,” Madam President moved ahead with a sour frown and stopped, sitting down in the chair with a hiss, cuddling the wounded hand.
The surgeon general moved ahead and stopped, kneeling down in front the president. “Give me your hand! I will apply cold ointment and a set of clean bandages. Your wounds are more painful than serious. Ripping off the top skin is always not fun,” he applied the ointment around each red tinted finger pads and wrapped the entire hand. “Do not use your hand for a couple of days! It will heal very fast,” he stood upright from the floor and reached down, patting her collar bone with a smile, turning and moved ahead, sitting down inside an empty chair.
“Thanks!” She frowned down at the wrapped hand.
In front of the gigantic television screen the male was short with a head brown tinted hair and a dark skin, saying with a stern face at the president, “Breaking it down for you, Madam President! I am going to replay the entire musical segment from beginning to end for all eardrums inside this room to hear and enjoy. And I would like to point out that all the media reporter spies were spying and they have recorded the alien song too. Now, at this moment they are broadcasting the alien mysterious musical message to the world.”
Ms. Congresswoman swiftly stood upright from the shared yellow colored loveseat with another congressman, saying with a smile to each face. “We can’t stop the media spies, but we can be the first contact to start the conversation with a race of peoples,” she sat down with a smile and a grin, leaning over with a whisper to the male.
The short male pressed a button on the television remote control device that was connected to the mainframe computer, where the alien song had been recorded and stored for future review. He pointed to the television screen on the forward wall with a grin in silence. The range of musical notes from a wordless song was structured based on the musical scale as G1, A0, A7, A7, A4, E1, E1, A0, A7, A7, A6, A0, A7, A2, A0, A7, A7, G1, A0, A7, A7, A5. Then, the song re-played in the air waves and then appeared on the gigantic screen of the forward wall in the format of a musical score that displayed one musical note at a time between a set of horizontal lines. Then the song finished played. He spun around and nodded with a grin to the president. “This is a piece of musical song which cannot be translated into words. But music notes is an art form that is universe for both earthlings and the aliens. Music is based on sound. Sound is a vibration of an object like a plucked string on a guitar or a singing voice like the alien female. There are four properties of musical sounds including pitch, dynamics of loudness or softness, tone color, and duration.”
The gray headed senator stood upright with a growl and pointed at finger at the young male. “Who are you, asshole? Why are you standing in front of distinguished members of congress and the new presidential cabinet members?”
The young male slapped a flat chest with a smile. “I am Sitara Randolo. I work here as a staff member of the White House and for the president. And I play the piano. I could have been a concerto pianist, if I had not desired a life of public service to my fellow Americans. There is no one else that is more qualified to lecture about music and musical notes then I. So, sit your fat ass back down on top of the ugly yellow tinted loveseat, senator! Or I will excuse you.”
The senator sneered. “Excuse me!”
Sitara nodded with a grin. “Yes, you are excused, senator.”
“Enough!” Idée stood upright with a sour frown. “Please continue the musical lecture, Sitara! We want to communicate with the aliens immediately within the next few hours,” she sat back down on top of the loveseat with a nod. The senator sat back down with a low growl from the rude young male.
Sitara nodded with a smile. “Now, the first property of music is the pitch. Pitch is the highness or lowness of sound that you hear with your eardrums. A good example of pitch is the musical song The Star Spangled Banner, which is our wonderful national anthem,” he started to sing in perfect harmony. “O say can you see…”
The entire room of American persons swiftly stood upright from the furniture, lifting up and held a right hand over the heart of a chest, turning to smile at one of the posed and upright American flags which stood in the wall corner while singing along Sitara each line of American national anthem, “…by the dawn’s early light. What so proudly we hailed at the twilight’s last gleaming whose broad stripes and bright stars through the perilous fight. O’er the ramparts we watched, were so gallantly streaming? And the rockets’ red glare, the bombs bursting in air. Gave proof through the night that our flag was still there. O say does that star-spangled banner yet wave. O’er the land of the free and the home of the brave.” The voices of the people stopped singing. Then all the people sat back down on top of the soft cushion seat with a set of smiles and whispers. Sitara stopped singing and stared at each face with a smile and a nod, “That was very, very nice, loyal and devoted fellow Americans. Now, in the beginning of the song, you can hear a low pitch on the word, say, and then a high pitch on the word, see.”
The Secretary of the Treasurer sat beside alone inside a yellow tinted sitting chair with a sour frown at Sitara. “We are wasting time here.”
Sitara smiled with a nod. “We are not wasting time. We are breaking down the musical song and then interpreting the musical words. Then, we will figure out the meaning of each musical word and then we sing a greeting back to the pair of visiting aliens.”
Another senator sat inside a shared long sofa with three other senators, saying with sour frown and a tart timber, flipping a hand into the air. “Send all of them back home!” He reached over and slapped the bicep of the senator with a smile and a nod in silence.
Idée nodded with a smile at Sitara. “Sitara is correct. We must understand the meaning of each musical note to translate the musical word.”
A congresswoman sat inside a shared long sofa with four other congress members and exhaled with a puff of annoyance. “The only question I wanna know. Why is the pitch distance between the first lowest musical note and the second musical note so high? What does that mean?”
Sitara frowned. “I don’t know. I need to study the scale of the musical notes before I can answer that posed question. The second musical property is dynamics which is loudness or softness…”
“The song was loudest. My eardrums are still ringing in numerous beats and pitch tones,” the secretary of Labor reached up and wiggled the ear wax inside the eardrum with a worried brow.
The Secretary of State Idée smiled. “You’re an old man, Mr. Secretary of Labor,” she chuckled with the other people inside the room.
Sitara smiled. “No, the dynamics is softness. We all agree. Each musical note was very soft for our human eardrums.”
One of the senators sat alone inside a yellow tinted chair with a sour frown at Sitara. “Do you mean that the song could be much, much louder on my poor eardrums?”
“Yes.” Sitara nodded with a grin. “The third musical property is tone color which is described by a set of numerous words, such like, dark, brilliant, rich, mellow…”
General Vivacy leaned against the entrance wall near the open archway with a sour frown and a shout out for all eardrums inside the room, “Enough of this nonsense! I went and graduated college, holding a set of numerous academic degrees. I do not need a music lesson here. I do believe there is language lesson that needs to be addressed here.”
The Secretary of Labor continued to sit on top of the long sofa with another cabinet member and tossed both arms into the air with a nod and a sour frown. “I agree with smartass general. This is a language message. What does the range of numerous musical notes translate into? That is the only question that needs to be addressed right now. Also, we need to response to the two aliens. Or they might think that we are unfriendly. Or we are unwelcoming of their visitation as visitors to planet Earth.”
“Visitards,” Madam President softly sneered with a whisper for her eardrums only.
Sitara continued to stand in front of the forward wall that held the gigantic television screen of numerous musical notes from the aliens with a nod and a smile to each face. “I can address that inquiry, sir. I am going to provide a brief comparison of the basics of language versus music without a hardcopy report.”
The female senator sneered at Sitara, “Why him?”
The female congresswoman smiled at Sitara, “Why not him?”
“Shut the fuck up, people!” Madam President exhaled with a puff of annoyance. “There is no time. There is not an alien expert. There is only us, who is here inside this room. Sitara, please explain the difference between a language and music for all eardrums inside this room. And I want all lips to stay shut, until you have a very good question for Sitara.”
Sitara swayed side to side with a smile. “Language is broken down into phonemes. Music is made up of notes. Language uses letters. Music uses octaves. They communicated to us in a musical notes. So we must talk to them in a musical song also. Language and music use a succession of sounds that can be hear as either right or wrong. There are certain words or sentences in the concept of human language that makes sense. There are others that do not. This also applies to the theory of music too.”
Vivacy frowned at Sitara. “I want you to summary in two sentences or less the comparison of language and music! And then tell us why can’t we communicate with the thing?”
Madam President frowned at the long lecture of meaningless words. “I don’t want a theory of music, Sitara. I want an interpretation of the message.”
Sitara nodded with a smile. “Yes, Madam President! In music, some note sequences sound good together while other stink like this mysterious musical message, which I have elegantly dubbed, ‘the mmm.’”
One of the congressmen laughed, “The what?”
Sitara smiled. “The mmm for mysterious musical message, the mmm is mucky, murky, and mystic to us, earthlings.”
“We know that alright,” one of the senators frowned at Sitara.
Sitara smiled. “There is a big signification difference between language and music. Language selects the usage of letters or symbols that is represented by the alphabetic format of twenty-six letters which forms a word. Then a set of words forms a sentence for communication. Music is made of eight different notes in an octave. The octave starts at the bottom with the lowest pitch and then goes upward to the highest pitch. Each octave is mixed and matched to form a stanza of notes. Then the stanza of notes forms a melody. Then the melody…”
“Wait!” The Secretary of Labor frowned. “The pitch of high and low notes has no meaning to me and the other earthlings. Does the mmm have a function here?”
Sitara smiled. “Language is used as a means of communication and is essential for creating a social bond with another person or nation or race. That’s it! It is here to offer a friendly hand with the earthlings of Earth.”
“We know that too,” another congresswoman frowned at Sitara.
Another congressman nodded with a smile. “Music can be used for communication but really serves a source of entertainment. And music is a mean of personal expression.”
Sitara smiled. “Language is composed of phonemes, making morphemes and syntax which creates a set of sentences that builds into a story and then reveals the language itself.”
“This is a story,” one of the senators frowned with confusion.
“This is a midnight nightmare without the group of walking bloody zombies,” one of the congresswomen laughed with amusement.
“This is a fairy tale,” Idée frowned with annoyance.
The Secretary of Treasurer sipped and swallowed the hot beverage with a sour frown. “Why are they here again?”
“Music begins with a set of notes which makes a chord that combines into numerous phrases of music, making a complete song. The song affects the human body and the human brain with feelings and emotions to the musical tune. Thus, the alien song has bedazzled all earthlings here on planet Earth.”
One of the senators smiled. “I am bedazzled.”
The senator frowned. “We know that alright! What is the interpretation here with the alien musical notes? I can hear that it is a song. What does it mean to me? Nothing! What does it mean to you? Nothing!”
Sitara nodded with a smile to each face. “Interpretation is part of both language and music, through it differs slightly in its definition for each person. Interpretation of any common or foreign tongue from a common or a new set of language skills means to understand it, so that a spoken word or a spoken sentence means the same thing to a pair of two strangers or friends or enemies.”
The congresswoman frowned. “The interpretation of music doesn’t have a meaning to anyone, unless there is set of spoken words which has been sing by a talented singer in a song.”
Idée continued to sit on the loveseat beside another cabinet member with a smile. “A tune of happy or sad music means something to me. It reminds me of my first date, my first fight, my first…”
Madam President growled. “Cool it!” Idée exhaled with a puff of annoyance in silence.
Sitara nodded to each face. “The interpretation of music does not have a meaning. But music can mean anything to any single mind of a human or an alien, in this case. An individual human will not have the same interpretation of a piece of music with the same tone of notes.”
“That is profound,” the congresswoman nodded with a smile to Sitara.
Vivacy frowned. “That is meaningless.”
Sitara nodded with a smile to each face. “There are numerous languages throughout the world. Each human speaks a unique language whether it is vocally with a timber, sign language with one or both hands, Braille language to the blind, an electronic message from a computer, a hand drawing of images or pictures or words or a set of numbers. However, each person is able to communicate using a common format of the common or unknown language. Here, we cannot communication, since we do not know the common format.”
The congressman laughed out loud with a nod. “I disagree. We are communicating with the pair of naked aliens.” Some of the other people laughed with a nod of acknowledgment too.
Sitara nodded to the president with a smile. “Only one earthling communicated to them and then the pair of naked aliens disappeared back into the light. What did you say to them, Madam President?”
Madam President gasped and then cleared a throat. “I do not say or do anything to the alien couple. I reached out and touched the heated metal. A secret door panel slid down and then revealed a set of two human-like looking aliens. The alien female acted like a human and opened the mouth, singing a musical sing of notes without words and then she stopped singing. I reached out and touched the glass again. The glass was extremely cold like an ice cube. It burned and stung my naked hand while ripping off the layer of skin on two of my fingers from the cold frosty glass,” she lifted up the bandaged hand for all eyeballs.
Sitara nodded with a stern face to the president. “That is really interesting to me. The heated metal was an invitation to touch the alien space ship. She touched it. Now, the alien space ship has turned cold and ugly like a bite on the foot from a rattlesnake. What does it mean?”
Vivacy shouted out loud with a stern face. “It means that earthlings are supposed to response back with a musical song also to the alien song.”
Sitara nodded with a smile. “Yes, General Vivacy is correct. So we are to response with the same repeating scale of exact musical notes that doesn’t mean hoot to me or you. Thus, our language communicates the essence or storyline with a limited suggestion or idea.”
One of the congressmen frowned. “What is the mmm saying or telling or representing within the musical scale?”
The room went silence for a few minutes.
Sitara smiled. “I would like to point out here. Within the music world, music talent is rare also. Not everyone can play an instrument or sing a song. However, a human is able to listen and enjoy the music without everyone playing an instrument, singing a song, or writing a musical piece which is a different form of language development. The end!”
Madam President frowned. “What else, Sitara?”
Sitara smiled. “That is the end of my music lecture.”
One of the congressmen frowned. “What do we do now?”
The senator laughed. “We need more help than Sitara and dumbass me.”
The other senator laughed. “Yes, I agree with my fellow senator. Let’s be scientific here. What is the primary problem here?”
Sitara nodded with a smile. “There is a language message of words in the format of musical notes, where we need to translate. And there are some humans who are masters of the musical language.”
One of the cabinet members frowned. “What is the answer here?”
Vivacy leaned against the wall and outlined the pistol on the belt with a stern face at the screen of musical notes. “We bring in a team of world-famous musicians. This is a musical message, not a sentence of common language words. Let all or one the world-famous musicians solve and translate the musical message for us, earthling.”
“That is an excellent idea, Vivacy!” Madam President swiftly stood upright from the chair and moved ahead, stopping and stood in the middle of the room with a smile to each face. “We need a real musician to really read the musical scale and then translate all the musical notes into a language of human which we will understand. So we will shout out loud for all of the most talented musicians to come here to the White House! Maybe, one of the talented musicians could successfully interpret the alien song and then talk to the aliens on the alien ship.”
The room of people sounded in claps and loud cheers.
Day Three Alien visitation


8:08 a.m.
Washington DC
White House location
Yellow Room Oval setting


All the staff members, including the presidential cabinet members, and the president herself in the White House left out form the Yellow Oval Room yesterday afternoon with a new command and found a warm seat somewhere inside a office, calling by a landline telephone or a mobile telephone to each foreign country and kindly asking for the most famous musician to visit America and aid in the translation of the alien mysterious song.
Within twenty four hours or less by the next day, over hundred rooms inside the White House had accepted and housed a group of foreign and national famous musical musicians. Outside the secured dead grass White House lawn parameter which was guard by rows of US military soldiers, thousands and thousands of rows and rows of screaming and yelling young teenagers had heard the new, skipping all the school attendance and living quarters of a warm house to stand and freeze to death for a gleam at one of the numerous musicians that invaded the White House.
Within Washington DC, in the White House, on the second floor, inside the Yellow Oval Room, each yellow tinted living room furniture piece was occupied and shared by a famous musical musician and a single musical instrument that had been flown from a different country throughout the world here to analyze the musical song from the visiting aliens.
Madam President and the Secretary of State Idée sat in a single chair behind a circle of furniture pieces against the wall with a stern face. General Vivacy stood against the wall near the open archway like a bulldog for protection and security.
Madam President palmed and pressed the button on the television remote control device that was connected to the mainframe computer, where the alien song had been recorded and stored for future review. Each musical note from a wordless song pinged in a bright red tinted glow on the musical scale on G1 A0, A7, A7, A4, E1, E1, A0, A7, A7, A6, A0, A7, A2, A0, A7, A7, G1, A0, A7, A7, A5 on the forward wall. The song played in the air waves and displayed on the gigantic screen of the forward wall in the format of a musical score in the pair of eardrums and eyeballs of each musician. Then, the song finished played.
Madam President looked down with a stern face and read out loud the old information from Sitara into the eardrums of each musician. “I will dispense with pleasantries, since this situation is an emergency. This is the alien musical song which cannot be translated into human words. But all the music notes are an art form that is universe for both earthlings and the aliens. Music is based on sound. Sound is a vibration of an object like a plucked string on a guitar or a singing voice of a musician. There are four properties of musical sounds including pitch, dynamics of loudness or softness, tone color, and duration.”
On the top of the shared loveseat, the American female singer held a banjo and nodded with a smile at the gigantic screen, pointing at each musical note. “When I hear the sequence of notes, I immediately hear the lack of a beat. I can’t clap my hands or my feet to this weird musical song. For example, I am going to clap and sing one of my favorite songs, America. The song is an American patriotic song whose words were written by Samuel Francis Smith. He used the melody that came from the national anthem of the United Kingdom which is God Save the Queen which was arranged by Thomas Arne. Listen to my voice and watch my hands!” She cleared a throat and lifted up both hands into the air with a smile, softly clapping out the rhythm. “My country ‘tis of thee. Sweet land of liberty. Of thee I sing,” she dropped both hands down into the lap with a smile to each musician. “Now, I could beat with song with my hands and my voice. When I analyze the alien song, I will use ‘dum’ pitch for the low notes and a ‘dee’ pitch for the high notes. Dum. Dum. Dee. Dee. Dum. Dum. Dum. Dee. Dee. Dum. Dee. Dee. Dum. Dee. Dum. Dum. Dee. Dee,” she shook the long brown hair with a sour frown. “There is no beat to clap your hands or a smooth song for your ears. I don’t understand the interpretation of the alien song.”
“It is a musical message of words in the format of notes, where we need to translate. That is why the song does not slid off the tongue,” Idée sat alone with a sour frown inside a yellow tinted chair behind the circles of furniture pieces, where each musician sat and stared at each other to solve the musical song.
The British male singer sat on top of the yellow tinted loveseat with another musician and tapped on the guitar with a nod and a stern face to each musician. “Yeah, a musical beat is a regular rhythm with any musical song. This weird alien song goes from one beat in the first measure, four beats in the second measure, one beat in the third measure. I can’t figure out the correct meter of the song either.”
Idée exhaled with a puff of annoyance. “It is a language message of words in the format of musical notes, where we need to translate.”
The lead singer for the American band sat on top of a long sofa with the other band members and tapped on a fiddle, saying with a stern face to each musician. “And the tempo of the alien song is steady. It is not a pacing slow or a lively fast. There ain’t a beat or a tempo or a meter to the alien song. Now, song writer George Gershwin wrote the musical tune I Got Rhythm in the year 1930,” she stood upright and danced in place side to side, tossing both arms into the air while singing with a smile to the audience of musicians and the president. “I got rhythm. I got music. Who could ask for anything more?” The other musicians nodded with a set of claps and cheers.
Idée exhaled with a puff of annoyance and tossed an arm into the air with a sour frown. “Hello! Over here! It is a musical message of words in the format of notes, where we need to translate.”
The Swedish male singer twirled a set of drum sticks in the air with a sour frown. “The alien song does not a meter. In music, a group of fixed number of beats is called a measure. Based on the number of beats in a measure, it is a meter. For example, I am going to sing this familiar nursery song for all eardrums,” he cleared a throat with a grin and sang the song. “Mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb…” he stopped the sing with a smile, “You can clearly hear that each measure has two beats of musical notes. This is called a duple meter as you can count one-two, one-two, and so on. The alien song does not clearly see or hear the same number of beats within each measure. The first measure is one beat. The second measure is three beats. I give up. I surrender here. I don’t understand and can’t interpret the musical notes of the alien song.”
The American male sat alone inside a single chair with a nod and held a saxophone. “There exists a pattern of three beats to a measure which is called a triple meter. All dance waltzes are written and played in triple meter. For example, the song America is written and sung in triple meter,” he cleared a throat and sang the song with a smile. “My country, ‘tis of thee. Sweet land of liberty. Of thee I sing,” he stopped the sing with a grin. “You can hear the triple meter of three beats in each measure. The alien song does not possess three beats in each measure. Each alien measure is really odd. I can’t figure it out either.”
The Germany male sat on top of a long sofa with other musicians with a nod and held a clarinet. “I agree with my fellow musicians that hail from the countries of Australia and America. For an earthling, the musical songs of jazz and rock tunes are written and sung in quadruple meter. For example, I will sing Mine Eyes Have Seen the Glory which is also known here the USA as The Battle Hymn of the Republic. The lyrics were written by Julia Ward Howe in the year 1861,” he cleared a throat and sang the song with a smile. “Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord. He is trampling out the vintage where the grapes of wrath are stored,” he stopped the sing with a nod. “One-two-three-four, there are four beats in each measure which you can clearly hear. I do not hear four beats in each measure in the alien song.”
“O…give me a home where the buffalo roam, where the deer and the antelope play. Where seldom is heard a discouraging word, and the sky is not cloudy all day,” the Australian male musician stopped the sing with a smile and held an electric keyboard in the lap. “Home on the Range is the most popular song of the American West. It was written by Brewster Higley who lived in the US State of Kansas in the year 1870 or so. But the song contains a sextuple meter which is six beats in each measure. And six beats of meter is not heard in the strange alien song either. I studied American music too.”
The Latino female musician held a violin and turned with a smile and a nod to see each musician. “There is also beats of five and seven meters which is heard in modern rock and roll music today.”
Idée exhaled with a puff of annoyance and tossed an arm into the air with a sour frown, “Alright! What else does the alien song have or not have?”
The Australian female singer held a pair of drum sticks with a nod and a smile. “I feel ya! The alien song doesn’t possess a melody either like the old folk song Row, Row, Row Your Boat,” she cleared a throat and sang the song with a smile and a nod. “Row, row, row your boat. Gently down the stream…”
The Canadian male singer held a flute with a smile and started the song too. “Row, row, row your boat. Gently down the stream…”
The Australian female singer with the pair of drum sticks nodded with a smile. “Merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily, life is but a dream.”
The Mexican male singer held a guitar with a smile and started the song. “Row, row, row your boat. Gently down the stream…”
The Canadian female singer with the flute sung with a smile. “Merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily, life is but a dream.”
The Mexican male singer with the guitar nodded with a smile. “Merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily…”
“Alright!” Idée swiftly stood upright from the chair and tossed both arms into the air without anyone seeing her sour frown. “Thanks for the entertainment sessions! This is a musical message of words in the format of notes, where we need to translate. What is the answer here?”
The room was silent.
The Japanese female singer held an electronic keyboard in the lap and turned to smile at each musician. “I do not have the answer, but I am a musician. I would like to play one of my famous songs to the pair of aliens. Maybe, my personal favorite musical song will make them happy. Then, they will gladly talk with us using vocal words, not musical notes.”
The lead female singer from the New Zealand band held a pair of drum sticks with a smile. “That is an excellent suggestion to built and bridge the language gap. I and my talented friends of musicians wanna play one of my favorite musical pieces for the aliens also for peace and prosperity too.”
Madam President stood upright from the chair with a gasp. “That is an outstanding idea. Alright! We all move outside and march toward the alien ship.”
The British female musician held her throat without an instrument. “It is less than thirty degrees outside, Madam President. I can sing but my vocal chords will pop and bleed in cold weather here in Washington DC.”
The American female musician cuddled the instrument with worry. “Yeah, my guitar is used to performing in a place of warm or cool air temperatures. If not, all the guitar stings will break and blood over my fingers.”
Madam President tossed both arms into the air with a nod and a smile. “I completely understand. Idée, get going and work with the house staff. You and the house staff find and create a long enclosed barrier coming from the front door of the White House, traveling in a straight line directly to the four steps and cover the exposed flat platform that is attached to the alien ship, where each musician will play their famous piece of music. Go! Hurry! Get going now! I want the new tunnel constructed yesterday.” Idée swiftly stood upright from the chair and exited the Yellow Oval Room for the new task from the president. Madam President turned and scanned the face of each musician. “Musicians, the new enclosed barrier will only be temporary housing. The cold air will easily penetrate any type of homemade man-made tunnel which will be constructed in a short period of time. I would like for you to dress in a set of winter clothing. I do not want any musician to become sick with a cold virus. Or your set of delicate vocal chords stressed from the cold weather. Also, I would like each musician to select only one of your most favorite musical songs to play and perform for the two aliens.” Each musician sounded with a set of loud cheers and claps. She waved both arms in the air with a smile at each musician. “Yes, you and your musical band will be playing for the two aliens. Go ahead and leave the Yellow Oval Room on the second floor, going back to your assigned room here inside the White House. I would like for you to practice and perfect the musician piece.”
The Australian male musician lifted a hand with a smile at the president. “My favorite song is over four minutes long. Will I play the entire song to the two aliens, Madam President?”
Vivacy had not followed behind the back spine of Idée to assist with the construction work of the tunnel but remained, continuing to lean against the wall near the open archway with a stern face. “No. The alien song has been timed at less than twelve seconds of human time. Thus, you will select and play your favorite song for one minute and no more.”
“Boo…”
“Hiss…”
“Bitch…”
“Cunt…”
“Crab…”
“Who is she?”
Vivacy did not smile. “I am the security here over you and the president.”
Madam President frowned at each musician. “I agree with Vivacy. You will select and play one of your favorite songs for one minute or less. You are dismissed to get dressed for the cold weather and practice your selected song. Thank you, musicians!” She side stepped and spun around, dashing out the Yellow Oval Room while supervising the construction of the tunnel with Idée.
Each musician slowly stood upright from the chair with a sour frown and then slowly exited the room with a set of loud grumbling and funny sounding grunts under the watchful eyeballs of Vivacy to select one song to play for one minute.


11:11 am
White House location
Front porch setting


Outside in the cold weather with a light rain storm of tiny white snowflakes falling down from the gray clouds, a long triangle shape of silver tint glittered from the dull sunshine. The tunnel was composed of number aluminum tent-shaped material with a black tinted fiberglass floor which was covered with a sheet of blue carpet. Every five feet, there was installed a wooden stove that burned wood for a fire and created a plume of white smoke.
Madam President had decided that each musician would be allowed to perform and play for the aliens based on the current American alphabetic listing that began with the letter A. Some of the older musicians grunted with the presidential order, since they were the richest and most famous people of the group. But Madam President did not want any more authority over her command.
Inside the White House, one the first floor, in front of the closed front door, the first musical group of four musicians stood nervously while softly singing to warm up the voice.
Madam President stood with a smile on one side with Idée on the other side in-between the group of nervous musicians. Madam President leaned over with a smile into the cheekbone of the female musician. “This is the procedure to play before the pair of aliens. The front door will open. Your band and I will move ahead and enter into the provided golf kart. I will drive the golf kart for security. The golf kart will travel down a homemade tunnel towards the end of a homemade roadway over the dead grass and wet ground since it is still snowing. Then the golf kart will stop in front of a set of four short red tinted metal steps. Get out and climb the four steps! There is a flat red tinted metal platform. You will stand on top of the flat platform and stare into a glass window that does not contain the two aliens. After the female aliens sing the alien musical song, they disappeared and moved away from the glass window. The window shows a red tinted air environment. I don’t know what that means either. Then you play the selected and rehearsed favorite musical song for one minute or less. Then hopefully, the two aliens will appear and response in kind with another musical song or a sentence of words.”
The female singer smiled. “Will there be a microphone for my voice to sing to the pair of aliens?”
“No.”
“Will there be a set of photographers to take our picture with the two aliens?”
“No.”
“Will there be a set of television crew members and cameras to record our singing performance with the two aliens?”
“No.”
“Will my musical group receive credit for talking with the two aliens?”
“No,” Madam President reached out and shoved the body of the female towards the closed door. The door slid open by a White House guard. Madam President moved ahead with a sour frown through the open archway with a sneer. “Follow me! We have much work to do, if the two aliens do not response to your selected musical song,” she stopped and climbed into the driver’s seat of the golf kart. The golf kart was powered for the trip down to the other side of the homemade tunnel. The four musicians slowly moved through the open archway with a set of gasps and stared at the homemade tunnel of silver, sliding into the long rear seat of the golf kart. Madam President pressed the gas pedal and slowly drove down a carpet of light blue hue, turning to see each wooden stove while feeling the warm heat coming out from the fire, wearing the fur coat and furry gloves with a smile. She was going to finally talk to the aliens and find out their purpose and intent on planet Earth.
The musical band sat in the rear seat and softly practiced the selected song, turning to admire the new tunnel, pointing at the shiny silver triangular shape, the pale blue tinted carpet and each wooden stove. The air temperature was slightly chilled, not freezing cold. The rays of dull sunshine beamed down onto the tent fabric creating a set of rainbow colored streaks on each tent walls. The homemade tunnel was silence except for the whispering wind, the loud buzzing sound of the moving golf kart, and a set of softy voices from the musical band.
The trip was quick in a moving vehicle rather than on foot when Madam President had visited the alien ship the other day. She slowed the kart and stopped a few feet from the set of four steps in red tinted metal. 
The musical group slid out from the rear seat, standing upright in still awe-ness and silence, staring up at the tall height of the gigantic alien ship of dull red metal.
Madam President had seen the strange picture before and slid out from the driver’s seat without turning off the kart engine, standing upright and dashed ahead toward the ship with a sneer. “Follow me! Climb each step and stand on top of the flat platform in front of only opening that is exhibited on the entire alien ship. Don’t dolly around here! We are wasting time. We must talk with the aliens. Get settled and play your selected song to the aliens who hide behind the glass wall.”
Each member of the musical band dashed ahead over the carpet and stopped, standing in front of the first step. Each step had been covered in an array of white snowflakes. Now, the snow had melted and presented a puddle of water. Each member slowly moved up each step and stopped standing in front of the glass window with a nervous giggle and a grin. Each member could see only an environment of red drifting air molecules with a gasp.
“Sing the song!” Madam President snarled at the back spines of the musicians, standing off to the side of the steps but close enough to see the glass window.
The piano player toted an electronic keyboard and pressed down on the A-chord. The female musical hummed to warm the dry throat and started the next musical note. Then the musical group sung out loud the selected musical song.
Inside the glass window of the alien ship, the pair of aliens appeared again within the red tinted air. Each human-like alien possessed a head of black colored long hair down to the shoulder, a tone of pale tinted skin, a pair of blue colored eyeballs, a pair of red tinted lips on a naked body that clearly distinguished between a male and a female. Each member of the musical group stopped the sing and gasped in alarm.
Madam President tossed both arms with a growl and watched the aliens also. “Sing. Sing. Sing your song. The aliens didn’t hear it. Do it again!”
The male musician pointed with a chuckle in the glass window at each alien with a grin. “The aliens are a pair of naked chaps. They look like a pair of humans with a head of hair and a pair of lips and a set of eyelashes, but they don’t wear a piece of clothing. I think we should do the wild thing here instead,” laughing.
Madam President yelled out loud in fury and tossed both arms into the air. “Play the damn song! Sing. Sing your damn sing to the aliens right now!” The female started to sing the selected tune for a second time without the electronic keyboard accompaniment and then finished the song with a smile. The pair of naked aliens continued to stare at the musical group. Madam President sneered down on top of the pale blue carpet with angry. “Sing your song it again! Sing the song much louder! Maybe, they can’t here the song and the musical notes through the thick glass window.” The female started to sing the selected tune for a third time without the electronic keyboard accompaniment and then finished the song with a smile. The pair of naked aliens continued to stare at the musical group. Madam President stood down on top of the pale blue carpet with snarl. “You failed. You are finished and done here. The aliens didn’t like your musical tune. Get back into the golf kart,” she spun around and dashed ahead over the carpet towards the kart with a worried brow.
The female musician and her band members all continued to stand on top of the platform. She stared at each alien with a smile. “We can sing another one of our favorite songs.”
Madam President slid back down inside the driver’s seat and placed both hands onto the steering wheel, staring at a back spine of each band member with a sneer. “No. You failed. Get back into the kart right now. I have a line of other talented musicians to drive back here. Maybe, another song from one of the other musicians will affect their eardrums and their minds, so that the aliens will talk to me. Get inside the kart right now. Hurry! Hurry! Move! Move!” Each band member waved with a smile to each alien and then slowly spun around with a sad face, slowly strolling down the steps and entered the rear seat of the golf kart. Madam President slammed the gear in reverse and backed up the kart, turning around, speeding back down the tunnel for the next musician with a sneer.


2:33 pm


Within the first thirty minutes, Madam President had driven and carried the first three groups of band musicians, stopping at the end of the homemade tunnel, coming from the front door of the White House, hearing the selected musical song from each musician and watched for a tart or sweet reaction from the two aliens. The two aliens did not react to the first three musical song selections.
Within the next three hours, Madam President had ordered the rest of the musicians out from the warm building and physical walked down through the cold tunnel, stopping and forming a long line in order to take a turn and sing a song for sixty seconds in front of the glass window on the alien space ship to the pair of naked aliens. She continued to stand at the bottom of the steps on top of the soggy pale blue carpet and motion each musician in front of the aliens.
The new presidential order saved precious Earth time, quickly eliminated the need for human transportation, and wrapped up the singing project, which had failed epically. No single musician or a musical band had triggered a new musical song or a new word response from either one of the naked aliens.
After the last musician had played the musical song and left the platform without success, slowly moving back down the long tunnel in disappointment and a set of whispers to each band member. The two aliens had slowly disappeared back into the red tinted air once again from the eyeballs of Madam President. She stared in both worried and furious at the red air inside the alien ship with defeat, where the implemented singing plan had not worked. She spun around with a soft sneer and dashed back to the parked golf kart, staring the engine, driving ahead while passing all the other musicians.


White House location
Front porch entrance setting


The golf kart skidded to a halt over the partly wet and frozen pale blue carpet, stopping sideways in front of the flat front porch. Madam President slid out of the driver’s seat without killing the buzzing engine with a sneer and moved ahead through the open archway where one of the guards had opened the closed door with a stern face in silence. 
Inside the interior setting, Madam President marched ahead and swiftly removed all the winter clothing while dropping each piece over the dirty floor, slowly climbing the tall staircase, exiting onto the second floor with a sneer which had been modified to view the stationary alien ship on top of the city street with an angry face. She turned to the side and entered into the Yellow Oval Room setting, stopping and stood inside the open archway with a fake smile, parking both warm hands on the hips, staring at each musician in silence. The musicians were playing a cheerful song with an instrument while laughing with smiles and giggles of fun. She shouted out loud to each musician. The musical song stopped as each face stared with a smile at each other. She frowned, “Alright! The singing plan has failed epically. We have not successfully talked to the pair of aliens…”
“A naked pair of aliens,” the Australian male laughed with a nod, softly plucking a string on the guitar with a smile.
“Quiet!” Madam President moved ahead and kicked a shoe at the door. Both doors slammed slam with a set of loud booms. She stopped and spun around, sitting down in a single chair beside the forward wall that showed the musical scales of the alien song, staring at each musician. “I need a new plan immediately, right now. The aliens were not impressed with the music. You are the experts of music and musical notes here. What is the new solution to communicate with the aliens?”
The set of double doors slammed open as the tall and overweight woman appeared and stood in the archway with a smile and a sing out loud. “It sounds like the magnificent beat of Twinkle, Twinkle, little star. How in the hell did it get down this far?” Motate wore an outfit of a pair of ripped and torn blue jeans, a pair of scuffed and scratched black tinted English riding boots, a white turtleneck, and a thick black short wool jacket and laughed with other musicians and moved ahead without holding a musical instrument, tossing both arms into the air. “I am here. I have arrived. Where is the long table with buckets of cold beer bottles and hot trays of finger sandwiches?” She stopped in-between the circle of furniture pieces and turned with a sour frown to see each wall with a television screen.
The German male held an electronic keyboard in the lap and sat on top of a loveseat with another musician, staring at her back spine with a smile. “Welcome to the dullest party on planet Earth, Motate! There isn’t a beer bottle or a bag of booze or a big boob around the oval shaped room. Have a seat!”
Motate back stepped and slid down between the musicians on a loveseat while cuddling next to the Australian musician with a wink and a smile. “I feel butt-hurt that my cell phone didn’t ring-a-ding for the presidential party.”
Vivacy leaned against the entrance wall and crossed both arms with a sour frown at the new and un-invited musician. “This is not a party. It is a priority. We are trying to figure out what that thing is on the forward wall beside a scale of musical notes. What the aliens want? What the aliens are doing here?”
Motate laughed. “Did someone or something ask the visiting aliens that question?”
She whispered for her eardrums only, “Visitards,” Madam President continued to sit in the chair and stared with a sour frown at Motate. “I did that already. I stood on top of the outside platform and stared into a window. I reached up and knocked on the glass, which appeared like a glass. The musical song played and finished. Then a pair of human-like people appeared.”
The American musician held a saxophone and laughed with a nod and outstretched both hands in the air with a chuckle. “Yeah, that alien chick had the biggest set of round tits that I wanna grab and suck with my teeth and my tongue.”
The British musician held a guitar and laughed with a nod to each face and expanded both hands in the air with a smile. “And that alien guy had the biggest damn dick in the universe that I don’t wanna grab and suck.”
Madam President exhaled with a nod to each musician inside the room. “Thank both you for your acute and accurate observations, musicians. As I was saying, the pair of human-like people-looking aliens appeared inside a room of red air which is located behind a transparency glass window on the stem leg of the alien ship. Then the female opened the mouth and then a set of musical notes came out and repeated that mysterious musical message. It was very confusing and frightening…”
“Well,” the Canadian male musician held a flute instrument and stood upright from the chair with a nod to the president. “Madam President, I wanna thank you for the invitation to the White House and the opportunity to see a pair of naked aliens that came from the moon or the planet of Mars or the planet of Jupiter or where else ever within our galaxy. But I gotta scoot along and leave you here inside the White House. I got a musical concert and a responsibility to my fans. If I leave here, I’ll make…”
Madam President swiftly stood upright from the single sitting chair and exhaled with alarm, tossing both arms into the air with worry. “No! You cannot possible leave at this vital time. You must stay and interpret the mysterious musical message.”
The American musician held a banjo and slowly stood upright from the sofa with his band members and scratched the full beard and then the back of the neck with a confused brow at the president. “I have heard ‘the mmm’ about thousand times, so far. I don’t know what that message is saying. I don’t know what it means. I think you should let bring some of the other talented musicians around the room here and heard the mmm also.”
The French female singer held a violin and stood upright from the sofa and smiled at the president. “My suggestion to solve the mmm, you don’t need a musician. You need a master of music theory, who can break down the scale of notes and interpret the logic of the chords, because that piece of music is really weird to hear and to see for my delicate eyeballs and eardrums,” she spun around and strolled out the room  with a smile, returning back home to her country.
“Maybe, Motate could figure it out. She is also a brilliant musician plus a smart mistress of music,” the Mexican held a pair of drums sticks and stood upright from the chair, spinning around and moved ahead towards the open archway, following the rest of the musicians. An individual assigned White House security guard followed each musician group to ensure the entertainer left the White House. Motate continued to sit on top of the yellow tinted loveseat with a smile in silence.
Madam President continued to stand and stare at a back spine of each musician, who was leaving the room and abandoning the alien problem. She exhaled with annoyance. “I am open to any and all suggestions and then proceeding with these recommendations immediately.”
Motate slapped her breasts with a giggle at the gigantic screen of musical notes. “Do you want a recommendation from me, new madam president?”
“Yeah.”
“Help!” Motate leaned back into the cushion with a laugh and a grin.
Day Four Alien visitation


9:09 a.m.
Washington DC
White House location
Yellow Room Oval setting


On the third day of the alien visitation to planet Earth in the city of Washington DC, Madam President had left the new musician Motate inside the Yellow Oval Room alone, finding Idée and the rest of her cabinet members. Then the entire White House staff members, the presidential cabinet members, some of the distinguished congressmen and congresswomen, and the president attacked a landline telephone or a mobile telephone for a second time while seeking numerous masters or mistresses of music theory without success.
Each vicious media outlet had been swift with a set of vocal interviews coming from numerous musicians that had experience failure without communicating with the pair of naked aliens. The bad information of bad news had spread swiftly and loudly to every citizen of the world. Thus, every famous master or mistress of music theory had been contacted and then flat out refused a kind invitation to come to the White House, work with the new president, and contact the aliens, except for one woman.
Seebondie lived in the city of Miami within the US State of Florida and watched with excitement the progressive state of the alien contact through all the television media programs. Her employer had closed the doors of the private academic institution like the rest of the schools. Her students were all at home and glued to the television with their family members also. Her job had been abandoned without a set of musical student to teach. So Seebondie wandered around the house or wandered around the crowded retail stores without shelves of merchandise or wandered around the home of her parents while the alien ship continued to hover over the city street of Washington DC in mystery.
Then her mobile telephone rang with a classical piece of music from Beethoven’s Symphony No. 5. First Movement: Allegro con brio as she sat on top of the cushion and stared at the television screen with intrigue. She reached over and picked up the mobile telephone with a puff of annoyance. Her mother was calling again with more worry and fear. Seebondie looked down with a confused brow and stared at the new telephone number with curiosity as the classical musical tune repeated on the telephone. She swished the icon and lifted the phone to the lips with a tart greeting. A few hours later, Seebondie entered a private jet and was flown from warm city of Miami to cold city of Washington DC.
Inside the Yellow Oval Room, the gigantic television plasma screen had been moved and exposed the array of glass windows that exhibited the back lawn of the White House. A light shower of white snowflakes continued to fall down coming from the low-hanging dull gray tinted clouds with a dull streak of sunlight without sticking its wet snowflakes down onto the warm ground soil. Underneath the row of exposed windows, there stood an array of individual free stand which held an individual musical instrument for usage by the new mistress of music theory and the lonely musician Motate, who decided to stay and contact the aliens.
Across from the exposed row of windows, the entrance wall held been split at the archway. The portion of the wall near the edge of the fireplace held a smaller version of the television plasma screen on one side of the archway that continued to show the flowing line of musical notes which was composed of the alien song: G1, A0, A7, A7, A4, E1, E1, A0, A7, A7, A6, A0, A7, A2, A0, A7, A7, G1, A0, A7, A7, A5. The other portion of the entrance wall displayed a grand piano in the color of white with a bucket of red colored flowers on top of the frame.
The side wall with the fireplace did not hold a fire but a table of food trays and bucket of beverages. The other side wall displayed the stationary red tinted metal alien ship on a ceiling to floor gigantic television plasma screen.
Seebondie wore a pair of white tinted trousers, a pair of red tinted ankle boots, and a thick wool red colored sweater. She had been quickly introduced to musician Motate and then swiftly listened to the alien song that played on the wall screen, which had been dubbed as mysterious musical message or “the mmm.” She stood in front of the entrance wall which held a gigantic screen of musical notes, wearing a warm pink colored sweater set, a pair of blue jeans, and a pair of dark blue fashion boots, saying with a stern face. “Well, I do not hear a beat or a tempo or a meter or a melody. It is almost like a chant but without a set of constant whole notes.”
Motate wore the same outfit from yesterday, a pair of ripped and torn blue jeans, a pair of scuffed and scratched black English riding boots, a white turtleneck, and a thick black short wool jacket and continued to sat on top of the long sofa in a slouched position and stared with a stern face at the gigantic screen of musical notes, “Yeah.”
“When I look at the wall screen of high and low musical notes, I see a musical score.”
“Nope. A musical score contains more parts for each instrument which is used by an orchestra. Within an orchestra, there are numerous staves of notation, such like, the flute section, the clarinet section, the trumpet section and the rest of the sections. I don’t see a musical score. That first note, the G-chord is the first and lowest musical note on any piano keyboard. What orchestra instrument is that associated with?”
Seebondie said. “It is the ugly looking contrabassoon which produced the lowest pitch with an orchestra. The tone of bassoon sounds like the alien song with a set of deep and rich nasal pitches. I find it interesting that the aliens had selected the tone of a nasal bassoon and then the shrill tone of a piccolo.”
“Why is that?”
Seebondie back stepped with a puzzled brow and stopped, spinning around and stood in front of a line of musical instruments while pondering the mysterious musical message from the aliens. “I mean there are numerous other instruments which would communicate a sweeter pitch,” she picked up and played a simple scale of notes on the instrument for Motate, dropping it back down onto the stand. “The flute instrument produces a full velveteen sound in a low register and a bright sparkle in the high register,” she picked up and played a simple scale of notes on the instrument for Motate, dropping it back down onto the stand. “A clarinet produces numerous ranges of loudness and softness with varied tone colors,” she picked up and played a simple scale of notes on the instrument for Motate, dropping it back down onto the stand. “A saxophone sound is a rich and husky tone,” she picked up and played a simple scale of notes on the next musical instrument for Motate, dropping it back down onto the stand. “The trumpet is the instrument of all kings here on planet Earth with its brilliant and brassy sounds, she picked up and played a simple scale of notes on the instrument for Motate, dropping it back down onto the stand. “A snare drum sounds like a dry rattle of loud vibrations to me.”
Motate smiled. “Can you play every single orchestra instrument on planet Earth, mistress of music theory?”
“Yes, I can play every single musical instrument that man has produced including the reed. I majored in music in college. It was a requirement to graduate college. But a set of musical notes of music comes easy for me to learn and imitate, except this alien song. I accepted this paying job…”
Motate gasped. “You are getting paid to work here with me.”
She spun around with a wink and a smile to see Motate. “Yes, I am getting lots and lots of Andrew Jackson’s,” Seebondie laughed. “I thought that I could waltz in a triple meter in here and break the coda without tension, contacting the pair of naked aliens with a sweet cheery melody,” giggling. “Why are the aliens naked?”
She smiled. “I guess that would be the best method to grab all the attention without initiating a hostage act. How many fearful military soldiers are going to discharge a weapon on a naked girl with a set of big tits?”
Seebondie laughed with a nod. “Yes, you are correct.”
“Yeah.”
Seebondie exhaled with a puff of frustration about the alien song. “Do you think that a particular musical instrument could provide an earthling greeting to the alien message?”
“Nope. All the other invited world-famous musicians had used a variety of musical instrumental tones plus vocal pitches. The aliens did not respond with a wink or a giggle or a piss on the glass window. Remember? You played your mobile telephone with Bach’s Symphonic No. 5. Then, the alien pair appeared in beautiful nudity without singing or winking or pissing on the glass window for you.”
“Why didn’t you play a piece of your personal music?”
She buzzed the lips with a laugh. “Useless! The musical response is a specific blend of musical notes which has not been found or located and not one of a particular musician’s personal musical composite.”
Seebondie moved ahead and stopped, sitting down in front of the grand piano, pressing down the first musical key with a smile. “Maybe, the alien song is a familiar style of music.”
“Which style of music?”
“It could be a coda. A coda starts off stable and then heightens in pitch and finally ends in a tonic key. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart used the coda technique. His musical piece Symphony No. 40 in G Minor, K. 550 was written in the year 1788. In the Fourth Movement: Allegro assai, the sonata conveys a feeling of controlled tension like a coda. The opening note starts in F-chord and then sweeps upward into a broken chord like the alien song,” she played the musical piece on the piano and then stopped the song.
Motate frowned. “Nope. That piece of music from Amadeus has too many eighth notes. The alien song is composed of a set of solid whole notes of some meter and a measure of long quarter notes.”
“What about analyzing the alien song from tempo concept?”
“Yeah!”
“The speed of the beat is called a tempo which is the base pace of the music. A fast tempo is full of life and energy. A slow tempo feels solemn or calm or even death such like a funeral march. Each piece of music by a composer will indicate the tempo, such like, grave, andante, moderato, allegro, presto. An allegro is a fast paced piece of music which is represented by the metronome number of one hundred and sixteen. An andante is walking pace like a stroll in the park, which is represented by the metronome number sixty. However, each musician will pace the piece of music at their own interpreted tempo.”
“What is your point here? I am lost.” 
She exhaled. “Since the year 1816, composers have used a metronome. A metronome is an apparatus device that the produces a ticking sound or a flesh of light which is set at any desired musical speed. The mechanic setting on the metronome indicates the exact number of beats per minute for any piece of musical song,” she reached over and tapped on the device with a stern face. The metronome clicked off with a single ticking sound, “Alright! I have set the metronome to sixty, so we can locate a tempo of the alien song,” she reached down and placed both hands over the piano keyboard, pressing down the fingers, playing the alien song at the pacing speed and stopped the music. She continued to look down at the piano keys. “What did you hear?”
“I hear the same odd alien tune rattling in both my eardrums at andante.”
Seebondie reached over and tapped on the device with a stern face. The metronome clicked off with a single ticking sound. “Now, I have reset the metronome to one hundred sixteen,” she reached down and placed both hands over the piano keyboard, pressing down the fingers, playing the alien song at the fast speed and stopped the music. She continued to look down at the piano keys. “What did you hear now?”
“I hear the same odd alien tune rattling in both my eardrums at allegro.”
She spun around to face Motate with a sour frown. “You are not being helpful here, Motate.”
“You are not being harmful either. The tempo is the tempo. It doesn’t matter the speed of the song. It matters the nots of the song. The notes are the key here. The notes are tattling a message to me, but I can’t place my finger on the ivory key. Excuse and abuse the pun!” she laughed.
She swung back around to face the piano keyboard. “I think we should look at the gigantic television screen of musical notes from a different perspective. On a piano keyboard, the lowest note is A chord,” she played each note with a smile. “The highest note is C chord which is on the opposite side of the piano keyboard. That is called a melody contract in the ultimate extreme, if I had wanted to grab an earthling’s attention to my written song, or in this case, a musical message.”
Motate continued to slouch against the back rest of the long sofa and stared with a puzzled brow at the television screen of musical notes. No! The alien song does not have a beat, a tempo, a rhythm, or a melody. A melody notes move by set of small steps or by a range of large leaps. However, the musical notes do contrast from low to high and then back down to low and then jumps up to high.”
Seebondie leaped up from piano bench with a smile. “Yes, it jumps. It leaps. The melody performs an upward leap into the next measure of notes. This is a key here. The leaps and bounds of all the musical notes are extreme. That means the aliens are…are duplicating or replicating or repeating something that they can’t simply understand. What I mean to say? They are communicating to us through the notes. Yes. But I see a repetition of the lowest G chord up to the highest G chord of musical notes in the musical message, so they want us to get it or translate it or understand it using that pattern of melody leaping from low to high.”
She laughed. “I do believe that is the point of us, two sharing a room of dull and ugly yellow at the White House.”
Seebondie spun around with a sour frown to see the open archway of the room. “Where is that annoying girl who is named Idée?”
“Where is the president?”
Seebondie smiled. “She is doing presidential things.”
“You and I are doing musician things. Hmm!” Motate smiled with a nod. “I hear your musical arguments. So the alien song is imitating an old and known earthling song that leaps into the wonderment of visiting a new planet like Earth. Thus, music is the galactic language now.”
Seebondie nodded with a smile. “Yes! Yes! Exactly, you are correct. The alien ship must have encountered one of our numerous lost or stolen or destroyed outer space earthling satellites. Since the dawn of the space age, earthlings have been sending out outer space satellites. And one of the outer space satellites found the alien ship or something like that. Then, all the aliens listened to it. Maybe, the recording devise was damaged inside the outer space satellite, so the aliens got all the musical notes all mixed up.”
She smiled. “Yeah, that is a very good explanation, Seebondie. Alright! The first measure of the song is a lowest musical note on the keyboard of G chord which is played by a contrabassoon. Then, the second measure of the alien song leaps up from the low note into a series of high notes that sounds like a shrilling piccolo tone. What other earthling songs could that be similar to that?”
“I don’t know.”
“How do we figure it out?”
Seebondie reached down into the pocket of the blue jeans and pulled out the mobile telephone near a smile. “So we ask the internet. Go and tap into your tiny keyboard on the mobile telephone the musical note G chord. This is too easy. We will solve the alien message first and be famous and rich and rich and famous.”
“I think maybe we should…” 
Seebondie stood upright from the piano bench and side stepped, dancing side to side with a smile. “I found it. I found it. The musical song Over the Rainbow in the year 1938 was written by songwriter Harold Arlen. The song leaps beautifully upward in the first musical frame and then is followed by a downward step of musical notes. Then, the melody leaps upward again. It repeats like here in the alien song,” she sang the song with a smile, “Somewhere over the rainbow way up high. There’s a land that I heard of once in a lullaby,” she stopped the song with a smile and a nod to Motate. “The first musical note of first frame is a low note and then leaps into the melody contrast and then the melody repeats.
Motate smiled. “The Star-Spangled Banner is a perfect melody example of musical notes leaping up within a broken chord which is like an arpeggio.”
Seebondie frowned. “No. I disagree. All the musical notes are going in the wrong direction from highest to lowest.”
“Yeah.”
“We keep looking for a similar musical song that is only known to earthlings. Then we can interpret all the same musical notes and response to the ship.”
“Do you really believe that, Seebondie?”
“Yes, I feel that we are going on the right track.”
Motate exhaled with a puff of frustration while solving the mysterious musical message. “Alright! Let’s proceed on the right track of musical notes,” she looked down with a smile and tapped on the tiny screen of the mobile telephone.
The room was silence for a few minutes.
Seebondie stood in place and pointed down at the tiny screen with a smile. “I found something. This is it. This is the exact musical score. This is the key to translating the alien song which matches an old earthling musical tone. We have the answer. Musical genius Frederic Chopin, in his musical piece Prelude in E Minor for Piano, Op. 28, No. 4 which was written in the year 1839, the first note is the lowest D-chord and then it leaps upward into high D-chord,” she played the music on the mobile telephone with a smile.
Motate shook her pixie with a sour frown. “No. That is not it. The harmony of Chopin is aimless and monotonous while alternating between the D chord and the E chord. At the end of the musical piece, a mild chord is followed by a long pause of no musical notes. The alien song does not pause but ends, where there is truly a message of something for us, earthlings.”
Seebondie moved ahead and sat back down on top of the piano bench, tapping on the tiny keyboard of the mobile telephone with a smile, “Alright! We keep searching.”
Motate frowned down at the tiny screen. “I have come across something interesting. Henry Purcell was called the greatest English composers. He wrote the musical opera Dido and Aeneas in the year 1689. The opera uses a ground bass pattern in both vocal and instrumental music.”
Mass in B Minor was written by music composer Bach, who uses the same musical pattern. The ground bass is repeated over and over again which may be short four notes or eight long measures. This is it.”
“I don’t know.”
“Yes, I do know. This is the specific piece of music that will respond to the aliens. This is Act III of Dida’s Lament,” Motate sung the song with a stern face in a deep voice. “When I am laid, am laid in earth, may my wrongs create…”
“No. That is not it. This is not the response to the alien musical message.”
Motate frowned, “Why not?”
“There are four good reasons. One, I know that song. Two, it is an opera with two singing parts and a stanza for strings and bass instruments. The alien message is only one stanza of low and high chords which does not make any sense. Thus, we cannot response with numerous musical parts. I don’t know how the aliens would response to multi-musical parts. They might get mad. Three, the opera piece is both depressing and sorrow. Four, the tale of the opera involved the two stars, Queen Dido of Cartage and King Aeneas of Troy. After the destruction of the city of Troy, King Aeneas sails to the African seaport of Carthage and sees, falling in love with Queen Dido. Then, a set of witches interfere with the romance. We know too much about the bad side of a witch. So, the gods tell King Aeneas to sail away from the seaport of Carthage. He does with a sad heart and as all his sailors dance and sing on the deck of the sailing ship. Dido is so sad and depressed in Carthage that she kills herself. Yeah, this is another Greek tragedy of the mankind. I do not believe that we should use this musical score. The message to the alien is asking for them to kill themselves.”
Motate nodded with a stern face. “Or the message could be the earthlings to kill themselves as the alien ship sails away from planet Earth. Yeah, I don’t think this is the correct musical score to the alien musical message.”
“We keep looking,” Seebondie sat back down on top of the piano bench with a stern face, tapping on the keyboard of the mobile telephone with a gasp.
“What did you find now?”
Seebondie stared down into the tiny screen of the mobile telephone. “Well, I played the music piece of Mass in B Minor which was written by Bach. The musical piece contrasts and uses duets and choruses. It was original written as church music, but the entire musical work was too lengthy to be used in the church chorus. However, one of the more emotional musical texts that is similar to ground bass pattern within the alien message…”
Motate smiled. “That’s great. We should play this piece back to the aliens.
“The musical movement comes from the Credo, the Crucifixus, where Christ has died. The words of the song sings like this ‘and was crucified also for us under Pontius Pilate. He suffered and was buried.’”
“Okay. That is not the musical response for the aliens. I think we should eliminate all the musical movements that contain a full orchestra and a large chorus of people. The alien message is one stanza from one voice, not a set of varied singing parts from a pair of two aliens.”
Seebondie gasped. “That is going to rule out numerous pieces of earthling musical songs, especially from the Renaissance Age.”
“Yeah, that’s the point to rule out what will not work.”
Seebondie looked down with a stern face at the mobile telephone, tapping on the tiny keyboard. “Alright! I will. So, we continue searching for the musical response to the alien musical message.”
Motate looked up with a smile to the blonde hair roots of Seebondie. “I found something more intriguing. We have ruled out all the orchestra and chorus musical scores. But the alien that sung the song was the female.”
She looked up with a smile and a nod to see Motate. “Yes, she was. How is that important?”
Motate pointed down at the tiny screen on the telephone with a smile. “I have found a musical piece by a female composer. She wrote poetry and music. Nun Hildegard of Bingen wrote the musical chant O successors. Hildegard was a creative person who lived through the Middle Ages. The chant was sung by a group of nuns in praise of Brother Jesus. This is it. This is the key that we have been seeking.”
Seebondie laughed. “Well, tell, belle!”
Motate winked with a smile. “This Georgian chant from Nun Hildegard of Bingen is written a single melodic line without a piano keyboard or a tooting flute or a rolling drum. The melody is sing by a female. The chant has one to four notes to each syllable and many notes sung at the end. This is exactly like the alien mysterious musical message. The chant possesses a wide pitch range from low to high registers. Finally, the chant reaches larger pitch range, more wide leaps, and a feeling of motion and progression. This is it. This is the musical piece that we were seeking to response ‘the mmm.’”
“Yes, this is it. We need to test our working theory.”
Motate frowned. “How do we do that?”
“We play that music piece from Nun Hildegard of Bingen in front of the transparency window of the alien ship to the pair of naked aliens.”
Motate gasped. “Should we do that?”
She smiled, “Yeah, mama! We are here to figure out the response to the alien mysterious musical message. Let’s go and find Idée! We need to tell her the good news of our progress.”
Motate slowly stood upright from the sofa with a laugh and held an electronic keyboard that would be used to play the new piece of music to the aliens. “Forget about finding Idée! Let’s go and find the president! We need to tell her the good news instead. We have found the response to the alien mysterious musical message.”
“Yes! We leave the Yellow Oval room and run downstairs to the Oval Office, where the president stays.”
They exited the room and dashed down the staircase, running through the open archway into the Oval Office, stopping and stood in front of the presidential desk.


Oval Office setting


The grayish colored hair roots of the president lifted up into the air and as the pair of eyeballs stared at Motate and Seebondie with a stern face. Madam President continued to sit behind the president desk. “What did you find?”
Seebondie stood in place and nodded with a smile. “We have found the music for the response back to the aliens.”
Motate stood beside Seebondie and cuddled the instrument with a grin, “The musical response to the aliens is a specific piece of music that contains the same tone color, dynamics, and pitch. This piece of music holds all the elements that match the alien song. We wanna go and play the musical piece to the aliens and talk to them.”
“Grab one of the fur coats on top of the sofa.” Madam President swiftly stood upright with a nod and smile of hope and side stepped, turning to the side and dashed ahead, reaching down, grabbing the fur clothing for the cold winter inside the tunnel. She dressed in the winter gear and raced with the winter gear through the open archway of the Oval Office first. “We exit through the front door and enter the tunnel. I will drive us inside the golf kart towards the alien ship. Once I stop, you will play the musical piece. Then if you can get the aliens to talk, you must leave. The first contact conversation is private between me and the alien. Do you understand?”
Seebondie dashed behind the back spine of the president and slipped on the winter coat of a hat, a pair of gloves, and the coat. “Yes ma’am!” Motate rushed beside Seebondie and slowly sipped on the winter coat while handling the electronic keyboard with a smile without the vocal acknowledgement to the president.


Front porch entrance setting


The door slid open by a White House guard. Madam President moved ahead through the open archway with a smile and stopped, climbing into the driver’s seat of the golf kart, starting the tiny motor, hearing the buzzing sound. Motate and Seebondie exited the building without staring at the shiny silver interior of the tunnel, sliding down into the long rear seat of the golf kart in silence.
Madam President pressed the gas pedal and swiftly drove down a familiar carpet of light blue hue, without looking at each wooden stove while feeling the warm heat coming out from the fire, wearing the fur coat and furry gloves with a smile. She was going to finally talk to the aliens and find out their purpose and intent on planet Earth.
Motate looked down and practiced the Gregorian chant with nervousness, since she was going to play the musical piece to the aliens. Then the aliens would talk or maybe open the alien door, stepping out into the world of Earth.
Seebondie bounced up and down with excitement on top of the rear bench seat with Motate while admiring the shiny silver triangular shape of the tunnel, the rot and peeling pale blue tinted carpet, and each wooden stove. The air temperature was slightly chilled, not freezing cold. The rays of dull sunshine beamed down onto the tent fabric creating a set of rainbow colored streaks on each tent walls. The homemade tunnel was silence except for the whispering wind, the loud buzzing sound of the moving golf kart, and her mouth breathing of anticipation of meeting a new race of aliens from another world for the first time.
The kart trip was quick in a moving vehicle. Madam President slowed the kart and stopped a few feet from the set of four steps in red tinted metal, sliding out from the driver’s seat without turning off the kart engine, standing upright and dashed ahead toward the ship with a grin. “Hurry! Hurry! Climb up each step and stand on top of the flat platform in front of only opening that is exhibited on the entire alien ship. Play the new piece of song to the aliens, who hide behind the glass wall.”
Motate and Seebondie slid out from the rear seat, run over the soggy carpet, climbed each metal step, and stopped, standing in front of the glass window with a nervous giggle and a grin. Each female could see only an environment of red drifting air molecules with a gasp.
“Play the new song!” Madam President exhaled with a puff of nervousness at a back spine of each female, standing off to the side of the steps but close enough to see the glass window.
Motate held out the electronic keyboard in the air as Seebondie held both arms as the stand. Then Motate placed both hands over the keyboard and pressed down onto each chords of the Gregorian musical chant O successors.
At the echo of the first musical note, inside the glass window of the alien ship, the pair of aliens appeared again within the red tinted air. Each human-like alien possessed a head of black colored long hair down to the shoulder, a tone of pale tinted skin, a pair of blue colored eyeballs, a pair of red tinted lips on a naked body that clearly distinguished between a male and a female.
Madam President tossed both arms with a smile and watched the aliens also. “Play the song!”
Motate finished the short and baritone chant with a smile, looking up to see the aliens.
Inside the glass window of the alien ship, the pair of aliens stared with a silly smirk and a chin tilt at Motate and Seebondie without singing a new musical song or speaking a new work or grunting a new sound.
Madam President gasped at the pretty two aliens. “The aliens didn’t hear it. Play the song again!”
Motate frowned at the two aliens. “No. That is not the correct piece of music to tease the aliens into communication. But I have other sonatas underneath my furry coat,” she reached down and played the keyboard with the musical song: Alleluia: Nativitas by songwriter Perotin. She finished the song and looked up with a smile to see the aliens.
Inside the glass window of the alien ship, the pair of aliens stared with a silly smirk and a chin tilt at Motate and Seebondie without singing a new musical song or speaking a new work or grunting a new sound.
Motate frowned at the two aliens. “It is not that one,” she reached down and played the keyboard with the musical song: Prelude in E Minor for Piano, Op. 28, No. 4 by song composer Chopin. She finished the song and looked up with a smile to see the aliens.
Inside the glass window of the alien ship, the pair of aliens stared with a silly smirk and a chin tilt at Motate and Seebondie without singing a new musical song or speaking a new work or grunting a new sound.
Motate frowned at the two aliens. “Nope!” She reached down and played the keyboard with the musical song: Dido and Aeneas: Dida’s Lament by song composer Henry Purcell. She finished the song and looked up with a smile to see the aliens.
Inside the glass window of the alien ship, the pair of aliens stared with a silly smirk and a chin tilt at Motate and Seebondie without singing a new musical song or speaking a new work or grunting a new sound.
Motate frowned at the two aliens. “No!” She reached down and played the keyboard with the musical song: Mass in B Minor by song composer Bach. She finished the song and looked up with a smile to see the aliens.
Inside the glass window of the alien ship, the pair of aliens stared with a silly smirk and a chin tilt at Motate and Seebondie without singing a new musical song or speaking a new work or grunting a new sound.
Madam President shouted out loud in fury and watched the quiet pair of naked aliens. “It is not working. Stop playing!”
Motate smiled with a nod at each alien. “I know that. But I have one more musical song,” she reached down and pressed the play button. The keyboard speaker replayed the first alien song. The range of musical notes came from the wordless song was structured based on the musical scale as G1, A0, A7, A7, A4, E1, E1, A0, A7, A7, A6, A0, A7, A2, A0, A7, A7, G1, A0, A7, A7, A5. She finished the song and looked up with a smile to see the aliens.
Madam President gasped in alarm. “What in the hell did you do, Motate?”
Motate smiled. “I created a reaction from the aliens.”
The human-like male blinked both eyelashes open and shut, tilting a chin to the side, opening the mouth. He sung in low musical note out loud which penetrated the solid glass wall into each pair of eardrums and then shifted a chin to the other side, singing with a set of different musical notes. He continued to sing and shift a chin side to side. She finally finished singing the tune and closed the lips, blinking both eyelashes open and close, staring with a smile at Motate without a set of words. The range of musical notes from a wordless song had been musical structured based on the musical scale and sounded to each pair of human eardrums as A0, A7, A7, A7, A0, A0, A7, A7, A4, A0, A7, A7, A0, A7, A2, A0, A7, A7, G1, A0, A7, A7, A5. Then, the song stopped. The human-like male blinked both eyelashes open and shut along with the alien female, staring at Motate with a silly smirk without singing a song or talking with a set of words or grunting a set of new sounds.
Madam President stared at two aliens with a sneer. “Why in the fuck did you do that, Motate?”
Motate nodded with a smile at the two aliens. “I replayed the same musical phrase that the female alien had played first to you, Madam President.”
Madam President stared at two aliens with a sneer. “What in the shit for, Motate?”
Motate smiled at the two aliens. “Look! It was a chance that I took. The chance paid off glorious. Now, we have a second musical song. Now, we possess more information from the aliens, specifically the male alien. Now, we can work better with more musical notes from the aliens.”
Madam President growled with worry. “Or you made have gotten us attacked. Or worse, the aliens could be threatening us and we don’t even know it.”
Motate nodded with a smile to each alien. “No. I don’t believe that to be so, Madam President. The alien ship has been hovering here for four days and nights. There has been no hostage act toward an earthling or you, since this is your new residential home. And no one with a sane mine would fight in the nude, even an alien.” Seebondie did not bounce up and down with excitement but smiled, since she held the delicate electronic keyboard, staring at the aliens.
“Go and get back into the golf kart,” Madam President spun around and dashed ahead over the carpet towards the kart with a worried brow. “We’re going back to the White House.”
“That is an excellent idea, Madam President!” Motate reached over and grabbed the keyboard from Seebondie with a smile. “We need to decipher the new song and then compare to the old alien song.” Motate back stepped with a giggle and spun around, slowly moving down each metal step with a grin. Seebondie followed in silence with a grin.
Madam President slid back down inside the driver’s seat and placed both hands onto the steering wheel, staring at a back spine of each band member with a sneer. “Get back into the kart right now. I would fire both of you on the cold spot, if I didn’t have a backup plan to solve the mmm.”
Motate and Seebondie moved ahead and slid back into the rear seat of the golf kart in silence. Madam President slammed the gear in reverse and backed up the kart, turning around, speeding back down the shiny silver tinted interior tunnel with a sneer of fury.
Inside the golf kart in the rear seat, Seebondie leaned over with a smile into the cheekbone of Motate. “Thanks!”
Motate smiled with a whisper, “For what?”
“You played my selected pieces of music to the aliens. They did not respond. But that was nice of you.”
Motate smiled. “Welcome.”


3:33 pm
White House location
Front porch entrance setting


The golf kart skidded to a halt over the partly wet and frozen pale blue carpet, stopping sideways in front of the flat front porch. Madam President slid out of the driver’s seat without killing the buzzing engine with a sneer and moved ahead through the open archway where one of the guards had opened the closed door with a stern face in silence. 
Inside the interior setting, Madam President marched ahead and spun around to face the open archway, wearing the winter coat, watching the open archway with a sneer.
Seebondie entered the building first with a smile in silence and stopped, standing in front of the president.
Motate entered the building next and stopped beside Seebondie, wearing a smile to the new president, “Don’t be mad, Madam President. Be grateful! Seebondie and I have made more progress with the communication from the two aliens without the famous gang of rich musicians who got paid with silver, gold or platinum. Put both of the alien songs on the same gigantic television plasma screen inside our yellow tinted work room on the second floor, please. I want one song below the other one, so we can continue to analyze both of them together. And I want a musical computer program that can imprint all the musical notations installed and displayed on the same gigantic television plasma screen with the two alien songs. Don’t sweat off your ugly wrinkles, Madam President! Seebondie and I are getting closer to solving the silly mmm or the mysterious musical message. Then we will leave. Then you can talk and have tea with the aliens. I don’t care. Now, get working for me!” She moved ahead with Seebondie and climbed up the staircase while ripping off the fur coat from a body, dropping it over the floor with a smile.
“Yeah,” Madam President spun around with a sneer and watched the back spine of Motate and Seebondie.


Oval Room setting


Inside the Yellow Oval Room, the two females entered the room and split apart. Motate moved ahead and stopped, standing in front of the food table, selecting an empty plate, filling it with food with a smile and soft hum of an old musical song.
Seebondie turned to the side and veered towards the piano bench, sitting down and played the second musical song from memory, pondering the meaning of the two alien songs.
Motate swiftly spun around with a smile as some of the food times flew off from the plate, landing over the floor. She moved ahead and flattened the wet food items down into the floor for fun with a laugh. “Do you have a day job, Seebondie?” She stopped and back stepped, sitting down in the single chair, staring at the grand piano and the back spine of Seebondie.
Seebondie replayed the new alien song. “I am a music teacher in Miami.”
“Do you like your day job?”
She replayed the alien song again on the piano. “I like my job. You are a musician. I have heard your work. It is very good.”
She chewed and swallowed the food with a grin, “Thanks!”
She replayed the song on the piano. “Do you have other hobbies beside playing the guitar and creating music, Motate?”
She chewed and swallowed the food with a grin, “Music.”
She replayed the first alien song with a smile. “You are a lady of few words. I play the piano and other instruments while teaching young teenagers. However, I dreamed of being a rock and roll star and failed. Now, I dream of being an author of books.”
“What kind of books?” Motate finished the food with a loud burp and stood upright from the chair, leaning over and place the dirty food plate on top of the low table.
She continued to replay the second alien song on the piano. “I enjoy writing science fiction books as a hobby for fun.”
Motate turned and moved to the wall of musical instruments, reaching down and picked up a tambourine, shaking it for fun. “What kind of science fiction books?”
“Thanks for asking! I find it very intriguing here, since I like to write about aliens, who do visit planet Earth, but my books are all different.”
Motate replaced the tambourine back onto the stand and scooted sideways, stopping, reaching down and picked up a clarinet, fingering the keys on it for fun without musical sound. “That is a common theme in science fiction. Why is your science fiction book different?”
She played the alien song again. “When I received a telephone call from the president…”
Motate dropped the clarinet down to the breasts with a gasp. “The president called you personally.”
She played the song again. “Yes, she called me on my personal mobile telephone, offered me the job and the money to come here to the White House. I was both impressed and excited and accepted immediately.”
She frowned. “The president called you. I am impressed too.”
“I wasn’t afraid to accept the job offer. Actually, I only wanted the experience as material to write a new alien book.”
Motate spun around and replaced the clarinet back onto the free stand and scooted sideways, stopping, reaching down and picked up a trombone with a sour frown, sliding it back and forth without musical sound. “The president called you to come here for a job to talk to the aliens. I am impressed.”
“I like to read about alien books. However, each alien book always ends the same old way which is both predictable and boring.”
Motate replaced the trombone back onto the free stand and scooted sideways, stopping, reaching down and picked up the trumpet, fingering the three keys with a sour frown without playing the instrument. “The president called you to come here for a job to talk to the aliens. I am jealousy.”
“So, I like to write my alien book, where the alien visits the planet. Then, the alien wins the battle and secures the world for greed, selfishness, and then terminates all the earthlings for fun and glory or gory. What do you think?” Seebondie stopped the song and spun around to face Motate.
Motate replaced the trumpet back onto the free stand and scooted sideways, stopping, reaching down and picked up the guitar, wrapping it around the neck, strumming some of the strings with a sour frown. “The president called you to come here for a job to talk to the aliens. I am envious.”
The gigantic screen on the entrance wall illuminated with an array of bright flashes of colors. Then, the screen presented a single row of each alien song.
Motate continued to lightly strum the strings of the guitar with a smile and stared at the back spine of Seebondie. Seebondie continued to take turns playing each alien song on the piano. Motate smiled. “On a guitar neck, there is a set of six strings. A new student uses the fingers to press down the strings and create a chord.”
She continued to replay the second alien song from memory with a smile. “I know that.”
“Can you play a guitar?” Motate strummed the guitar with a smile.
She continued to replay the first alien song from memory with a smile. “No.”
Motate lightly strummed the guitar with a smile. “Guitar fingering is a very important issue when learning a guitar chord. The fingering is important to learn to transition from the G chord to the C chord, which is easy. Then, the student is taught to transition from G chord to the G7 chord which is very common with the fingers. There are seven basic guitar chords.”
“What does that mean?” She continued to replay the first alien song from memory with a smile.
“I don’t know. I thought that I would share with you that information while I strummed on the guitar and you played on the piano,” Motate strummed on the guitar and turned to face the wall screen with a gasp at the two alien songs, holding the guitar. “Come and look at this on the screen with the two alien songs, Seebondie. I find the placement of each musical note on the staff as very strange, very weird, very odd, and very intriguing. It is almost like each note has a meaning, not the entire song.”
Seebondie stopped the piano playing and scooted the piano bench backwards from the keyboard, standing upright from the bench, side stepping from the piano. “I find that the two alien songs are very similar in musical construction and I can’t figure out why either. Some of the musical notes are the same,” she turned to face the fireplace and moved ahead towards Motate and the plasma screen with a smile.
Motate continued to wear the guitar around a neck without strumming the strings, staring at eh wall screen of musical notes with a smile. “Yes. I am seeing the same similar notes here on the plasma screen. There are two different alien songs with a set of similar musical note sequences. Why is that?”
Seebondie stopped with a smile and stood beside Motate with a giggle. “Because, the aliens are repeating the same message in a different way to the earthlings. I can see a true pattern forming here between the two aliens songs which I could not have seen, if you hadn’t replayed the first alien song back to the aliens which was against the wishes of Madam President. The first alien song is G1, A0, A7, A7, A4, E1, E1, A0, A7, A7, A6, A0, A7, A2, A0, A7, A7, G1, A0, A7, A7, A5. Now, the second alien song is A0, A7, A7, A7, A0, A0, A7, A7, A4, A0, A7, A7, A0, A7, A2, A0, A7, A7, G1, A0, A7, A7, A5,” she leaned over with a smile to the side table and picked up the dry eraser in red hue, standing upright and moved ahead towards the screen, stopping and stood in middle of the plasma. “I can see and you can see too that this is like a puzzle. The last eleven musical notes are exactly the same on each alien song. Why? I don’t know. What for? I don’t know. However, the first and second songs also share another subset of musical notes of A0, A7, A7, A4 for some reason.”
“Yes, I see that now.”
Seebondie leaned over and draw an individual red tinted vertical line while creating a new subset of musical notes. “Now, I am placing a vertical line between the exact note phrases that match in both songs. There is a vertical line between the first musical one of G1 and the second musical note of A0 on the first alien song. There is a second vertical line between eleventh musical note of A6 and the twelfth musical note of A0 on the first alien song. I am placing a set of vertical lines between thirteenth musical note of A7 and the fourteenth musical note of A0 on the second alien song. Now, we have found and agreed that the meter is really weird and doesn’t make any sense. We have found and agreed that tempo doesn’t matter.”
Motate nodded with a smile. “It is not a musical song without a meter, a tempo, and a rhythm. It is a truly a structured sentence based on the lowest register of a musical instrument like a piano or a contrabassoon.” 
Seebondie frowned at the wall screen of musical notes. “How did you figure that out? I don’t agree.”
Motate reached over and grabbed the red marker with a chuckle from the hand of Seebondie. “Hey!” Seebondie frowned.
Motate leaned over and drew a set of additional vertical lines between the musical notes that separated the song into segments, standing upright, back stepping with a smile at the screen. “Look at that now! I followed your ingenious idea. I placed a vertical line between each musical note of A0. Now, I see that the first musical note of G chord is really a human word. The second through four musical notes, it forms another human word which is also listed exactly the same in the second alien song. The fifth and sixth notes together form a new word. The seventh through tenth musical notes form a new word also. Do you see the pattern here?”
Seebondie bounced up and down with a smile of excitement. Yes. Yes. I see it too. The lowest register pitch on a piano is the musical note of A0. So, the aliens have used the universal sign of music to send us a simple alien message. Within the alien message, they have separated the words by the first note on a piano keyboard, the A0. This is really brilliant of them, since they can’t speak our human earthling language.”
Motate laughed. “I thought all higher forms of life could learn and speak a new language faster than a human.”
Seebondie flipped a hand with a smile. “That concept exists only in a science fiction entertainment movie or best selling reading novel. What are the new words within the alien song?”
“I don’t know, but I have another idea. If each subset is a new human word, let’s write down all the letters and see if it forms something that is familiar to earthlings.  I see specific alphabetic letters of GAEEAAGAA on the first alien song.” The first alien song showed: G1, A0, A7,A7, A4, E1,E1, A0, A7, A7, A6, A0, A7, A2, A0, A7, A7, G1, A0, A7, A7, A5.
Seebondie frowned. “I see the specific alphabetic letters of AAAAAGAA on the second song which means nothing to me.”
Motate smiled. “Gggg…aaa…eee…aaaa…ggg….aaa that is the sound from the first alien song which means nothing to me.”
“Let’s separate all the letters with space to see if there is a meaning in earthling terms. G…A…E…E…AA…G…AA,” Seebondie frowned, “Nothing again!”
Motate frowned. “I think it should be separated as G…A…EE…A…AGAA. The last eleven notes of each alien song are the same subset of notes which must be the same set of words on each sentence.”
Seebondie nodded with a smile. “Good point! But, I don’t see any message here that is related to the human language.”
“We are not done here. Now, let’s read it out loud like a sentence, not sound it out with each letter. G…a...e…a…ag. G…a…and…ee. G and E and ag. That still does not make any sense to me.”
Seebondie exhaled. “The second alien song is A…A…A…A…AGAA. Arg! That is the only human sound I can make from the weird letter sequence.”
“The matching subset on both the first and second alien song is the four notes of A0, A7, A7, A4. I think that word could be ‘and.’ Within the first alien song, the ‘and’ is connecting the letters G and EE. In the second alien song, it should read like A and A…ag. That makes some sense. But what are the rest of the human words?”
Seebondie turned and smiled at the nose profile of Motate. “Let’s us think like an alien! If I landed on a strange world and could not speak the native language, what would I ask the new native? Go on instinct with your gut!”
Motate turned and laughed at Seebondie. “Who are you?”
Seebondie nodded with a smile, “Exactly! The first alien song is equal to that sentence. But there are five words that form the sentence structure, not three. So the aliens are compounding two different questions together. What would be your second question, if you had landed on a different planet in an Earth space ship?”
Motate laughed. “Where am I?”
Seebondie turned and nodded at the wall screen of musical notes, “Precisely! So the aliens have asked two questions within the first alien musical song which has confused the simply minded earthlings. I read the first alien song as G and EE…AGAA. I believe that the EE letters, which are two musical notes, is the single human word, where. So, the complete human sentence reads as G and where am I?”
Motate laughed at the wall screen of musical notes, “Geez! And where the hell am I?”
She turned and frowned at the nose profile of her coworker. “No, Motate!”
Motate continued to laugh and nod at the wall screen of musical notes. “Well, I would shout out loud that question, if I had landed on a foreign planet.”
“The first alien song might be translated into: G and where am I? What does the letter G stand for in the alien song?”
Motate smiled. “Go back to your first question which would come from you as the alien on a foreign non-breathing planet like the aliens! It would be, who. Who are you?”
Seebondie gasped in shock. “Who and where am I? That makes perfect sense. Now, we know that the two naked aliens are lost and need our help to…to find their home.”
Motate nodded with a smile. “Who and where am I? I think that you figured it out, babe.”
She leaned over and bumped into the shoulder of Motate with a smile. “We figured it out, partner. We are the musical team. The second alien song is kinda repeating the same message by using the same set of musical notes, because the earthlings can’t figure out how to respond to the musical language. AA and AA am I? What is the meaning of pairs of double A’s?”
“Well, we didn’t answer the first alien question, so the aliens asked it again.”
“The other musician tried to answer the question and failed with an alien response, because no one called me on the first day of the alien arrival.”
Motate laughed. “Madam President didn’t call me on the phone or offer me money either.”
“How did you get here inside the White House, if you were not invited by Madam President?”
Motate laughed.  “On my private jet from California, then the limousine driver at the Washington DC airport picked me up and drove me here. Then I invaded the room on the second floor of the White House for fun. The White House security guards thought I was one of the lost musicians and let me into the building. I am here for free. But I wanted to come and see the alien ship and the alien ship. I arrived here at the White House after the grand musical concert with the aliens.”
Seebondie frowned. “I heard something about a free musical concert here at the White House as the media reporters reported on the millions of teenagers that invaded the falling snowflakes on the cold winter here in Washington DC. What grand musical concert with the aliens?”
“Each musician or band had performed and played one of their favorite songs in front of the glass window on the alien ship like we did. The aliens appeared after the first musical song of the first song from the first musician group but didn’t bother to react or response or repeat any of the musical notes. After the last musical note ended, the aliens continued to stand there in the nude with a silly smirk without providing a new musical song.”
Seebondie buzzed the lips. “It is obvious to me. We can’t sing in their musical language. So if one of the other musicians had bothered to replay the first alien message, then Madam President would have gotten more information from the aliens to communicate better with the aliens.
“So, we did and got the next task.”
Seebondie turned and frowned at the wall screen with the musical notes. “Hmm! The pair of naked aliens had appeared a second time and then had listened to each unique and different musical piece from each famous musician. Maybe, the second alien question is not related to the aliens but to the clown show of musicians.”
Motate frowned at the nose profile of Seebondie. “What does that mean? What do you mean?”
Seebondie stared at the screen with a stern face. “The subset of musical notes consisting of A0, A7, A7, A4 is a repeating phrase or word in both of the two alien songs. The subset of the musical notes represents the human word, and. If the first alien song is: who and where am I, then the second alien song is: what and why are they?”
She frowned. “However, the last eleven notes match in both of the two alien songs. So, that means the translation of ‘am I’ is all wrong.”
Seebondie pointed to the screen with the notes with a nod. “Yes, I would guess here, since I am guessing here. The eleven musical notes represent one human word, not two human words. If I guessed the fill in the blanks like I did in my English Literature class in the ninth grade when I didn’t study for my academic test, I would guess the human word, this. What and why is this? Who and where is this? That would make the alien question much more clearly and coherent.”
“So the last eleven notes of each alien song could be the human word, this,” Motate leaned over and drew a set of vertical lines between each musical note of A0 on the second alien song, standing upright with a smile at the wall of notes, “It is a perfect match, kiddo! Look at that! The last eleven musical notes are broken by start of A0 and the end of A5 musical notes into four perfect parts or portions. You said it is four different letters. The four letters fit perfectly between each vertical line that represents the four letters: t…h…i...s.” Motate turned with a smile to see the nose profile of Seebondie. “That is brilliant. That is the answer. That makes perfect sense, Seebondie.”
Seebondie turned and frowned to Motate.  “It makes perfect sense to me and you, Motate. How do you present it to Madam President?”
Motate smiled. “We don’t.”
She gasped, “Why not?”
Motate continued to smile. “We must figure out a musical response for each of the two alien questions. We are only half-way there, babe.”
Seebondie gasped. “Of course, we have kinda figured out the essence of each alien song. Now, what is the proper musical response?”
Motate laughed. “I asked you that alien questions first.”
Seebondie turned with a nod and a smile to see the wall screen of musical notes of two alien songs. “We have translated the alien song into a set of human words, sorta. This is too easy.”
Motate gasped at the nose profile of Seebondie. “How is it too easy?”
Seebondie reached out and tapped on the screen with a smile. “The musical response must be human. We are called humans. I don’t know the name or species of visiting aliens and what they are called. That is too complex to ask the aliens that question. So we should response with a simple musical song back to the aliens. We must response with the word, human.”
Motate turned with a confused brow to see the wall screen of musical notes of two alien songs. “How do we response with the word, human?”
She tapped on the screen with a smile. “We use what the aliens give us which are two alien songs as the musical source code to create a human musical song. The first musical note G chord has been translated into the human word, who. The last eleven notes are broken or parted or separated by a set of vertical lines. Each A0 musical note represents a letter. The letters are t…h…i…s.”
I don’t see it or hear it. How do we response back to the aliens with the human word, humans.”
We create a musical song with the first musical note for the word human with G chord which translates into who. Then we use the second musical letter in the first alien song A chord which translates into the word, and. Do you get it?”
Motate frowned. “No. I don’t get it or understand it or see it, Seebondie.”
Seebondie laughed. “Think of it this way, musically! We play the two separate musical notes of a song with the G chord and then the A chord which translates into the alien word language of Who…and. Whoand. Hhh…mand…” She giggled.
Motate laughed with a nod. “Who. Who. Who…and…and…and. Human. I get it and understand it. How do we explain it to the Madam President?”
“Forget her! We do not explain. We create and let her listen to our creations. She is not going to believe us this time. We must prove our working theory with the musical notes. So we create a musical song and respond to the aliens. I wanna play the short musical toes on the piano. You will record it on the something.”
Motate back stepped and spun around, moving to the electronic keyboard on the free stand with a smile. “I got a better idea. This electronic keyboard can play and record the musical song that will be replayed t the aliens.”
Seebondie crossed both arms with a pout. “Poo! I wanna do it. You did it last time.”
Motate stopped and stood in front of the line of musical instruments in front of the row of windows, reaching out and touched, grabbing the electronic keyboard with a sigh. “You are correct. I did play to the aliens last time,” she cuddled the keyboard into a chest and spun around with a smile, moving ahead and stopped, extending the electronic keyboard to Seebondie with a nod. “You can play the musical song for the naked aliens. I will press the record button on the panel of the keyboard to record your new song. Does that work?”
Seebondie accepted the keyboard and spun around, moving ahead, stopping and squatted down in front of the piano bench on both kneecaps. She needed a long hard surface to place the keyboard devise and accurately press all the correct musical keys for the correct musical song to respond to the two aliens questions. “Yes, that works fine. I am ready. Are you ready?”
Motate followed behind the back spine of Seebondie and stopped, squatting down at the end of the piano bench near the elbow of Seebondie, reaching out and held a finger over the red tinted record button on the control at the top of the keyboard with a smile. “Yes, I am ready. Go!”
Seebondie held both hands over the keyboard that shook a little from too much human excitement and exhaled with a puff of nervousness, slowly dropping the correct fingers over the correct musical notes. Motate pressed the red tinted button that started the recording with a smile in silence. Seebondie played out loud on the keyboard the musical notes sequence of G1, A0, A7, A7, A4 with a smile.
Motate reached over and hit the green button on top of the panel of the keyboard that locked in the musical song from Seebondie with a smile. “We did it,” she stood upright from the floor and reached down, grabbing the electronic keyboard with a smile. 
Seebondie stood upright from the floor with a smile and a nod to Motate. “We did it. Let’s go and see Madam President. She is located inside the Oval Office again,” she turned to face the closed doors inside the Yellow Oval Room with a giggle of excitement.
Motate cuddled the keyboard into a chest and spun around, dashing ahead and stopped, reaching out, touching the door knob. The door opened. She gasped in alarm.
Outside the entrance doors of the Yellow Oval Room on the second floor, the young military solider in a set of green and beige military gear with a shoulder rifle spun around with a smile to see Motate, “Hi there! Do you need some assistance, Miss Musician?”
Seebondie moved ahead and stopped beside Motate. Motate growled at the young soldier. “What are you?”
He smiled with a nod. “I am the new security guard that has been assigned to guard your life by Secretary of the Defense Vivacy…”
Motate sneered, “Vivacy! We need to see Madam President, not Vivacy, right now. We have solved the two alien songs.”
He smiled. “Well, that is fine and dandy to hear! I will contact Vivacy on my personal mobile telephone for you. She ordered me to call her, if you needed assistance in there.”
Motate cuddled the keyboard into the breasts with a growl. “I do not need assistance. I need to see the alien ship and play the new human musical song to the pair of naked aliens.”
The mobile telephone connected as he talked with Vivacy and smiled at Motate. “Hello, Vivacy! The two musicians have opened the doors and went to see you about the musical song.” He paused and listened to the one-side conversation. “Yes ma’am! I will inform that information to the two musicians,” he disconnected and dropped down the mobile telephone onto the side table near the entrance door with a smile. “Vivacy is coming right up to assist both of you. Please return back into the warm room for a few more moments.”
On top of the staircase, Vivacy appeared at the top step with a smirk and advanced ahead towards the military solider and the room, leading an older and tired looking madam president. She stopped and stood in front of the open archway with a smirk. “What trouble have you, two musicians created this item?”
Motate growled into the nose bridge of Vivacy. “We don’t create trouble. We create music. We have decoded the two separate alien songs. Now, we have a human response back to the aliens in the form of musical song.”
“I want to hear it first, before I approve it to be released in front of the aliens.”
Motate snarled. “You are not in charge of this project.”
“I am in charge of security here at the White House and around the alien ship. Go and get back inside the room. I wanna here the recording first.”
On top of the second floor, Madam President slowly moved ahead and entered the open side of the archway with a stern face. “I want you to explain to me how you decoded the two alien songs. We didn’t do it right the first time. Now, we did it right the second time. How? What? Why?” she stopped and spun around, sitting in a single chair in front of the band instruments.
Seebondie back stepped from the open archway and military solider, spinning around with a stern face, moving ahead and turned to face the wall screen of musical notes with a fake smile. “Everyone, come inside and sit down like a classroom of elementary students. I will explain what Motate and I have found.”
Vivacy shoved into the arm of Motate with a soft chuckle and moved ahead, stopping and stood in the middle of the room in silence, staring at the wall screen with the two alien songs and the set of weird markings over each musical note that had been done by the two musicians.
She exhaled at the screen. “Motate, I need your help here. Come over here, please!” Seebondie spun around to face Vivacy and Madam President with a fake smile. “The first alien song and the second alien song possess the same musical notes which have allowed us to decipher into a set of familiar human words. The musical note sequence pattern of A0, A7, A7, A4 is the human word, and. You can see that we also labeled each human word over a single musical note or a group of musical notes. The first alien song is asking: Who and where is this? The aliens want to know who we are. The second alien song is repeating a similar question which was constructed after the barge of musicians who preformed a musical concert in front of the glass window without an alien response. The second alien song is asking: What and why is this?”
Vivacy pointed at the wall screen of musical notes with a stern face. “How did you figure this out?”
Seebondie nodded with a fake smile. “We used a complex set of musical…musical measurements. Music is an art form and a set of mathematical notes which are assigned alphabetic letters, such like, A, B, C, D, E, F, G. We mixed and matched all the known and numerous style of music that came from all over the world. We used the modern day musical techniques plus the Tala rhythm that comes from the country of India. The musical notes date back to 3,000 years, which is the oldest music in the world. The Tala rhythmic structure consists of repeated cycle of beats. The beat cycles range from three to hundred beats in length. Then, we combined it with the Koto music of whole notes which was created back over 1,000 years. The Koto uses…”
Vivacy exhaled with a puff of frustration. “Where are your working papers with these musical measurements and formulas?”
“We worked it out in our minds. We are musicians with a piano, not warriors with a handgun.”
“Enough!” Madam President stood upright with a sour frown to see Seebondie. “You have created and recorded a musical song from the earthling to play for the aliens right now.”
Seebondie nodded with a smile. “Yes ma’am! Based on our musical formulas, this is the correct musical response that will answer the posed two alien songs. We played and recorded on an electronic keyboard to ensure the best volume and sound.”
Madam President smiled with a nod. “Good! Take the electronic keyboard and run down to the alien ship. Play it to the aliens, Vivacy!”
“No.” Motate shouted out loud and cuddled the keyboard into her breasts with a worried brow. “She is not a musician. I am the musician. I need to play the musical song for the aliens.”
Madam President growled at Motate. “You are the two worker bees that have stung my honeycomb once. I do not allow my honeycomb to be stung for second time. Take the keyboard and play it for the aliens, right now, Vivacy.” Vivacy moved ahead and reached out, snatching the keyboard from the loose arms of Motate, spinning around to face the open archway and left the room with a smile in silence. Madam President sneered at the two musicians. “If the musical song opens up the communication with the aliens, then you will be gone from here immediately,” she moved ahead and exited the room.
Seebondie and Motate gasped in alarm. They both spun around and followed the back spine of the president, stopping inside the open archway.
Outside on top of the open hallway in the middle of the second floor, Vivacy stopped and stood in front of an older military soldier, extending the electronic keyboard with the new musical song onto the open arms of the male. She reached down into the jacket and whipped her mobile telephone, placing it near the speaker on the small portal electronic keyboard, swishing the recorder button on the telephone. Then she reached out and hit the play button on the electronic keyboard. The musical song played out loud as Vivacy recorded it on her personal mobile telephone with a smile.
Seebondie gasped in shock at the work of Vivacy. “She is stealing our work.”
Motate laughed. “We are working for the US Federal Government, girl. It is their work.”
“She is re-recording it on her personal mobile telephone. Why would she do that?”
Motate smiled at the work of Vivacy. “A mobile telephone is easier to tote around than that heavy piece of plastic and electronics on a sixty-six sized keyboard. A mobile telephone recording plays just as clear as the keyboard. A mobile telephone cannot be stolen by anyone else, in case, our musical song is the right one. I guess, we wait and see what happens with the aliens.”
Vivacy reached out and pressed the stop button on the keyboard, reaching back, stopping the record button on her personal mobile telephone and looked up with a smile to see the two musicians inside the archway. She nodded with a smile. The entrance door slammed shut with the young military solider outside who guarded the room for trouble.
Inside the room, Seebondie frowned down at the floor. “This will work.”
Motate spun around and moved ahead, stopping and stared outside the window that only view the backyard of the White House with a stern face. “We should be playing our musical song.”
She continued to stare down at the dirty floor with a worried brow. “This will work.”
“You do not seem too positive here, Seebondie.”
“I am positive that I wanna leave from here the White House. Maybe, I might leave. Maybe, I might quit when Vivacy returns back with the keyboard.”
No. Don’t be a quitter! Don’t quit on me! I wanna stay and help communicate with the aliens. If we are wrong, then we are wrong. There is no one else to help. What is the US Federal Government going to do next? Leave the ship there for the next 1,000 or years. I will be dead by then,” Motate laughed.
The side wall that displayed the stationary red tinted metal mushroom shaped alien ship which showed a set of illuminated glass windows flicked off and on without purpose.
Seebondie looked up with a puzzled brow to see the side wall screen with the alien ship. “What is happening to the television screen on the side wall with the image of the alien ship?”
Motate turned to face the wall screen with the alien ship with a smile. “I would say that some or all of the interior cameras inside that ugly shiny silver tunnel makes the image blurry and then corrects itself. Vivacy must be driving the golf kart with Madam President over the soggy piece of pale blue carpet that has triggered the camera mounts with movement. The wet air would affect the mechanics on each camera also. It will take them about three time minutes to fly down that soggy carpet and then thirty seconds to climb up the steps and stand on top of the platform. It will take Vivacy two second to whip out the phone and press the play button. Then it will take two second to play our newly created musical song to the pair of aliens. Now, something should happen, right now,” she continued to stare at the wall screen with the alien ship with a smile.
Seebondie gasped in alarm at the wall screen with the alien ship. “Nothing has happened. What did you expect to happen, right now?”
Motate exhaled with disappointment. “I expected each illuminated glass window around the metal of that mushroom shaped alien ship to break and explode and then a pair of naked aliens to jump out and down into the cold air and then run inside the White House building for a warm coat and a cup of hot chocolate,” laughing.
She frowned at the wall screen with the alien ship which did not change. “You tell a good science fiction tale.”
Motate laughed. “I am not telling. I am hoping. Hope is gone. The musical song didn’t work. Now, Vivacy will charge in here with your personal hand gun a-blazing at…”
She gasped in alarm. “What?”
Motate laughed. “I am joking. Madam President will charge in here with a set of clear snot bubbles running down her two nostrils in fury. The musical song didn’t work. We have failed again.”
She nodded with a stern face at the wall screen with the alien ship. “So, what is the next step for us?”
Motate exhaled with a puff of frustration. “There is only one step.”
She turned with a gasp to see the nose profile of Motate. “What is that?”
The entrance door opened and revealed Madam President. She stood inside the archway with an angry face in a set of wrinkled black colored clothing while staring at both the two musicians. “I do not need to tell you the final answer here.”
Seebondie spun around with a frown to see the president. Motate moved ahead and stopped beside the nose profile of Seebondie. Seebondie exhaled with a puff of annoyance and a sour tone. “We tried again. We failed again. Then you can fire me and find another mistress of music theory. You are the president of America. You run the country.”
“Please don’t leave me! I just want an explanation for the failure for a second time.” Madam President frowned.
Seebondie frowned. “I can’t provide an answer until you tell me what the aliens did after they heard the newly created musical song. I can’t go forward on ‘information of nothing’ but the falling snowflakes coming down from the gray clouds in the cold month of January within the city of Washington DC.”
Vivacy appeared in winter gear of fur coat, a fur hat, a fur gloves and stood beside Madam President with a sour frown, waving her personal mobile telephone in the air with a sour tone. “The aliens appeared in the red dust and stared at me with that silly smirk. They did nothing. They did not sing. They did not talk. They did not wink. They did not piss on the clear glass. They did…”
Motate leaned over with a smirk and a whisper into the cheekbone of Seebondie. “See? Vivacy and I think alike. We believe that the aliens might piss on the glass window, if happy too. That’s why we hate each other.”
“Shush!” Seebondie softly giggled. Motate stood upright and stared at Vivacy with a soft chuckle of amusement.
“What is the next step here to communicate back with the aliens?” Madam President frowned.
Motate snarled. “It is obvious. We need to…”
“It is obvious to me.” Seebondie shouted out loud over the voice of Motate, since Motate was going to insist that the second alien song be replayed back to the aliens, which was not a wise move. “We need to answer the second question. Our musical song sung the human word, human. We had figured out the first alien question had two parts. Who and where is this? The musical song only answered the first question with the word, humans. We are sorry. We did not catch that error. Now, we need to figure out how to add the human word, Earth. That is the true answer of the second question.”
Vivacy moved ahead and stopped, standing in front of Seebondie, reaching out and placed her personal mobile telephone on top of the piano with a sour frown and a sour tone. “You are sorry. We are facing a major threat from a pair of aliens…
Motate back stepped away from Vivacy and Seebondie with a grin and a laugh. “We are naked without clothing, if you didn’t shut your eyeballs, Vivacy.”
Vivacy advanced ahead with a sneer at Motate. “Say that again to me, Miss Musician!”
Seebondie scooted around the back spine of Vivacy and moved ahead to the wall screen with the musical notes. “Madam President, I have a new idea. Follow me! I can demonstrate. We will use all of the available alien musical notes and then slap together some type of word that is very close to the human word, Earth,” she stopped with a sour frown and stood in front of the wall screen with all the musical notes, pointing at the screen in silence.
Madam President moved ahead and followed behind the back spine of Seebondie with a sour frown. The Secretary of Defense had taken a great dislike to Motate with the vocal idea of terminating the human. Madam President growled. “Vivacy, please come over and here! Listen to this new plan for the aliens! I would like your valuable opinion.” Motate had back stepped with a smile from an advancing and growling Vivacy, stopping and rammed both of her legs into the row of band instruments. Some of smaller instruments tumbled down from the stand and slapped onto the floor with numerous musical tings of tones, “Now, Vivacy!” Madam President stood beside Seebondie and viewed the screen with the musical notes and the red colored human words. Vivacy back stepped and spun around with a puff of annoyance at the silly musician, stopping and stood beside the president.
Motate dashed ahead and slammed into the piano with a chuckle, sliding down onto the hard piano bench to help Seebondie demonstrate the new alien plan in silence.
Seebondie pointed with a stern face at the screen. “I can clobber together the human word, Earth. Inside the two alien songs, you can see our human alphabetic letters in the hand printed colored of red hue. There are letters that represent E, A, R, T, which does not spell the word, Earth. I will figure something else out or close to the annunciation. The second question on the first alien song is easy to address. This is the main problem with the alien musical language. We do not all the musical notes to even form human sentence like, I am.”
Madam President nodded with a stern face. “That sounds like a good idea! Proceed!”
Vivacy frowned. “Wait! There are two different alien songs. You figured out that the second song is a question also for the aliens. What and why is this? How will you address the three and four questions from the second alien song?”
Seebondie smiled. “I was thinking of telling the aliens for questions three and four that we are friends. We want peace with the aliens. Is there a better word to build into the new musical song for question number three and four, Madam President? This is your country, your decision.”
“Visitards,” Madam President sneered with a whisper for her eardrums only and continued to stare at the musical notes on the wall screen.
Seebondie nodded with a smile, “Alright! I will clobber together the human words, friends and peace, into a new musical song.”
Vivacy frowned at the musical notes while pondering the difficult task. “How are you going to build that into a song?”
Seebondie exhaled. “We don’t know, but we will.”
“Proceed!” Madam President back stepped from the archway with Vivacy and spun around, moving ahead towards the staircase. The door closed shut by the young military guard.
Seebondie stared at the door. “I don’t know how to do this. I wished that I had the guts to quit. I have a job in Miami. I have a house in Miami. I wanna go back home, where it is warm and dry.”
“This is too easy. We only need to replay the second alien song to the aliens. Then they will respond with a new musical song. We keep playing the alien songs over and over again. Then, we will learn how to decipher each musical notes and then build a human sentence.”
Seebondie looked up with a gasp to see Motate. “Why didn’t you explain that idea to the president?”
Motate frowned. “Vivacy will object and argue with me. Madam President looks too tired to agree with me. She needs to rest and eat some apple pie. We will take on that challenge.”
Seebondie gasped. “We can’t do that.”
“Yes, we can.”
Seebondie gasped. “No, we cannot.”
“Yes, we can.”
Seebondie shook her curls. “How in the world are we going to do this? We can’t leave our work room to go and ride the kart and then talk with the aliens. We must first play a musical note before the pair of naked aliens show up to do nothing.”
“We leave our work room when we sleep at night inside our shared bedroom on the first floor. The other 131 rooms hold numerous cabinet members and congressmen and congresswomen and many, many little solider boys and girls for protection from the aliens. We will do this at a night when it is cold, quiet and dark.”
Seebondie frowned. “That answered ‘the when’ do we do this. It does not answer ‘the how’ we do this, Motate?”
Motate reached down and pulled out the mobile telephone from the inside the tall fashion boot, holding near a smirk. “We use her mobile telephone where she had recorded the second alien song.”
“Why did she do that? Where did you get that mobile telephone?”
“I suspect that Vivacy records everything on her telephone like so many cell owners. I bet there are some juicy sex tapes on her personal mobile telephone, including the two alien songs.” Motate wiggled the phone near a smile. “Vivacy placed her personal mobile telephone on top of the piano when she tried to attack me. Then, I allowed her to try to attack me. That babe has got a set of tongue bad breathe that could kill a dinosaur, if one exited. While she was trying to attack me, she forgot about her personal mobile telephone which rested on top of the matching white tinted piano. The telephone is white colored too which easily blended into her mental mind and her visual acuity. And she didn’t remember that the mobile telephone had been left there when she stormed out the room in a huff of non-smoke also.”
Seebondie gasped. “We can’t use her mobile telephone. She will find it on us. She will get it from us. She will kill us after she finds her mobile telephone with us. Shut that thing off right now!”
Motate reached down with a smile and pressed the button that deactivated the personal mobile telephone of Vivacy, “Yeah! That is a very good point! So, it doesn’t ring-a-ding and give away my great idea to communicate with the pair of aliens tonight. And none of the above is going to happen to us. We will simply place her telephone near the alien ship.”
“Your new plan stinks. It doesn’t make any sense. A mobile telephone does not play by itself. Okay. I mean it does play, only if there is a stored recording of words or music or sound. But a human finger has to press the button in front of the aliens. Or press the button and let the recording echo inside the tunnel while we stand in front of the aliens and then it will be heard by every military solider in the land through the tunnel that leads into the White House and the alien ship.”
Motate laughed. “Aw! You don’t believe me,” she turned to face the side wall and moved ahead, stopping and stood in front of the image of the alien ship. “Now, listen closely! The glass window where the president original touched with a naked hand is exposed and hidden inside the tunnel. The tunnel is sorta warm and protects each human from the chilly cold air of winter and the cute tiny snowflakes of wetness. Now, look at the alien ship! When each musician had played one of musical piece, there was not a reaction from either one of the aliens. We got the same reaction when you had played from your personal mobile telephone speaker Bach’s Symphony No. 5. I played one of my old tunes with the same non-reaction from the aliens. When we replayed the first alien song back to the aliens, there were numerous soft pings of popped and heated metal which exposed numerous pockets of glass windows. Each glass window on the alien ship is illuminated with light or white smoke or something bright without a visual pair of naked aliens,” she leaned over and touched the screen with a smile. “Right there on the screen! There is a great big flowering plant tree bush that stands over eight-feet high without the flowers, of course, which is the closest point to the one of the side windows on the mushroom shaped ship…”
“No,” Seebondie gasped in fear. “We are going outside in the cold air, running around the shrubs for a disguise and then hide her personal mobile telephone underneath a tall plant bush. It is below thirty degrees outside.”
Motate smiled. “You live in hot and sizzling Miami, Seebondie. We will wear a fur coat like the other people that live in cold weather. It is pretty outside with all the falling down snowflakes. We need a break from work, so we will take a stroll around the grounds of the White House at midnight.”
Seebondie gasped. No. That is a very dangerous move.”
Motate laughed. “Aw! That is a very dangerous move. I will reprogram the second alien song as a new ring tone on her mobile telephone, if someone happens to call and wanna talk to the cold bitch which I doubt very seriously. I bet no man or woman wants to encounter that cold hand or that cold heart,” laughing.
“Motate, we can’t use one of our personal mobile telephone numbers. Even I can figure that one out which will be traced back to me or you.”
Motate smiled. “That is correct. So, we will steal another mobile telephone from one of the wandering military folks. Then, we ring up her mobile telephone number. The newly programmed ring tone would perform a ring-a-ding with the second alien song, where the mobile telephone has been placed underneath the plant bush of eight feet high. Then the aliens will hear their familiar musical song. Then the aliens will respond in kind with a new musical song. The circle of drones will record and store the new third alien song. We will have more information to decode each one of the three alien songs. We have been wrong all this time, but we are so close. Come on, Seebondie! Do not chicken out on me now!” 
Seebondie frowned. “This is too insane.”
Motate smiled. “This is too perfect. We both work inside the Yellow Oval Room here until midnight or so. Then we go to bed with a set of ugly yawns and a pair of rubbing eyeballs like we are drained with exhaustion. Then at four am tomorrow morning when the entire world is asleep, we sneak out our shared room and run underneath the plant bush, tossing the mobile telephone there. Well, I can do this alone. You don’t have to come. It is my idea. I am determined to find a way to communicate with the aliens.”
Seebondie exhaled. “No, I will help. We are a team.”
Motate smiled. “Good. We place her mobile telephone here. We sneak back into our warm and cozy bedroom, pretending to be asleep. Then we ring her telephone using the upcoming stolen mobile telephone. The second alien song will replay. Then something wonderful will happen!”


11:50 pm
Cold air temperatures with bright stars and falling snowflakes
Yellow Oval Room setting


Motate and Seebondie had worked all the afternoon hours, through the night time hours, and up to the stroke of midnight bell tone inside the work room of yellow tint, playing numerous musical songs on different pieces of band instruments for fun, eating all the good food for fun, and marking a set of weird musical notations on the wall screen above the two different alien song for Vivacy. They didn’t have any more idea how to address the three questions to the aliens with a new musical song.
But they did agree that taking the deadly risk of replaying the second alien song to one of the illuminated glass windows on the side of the alien ship to a roomful of hidden naked aliens would reveal a wealth of new and necessary information which would allow Madam President to communicate with the new alien race and then sent both the musicians back home with a victory of success.
A few minutes before midnight, Seebondie wore a pair of wool brown tinted trousers, a pair of brown tinted ankle boots, and a thick wool white colored sweater and sat at the grand piano, stopped the music, executing an ugly yawn of exhaustion and dropped both hands down from the piano keyboard with a worried brow. She scooted back the bench seat and stood upright, side stepping and moved away from the piano, stopping and squatted down while slamming into the working hands of Motate on the guitar instrument with a whisper into the nose bridge of Motate. “It is now near midnight. I believe in our plan, our mission, and our duty. I wanted to ask but didn’t. How are you going to get the second mobile telephone without using one of ours?”
Motate wore the same outfit from yesterday, a pair of ripped and torn blue jeans, a pair of scuffed and scratched black English riding boots, a white turtleneck, and a thick black short wool jacket and continued to sit on top of the long sofa and slipped the guitar between the bodies her and Seebondie, gently placing it on top of the soft cushion with a smile. “This is too easy.”
She frowned with a whisper. “Tell me! I don’t see how stealing is too easy.”
“Every single cell phone user lives with their telephone on the body in bed, at work, at mealtime, in the bathroom while shitting, especially when the cell phone user is a bored individual. Everyone also plays and types out a text on keyboard of the phone, sometimes, during driving a car which is illegal and dangerous.”
“I know that.”
“So, the current cell phone user is standing outside that closed door playing on his mobile telephone at night during duty.”
Seebondie gasped. “How do you know that?”
Motate winked with a smile. “I will show you,” she slipped off the sofa and squatted on both palms and boot toes, slowly crawling over the dirty floor towards the set of double closed doors with a smile. “Follow me!”
Seebondie exhaled with a puff of worry and spun around, landing on both palms and boot toes on the hard floor, crawling behind the butthole of Motate in silence. Motate stopped and stood upright in-between the single hidden seam that parted the two door frames. “Come here and stand beside my eardrum. Close your eyelashes and hold your breath and only listen to the sound inside the second floor.” Seebondie crawled faster over the floor and stopped, standing upright and stood beside the eardrum of Motate with a stern face, closing her eyelashes. Motate reached out and gently touched, tenderly twisting the wrist bone. The door cracked without sound. She parted the door a few millimeters from the door frame and in front of her nose bridge with a smile for a few second. Then Motate gently pushed the heavy door shut with a smile, back stepping from the wooden door with a smile and stared at Seebondie. “What did you hear outside this room?”
Seebondie opened both eyelashes with a smile at Motate. “I heard a set of tiny clicks of someone who was typing on a tiny keyboard of a mobile telephone to her sexy boyfriend.”
Motate tossed both arms into the air with a laugh. “Bingo is stupid. Yeah! Our posted guard is playing on her cell phone, instead of guarding us, the floor, or the air waves. Now, her supervisor does not like it when one or all of her employees play on the cell phone during the boring working hours at work. When Vivacy comes prancing up the stairs, she is going to yell and scream at the poor solider girl. Then we will open the door with shock and awe. Then Vivacy will turn away from yelling at the poor solider girl and immediately enter into our work room, looking for her personal mobile telephone. She has been calling her mobile telephone for hours and hours now but can’t locate it, since it is hidden inside the roomy side leather of my very tall English riding boot. She can’t barge into our work room without personal permission from her boss Madam President. And Madam President does not look like a nice person right now and might just execute a firing square on the ugly face of Vivacy for losing the US Federal Government issued cell phone or incompetence. So Vivacy will take the charge and enter our work room while closing us down for the night and looking for her lonely mobile telephone which works perfectly into our plan,” she clapped with a smile. “Okay. We gotta set up the show now. Vivacy is on her way up here right now. It is too close to midnight. We all gotta sleep. When we hear the first vicious and loud mouth word coming out from the lips of Vivacy, we will open both the doors. But we will stand near each side of the door frame, not in the middle of the archway…”
“No! No!” Seebondie shook her hands and her curls. “That is too obvious of a ploy for smart Vivacy. She will figure out that we are up to something. Well, she will figure out that you are up to something. Motate, you must continue the hate attack thing on Vivacy. Or Vivacy will stop and question your nice behavior while suspecting you of something bad or maybe thinking you have kidnapped her mobile telephone.”
“Yeah, you’re right.”
Seebondie nodded with a smile. “I will stand near the far door frame out of way of her words and her arms. You must immediately stand in the middle of the door archway like you hate Vivacy. Then Vivacy will turn away from the poor abused solider-girl and move ahead, slamming into your upright body and force you to step sideways. Then you shuffle sideways between the door frame and the outside wall, reaching over onto the side table with the plants and grab the girl’s cell phone. The poor solider-girl will be so upset with her evil boss Vivacy that she will forget the phone on purpose, without getting into trouble. Then me and you leave the work room and go back down the staircase, entering our room for bedtime. The new mission will begin at the three in the morning. Did you program her mobile telephone with the ring tone?”
Motate laughed. “I did that right after she left with the president and before the door closed shut. Yeah, her mobile telephone is ready.”
Outside the door, the familiar voice of Vivacy shouted out loud at the soldier-girl. “Solider, what type of activates are your performing there during your guard duty?”
Seebondie and Motate raced ahead and open both of the doors with a smile. Seebondie scooted to the side of the door frame like the plan. Motate stood upright in the middle of the archway with a smirk at the bitch, “Hey, girl! Don’t wake up the ghosts!” Motate didn’t like for Vivacy to abuse the hired help in front of her eyeballs. Vivacy stopped the shouting and turned with a sneer to see Motate. The nameless soldier-girl back stepped from tall Vivacy with a stern face and reached behind the back spine, swiftly sliding her personal mobile telephone underneath the green plant leaves of the flowering plant, where Vivacy couldn’t see it or grab it.
Vivacy spun around and rapidly dashed ahead, slamming into the upright body of Motate. Motate grunted with the body collision and held her position for one whole second while smelling the bad tongue breathe of Vivacy, sliding in-between the door frame and the exterior wall of the second, where the side table held the green plant and the mobile telephone from the soldier-girl. Vivacy moved ahead and ordered with a sneer. “Solider, come with me, right now! Do not move away from the doorway, musicians! I need to check over the work room per the command of Madam President.”
“Sure thing!” Seebondie continued to cuddle the side door frame with a smile and watched the back spine of Vivacy and the soldier-girl.
Motate slowly shifted closer to the side way and reached out with an extended ram while staring the back spine of Vivacy and the soldier-girl with a sneer. “Don’t mess up our hard work, girl!” She extended the hand and patted the smooth wood with blindness as three fingers touched the smooth metal of the mobile telephone. Her fingers grabbed and slid the phone over the wood towards the edge. She lifted the other boot into the air and dropped the new mobile telephone down into the roomy side of the tall English riding boot with a puff of relief, gently lowering the boot to the floor. Each boot held a kidnapped mobile telephone that didn’t belong to Motate. The edge of the square shaped metal on the phone was cutting into the skin of her leg while making it uncomfortable to stand. But her plan had worked and was half-way completed. Motate growled at eh back spine of Vivacy. “It is my bedtime! Nighty-night!” She spun around with a soft grunt from the metal pain of the two different mobile telephones that pounded into each leg bone, slowly limping ahead towards the staircase. Once Motate cleared the second floor and the eyelashes of Vivacy, she would remove each phone and store them inside her jacket pocket for safety.
Vivacy slowly moved around the work room and searched each hard surface, underneath the each cushion, and over the dirty floor for her missing personal mobile telephone. She remembered that she had visited the two musicians with the mobile telephone in hand and then she left the work room. Then she couldn’t locate the mobile telephone while using a government issued borrowed one. She had dialed her personal mobile telephone all afternoon, all night until midnight but the phone was not tracking the hidden location. If the telephone was activated, then the outer space tracking signal would have located the hidden position of the devise. “Escort the two musicians back down to their sleeping chamber on the first floor. Then, you stay down there and guard that closed door. They can’t leave and roam around the floor of the White House without permission from me.”
Day Five Alien visitation

12:02 am
White House
Second floor location
Staircase setting


The young solder-girl in beige and tan military fatigues exhaled with a puff of annoyance at her new boss, since she would not have time to grab her personal mobile telephone that was hidden underneath the plant leaves on top of the side table. Vivacy had been clear about one of her employees playing on the mobile telephone during working hours which translated into unemployment and a dishonorable discharge from the military. “Yes ma’am!” She spun around and dashed ahead, racing over the floor, down the staircase, seeing the two musicians. They slowly strolled ahead with a set of giggles and laughs of fun. She ran down the steps and slowed into a walking pace, strolling behind the back spine of each female.
Motate had removed each stolen mobile telephone on the staircase out of eyeball view and then placed each one inside a pocket of her jacket for safety. She continued to move ahead and gently bump into the Seebondie with a smile and a whisper. “I told you so. Vivacy is still looking for her runaway mobile telephone. She, for some odd and un-nice reason, thinks that I grabbed it and beat it up with my two fists,” laughing.
Seebondie softly giggled with a whisper. “Un-nice is not a word. But her mobile telephone is going to have your set of identifiable finger prints all over the smooth metal.”
“Yeah, I know. Yes, the metal can be wiped clean of my finger prints. I will do that after we get into our shared bedroom. Then, the wet snowflakes and cold air will do some damage to the hard metal as well. I am not worried about my finger prints on her phone. But she should worry about her phone being found, after it releases and replays the second alien song.”
Seebondie frowned with a whisper back to Motate. “Will the second alien song be clearly heard underneath the low hanging plant? That gigantic plant tree is covered in light snow and stands about twenty feet away from the outside glass of the alien ship.”
“I suspect that the alien ship has some capability of spy listening devises inside their big bad alien ship. They are hearing us right now while talking and snorting and shitting inside the toilets,” Motate chuckled.
Seebondie stopped with a gasp and stood in front of the closed door. “Then we just need to play the second alien song inside our work room at a low volume back to the aliens.”


12:05 am
First floor location
Shared bedroom setting of Motate and Seebondie


Motate reached down and touched the door knob, flicking the wrist bone, opening the door. “After you, partner!” Seebondie entered the room with a stern face. Motate moved behind the back spine of Seebondie and spun around, gently closing the door with a nod to the poor abused young soldier-girl who had to leave behind her personal mobile telephone underneath the table plant and could not contact her sexy boyfriend anymore during the early hours of the morning. The door closed. Motate back stepped and spun around with a smile, moving ahead to the closet. “The first alien song has been replayed and replayed over and over again inside the work room, since the second day of their alien visitation. However, the pair of naked aliens who hide inside their alien ship did not respond with a second alien song during that playback here inside the warm White House building,” she entered the wardrobe closet and stopped, reaching down and gathering all her personal clothing into both hands with a smile.
Seebondie moved ahead towards the bed frame and stopped with a gasp. “You are correct. Then, why did they react when we replayed the first alien song in front of the glass window on the alien ship?”
Motate spun around and moved out of the wardrobe closet, entering the bedroom, stopping near her individual bed frame and tossed the pile of clothing into the air. She watched each piece swiftly drop down over the floor with a chuckle. “I would say that our pretty faces in front of the glass window, where we had replayed the original recording of their musical song, which was a social encounter like a home visit or a picnic, without the basket of food. It is a social ‘earthlings are home call.’ Then, the aliens responded with the second alien song as they are social creatures from outer space too.”
Seebondie nodded with a smile and advanced towards her suitcase which rested on top of the side table, stopping and reached inside, grabbing the set of warm pajamas item and cuddled the soft fabric into her chest. She spun around with a gasp to see a set of scattered clothing over the floor, the sitting chairs, and over a few of the side tables. “What are you doing, Motate?”
Motate squatted down and separated some of the clinging clothes into a new pile over the floor with a smile. “You must do this too with your clothing. This is the next phase,” she stood upright and scanned the room with the scattered clothing. “We scatter all over personal possessions including clothing and shoes and purses and suitcases all over our shared bedroom, because after that second alien song has been replay to the aliens all hell is going bubble up and explode onto soil of planet Earth. Then, her mobile telephone will be discovered underneath the plant tree. Vivacy is coming here and looking for me. She suspects but can’t prove squat that I ripped off her personal mobile telephone from the piano top inside the work room. However, we are going to set the stage that we could not possibility have sneak out our dorm room and placed her phone underneath that plant tree, which we will.”
Seebondie laughed. “Why are trashing our room with your clothing?”
Motate moved ahead and squatted down, lifting up each one of her personal shoes, deciding on the perfect spot of the stage. “Back home, I kept my personal bedroom trashy and un-neat…”
“Un-neat, is that real human word?” She laughed.
Motate moved ahead and squatted, gently lowering on shoe over the floor. “Yeah, I kept my room trashy and un-neat. It drove my mother crazy. I would drop on the floor all my newly laundered clothing items and mix with all my dirty clothing items. Then my mother would stay out of my room and only yell at me to clean the room,” she stood upright from the door and turned with a smile to see Seebondie. “Didn’t you trash your bedroom as a teen?”
She smiled. “No.”
Motate frowned, “Figures! Well, I did every day and night until I turned eighteen and left home to become a rock and roll star. And we are going to stage that same act here inside the White House bedroom. I don’t know if this bedroom has a name. And if it does, then I don’t wanna know that either. When angry and ugly Vivacy enters into our shared bedroom, which she will and try to strangle me, then she will see all the scattered pile of clothing without melting snowflakes and wet water from our fun venture into the night over the wet ground.”
“How are we going to keep from getting frozen and wet and cold? I am used to the cold air like you.”
Motate finished placing all her shoes trough the floor with a smile, standing upright with a nod. “Your wardrobe closet that you don’t use holds tons and tons of fur coats and fur hats. We are going to dress for the cold weather and then venture out into the cold weather to visit the alien ship and plant the mobile telephone underneath the plant tree. Now, scatter all your clothing on your side of the room plus your shoes like a misbehaving teen. Then the stage will be set. Then we need to go to bed. Set your personal mobile telephone alarm at three am and place it underneath one of the three pillow son top of the king-sized bed mattress, so our personal sleepy guard doesn’t hear the tiny beeps from the cell. Then we will dress and leave out through one of the windows, quickly running around the building and hiding behind all the snow covered shrubs until we get near our target point. We plant the cell and then race back and go back to bed. The mission will be done.”
Seebondie reached down into the suitcase and gathered her personal clothing with deep sigh. She was a neat and clean person at home. She lifted the pile of clothing items into the air and slowly moved around the floor, dropping down one or two pieces of items onto the floor. She liked the stage setting that prevented Vivacy from killing Motate. “We will be seen by a guard or all of the spying and recording cameras. I don’t know if this is a good idea.”
Motate moved ahead and stopped, standing in front of the bed frame, reaching out and grabbing, pulling the top bedcover down onto the floor with a smile. “No. We will dress in white fur. There are tons of white fur coats inside the closet. I don’t know what dead persons wore all those fur coats but we gotta use it in a few hours. So don’t get all freaked out over dead people clothes. We will look like a big huge white tinted snowflake to the eyes of the spying cameras.”
Seebondie finished scattering all her personal possessions over the floor, the chairs, and the side tables like she was a naughty teenage with a smile. “I don’t get freaked out over wearing dead people clothes. Okay. I did it. I acted like a bad teen for the first time in my life,” she spun around and moved back to the bed mattress with an ugly yawn from both exhaustion and excitement of the new adventure.
Motate pulled out the two mobile telephones and hid them underneath one of the king-sized pillow for safekeeping and then programmed her personal mobile telephone for the three am alarm, sliding it underneath her pillow to hear the tiny alarm. She slipped off the pair of English riding boots only, climbed up and bounced on top of the soft bed mattress with a smile in the dirty clothes. “How does it feel?”
“It feels nice. But don’t tell my mom! She would be upset that broke her rules,” she stopped and reached out, pulling the top bedcover over the end of the bed.
Motate gasped. “No. You must pull the bedcover onto the side of the bed and let it get dirty on the floor to continue the naught teen bedroom show case. Or you’ll blow our teenage cover.”
“Alright!” She shuffled the top bedcover and draped it over the side of the bed, climbing inside the mattress with a smile, wearing the dirty clothes like Motate, bouncing up and down with excitement. She whipped out and programmed her mobile telephone with the three am alarm with a smile, slipping it underneath her pillow to hear the alarm. “I am getting off the lamp on top of my nightstand. Or should we leave a night light on for the three am escape?”
Motate exhaled. “We are not three years old. We are a pair of grown women that is sharing a bedroom. The guard might not notice the night light until we have left the room, then she would open the door and ask questions and then discover us gone. Cut off the lamp! I’m cutting off my lamp here on top of my nightstand. I will see you at three am. And do not turn on any type of light even the bathroom light.”
Seebondie reached over and pressed the button. Her lamp light shut off. She continued to sit upright on top of the mattress in the semi-dark. “How will I dress?”
“We will dress by moonlight,” she reached over and slammed the button. The lamp light turned off. “Look out the row of glass windows. We didn’t close the curtain drapes. The moon is full and bright. We dress in moonlight. We run in moonlight. We plant the phone in moonlight. Then we ran back here in moonlight. Good luck!” Motate flipped over to the side with a smile, closing the eyelashes for some sleep before the mission.
Seebondie dropped over to the side of the mattress and cuddled with the pillow and a whisper of worry, “Yeah!”


2:58 am
Bright moonlight and cold temperatures
  with light shower of white snowflakes


The tiny alarm went off underneath the king sized pillow. Motate shot upright from the soft pillow with a gasp of alarm and blinked open both eyelashes as her mind flooded back with all the memories with the alien ship, the alien song and the alien mission.
She slipped out from the warm bedcovers and stood upright with a sigh, running across the warm room floor with a pant of panic, slamming into bed, leaning over the mattress and slapped a hand over the lips of Seebondie with a whisper. “Sh! Cut off your phone alarm. Get up! Get dressed in the fur coats. Our mission begins now,” she removed the hand and back stepped from the bed frame, spinning around and ran ahead, entering the wardrobe closet, gathering two set of winter gears. She back stepped out from the closet and into the room, stopping and stood in place, dropping down the pile of winter gear. Then she reached down and started ripping off all her dirty clothes while dropping each item down over the floor with a stern face while feeling the cold air in the room.
Seebondie slipped off the bed mattress in her dirty clothes with an ugly yawn and dashed ahead, stopping and stood in front of the pile of winter gear with a gasp at naked Motate. “What? What are you doing?”
Motate stood in the nude and reached down, slipping on a pair of white furry boots with a smile. “I am getting dressed. Get dressed like me!”
“You…you are getting naked.”
Motate slipped on the fur scarf and twirled it around the neck with a smile. “Yeah, we need to get naked.”
Seebondie gasped. “No. Why? What for?”
Motate sneered. “Quiet! Take off all your clothes first! Then, dress in all the fur items from the floor,” she continued to dress with the fur coat.
She sneered back. “I will freeze in cold weather, if I am totally buck naked. A human body can die in extreme cold weather.”
Motate placed the fur hat over the hair roots and stowed the mobile telephone of Vivacy inside the coat pocket for safety with a smile. “A fur coat is ripped off of a furry animal. A fur coat is so warm that you don’t need to wear clothing. Animals do not wear a set of clothes over the fur.”
“Who told you know that information?” She quickly stripped down and removed the sweater set and then dirty pair of blue jeans, and the shoes, reaching down and grabbed the fur boots with a sour frown.
Motate zipped up the fur coat and tucked more fur scarves around a naked throat and a half-way over the naked face, without covering up each eyeball with a smile. “In my youth as a singer, I had to wear a fur coat for promotion of my music. I didn’t like wearing a dead animal that had died for vanity, but I had no choice. So, I would not wear clothes underneath the new and borrowed fur coat. My girly sweat and my vagina discharge ruined the new fur coat. It was never worn again by another female. So, I avenged all the poor dead furry animals that died for no reason but greed and money. This is how I know. Get dressed! I need to open the window.”
“I am almost done.” Seebondie quickly dressed in the two fur scarves around the throat, the fur coat over the hair roots, the ankle-length fur coat over the naked body, one scarf over half of the face, and a pair of fur coats. Then she was starting to sweat on her naked body from the thick animal fur with a deep sigh.
Motate moved ahead and stopped, standing in front of the wall of window at the last glass pane. She reached out and touched, opening the glass window with ease. The window was low to the ground. She bend down and climbed over the lip of the window seal, dropping down into a bed of snowflakes with a loud grunt, back stepped and waited for Seebondie.
Seebondie spun around to face the window and dashed across the room while producing more sweat on her body from the thick layer of animal fur, stopping and climbed over the lip of the window, tumbling down onto the solid ground into the light covering of snowflakes with a whisper. “O no! It is going to look like we did escape from our room.”
“Worry about it later!” Motate reached down and found a large rock, standing upright and sat it inside the window ledge. She slowly lowered the pane of the window down and touched the top of the ground rock. She didn’t want the window to close and lock from the outside. Then they would be found outside in the snow and then guilt of something bad. She spun around and crouched down, dashing ahead behind the bushes.
Seebondie spun around and dashed ahead, slowly running backwards while watching the rear end for a guard or other human trouble. The air temperature was cold. The starry sky slowly released a set of tiny snowflakes. The snowflakes had covered the wet ground but would melt into water during the daylight sunshine. At night, the ground was colored in white glittering sparkles from the bright moonlight rays. 
Motate continued to dash ahead on the outskirts of the snow covered bushes that looked like funny shaped snowwomen and snowmen. Some of the nocturnal animals scurried away from her advancing foot prints as they were not afraid of the alien ship. That concept intrigued her brain cells. She continued to dash along the edge of the bushes and halted with a gasp of worry.
Seebondie run backwards and hit into the back spine of Motate. Then they both dropped down and landed on top of the snow with a set of loud grunts without standing upright.
Motate continued to watch the stationary foot patrol of two White house guards. They were standing in the snow and smoking a cigarette as the nasty gray ashes made the pretty white snow dirty. She growled with annoyance. Then, the two guards dropped down a burning cigarette into the snow and turned away from the pair of dead cigarettes, moving away from the edge of plant bushes. She stood upright and bent down at the waistline dashing ahead towards the alien ship and the tall plant tree with a racing heart and a worried mind.
Seebondie stood upright and bent down at the waistline, slowly turning around and dashed backwards again while looking out for a guard.
Motate crouched down on both kneecaps and stopped, sliding to the snow covered leaves of the tall plant tree while getting wet, feeling the cold air on the pair of exposed and naked cheekbones with a worried heart and a racing heart. She could clearly see the exposed glass window panes that encircled the exterior of the alien ship of red dull tinted metal with the black smears of collision of space rocks. Each glass window contained some bright illuminated but not an alien smiling face.
Seebondie spun around and stopped in a crouched position trying not to ramp into the back spine of Motate again. She slowly spun around side to side in the snowflakes while watching out for a guard.
Motate reached down and fumbled inside the pocket of the fur coat for the mobile telephone of Vivacy with panic. The phone must have dropped out from the coat pocket during the body collision with Seebondie. No. She found the mobile telephone and whipped it out from the pocket into the air, pressing the side button with the thick glove. The button did not press fully into the slot. She removed the glove and felt the cold air on the naked skin with a hiss, pressing down and held the button as telephone activated with life. Motate would have plenty of time to get away from the criminal evidence of the telephone before Vivacy located her personal possession. Vivacy was tired also. She would continue to call her mobile telephone, until it was answered. Then, she would have to find a computer, sign-in, wait on the seeker program, and finally trace down the location of the telephone by one of the busy outer space satellites which would take about thirty to forty minutes, since Motate had done that when she had tracked down an old boyfriend by mobile telephone location for revenge too.
Motate leaned down into the snow covered leaves and planted the mobile telephone underneath the dry part of the soil of the plant tree. She didn’t know how long the mobile telephone would survive from the both wetness and coldness of the rough winter weather environment. Motate only need the telephone to ring one time then the rig tone would loudly announce the second alien song. Since the aliens were watching and waiting for the response back from the earthlings.  The aliens would response with a third alien song. Motate had not doubt.
Motate spun around and scooted away from Seebondie, dashing ahead in a crouched pose while running as fast as possible with heavy grunts. She was sweating with worry from an active mind and water from the thick layers of animal fur.
Seebondie moved ahead in silence and followed behind folded body of Motate without looking behind a collar bone for trouble. She had glanced at the illuminated glass windows on the alien ship before. This time, she was more worried and wanted to complete the mission before something terrible happened.
Motate rounded the side of the building and stopped with a smile, standing upright in front of the window seal that was not closed but held open by a rock. She moved ahead and danced inside the flower bed of dead flowers and scattered snowflakes, lifting up the window pane into the air for entrance back into the shared bedroom with a loud grunt.
Seebondie rounded the corner with a set of pants and smelly body sweat, slowing the pace and then ducked the hair roots, climbing through the window lip first, falling over the hard floor. She stood upright and moved ahead, stopping and stood in place, stripped out the heavy fur gear from a sweaty body with a smile of the victory.
Motate moved ahead and climbed over the lip, spinning around and leaned over the edge of the low window, reaching out and grabbed the tree bush. She lowered a few tiny branches of the tree bush over the imprinted foot prints of her and Seebondie and vigorously shook the tree leaves. A pile of fresh snowflakes smoothly covered the foot prints from a pair of naked eyeballs until the morning powder of fresh snow did a better job. She released all the branches of the tree from a glove hand as it slammed against the building wall. Motate slid back into the room with a set of heavy breathes and back stepped, lowering down the window pane with a smile. She spun around and moved ahead near the corner wall and away from all the scattered pile of personal clothes, stopping and stripped off the heavy fur coat. “Hide the fur coat and all fur items underneath your bed mattress!”
“It’s all wet.” Seebondie stood upright in the wet nude as her body shivered in sweat in the warm air of the room, holding a pile of wet fur items with a sour frown.
“I know that. She will look for a wet coat and all fur items inside the bathroom, where wet lives or lays or plays. I would place it there also, since she and I think alike. So, we hide the fur coat and all the furry items on the floor underneath each bed mattress. Stuff it deep near the headboard! No one will look there.”
“Okay,” Seebondie spun around and dashed away with the nervous energy, sliding down and squatted down over the floor, crawling half-way underneath the bed mattress, slowly stuffing all the fur items underneath the bed frame with an ugly yawn. She was really tired but also hyped.”
Motate undressed and stood in the nude with water sweat, feeling the warm air in the room, reaching down and gathered up all the wet items into the two arms. She stood upright and moved ahead, stopping and squatted down, reaching underneath the mattress, stuffing each wet fur item near the wall of the headboard with a loud grunt of hard work and finally finished the task. She stood upright with a smile and climbed up and landed onto the bed mattress in a sweaty body of excitement and exhaustion. “Now, we sleep in the nude also. Wear one of the top bed linens over your naked body.”
Seebondie stood upright and climbed onto the top of the bed linens, swinging around to face Motate with a sour frown in the moonlight. “You are kidding.”
Motate smiled in the moonlight and wiggled the second mobile telephone near a smile in-between the bed linen to keep off her set of finger prints as the real criminal. “I kid you not. Do it! I am ready. Are you ready?”
Seebondie nodded with a smile in the moonlight which Motate could not see. “I am ready.”
Motate exhaled, “Alright! I am going to call the mobile telephone of Vivacy.”
“Has she not found her phone by now?”
“No. That will take another fifteen minutes, so we have just enough time. I am going to call her mobile telephone in a few seconds. Then, her phone will ring out loud with the second alien song. Then, the aliens will hear it through their set of spying devises inside the ship. Then they will respond with a new third alien song which will be captured and recorded by the circle of drones that constantly record the alien ship. I am most assured. Now, the entire place will erupt in panic or something worse. But we are asleep during this time. We let the guard wake us up.”
“Will the guard come into our room for that?”
Motate smiled. “Vivacy will charge into our shared room, after she finds her telephone. Then, we still pretend to be innocent and sleep. I am ready.”
“How will you get the mobile telephone back to the second floor?”
“During the panic of rushing people, I will dress after our drama show with Vivacy and slip it back underneath the flowering plant on top of the side table on the second floor. We have to go up there to analyze the new third alien song. The end is coming!”
Seebondie giggled in the moonlight. “The beginning is starting.”
Motate nodded with a smile that Seebondie didn’t see. “Ah! That is very clever, Seebondie. I am ready.”
“I am ready.”
Motate reached down and pressed picture icon on the solider-girl’s mobile telephone, where it showed the ugly digital picture of her supervisor Secretary of Defense Vivacy. The tiny telephone connected and shrilled in a soft tone of A-chord.
Outside in the cold air, underneath the tall plant tree, the ground and wet mobile telephone of Vivacy connected to a new in-coming telephone call. Then, the ring tone sounded with the start of the new second alien song.
Inside the glass window of brightness, the red tinted air drifted over the brightness, at the echo of the first musical note, a pair of aliens appeared again within the red tinted air. Each human-like alien possessed a head of black colored long hair down to the shoulder, a tone of pale tinted skin, a pair of blue colored eyeballs, a pair of red tinted lips on a naked body that clearly distinguished between a male and a female. Each alien stared out inside the moonlight beams with a silly smirk and a chin tilt to the plant tree. Then, the human-like male and female both blinked both eyelashes open and shut, tilting a chin to the side, opening the mouth. They both sung in low musical note out loud which penetrated the solid glass wall into each pair of eardrums of the spying equipment on each drone and then shifted a chin to the other side, singing with a set of different musical notes. They continued to sing and shift a chin side to side, blinking both eyelashes open and close, staring with a smile at tree plant without a set of words. The range of musical notes from a wordless song had been musical structured based on the musical scale and sounded to each pair of human eardrums as A0, A7, A7, A7, A2, A0, A0, A7, A7, A4.
Each hovering drone that surrounded the alien ship captured and recorded the new alien song within the electronic databanks. Then, each drone blasted out loud and repeated the new musical song inside each room of the White House.
In the White House walls, every upright body rushed around the building in a pair of military fatigues with a hand gun or in a pair of bedroom slippers with a toothbrush while looking for an answer.
Outside in the cold air, underneath the tall plant tree, the ground and wet mobile telephone of Vivacy continued still stay connected to the in-coming telephone call. Then, the ring tone sounded with the start of the new second alien song for a second time.
Inside the glass window of brightness, the red tinted air drifted over the brightness, at the echo of the first musical note, a pair of aliens appeared again within the red tinted air. Each human-like alien possessed a head of black colored long hair down to the shoulder, a tone of pale tinted skin, a pair of blue colored eyeballs, a pair of red tinted lips on a naked body that clearly distinguished between a male and a female. Each alien stared out inside the moonlight beams with a silly smirk and a chin tilt to the plant tree.
The human-like male and female both blinked both eyelashes open and shut, tilting a chin to the side, continuing to sing the same musical song to the tree plant of A0, A7, A7, A7, A2, A0, A0, A7, A7, A4.
Each hovering drone that surrounded the alien ship captured and recorded the same alien song within the electronic databanks. Then, each drone blasted out loud and repeated the new musical song inside each room of the White House.
In the White House walls, every upright body continued to rush back and forth around the building in a pair of military fatigues with a hand gun or in a pair of bedroom slippers with a toothbrush while looking for an answer.
Outside in the cold air, underneath the tall plant tree, the ground and wet mobile telephone of Vivacy continued still stay connected to the in-coming telephone call. Then, the ring tone sounded with the start of the new second alien song for the third time.
Inside the glass window of brightness, the red tinted air drifted over the brightness, at the echo of the first musical note, a pair of aliens appeared again within the red tinted air. Each human-like alien possessed a head of black colored long hair down to the shoulder, a tone of pale tinted skin, a pair of blue colored eyeballs, a pair of red tinted lips on a naked body that clearly distinguished between a male and a female. Each alien stared out inside the moonlight beams with a silly smirk and a chin tilt to the plant tree. Then, the human-like male and female both blinked both eyelashes open and shut, tilting a chin to the side, continuing to sing the same musical song to the tree plant of A0, A7, A7, A7, A2, A0, A0, A7, A7, A4.
Each hovering drone that surrounded the alien ship captured and recorded the same alien song within the electronic databanks. Then, each drone blasted out loud and repeated the new musical song inside each room of the White House.
In the White House walls, every upright body continued to rush back and forth around the building in a pair of military fatigues with a hand gun or in a pair of bedroom slippers with a toothbrush while looking for an answer.
Inside the shared room of Seebondie and Motate, Seebondie sat upright in the moonlight on top of the bed mattress with a gasp. “Disconnect the telephone call! I can hear the third alien song. The drones have captured, recorded, and blasted it inside the building of the White House. The third song is repeating itself over and over again while bouncing off the walls.”
“Yeah, right!” Motate reached own and pressed the END button on the mobile telephone. The drones continued blast the recording over the loud speaker inside the White House. The personnel continued to rush around each other while searching for an answer to the loud music in frustration and fear.
Outside in the cold weather and underneath the plant tree, the wet and ground mobile telephone ring tone ceased.
Inside the alien ship through the glass window, the pair of human-like male and female alien stopped singing, closing the lips, and returned to blinking with a pair eyelashes open and shut while staring at tall tree plant in front of the glass with a silly smirk, without singing a song or talking with a set of words or grunting a set of new sounds.
Inside the White House on the first floor, Vivacy emerged and dashed out from her private bedroom in a pair of wrinkled military fatigues with a sneer and stopped in the middle of the hallway, reaching out, grabbing one of the roaming solider with a growl into his cheekbone. “Stop that music! What is that sound of?” The music halted in the air waves.
The older military soldier gasped in shock and pointed at the front of the building towards the direction of stationary red tinted alien ship. “The music, the new song comes out from the alien ship. They are talking back to us for some reasons.”
Vivacy sneered into the cheekbone of the soldier. “Something is very wrong here. They never talked to us before. Go out into the tunnel and see if the aliens have emerged out from the ship and are walking toward us.”
“No. All the interior cameras show the same empty tunnel.”
“Go and inspect every inch of the tunnel and the platform on the ship with your eyeballs now! I will find out how the new alien song came about,” she released the arm of the soldier and dashed ahead with a sneer, moving toward the private bedroom of the two musicians. “I know the reason. Now, I will eliminate the reason.”
Inside the shared bedroom of Seebondie and Motate, Motate reached over and slapped the lamp switch to power. The room illuminated with light. She slid off the bed mattress and stood upright, re-wrapping the bed linen around her naked body with a worried brow. “Get up! Get out of bed! We have to reaction like the rest of the people around the building. We have to be scared and surprised at the same time.”
Seebondie slipped off the bed and stood upright, rewrapping the top bed linen around a naked body with a worried brow. “I am scared and surprised at the same time. I didn’t expect the smoke alarm to trigger into a loud sound.”
Motate frowned. “That wasn’t the smoke alarm here.”
She giggled. “I know that. You know that. I am practicing when Vivacy asks me that question.”
“We go and open the bedroom door, asking the nice soldier guard what happened. We make a panicked presentation of two scary cats. Then, we go back to bed and pretend to sleep.”
She yawned. “Pretend to sleep? I am really sleepy. Can we start the analysis of the third alien song at one pm tomorrow, after a hot breakfast, a hot shower, and a hot lunch?”
“I agree with all of that,” Motate slowly moved ahead towards the closed door and stopped, reaching out, touching the door knob. The door opened. She stood in the archway and stared with a stern face at the commotion on the first floor. Numerous lines and tight huddles of people rushed side to side in a pair of pajamas with a hair brush or a pair of military fatigues with an exposed gun. The situation was funny, if Motate had not actually caused the chaos. Seebondie slowly moved around while tripping over the long bed linen that was wrapped around a naked body with a sour frown, stopping and stood beside Motate, staring at the commotion also.
Vivacy turned the wall corner and swiftly advanced toward the two musicians with a sour frown and a soft sneer of annoyance in silence.
Seebondie exhaled with a fake smile from the funny scene, which she and Motate had caused on purpose. “I see her.”
Motate sneered with a sour frown directly at the distorted face of advancing Vivacy. “I see her too through my tired and sleepy eyeballs.”
Vivacy stopped with a sneer and stood directly in front of Motate with a sour frown, turning with a gasp to see Seebondie. “Why are you sweating on a face in thirty degree weather of wintertime?”
Seebondie reached up and wiped off the fear of sweat with a sour frown. “I was scared to death from the very loud noise here inside my private bedroom. That ear-piercing shrill gave me a freaking heart attack. Then, my healthy heart jump started and kicked back into action while I started breathing again. My body chemically reacted to the loud noise. What’s going on out here? What is that noise? What is the emergency? Is it a fire? Is that a fire alarm? Do we need to evacuate the White House and then stand in the freezing cold air?”
Vivacy turned with a sneer to see the nose bridge of Motate. “The alien ship has released and blasted out a third alien song.”
Seebondie gasped in a fake surprise, “What?”
Motate reached up and rubbed both eyeballs with a yawn and one hand, dropping the hand, fiddling with the bed linen around a naked body for drama. “What did you say?”
Vivacy sneered. “The alien ship has released a third alien song.”
Seebondie reached up and covered up the ugly yawn from the morning excitement. “That’s great! We need to go into the work room and hear the new alien song again. Then we can analyze for more new information. Maybe, we can finally unlock the secret notes. Please excuse us while we get dressed!” she back stepped and tripped over the long bed linen with a gasp, reaching down, gathering some of the fabric to walk forward.
“Good point, Seebondie!” Motate spun around and quickly dashed towards her bed mattress, stopping and stood in front of the bed frame, exchanging the long bed linen for a pair of blue jeans, an oversized sweater, and a pair of loafers. She needed rush to dress and move upstairs to replace the stolen mobile telephone of the solder girl. She finished dressing and leaned over the bed mattress, exchanging her personal telephone for the stolen mobile telephone, wrapping the stolen phone in a set of white tinted nose tissues while keeping all her finger prints off the shiny metal. 
Vivacy scooted around the two musicians and entered the shared bedroom, stopping at the line of scattered clothing over the floor. “Hold up! I need to check your room for any problems.”
“What kind of problems?” Motate slowly spun around and dashed ahead with an ugly yawn of exhaustion and excitement, exiting the room.
Vivacy continued to stand in place without stomping over the piles of scattered clothing, carefully surveying the shared bedroom of the two musicians while seeing more short piles of personal clothing items that were scattered around the entire floor and some of the furniture pieces which indicated a set of two lazy and sloppy grown women, who acted like a pair of high school teens. She continued to search each light and dark spot over the floor. She continued to search any light or dark spot for unusual object with a soft sneer, “The kind that requires looking.”
Seebondie stopped with a worried brow and stood in front of the bed mattress, reaching out, grabbing a pair of warm long pajamas and dressed. The open archway allowed all the cold air coming from the lobby to enter into the share bedroom. “Look around the room, lady! But I’m getting dressed in a set of warm clothes as the cold air from the outer hallway freezes my butthole in front of your presence and the door open,” she exchanged the bed linen for clothes quickly. 
Vivacy continued to stand in place in front of the line of clothing and surveyed the room without finding her personal mobile telephone or any evidence that the two musicians were responsible for the announcement of the third alien song. However, Vivacy would not stop searching until she found and harmed that person. She suspected that Motate had stolen her personal property from inside the Yellow Oval Room but could not prove the thief without the physical evidence. 
On the first floor, Motate took advantage of the lines of panicked people that visited and stayed with the president to monitor the alien ship inside the White House rooms, racing over the first floor, running up the staircase with an occasional scream like the other idiots and then an evil laugh of fun, dashing onto the second floor. She ran towards the closed doors with a racing heart to replace the stolen mobile telephone underneath the plant on top of the side table. 
On the first floor, inside the shared bedroom of two musicians, Vivacy continued to stand in place and then gasped with a whisper of alarm. “Motate left the room for the work room. My phone!” She spun around with a sneer and swiftly raced out the bedroom, shoving each body to the side of her footpath with a growl. “I got you now, musician. Then, I will have some fun,” she run up the steps while skipping every other solid footstep while in excellent physical shape, dashing off the second floor, running towards the stationary back spine of Motate with a sneer, “I got you now. She is going inside the work room to find and then dispose of my phone as the hard evidence of the crime.” Vivacy has theorized that Motate had found the forgotten phone and then destroyed. Motate had used the tools to beat it to death and then hide each metal part around the work room or Yellow Oval Room with the line of musical instruments. Vivacy had spend an hour inside the work room, touching wet band instrument where someone had played the instrument and dipping a hand down into wet mouthpiece while hunting for her phone. She had not found any piece from her mobile telephone. So Motate had hidden the mobile telephone in a new secret sweet spot inside the Yellow Oval Room while out of arm reach and eyeball view. 
The White House was an old building with many secret passages and compartments.
Motate stopped with a worried brow and stood in front of the double doors, extending an arm to the side with the wad of white nose tissues that contained the stolen mobile telephone of the unnamed soldier-girl, gently sliding it over the smooth wood and parked it behind the plant like before. The other hand reached out and touched, grabbing the door knob, twisting the wrist bone. The door didn’t open.
“Stop!” Vivacy raced ahead over the floor towards the back spine of Motate with a loud shout and stopped a few inches from the back spine of Motate without ramming the face of the smartass musician into the ornate wooden hand carved door with a sneer.
Motate withdrew the arm out from the decorative low plant on top of the side table and the free hand from the door knob, swinging around and faked a sneeze of sour breath directly into the nose bridge of Vivacy, slapping the hand of white nose tissues over the smiling lips for cover. Vivacy rapidly back stepped with a girly scream and wiped out the mouth spittle with a distorted face of grunts. “Sorry, old girl!” Motate faked a second sneeze into the wad of white nose tissues with a slick smile again with a horsey throat timber to Vivacy. “I think that I caught me a nasty cold with tons of sticky snot boggiers too while staying here in the cold air. Why’s the entrance doors locked? I want into finish my job of talking with the aliens.”
Vivacy continued to wipe out the disguising nose spray from the vile musician with a sissy whine. “It…it secured…”
“Okay. Well, everything is locked and secured. I’m going back to sleep. Chow! I’ll work on the new alien song tomorrow. I mean today after sleeping. Peace out! Sleep well! Don’t back the boogie monster!” Motate moved ahead and scooted around Vivacy with a smile that was hid behind the nose tissues, dashing over the floor, back down the staircase, and returned back into her shard bedroom with Seebondie with an evil laugh and a nasty set of ugly yawns for some real slumber.
The unnamed young solider-girl dashed ahead from the staircase with a giggle and a grin after the gross sense. The snot spray from Motate had hit into the face of Vivacy. The soldier-girl stopped with a stern face and stood behind the back spine of her supervisor. “Madam President requests your presence inside the Oval Office immediately, ma’am.”
Vivacy wiped both wet hands down over the wrinkled fatigues with a deep sigh of angry and spun around to see the young soldier-girl with a sour frown. “Stay here! Guard this door, soldier!”
She smiled with a nod. “Yes ma’am!”
Vivacy scooted around the soldier with a soft growl in angry at the musician and then halted with a gasp, swinging around to see the back spine of the soldier. The unnamed solider-girl had moved ahead and stood in front of the closed double doors, extending an arm over the hard surface of the side table, removing and then fiddled with her personal mobile telephone. Vivacy could hear the tiny sounds of clicks from the typing of a new text on the tiny keyboard of the mobile telephone as she growled. “I am been duped,” she spun around with a soft snarl and swiftly dashed ahead over the floor, down the staircase, over the first floor, and then entered into the Oval Office.


3:15 am
Oval Office setting
Cold temperatures of night with cloudy gray sky
   and no stars


Vivacy stood in front of the famous and familiar office desk in silence and stared with a stern face at the smile on Madam President.
Madam President cupped both arms over the top of the desk with a grin in a monotone timber, “The source, which had caused the playing time of a third alien song that awakened me from a sound sleep, has been discovered.”
She slightly smirked. “You do not sleep soundly like me, ma’am.”
She pointed down with a stern face at the white colored mobile telephone with a set of red colored smears of rust spots over the smooth metal. “It is a mobile telephone. The mobile telephone was found underneath the closest and tallest plant tree which was about twenty feet from one of the illuminated glass window panes on the side of the alien ship. When the team of soldiers arrived, there stood in full exposure a new pair or the same pair of naked aliens. They couldn’t distinguish the aliens. The pair of naked aliens looked alike per all the boy and girl soldiers.”
She growled. “That is my mobile telephone.”
“Do you know the thief, who had replayed the second alien song? Then the second alien song produced the third alien song coming from the aliens.”
She exhaled. “The thief is one of my own soldiers.”
“Do you know the motive of the thief, who helped create a third alien song?”
“Some of the boy and girl soldiers are scared and worried about their buttholes and the buttholes of their family members. They want the alien ship destroyed. Some of the boy and girl soldiers want to communicate with the aliens inside the alien ship while hoping for peace and a better world for all. During my spying sessions, I have overheard where some of the voices have whispered that the second alien song should be replayed which would lead to a third alien song and on and on and on.”
Madam President exhaled with a puff of annoyance and tapped the fingers over the hard surface with a sour frown. “Yes, I have heard the soft whispers from my own personal presidential staff and the loud rants on the telephone landline coming from all the worldly leaders regarding the decision to replay the second song which would provide a third alien something. It had been proven that the first song produced the second alien song which was almost the same set of musical notes and might be the same question, if I believed the two employed musicians.”
She snarled. “I do not believe the good intentions of the two musicians.”
“I do not believe the good intent of the aliens. But, I do believe that if the two musicians cannot figure out the answer from the third alien songs, then I will blast that stationary solid piece of red tinted metal off from the city street of Washington DC through the gray cloudy skies and into the starry atmosphere with a nuclear bomb. Then, all the other world leaders can fight and drool over the remnant bits of the steaming metal pieces and the smoldering dead bodies of the two aliens for a new Earth museum. Do you know how to deal with a traitor that has pissed me off?”
She smiled. “I know how to deal with a traitor for you, ma’am.”
Madam President stood upright from the chair and rubbed both tired eyeballs with a sour frown. “Get yourself another mobile telephone from the office. This one has died from the snow and the cold air. Goodnight, Vivacy!”
Vivacy spun around with a sneer in silence and left the Oval Office and the president.

4:04 am
Second floor location
Hallway setting


Vivacy moved ahead from the Oval Office and left the first floor tile, dashing up the staircase with a furious snort, moving across the second floor with a stern face and turned to the side to face the soldier. “Soldier, follow me, right now!”
The young soldier-girl exhaled with a puff of annoyance and cupped the personal mobile telephone in a sweaty palm, spinning around and moved ahead, following behind the back spine of Vivacy with a sour frown. She stuck a tongue out at the back spine of Vivacy and then stuck a middle finger into the air at the rear skull of Vivacy in defiance of another bossy order from her superiors.


Cosmology room setting


Vivacy moved ahead and reached out, slamming the unlocked door open, entering the cosmology room setting which appeared like a library but was the secret entrance down into the White House dungeon.
The young soldier-girl moved ahead and followed behind the back spine of Vivacy, catching the edge of the door, entering the new room with a smile. The library was decorated in soft gray wood panel and a set of rosy-tinted walls which complimented the wooden chandelier. The room was twenty seven-feet high by twenty-three feet wide with two sets of matching rose-red and pink curtains. A long side table stood in-between a set of silver plated tall floor lamps. A round table in the middle of room held a mini-bathtub of fresh cut blooming flowers. The she stopped and stood behind the back spine of the Vivacy with a confused brow in silence.
Vivacy had stopped and reached out, pressing a tiny golden medallion at the wooden base of an ancient clock. Inside the book shelf, there sat an unusual shaped lighthouse clock. The clock was made by Simon Willard, commemorating the visit of Marquis de Lafayette to the USA. In the year 1824, the clock was designed and matched Lafayette’s likeness with a glittering tiny golden medallion at a wooden base. The golden medallion had triggered to open the secret door inside the library. The secret door slid open. She moved ahead into the dark corridor with a smirk. “Follow me!”
The charming looking Georgian-style wooden corner cupboard really contained a set of fake photography pictures, delicate plates, and reading novels smoothly slid sideways into the wall. Then, the dark hole hid a very dark passage. The young soldier-girl followed the back spine of the Vivacy through the open doorway and entered a second floor hallway.
Vivacy moved into a red brick-coated hallway towards a closed door with a stern face and reached out, touching and grabbed the silver tinted door knob. The door opened. She moved ahead and climbed down the staircase and stopped, reaching out and touched a second door knob.


First basement setting


The door opened. Vivacy moved ahead with a stern face in silence.
The young soldier-girl followed behind the back spine of Vivacy and entered a narrow and dark bricked coated corridor with a stern face and as the elbows of her military jacket smashed into the rough building wall material inside a large room which was twenty feet high and eighteen feet wide of a the dark corridor. She stumbled both military boot toes over numerous tall book stacks that were filled with reading novels, narrowing her eyelids at the common house furniture. The horizontal eating dining tables occupied both sides of the enclosed walls. Each wall held no window. The tables were filled and labeled with old antiques from the White House’s historical past. She smiled with a whisper. “Wow! This is some old stuff from the White House.” She looked to the left and to the right, admiring each item. A nice glass case displayed an array of colored red, green, and black military medals and dull but sharp tipped swords from President Eisenhower during the war era in America. There were three miniature elephant figures given to him during President Harding’s leadership. Numerous Oriental art pieces with a couple of empty bird cages showed the name President Hoover. There were three rolled and plastic wrapped Asia tapestries that had been carefully printed in black ink with the presidential name William Taft. There were numerous nautical model ships, a set of nautical ocean books, and a map of the Atlantic Ocean that hung on the wall on his right. Each item was carefully labeled in black ink with a presidential name Theodore Roosevelt.
Outside the hallway on top of the staircase, Vivacy reached out and grabbed the edge of the concrete door. The door opened. She entered into a new dark hallway from a side door with a stern face in silence.
The dead end hallway led into an empty room that was decorated with a set of two antique long clothed couches which was nicely upholstered in the colors of gold and black brocade. The twin sofas rested against the opposite walls, facing each other like a sitting room. The set of iron bars identified the room like a jail house. One side of the two walls held a clean-looking toilet, a water piped-exposed porcelain sink, and a set of two hand towels. Each towel hung neatly on a metal ring on each side of the sink. On the same wall, there was a gold and black brocade clothed sofa which faced a twin sofa on the opposite wall.
She reached out and touched the stationary iron bar of a tiny prison cell, feeling the cold metal and rust with a smile and a giggle. The jail door of the prison cell was locked. The young soldier-girl followed behind the back spine of Vivacy and moved down the staircase through the closed door.
Vivacy raced ahead down the crowded hallway of junk items and climbed down a second staircase, stopping on top of the bottom step, reaching out, grabbing the door knob.


Second basement setting


The door opened.
Vivacy moved ahead and slowly strolled down a second hallway with stern face. 
The young soldier-girl followed behind the back spine of Vivacy and moved down the staircase through the open door and entered a new hallway. The hallway was painted in dull gray on each naked cider block appearing isolated while feeling the cold air through her bone coming from the wintertime weather. She slowly moved down the hallway and stared at the side wall with intrigue and a smile in silence. On the side of each wall which was several feet apart, there was a closed gray tinted steel door with a silver tinted door knob. She desired to open and peek into each archway, but the floating object that hovered on top of the city street in Washington DC was the newest emergency on her first day as the female president of America. The lowest basement level or the dungeon was located in one of the lower level bunker sections underneath the E Street road sign. The White House dungeon was rumored to hold a few prisoners of war, who had been collected by the foreign country of Great Britain. And the prisoners of war were heavily interrogated by President Woodrow Wilson during World War Two. Her mind envisioned a tiny rat hole of four cold cement thick walls that formed a square box with a single table. An overhead single naked bulb burned on top of the hair roots of the prisoner of war. In the ceiling corner, there hid a sleek high tech mounted recording camera, spying on the new prisoner or traitor in the dark dank room with a series of upcoming horrible things to this person. 
Vivacy stopped and turned to the side wall with a smirk, standing in front of one of the numerous closed steel doors, reaching out and turned the door handle.


Individual room setting


The door opened.
Vivacy entered into the room with a set of four gray tinted solid walls without a window with a grin.
The soldier-girl reached out and grabbed the edge of the individual door, before it closed and followed behind the back spine of Vivacy, slowly moving ahead and entered the single room of four gray colored concrete walls without a window.
Vivacy stopped and spun around in the middle of the room with a smile in silence.
The solider slowly strolled ahead with a puzzled brow and stopped in front of Vivacy in silence.
Vivacy smiled. “I have repeatedly asked each one of my employees to stop using a personal mobile telephone during your assigned working hours. You are being paid by the American citizens to work, not to type a text to your boyfriend. Give me your personal mobile telephone, right now! I see that I must act like a high school teacher and remove the mobile device from the disobedient elementary student for the day.” The soldier exhaled with a puff of angry in silence and decided to report Vivacy to another president cabinet member for disrespect of her person, extending out an arm with the cupped hand that held her personal mobile telephone. Vivacy reached out and grabbed the wrist bone of the soldier with two cupped hands, flinging the face of the solider into the forward wall inside the tiny room without releasing the upright body.
The face of the solider hit the solid concrete wall with force and as her front teeth broke off. Her lips bust and bleed over her clothing, the wall, and the floor. Her pair of eyeballs was blurry. Her mind was dizzy. Her body ached in pain and suffering. 
Vivacy continued to hold onto the arm of the soldier and swiftly back stepped to the side, jerking the solider from the forward wall with force, flinging the weak body backwards and slamming into the solid side wall. The rear skull of the solider hit the concrete and cracked opened as blood poured out from the face and rear skull of the young sold-er girl.
Vivacy continued to hold onto the soldier and flung the weak body forward towards the other side wall, releasing the wrist bone of the soldier. The young soldier-girl stood upright and wobbled side to side in place. Vivacy whipped a pair of clear eyeglasses and covered both eyeballs for protection, whipping out the hand gun with a left hand, aiming with both hands and fired into the waving upright body of the young soldier. She emptied the entire clip of numerous bullets. The impact of the continuous barge of bullets flung the female towards the rear wall from Vivacy and then tumbled backwards, finally slipping down over the smooth gray tinted floor in the stillness of death.
Vivacy stared with a smile at the dead body in silence and replaced back the smoking hand gun inside the leg hostler, spinning around and moved ahead towards the closed door, reaching out for the door knob.
The door opened.
Vivacy exited the room and turned to face the hallway, strolling ahead with a smile towards the closed doorway with a whisper for her eardrums only. “I always heard that there was a White House dungeon for prisoners. And so, there really is.” She laughed with an evil grin.
The door slowly slammed shut behind the dead body of the young soldier-girl in silence.


11:11 am
Cold temperatures with parted clouds of sunshine
Second floor location
Yellow Oval Room setting


Seebondie and Motate had peacefully rested during the early morning through the late morning hours from all the mental think work on the two alien songs and secretly escaping from the privately shared bedroom on a secret mission, which had produced a third alien musical song.
They had dressed in a set of warm clothing without cleaning up the messy room from the scattered piles of personal clothing like a pair of high school farts and eaten a plate of hot food inside the work room or the Yellow Oval Room, where two of the walls were decorated with gigantic television plasma screens. One displayed the stationary red tinted metal alien ship in the shape of an upright mushroom. The other wall screen was powered down.
Inside the Yellow Oval Room in front of the wall screen that usually held two rows of musical songs that had been sung by a race of aliens, Seebondie bounced up and down in front of the gigantic television screen with a smile. “I am so excited. I am so thrilled. I am so happy. We are going finally solve the mysterious musical message for all three alien songs. What is taking so long? Why is it taking so long? The gigantic plasma screen is blank and black tinted.”
Motate stood in front of the wall of window while smiling at the sunshine which had melted all the snow hanging the guitar off a collar bone while softly strumming the guitar strings with one of her musical songs. The melting snowy sludge nicely hid the set of foot prints from last night during the secret sneak-out from a first floor window and then successful alien mission “The computer has to be reprogrammed to reload all the three alien songs onto one screen.”
She frowned at the wall screen of black tint. “The plasma television screen is the size of a wall that should not be that hard to fit three rows of short musical notes onto the surface.”
The gigantic screen on the entrance wall in front of Seebondie illuminated with an array of bright flashes of colors. Then, the screen presented a single row of each alien song starting with the first one. Motate continued to stare with a smile into the bright sunlight of a pretty new day onto the back lawn of the White House, softly strumming the guitar strings with one of her musical songs.
Seebondie gasped with alarm. “I can’t believe this. I just can’t believe this.”
She continued to smile into the bright sunlight of a pretty new day onto the back lawn of the White House. “I can believe it.”
Seebondie frowned at the wall screen of musical notes. “This is so disappointing to me. The third alien song is shorter than the first two songs and is a repeat. The musical notes are as follows: A0, A7, A7, A7, A2, A0, A0, A7, A7, A4. Thus, the message asks: What and why? This time, they left off the common end set of the eleven musical notes which was shared by the first two alien songs. I am so confused. Why would they do that? What is the significance of the last eleven musical notes? It must be significance to leave it off the third alien musical song. I don’t know. I don’t understand. I am more confused now than before.”
She spun around and strummed the entire strings with a puff of disappointment and frustration, staring at the wall screen of musical notes. “The shock of the replayed second alien song without a set of earthlings in front of the glass window must have freaked them out, so they were shocked and only played half of the alien song, before the team of soldiers with a gun showed up. I didn’t think about that happened. I guess that I would have been freaked out too, if I appeared and played my message to a plant tree during the snowflakes rain.”
Seebondie frowned at the screen with disappointment and frustration. “I wanna call it quits now. I do not know how to translate the three different alien songs. I am clueless and frustrated. I am cold and tired. I wanna go back home to the warm climate of Miami. Do you wanna go back home too, Motate?”
The set of double doors opened and revealed Vivacy in a wrinkled, red hue stained, and smelly pair of military fatigues with a sneer. “What is the translation of three alien songs, musicians?”
Seebondie didn’t bother to look at Vivacy and pointed at the wall screen of musical notes. “The third alien song is nothing but a repeat of the second alien song. The first ten musical notes are repeated in exactly the same pitch and tone and measure as the second alien song. I don’t know what it means?”
Vivacy entered the room and turned to face the screen, moving ahead and stopped, standing next to Seebondie, staring at the three alien songs with a sneer. “You got lucky, babe. You have been blessed with a third set of musical songs. What does all this mean?”
Seebondie frowned at the wall screen of musical notes. “We don’t know.”
Vivacy frowned. “Then, why don’t you guess at something?”
Motate continued to hold the guitar from a collar bone and sneered at the back spine of Vivacy. “We don’t know.”
Vivacy exhaled. “Then, I will inform Madam President of your failure again.”
Seebondie turned with a sneer to see the nose profile of Vivacy. “And please also inform Madam President that I quit, right now, this alien project or whatever you have dubbed the top secret US federal government program. I don’t like you. I don’t like the cold air. I don’t like it here. I’m going back home to Miami. I wanna to call a taxi cab. I will pay for my trip back home with my own money.”
“I must inform the president of your new decision. She might want to save goodbye,” Vivacy back stepped from the wall screen and spun around with a smirk, moving ahead and exited the room. The door closed shut by the new older military soldier.
Inside the work room, Seebondie huffed with annoyance at the closed door. “What is she waiting for? I gave a command to her. I pay her salary. I am an American citizen with numerous inalienable rights. I have the right of freedom. I wanna leave here right now.”
Motate moved ahead with the guitar and stared at the wall screen of musical notes with a stern face. “This is the US federal government. We wait for permission to piss in the snowflakes like all the rest of the obedience soldiers.”
Seebondie moved ahead and advanced towards the grand piano, stopping with a sour frown, sliding down onto the hard bench seat, reaching out and softly played the keyboard. The music would calm her set of mixed emotions and jumbled nerves. “I wanna go home right now.”
She stopped with a stern face and stood in front of the wall screen of three alien songs. “I am going home too. I can’t figure out any of the alien songs either. But, I do see the same similar notes here on the plasma screen. There are only two different alien songs with a third song that contains the exact same musical note sequences.”
Seebondie continued to play the music of Chopin with a stern face, “Because, the aliens are repeating the same message in the same format for the stupid, earthlings. If we repeated that short segment of musical note, then the aliens would play a new song. Then, you or I or another smart mistress of music theory could figure out the alien language, if the alien musical songs were to continue and continue and continue…”
“You are correct. That is the answer. The third alien song has to be repeated in front of the aliens again like a mind game or a child’s game. The aliens are having some fun with the earthlings. This game is like volleyball sport. You toss the ball over the net into the air and then the other team punches the same ball over the net to the opponent. The alien song is the roaming ball. The glass window is the stationary netting between the teams. The aliens can’t breathe and survive on our planet. The earthlings can. The earthlings must continue to hit the ball or play the song back to the aliens in order to learn and spoke their smooth musical language. This is the only answer. We should continue our musical work here, Seebondie.”
She continued to play the piano and changed the classical music from Chopin to Bach with a sour frown. “I don’t wanna do that. I wanna see you or someone else solve ‘the mmm’ on my personal television plasma screen at my house in Miami.”
Motate studied each line of the three alien songs with a stern face. “I always thought the placement of the musical notes was an odd arrangement. When I was being taught to play a guitar, I learned to play the G chord first, since the three finger positions were very easy for a novice guitarist. Once I had mastered the G chord with correct fingers positions, then I learned and then added the C chord while shifting my fingers easier from the G chord on the neck of the guitar into a C chord which was very easy and it had increased my knowledge of the guitar musical notes. However, here on the wall screen, I am perplexed with my perturbed and disturbed deep mental musical musings about the vocally heard and selected seen set of alien musical notes. I find the fingering of the second, third, and four musical notes to be extremely difficult.”
“No, it is not difficult, Motate,” she stopped the music of Bach and reached over, parting both hands and played the second, third and four musical notes on the keyboard with a set of odd sounds and a confused brow. “It is kinda weird hand position and it sound really strange to my musically trained eardrums. But the set of fingering positions is rather easy. One hand hits the first key of lowest register G chord on one side of the piano keyboard. The other hand reaches up and hits the highest register on other side of the keyboard on the A chord.”
Motate strummed the guitar and shifted her talented fingers from the G chord to the C chord with ease, staring with a puzzled brow at the first alien song. “Logical, as a novice guitarist, I expanded my knowledge of the guitar chords with a set of additional finger positions, so I could create a musical song. The easier guitar chord is G which smoothly flows side to side from G chord into the G7 chord where the number seven is the highest octave pitch on a guitar.”
She continued to play on the piano to relief the disappointment of the new job with a stern face. “Every modern piano has fifty two white keys and thirty six black keys for a total of eighty eight keys. An octave spans eight notes in the musical scale and a standard piano keyboard includes seven full octaves across its fifty two white keys with a third minor of C that goes from A0 to C8. Many older pianos only have eighty five black and white tinted keys with seven octaves from A0 to A7. What is your point of the dull and boring one-sided conversation of G chords and their numerous fingers positions, Motate? When is Vivacy coming back with the president? I am getting bored and restless inside this room.”
Motate exhaled. “I mean that I find the continuous finger play from an extreme lowest register on the piano and then up towards the extreme highest register on the same piano keyboard within each musical alien song to appear more like a code or a symbol or a specific something rather than a simple musical note. A set of musical notes is produced with a beat, a tempo, and a rhythm which forms a musical song which can become a popular tune for an audience.”
She continued to play the piano with the music from Beethoven. “This is a musical chant with a set of varied whole notes. The aliens used a set of whole notes to tempo a slow beat for the stupid earthlings to figure out, where we are too stupid to do that.”
“I do believe that the aliens purposely used a set of whole notes within the musical song. But each musical note seems to be just as important as the next one.”
She continued to play the piano with the music from Mozart. “Why do you say that?”
“The weird finger positions are important. You have to split both your hands apart to make each sound of every single musical whole note. Each measure starts with a low register and then leaps up into a high register which is very consistent without the other note scales for beauty like a real musical song. And finally, the alien created musical sound is like a siren of notes.”
“What does that mean?”
“When the musical notes are played one at a time, the sound goes from a low to a high pitch like a siren on a fire truck sound or a police car sound or an ambulance sound.”
She stopped the music and stared down at the keyboard with a puzzled brow. “Well, that is an interesting theory!” She turned and frowned at Motate. “So, are you thinking that each musical note has a meaning which can be translated into a word?”
Motate shook her curls and studied each musical note on the wall screen, “Nope! I am thinking a word for each musical note is too big. I think each musical note is a code which links a single message for us, not a sentence structure with a proper noun and an action verb that would be labeled as a product of an advanced human language. I think each musical note is a single letter. The message is a single word like love or hello or bye.”
She stood upright from the piano and scooted away from the piano bench with a smile. “Wow! That is both brilliant and simple, Motate. If each single musical note was only a single letter, then a single message would be easier to decipher,” she stopped and stood beside Motate, studying the wall screen of musical notes that contained the three alien songs.
“How would we decipher each musical note into a single letter? Which alphabet would we use? There are numerous versions of human alphabet symbols on planet Earth.”
“That is too easy. I can answer that question. The alien ship landed here in the USA, so we use our own alphabet version. There are twenty six letters in the American alphabetic,” Motate back stepped and leaned over, placing the guitar on top of the sofa cushion with a smile, standing upright and stared at the musical notes. The first alien song displayed the following musical notes in playing order: G1, A0, A7, A7, A4, E1, E1, A0, A7, A7, A6, A0, A7, A2, A0, A7, A7, G1, A0, A7, A7, A5. She smiled. “We analyze the first alien song. To me, if we assume that each musical note is really a single letter, then the aliens made the first note easy and used our American alphabet. The first musical note is G chord or the alphabetic letter of G,” she moved ahead and stopped, standing in front of the writable and washable wall screen, lifting up the eraser, wiping off the red markings. She placed a red tinted capital G over the first musical note. Now, the second note is also provided by the aliens like a geometry problem. It is the letter A,” she placed a red tinted capital A over the second musical note. The third musical note is the letter A also. So, we have GAA…”
“GAAAAEEAAAAAAA and it goes on and on and on with the same conclusion from two days ago, Motate,” Seebondie frowned. “This is not working.”
Motate exhaled with a puff of annoyance at her new friend. “Yes, it makes the most logical sense. Okay! Let’s look at this problem in a different way. The series of musical A-chords must have a common or uncommon notation.”
“Notation! Notation! Each note is a separate octave. An octave is designated as a math number. Computer, place the numeric octave notation next to the musical note on each alien song on the wall screen.” A math number appeared beside the musical note which was a letter.
“Look at that!”
“Look at that too!”
“I completely see the pattern.”
“I completely see the pattern too.”
Motate clapped with a smile at the musical notes. “Let’s get to work! The first letter is G. The second set of musical notes starts with the lowest register of A chord which is designated with the octave of zero, then A7 and then A7, and then A4 which is one letter among the twenty six letters of the American alphabet. Okay! The second set is still a mystery. Let’s continue! The third measure is the letter E. The fourth measure is the letter E. The fifth measure is the set of four musical notes. So, we see the sequence letters of GXEEX. What word does that spell? Greed. That can’t be right!”
“No, that is not correct,” Seebondie whipped the mobile telephone and typed on the tiny keyboard. “I am typing in the first letter of G and see what word shows up. I see glee. The alien message is glee club. No. That doesn’t make any sense. I am typing on the screen. I see the word, Greek. Green. Greenback, Green bean. Green belt. Greenery. Green eyed. Green horn. Green house. Green manure. Green pepper. Green room. Green thumb. Green wood.”
“Greet,” Motate laughed. “The alien word is ‘greet’ for ‘hi.’ That means the other musical notes could be the rest of the single word, greetings. The word greetings is comprised of nine letters. And there are nine different low register musical notes: G1, A0, E1, E1, A0, A0, A0, G1, A0. If you apply a single letter to a single note, you get GXEETXXGS. Wow! That looks much clearly without converting all the other musical notes into a single letter. That word is greetings which means ‘hello’ from the pair of naked aliens,” she laughed with a clap.
Seebondie bounced up and down with a smile. “Yes. Yes. You are correct. So, how do we convert the other musical notes into letters? There is a patter system here. I just don’t see it.”
“Forget it!” Motate laughed. “We can do it by sight now. The first alien song means greetings. The second alien song starts with a different low register of A. So the first word is A. the second letter is A also. That doesn’t make sense, Seebondie.”
Seebondie frowned at the wall screen. “Yes, you are doing it wrong. The first musical subset is composed of four musical notes of A0, A7, A7, A7, A2. It is not a letter of A. It is a letter of something else on the American alphabet. The second musical note is the single letter of A. The three subset is composed of four musical notes of A0, A7, A7, A4. Hey! That is the second subset of musical notes that is designated as the same letter R on the first alien song in the alien word: greetings.  This is too easy. We will finish deciphering all three alien songs before the president. Come back and fires us. Then we can go home.”
She stared at eh wall screen of musical notes with a smile. “Barings. Carings. Darings. Fairings. Garings. Harings,” Motate laughed. “Those are a set of funny words for the planet of earthlings. So the second word has to be the word, earthlings. It contains the last four letters of I, N, G, S like the word, greetings. So, the two songs are translated into: Greetings, earthlings.”
Seebondie frowned at the wall screen of musical notes. “But, the second alien song contains eight letters, not nine letters. That is the first difference. The second difference, the second song is too short for the word, earthlings.”
She laughed. “So, the aliens can’t spell. They carry a tune with a nice pitch thou. Look! They spelled the word earthlings wrong. It is spelled eartings or something like that with a set of eight letters that match the eight different musical subsets.”
Seebondie continued to type on the tiny keyboard with a stern face and search for the answer. “No, you are wrong. The biggest difference is the third alien song contains only three musical subsets that match the first three musical subsets of the second song. The third alien song is composed of A0, A7, A7, A7, A2, A0, A0, A7, A7, A4. So, we use algebra and substitute the mystery letter with X and then we get XAR, which is still a mystery to my mind.”
Motate laughed at the wall screen of musical notes. “Not my mind! I don’t mind. We call out all the words that come to mind. Aar. Bar. Car. Dar. Far,” she laughed. “O mine! The aliens have called us, fartings. That is too funny. I like the pair of naked aliens. We should go and respond back with a slick word using their musical pattern for fun.”
She sneered down at the tiny screen of the mobile telephone. “No! You are wrong again, Motate!”
Motate turned and snarled down at the hair roots of Seebondie. “Stop saying that!”
She exhaled with a puff of worry and continued to stare down at the tiny screen on the mobile telephone. “I am serious here, Motate. If the word was earthlings but misspelled, then the first musical note and the first letter would be low register of E. I do not see musical note of E1 on the second or the third alien song. Do you, Motate?”
Motate turned and gasped at the wall screen of musical notes. “O! I am sorry,” she smiled. “I am being funny and foolish. I am going back to the vocal rhyming scheme. Bar. Car, Dar. Far, Ear. Is the human word, ear? Earrings. It does match the eight subset musical notes perfected. It is very, very close the vocal sound of earthlings, since the aliens can’t spell but only fly a space ship and land on planet Earth with a world of clueless earthlings.”
She continued to stare down with a worried brow at the tiny screen on the mobile telephone. “I do not believe so. Keep yelling out your vocal rhyming scheme!”
Motate exhaled with a puff of frustration. “Okay! Far. Gar. Har. Iar. Jar. Kar. Lar. Mar. Nar. Oar. Par. Qar Rar. Sar. Tar. Uar. Var War,” she gagged on tongue mouth spit with terror and fear. 
The room went silent for a few seconds.
Seebondie looked up with a worried brow to see a pair of worried eyeballs from Motate, exhaling with a puff of concern. “The rest of the three-lettered words do not make sense.”
Motate flipped a hand with a fake smile. “Because, the aliens freaked out and didn’t complete the third alien song when the guns showed up that were attached to the cupped hand of a vile soldier,” she tossed both arms into the air with a fake smile. “First, we need to figure out the proper conversion system for the rest of the subset of musical notes. Once we do that, then we can accurately convert the rest of the second and then the third alien songs. Now, the first alien song is clearly and happily the word, greetings,” she turned to face the wall screen of musical notes. “How do we prove the second subset of musical notes on the first alien song is the American letter R?”
Seebondie wiped the single tear of worry and turned to face the wall screen of musical notes. “The second, fifth, sixth, seventh, and ninth subsets contain the same musical note of A chord. However, the translation is not the English letter A. So, inside the each musical subset, the aliens left us the key. The second subset is the letter R coming from our American alphabet which nicely spells out the friendly earthling word, greetings. How do we prove that?”
“Inside the second subset, there are both letters and numbers. The first alien song is the single word, greeting. The musical scale is only composed of the letters: A, B, C, D, E, F, G, which is the first seven letters of the American alphabet. So, the aliens used what was available to them and to us to spell out the single word within the single alien song. So, they used a single alphabetic letter for a single musical note like the G chord for the letter G and the E chord for the letter E. Now, I said it out loud. But, I still don’t understand what it means or what I just said.”
“The aliens used the lowest register on the piano keyboard, the A chord, which is not the true alphabet letter in the alien message, but a different letter on the American alphabet. And the lowest register on the piano keyboard is designated to all musicians as A0,” Seebondie bounced up and down on top of the hard floor with a smile of happiness. “The number zero is always zero. The number zero is always the starting place of anything for a human. Don’t you understand?”
“Nope!”
Seebondie stopped the bounce and exhaled with a puff of excitement. “The second subset of the four musical notes displays only the A chord, but there are a set of different octaves. Each octave is a different math number. A musician sees the following: A0, A7, A7, A4. When you add 0 plus 7 plus 7 plus 4, the product is 18. The number 18 is the only variable within the subset of musical notes and important to the aliens here for some reason. Why is the number eighteen important here? What does the number 18 have to do with the letter R?”
Motate reached down and whipped out the mobile telephone, looking down with a smile at the tiny screen, typing on the tiny keyboard to find the answer. “The eighteenth letter of the English alphabet is the letter R,” she looked up with a laugh to see Seebondie. “We do it!”
Seebondie danced side to side with her own song. “We did it! We solved the alien musical song. Each musical note is associated with a numeric octave. The second subset of musical notes is not the letter A. When you add up all the displayed math octaves of each note, it is the letter R.”
Motate looked up to the next musical subset and then down with a smile at the tiny screen on the mobile telephone. “So, the fifth subset of musical notes, where the octave math numbers are 0, 7, 7 and 6, the math number adds up to 20. The letter of T is the twentieth position on the English alphabet. The sixth subset of musical notes of the following numbers 0, 7, 2 is the number nine. The ninth letter of the English alphabet is the letter I,” she smiled. Seebondie stopped the dance moves with a smile and moved ahead, stopping and stood in front of the wall screen, lifting up the red marker and jolted down all the new information on top of the upright writable and washable gigantic wall screen for proof and to record the new conversion system. Motate continued to read out loud from the mobile telephone. “The seventh subset of musical notes shows the math octaves of 0, 7, 7 which adds up to the number 14 which is the English letter N. The eighth note is the letter G. and the final and ninth musical subset is 0, 7, 7, 5 which adds up to 19 and that is the letter S,” she back stepped with a smile to see each alien song plus all the notations in red hue where Seebondie all the new information to convert an alien musical note into an American letter. At the top of the wall screen, there was a straight line which showed all twenty-six letters of the alphabet. Below the alphabet letter, there was the correct position within the alphabet format. For example, the letter A was designated with the number one for the first position. The letter Z was designated as the number twenty-six for the last position within the American alphabet.
Below the line of numbers, the first alien song had been separated by a vertical line at the lowest register into nine musical subsets of one single note or a group of notes. For example, the first musical letter of G chord had a vertical line that was drawn between G1 and A0 of the second musical subset. Above each subset, Seebondie had hand printed the corresponding English alphabetic letter. For example, the second musical subset of note of A0, A7, A7, A4 had been designated as the English alphabetic of R. finally, at the end of each alien song, Seebondie had hand printed the single human message.
Seebondie back stepped with a smile and stopped, standing beside Motate, staring at the wall screen with the alien songs plus all the new red colored information. “I placed a vertical line between each musical note of A0 or G1. Now, I see that the first note of G chord is really a human letter of G. The second through fourth notes, it forms another human letter which is the letter R. The fifth and sixth notes clearly form the letter E. The seventh through tenth musical notes is the letter T. I see a nice letter pattern that forms the single word of greetings.”
Motate nodded with a smile. “Yeah! The lowest register pitch on a piano is the musical note of A0. So, the aliens have used the universal sign of music to send us a simple alien message. Within the alien message, they have separated the words by the first note on a piano keyboard, the A0. This is really brilliant of them, since they can’t speak our human earthling language.”
The second alien song was comprised of A0, A7, A7, A7, A2, A0, A7, A7, A4, A0, A7, A7, A0, A7, A7, A6, A0, A7, A2, A0, A7, A7, A0, A7, A7, A5. Motate laughed with a nod. “Now, if I apply our slick conversion note to letter method to the second alien song, then I can easily spell out the single human word, warmings. See? It is another nice happy hello greeting to us, earthling.”
Seebondie looked with a confused brow at the second alien song. “But the English word is warming, not warmings. I am warming up to you. I am warming the iron. I am warming the cold coffee. That is not the right spelling or meaning here of the human word, warmings.”
Motate smiled. “So, the third alien song is the human word, warmings, too.”
Seebondie gasped at the wall screen of musical notes and red colored notations. “How do you know that? The third alien song is composed of shorter range of musical notes than the first two songs.”
“Yeah, it is shorter. It was not completed or finished or played until the end when the team of soldiers showed up and then scared the pair of naked aliens into hiding again.” Motate laughed. “Now, we need to show the president that we can communicate with the aliens,” she spun around from the wall screen of musical notes and moved ahead with a smile towards the line of musical instrument, stopping and reached out, picking up the piccolo. “The aliens are stupid. Okay. They don’t know. They did their best to communicate in an alien tongue. So, their best is good. Now that we know the correct musical pattern, we should come up some slick response on the piccolo pitch that answers all the three alien questions. I was thinking something like this. Hello, my new friends! Welcome to planet Earth! We are the earthling! Come out and play in the snow. What do you think?”
Seebondie stared with a worried brow at the wall screen of musical notes. “How much is seven plus seven?”
She replaced back the piccolo and picked up the trumpet with a smile. “Didn’t you graduate elementary school or middle school or high school or college? The product of seven plus seven is fourteen.”
“What is the fourteenth letter on the English alphabet, Motate?”
“A, B, C…” she fingered the piccolo with a smile. “The fourteenth letter is N.”
“On the first alien song of musical notes, the N is shown with the octave numbers of A0, A7, A7 which is the number fourteen. Do you agree?”
“Yes.”
Seebondie pointed at the screen of musical notes with a worried brow. “On the first second song of musical notes, the N is shown with the octave numbers of fourteen…”
Motate reached out and touched the trombone with a smile. “What are you doing, Seebondie?”
Seebondie frowned. “Look back at the wall screen of musical notes from the aliens!” Motate spun around and held the trumpet with a smile and stared at eh wall screen of musical notes in silence. Seebondie pointed at the wall screen with a worried brow. “On the second alien song, the fourth subset of three musical notes is composed of A0, A7, A7, which is the number fourteen.”
“That is not possible! That would mean that the single human word is warnings,” Motate spun around with a gasp in alarm and studied the second alien song, “No. No. No.” 
“Yes. Yes. Yes. The human word is warnings, not warmings. The word, warmings, does not exist within the human language, but the word, warnings, is a true American word for trouble. So, the third alien song is the word, war.”
She gasped, “No. No. No.”
Seebondie exhaled with worry. “Yes. Yes. Yes. The third alien song played three full times before you finally disconnected the telephone call on Vivacy’s mobile telephone which was replaying the second alien song underneath the tall plant tree in front of the alien ship. I remembered and recalled hearing that short musical song, three different times. I am a musician. I remember musical songs. The third alien song played three times, Motate. It was not shortened or cut off or unfinished by the aliens. The entire alien message is displayed in three words: greetings, warnings, war. The aliens want a war with us. They want our planet that all makes too much sense to me. We gotta go and tell Vivacy right now.”
“No. Vivacy wants a war with the aliens, but all the earthling will lose. No. We gotta go and communicate with the aliens ourselves. We gotta go and tell them that all earthlings want peace. We are their new friends. We play and record the human words of friends and peace. Then, we ran down and stand in front of the glass window with the first set of aliens and play it from one of our mobile telephones. Then, they will understand that we want peace.”
Seebondie spun around to face the closed door and ran ahead with a worried brow. “We need to tell the president, right now, immediately.”
Motate released and dropped the trumpet down to the hard floor and ran ahead with a worried brow, slamming into the back spine of Seebondie while twirling them in a completed circle over the floor and stopped with a stern face and a whisper into the cheekbone of Seebondie. “No! Madam President has been a mean person, since I have arrived here. She is like-mind with Vivacy. She wants to kill the aliens too. We can’t defeat an outer space ship. We can’t kill them with a nuclear bomb. It will kill us last. We must communicate back to them our peace and our fear. Then, the aliens will understand our good intentions. Look! They have been trying to communicate. We have been not trying to communicate, because of Madam President and Vivacy. Now, we will.”
Seebondie whispered with fear. “I am afraid.”
Motate released Seebondie with a stern face and spun around to face the piano, swiftly advancing ahead and sat down on top of the hard bench, reaching out with both hands and a stern face towards the keyboard. “There is no time to be afraid. We must be strong. We must work together and communicate with the aliens, right now. We will respond with a new musical song that spells out the single word, peace. It is the musical notes of A0, A7, A7, A2 for the individual letter of P. The rest of the word is made of musical letter notes of E, A, C, E. I am practicing the musical song from us to play to the aliens. Go and get your cell phone! We get one shot at this. Go and get ready to set the recording button. I will play out loud the new musical song for the single earthling response. You record it. Then, we sneak out and go down that shiny tinted tunnel…”
Seebondie looked down with a worried brow and whipped out the mobile telephone, moving ahead and stopped, standing at the edge of the piano keyboard for the new alien mission. “No. That is too dangerous. We could get shot and killed by one of the soldiers.”
She continued to practice the new musical song on the piano with nervousness of her life form with a stern face of worry. “No, we will not. All the soldiers are patrolling the outside of the alien ship. They can’t figure out who had stolen Vivacy’s mobile telephone, so they are actually waiting and watching for the thief to come back,” Motate laughed with a wicked grin and continued to play the piano with the new musical song. “But, we are not coming back that way to see the roaming patrols of soldiers. We will go directly down the tunnel with the soggy and smelly pale blue carpet and then leave your mobile telephone on the top of the flat red tinted metal platform and do the same thing as before. We will set up the earthling musical respond on the ring tone on your personal mobile telephone. We will use my personal mobile telephone to call your mobile telephone and then activate the earthling musical song to the three alien song with the human word of peace,” she reached down into the pocket of the jacket and pulled out her personal mobile telephone, extending an arm with the phone to Seebondie with a stern face. “Punch in your personal mobile telephone number inside my menu! We will drive down and play your mobile telephone on top of the flat platform and then leave out from the alien ship while heading off or blocking the others. On our way back towards the front porch of the White House building, we will call your mobile telephone. Then your ring tone will announce our musical song to the aliens. The aliens will respond with a new fourth musical song. We will be able to decipher it very quickly to see if it is friendly or….”
Seebondie added her mobile telephone number onto Motate’s mobile phone directory with a worried brow. “Okay. Okay. I placed my number inside your phone. Okay. I am ready. Play the new musical song!”
Motate placed both hands above the keyboard and turned with a stern face and a nod in silence for Seebondie to press the recording button without creating any background noise. Seebondie held the speaker of the mobile telephone near the edge of the piano keyboard to pick the full pitch and pressed the recording button with a stern face to Motate. Motate slowly played out the musical notes of A0, A7, A7, A2, E1, A0, C1, E1 and then stopped with a smile. Seebondie reached over and cut off the recording button with a nod in silence.
Motate stood upright from the bench with a worried brow and scooted sideways out form the piano, racing towards the closed doors. Seebondie swung around with a gasp to see the back spine of Motate. “We need a fur coat from the cold air.”
“No time! I’m too hot and heated with worry to stop for a coat,” Motate reached out and touched, grabbing the door knob, twisting the wrist bone. The door opened. She ran ahead with a worried brow and yelled at the posed guard. “We are leaving the White House for home. Bye! Have a nice life, soldier!” She dashed across the busy floor with a worried brow, down the staircase, and then veered towards the closed front door of the White House that lead towards the alien ship and the tunnel which was unguarded with a single soldier as she had predicted. Vivacy had the entire army of soldier outside in the freezing weather looking for the thief to return back to the alien ship, which had secretly been Motate. On the new mission this time, the thief was going down the other fox burrow.
On the first floor at the front door, Motate ran ahead and reached out, grabbing the door knob, slamming it open with a worried brow. Seebondie followed behind the back spine of Motate with a set of sweat and worry also. 
On the second floor, Vivacy slowly strolled up the staircase with a smile. The president had dismissed the two musicians from the alien duty and the property. Vivacy would personally escort the two women off the campus of the White house and into a rotating helicopter on the south lawn, where the two women would be sent back to their home state. She stopped with a gasp and then ran ahead, stopping and stood inside the open archway with a shout out loud of fury to the lazy soldier. “Where are the two musicians?”
The soldier stood in front of the side table with the green flowering plant and continued to hold his personal mobile telephone while reading all the sweet texts from his sexy girlfriend with a smile. “They left. They said that they leaving the White House and were going back home.”
“You, stupid fool!” Vivacy back stepped from the archway and twirled around, reaching out and punched the exposed jaw line of the soldier with a sneer. The soldier stumbled to the side with a gasp and stopped, standing with in fury, reaching up and touched the aching jaw line from the powerful fist punch of his supervisor. She sneered. “They are the criminals that activated the third alien song. They have escaped from me. I will deal with you later. Go and get a team of soldiers and search every corner of the White House. They can’t be too far. Go! Move! Now!”
Yes ma’am!” The soldier raced ahead while holding the mobile telephone and the arching jaw line, dashing down the staircase towards the command post to report the incident with the bitch first.
Vivacy spun around with a sneer and raced back down the staircase to find the two musicians, dealing with them for the last time.


1:01 pm
Interior silver tinted tunnel setting
Sunshine and cold temperatures without snowflakes


Motate veered towards the parked white colored golf kart and slid down into the driver’s seat, leaning over the steering wheel, slapping the ignition button while cranking the cold engine. The golf kart powered on the first charge. Seebondie scooted around the rear bumper and slid down into the passenger seat beside Motate.
Motate pressed the gas pedal down to the floor as the kart roared with power, swiftly moving over the top of the soggy and smelly pale blue carpet coming from the melting snow and evaporating water inside the enclosed shiny silver tinted tunnel. The tunnel looked the same except there wasn’t a posted guard or a visitor but the two musicians. Motate didn’t bother to view the side walls and drove down the long tunnel with worry.
Seebondie held a mobile telephone in each hand in the cold air with worry. “Is the cold air going to affect the phone?”
She drove with a worried brow. “No.”
“Should we start the ring tone right now, right here, before we arrive at the glass window of the ship?”
She drove with a worried brow. “No.”
Seebondie frowned down at each mobile telephone with a puff of annoyance. “I disagree. We should start the ring tone now.”
On the first floor setting, Vivacy ran down the staircase and stopped, skidding over the floor with a gasp. “Where did they go? Of course, they went down the tunnel and are returning back to the alien ship again,” she ran ahead through the open archway with a sneer and veered towards one of the parked golf kart, sliding into the driver’s seat, slapping the button. The kart powered immediately. She pressed down on the gas pedal as the kart swiftly moved ahead down the tunnel towards the alien ship. She could see the first kart with the musicians.
Inside the tunnel on the shared seat of the golf kart of Motate and Seebondie, Seebondie dropped the other mobile telephone down into the lap and reached over with a worried brow, swishing the telephone icon on Motate’s telephone.
Motate looked over with a gasp and slapped the brakes as the kart jolted to a stop. She reached over and touched the hands of Seebondie with a worried brow. “No. Don’t start the ring tone here right now! The cameras will record it and our faces. We need time to get to the end of the tunnel. I can see the alien ship. This is part of that social call. We have to be directly in front of the aliens. Or they didn’t hear or see or feel all the vibrations from the musical sound waves. I believe that the aliens only feel sound. They didn’t understand a word or a sentence structure of words or language. So don’t! We are almost there. We will win this time. We will save the world, Seebondie,” she turned with a smile to face the tunnel road and slapped both hands over the steering wheel. 
Inside the golf kart of Vivacy, she smiled with a sneer, “I got you, now, Motate!” Vivacy continued to press the gas pedal down to the floor as her kart gained distance on the stopped kart. Then, the iron grill of her kart rammed into the smooth plastic rear bumper of Motate’s kart.
Motate gasped in alarm and slammed the gas pedal down to the floor, moving ahead while looking back over a collar bone to see Vivacy. She drove ahead and returned a face to see the tunnel and the alien ship with a worried brow. “Duck down underneath the dashboard of the kart, Seebondie! Vivacy is right behind me. We are ramming this kart into the alien ship. That will get their undivided attention. When I slid the kart to the…” The bullet sounded with a single loud boom as it discharged from the hand gun of Vivacy and then it hit the rear skull on Motate. The head of Motate exploded into an array of red tinted blood streaks, gray chunks of brain matter, numerous black hair strands, and numerous white bone fragments. The kart slowed and then halted.
Seebondie screamed from fear and tumbled sideways, falling out from the passenger seat and landed on top of the soggy carpet, standing upright with a worried brow, reaching out with a set of sobs and grabbed the other mobile telephone on the seat. She had to play the musical song to the aliens. Or the aliens would attack and destroy planet earth. Maybe, the aliens would help her with Vivacy. She spun around with a set of sobs of fear and ran ahead towards the four steps that lead up the flat platform with a set of heavy puffs of cold air. She reached down and fiddled with the mobile telephone but needed to stop to dial the number.
Inside the kart, Vivacy slammed the brake pedal and drove the kart sideways, jumping out from the moving vehicle and tumbled over the soggy carpet upright, running head and chased after Seebondie. Seebondie held on a mobile telephone in a hand which contained a new musical song for the aliens. If the musician played the son, the aliens would survive to peach. Vivacy wanted a war with t aliens.
Both Vivacy and Seebondie ran ahead towards the glass window.
Vivacy leaped into the air and came down, colliding with the back spine of Seebondie with a loud grunt, twirling both of them around and around with a set of sneers. Vivacy swirled and shoved the back spine of Seebondie into the exterior hard cold metal of the alien ship. Seebondie bit the mouth tongue, producing both blood spittle and grunts of pain while seeing a field of yellow tinted stars in front of a pair of blinking eyelashes. Vivacy reached over and grabbed the hunting knife from the slotted pocket on the leg of her military fatigues, lifting up it up into the air and dropped it down, stabbing the sharp tip down into the collar bone of Seebondie. Seebondie screamed in pain and then swiftly dropped down, landing on top of the wet soggy pale blue carpet in her own blood, dropping both of the mobile telephones over the carpet. She reached up and grabbed the wound with a set of tears of pain.
Vivacy reached down and shoved both the hands of Seebondie to the side, jerking out and lifted the hunting knife into the air, ramming the tip into the top of the blonde hair roots of Seebondie. Seebondie screamed and then exhaled with a last breathe into death.
Vivacy back stepped with a sneer and stared with a sour frown at the dead musician in silence, reached down, slipping the bloody knife back down into the pocket slot on the side of the trousers of the fatigue. She back stepped further from Seebondie and stopped, leaning down, snatching the mobile telephone, studying the item with a smile. “This is the mobile telephone for Motate. I got your phone, Motate. You can’t have it, since you’re dead. I will bury your dead body later,” she looked down with a puzzled brow at the second mobile telephone with a laugh. “Now, I understand how she did it. Motate stole and then adjusted my personal mobile telephone modifying the ring tone with the second alien song. Then she stole and used the mobile telephone from the soldier to dial up my personal mobile telephone from warm and cozy bedroom inside the White House. My mobile phone was hidden underneath the plant. When it rang out loud, the second alien song played in the naked air waves. Then, the aliens reacted. Well, I am not that stupid, Motate. Your phone has the new musical song that you wanted the aliens to hear. Sorry! They will not hear it. You will not hear it. Then, I will blow-up the alien ship with all the aliens. Good night for everyone!” She dropped the mobile telephone down to the carpet and lifted a boot, slamming it back down, destroying the phone. “There! It is done!”
The second mobile telephone on top of the soggy carpet in front of dead Seebondie started ringing with a new caller as the ring tone performed a musical song of the third alien song. The range of musical notes came from the wordless song was structured based on the musical scale as A0, A7, A7,A7, A2, A0, A0, A7, A7, A4.
Vivacy spun around with a gasp of alarm to see glass window.
At the echo of the first musical note, inside the glass window of the alien ship, the pair of aliens appeared again within the red tinted air. Each human-like alien possessed a head of black colored long hair down to the shoulder, a tone of pale tinted skin, a pair of blue colored eyeballs, a pair of red tinted lips on a naked body that clearly distinguished between a male and a female.
Inside the glass window of brightness, the red tinted air drifted over the brightness, at the echo of the first musical note, a pair of aliens appeared again within the red tinted air. Each human-like alien possessed a head of black colored long hair down to the shoulder, a tone of pale tinted skin, a pair of blue colored eyeballs, a pair of red tinted lips on a naked body that clearly distinguished between a male and a female. Each alien stared out inside the moonlight beams with a silly smirk and a chin tilt to the plant tree.
The human-like male and female both blinked both eyelashes open and shut, tilting a chin to the side, opening the mouth. They both sung in low musical note out loud which penetrated the solid glass wall into each pair of eardrums of the spying equipment on each drone and then shifted a chin to the other side, singing with a set of different musical notes. They continued to sing and shift a chin side to side, blinking both eyelashes open and close, staring with a smile at tree plant without a set of words. The range of musical notes from a wordless song had been musical structured based on the musical scale and sounded to each pair of human eardrums as A0, A7, A7, A7, A4, A0, A7, A7, A7, A0, A7, A7.
The second mobile telephone on top of the soggy carpet in front of dead Seebondie started ringing with a new caller as the ring tone performed a musical song of the third alien song. The range of musical notes came from the wordless song was structured based on the musical scale as A0, A7, A7,A7, A2, A0, A0, A7, A7, A4.
The human-like male and female both blinked both eyelashes open and shut, tilting a chin to the side, continuing to sing the musical notes of A0, A7, A7, A7, A4, A0, A7, A7, A7, A0, A7, A7.
On top of the soggy carpet outside the glass window, Vivacy spun around with a sneer and dashed ahead, leaping into the air and landed on top of the second mobile telephone, slamming it with both boot heels with a snarl. The phone died. The ring tone stopped.
Her personal new mobile telephone rang out loud with the musical song of The Star-Spangled Banner. She reached down and grabbed the phone from the bloody pocket, lifting it, covering one of the ringing eardrums from the loud musical song with a smile into the speaker of her newly issued mobile telephone. “Yes ma’am! I took care of these two pesky thieves. They are dead. They will not bother you again.”
Pause.
“You are very welcome, Madam President,” she dropped down the hand with phone and moved ahead, leaving behind the two shattered metal phones and the shattered dead bodies of Seebondie and Motate inside the tunnel, sliding down into the driver’s seat of Motate’s old kart, returning back down the tunnel to the front porch of the White House.


1:27 pm
White House location
Front door setting


Inside the White House on the first floor, she entered through the open door and stopped a few feet inside the doorway, reaching out and grabbed the arm of the roaming soldier with a sneer. “I want a team of hazmat units to go and gather up the alien tunnel. I want the entire tent and all the contents inside burnt to a crisp from a very hot fire.”
The soldier frowned. “Why do you want it burnt? That will take hours and hours.”
“The interior of the tent tunnel has been contaminated with all the alien germs. The glass popped and cracked open.”
The older military soldier gasped with a nod. “Yes ma’am! I will order that hazmat unit and burn the tent and all the contents immediately.”
“Do not enter the tent! Wrap and roll it from the exterior. I don’t want any of my soldiers sick.
“Yes ma’am! I understand completely. Wrap and roll the tent cover coming from the exterior point. No one to get sick!” He dashed ahead with the stern face of the new order.
“Dismissed!” She slowly moved ahead with a whistle. The two musicians were the original troublemakers. Now, they were dead. Now, Vivacy would activate the nuclear bomb and finally destroy the alien ship. She moved up the staircase and entered the work room or the Yellow Oval Room with a sour frown, stopping and stood in front of the wall screen of blank and black tint.


1:35 pm
Yellow Oval Room setting


Inside the interior of the room, the wall screen flashed in array of colors and then displayed four separate rows that showed an alien musical song.
“What is this?” Vivacy smiled at the wall screen of musical notes and red tinted musical notations. “They really did it. The musicians really did figure out how to communicate with the aliens. I am impressed. The first alien song translates into the single word, greetings. The second alien song translates into the single word, warnings. The third alien song translates into the single word, war. Damn! If these alien musical translates are right, then this is totally wrong. So, what does the fourth alien song translate?” She reached over and grabbed the red marker, following the same conversion method. “The first four musical notes are the same as the letter R. The last three musical notes represent the letter N. That’s easy. There isn’t a translation for the fifth, sixth, and seventh musical notes. Well, I gotta do it myself. Each musical note has a different numbered octave. The musical notes of A0, A7, A7, A7 equal the numbers of 0 plus 7 plus 7 plus 7. That is equal to the number 21. The number 21 is the alphabetic letter of U. Thus, the fourth alien song is,” she gasped with alarm. “Run.”
The fourth alien musical song echoed out loud from the alien ship with a warning and as the first flying alien bomb discharged out from one of the side glass windows on the mushroom shaped ship. The first alien bomb launched into the air and over the rooftop of the White House, landing down in the dead grass and the row of tall trees on the back lawn, starting a blue and red tinted yard fire. Vivacy spun around with a gasp to see outside the row of windows. There was an array of numerous flying alien bombs that were falling down from the blue skyline. She whispered, “Run!”
Then, the window exploded into zillions of glass fragments in front of her eyeballs.
















The end

