


Voyage of The Beyonder

By DD White
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition

Contents: Chapters

Chapter 1:
Chapter 2:
Chapter 3:
Chapter 4:
Chapter 5:
Chapter 6:
Chapter 7: 
Chapter 8: 
Chapter 9: 
Chapter 10: 
Chapter 11: 
Chapter 12: 
Epilogue:

Contents: Illustrations

Captain Mynervood’s Hologram Disguised Vehicle:
Fifteen Stars of Nephapricus:
Jaden and Fluisudal:
Prospero and Randa:
Hagan Hiedalli and Beatarkameed:
Diagram of The Beyonder:
Alldegallo’s Rude Awakening:
Alldegallo Sees Mountain from Dream:
The Trial of Captain Mynervood:
The Battle for Caleb:
Begalius, Beatariel, and the Calebites:
Ceres and Prospero:
Dr. Thelem, Ferdinand, and Randa:
The Phantom Matter Singularity:


Chapter 1

The Beyonder’s voyage got accomplished by beings that are now long since dead and have now been extinct for over 4 billion years.   These were the original Nephapricans who rose and established with the 15 star-door wormholes, a legendary galactic empire unifying the whole galaxy known as Magphoreus.  The famous voyage for the Beyonder took place before those 15 legendary stars were spread across Magphoreus by several hundred million years galactic spin.  
When this story takes place, the 15 stars existed still as just a tight cluster.  Before the galactic Nephaprican species arose, the first three terrestrial species evolved at different stars.  These three original alien species from three separate star systems were the Nephricans, the Pripicans, and the Doldorians.  The legendary journey began at the planet Nephrica, one of the three planets that spawned the life forms that would someday evolve into the ancient aliens called Nephapricans.  At the beginning of this journey, the planet Nephrica resembled every bit the budding hub for a newly born galactic empire.  
The planet Nephrica as one approached, would be seen shrouded with gray clouds that the progress from intelligent life had long since tinged.  Above the gray cloud shroud, there orbited a mist from several billion Nephrican-built satellites that were tingling with mischief by intellectual life.  Above the satellite mist were storms with the glow from interstellar commerce, space exploration, and colonization.  This activity made the busy planet Nephrica shine unlike any other.
Beneath the gray clouds, a barren gray terrain could only look natural from afar.  On closer inspection, the mountains and craters reveal a tapestry with patterns and designs that could not possibly be natural.  The patterns become the innovative architecture and infrastructure from intelligent life as one approaches even closer.  
This civilization still thrived with the activities of intelligent beings like some blood that flowed through some new planetary entity.  The obsessive spread to this civilization had crowded out much from the planet’s agricultural potential, and the air above modern Nephrica had become choked with visible pollution.  For that reason, most good foods were imported to Nephrica from the agricultural asteroids and satellite colonies and far away colonies on other planets around other stars.  Most Nephricans would love to get off Nephrica and live in one of the new worlds.  The world became the industrial hub to a galactic civilization with nowhere else to go but up.
Nephrica reflected the nature of the Nephricans, who tended not to change directions once they got going.  Nephricans crowded this civilization with wheeled vehicles powered mostly by powerful batteries that charged a radio transmitter with a particular frequency that turned tanks filled with saltwater into burning fuel for turning pistons.  Nephricans walking on three legs populated these cities.  These ancient aliens featured two tentacle-like arms with three long tentacle fingers, one as a thumb.  Nephricans had one large eye in the middle on their faces and a long aardvark-like snout where mouths displayed thick human-like lips and teeth.  The long head had a mini-stomach and brain that digested chewed food close to the brain.  That probably encouraged, for the Nephricans, the evolutionary adaptive strategy known as intelligence.
Unfortunately, on Nephrica, good food had become expensive, so most food digested in the common Nephrican snouts had been food products made chiefly from Nephrican excrement.  The other exciting and pronounced adaptive strategy with the Nephricans walking these streets like anthropomorphic squid was the skin shirts on display.  Nephricans grew their clothing from the skin, which they found various ways to wrap themselves with for warmth and environmental protection.  Today on these streets, this skin clothing could be seen cut and dyed into different fashion statements on display with the crowd that walked on tripod legs through this spaceport city.  Nephricans created wardrobes from this skin clothing, and the material remained strong like leather for years.
One saltwater-powered car driving down the streets on Nephrica looked more luxurious than the others.  That particular vehicle advertised to most common Nephricans that the driver to that vehicle had probably been chauffeuring an Eagolim.  The Eagolim were a new Nephrican breed that had their lives prolonged by space travel, which had been a luxury not precisely accessible to everybody.  Common Nephricans that lived typical 100-year lives were called Negolim.  
Negolim intimidated Eagolim less since they could out-live them.  For that reason, the Eagolim tended to outclass the Negolim in wealth and power.  The Negolim became very intimidated by this, and they devoted much time and energy towards spying on with mischief against the Eagolim.  The wealthy Eagolim passenger in this particular luxurious vehicle had been none other than the famous Captain Joberk Mynervood.  
Captain Mynervood pioneered the still very young and now budding galactic empire that stretched between Nephrican and Pripican civilizations to Ea, Poa, Paz, Holdus, Yat, and Oa in the now-famous original 15-star cluster.  Ships at this time in Nephapricus traveled up to .6 times the speed of light.  Captain Mynervood had traveled toward this speed most of his life, making him currently over 3,500 Earth years old on a world where the average Nephrican would be lucky to prolong life for a 200 Earth year length.  This prolonged lifespan had been among the first effects of galactic DNA evolution, and Captain Mynervood felt as young as ever.  
Captain Mynervood held a video device up to his single eye in his tentacle hand.  He observed a geo trace on a vehicle behind them.  He had been well aware of the local Negolim that were following him.  He had grown accustomed to them following him on Nephrica ever since his wife had his baby here over 200 Earth years ago.  
His sub-light speed flights had mutated his DNA, and his child had been born a deformed freak.  That wife never forgave him, and the child got taken away.  Authorities later told him that the child had died soon afterward, but he now knows these days that they lied.
He got studied along with other Eagolim like him, but the changes to his DNA didn’t seem to be unhealthy.  Captain Mynervood had never felt better at the 4,502nd Nephrica year in his life.  He hadn’t been back on Nephrica for a very long time, but Negolim technology had not advanced very much in the last 40 Nephrican years since he had last been there.  He decided it would be the time to scramble his follower’s geo trace and disappear.
“The next turn counter-orbit need I you navigation driver take.”  
At this time, the Pripicans and Nephricans shared a single language already called Nephaprican.  However, Nephricans had their dialect at that time.  (The Pripican dialect in this story tends to read more like current English grammar on Earth.  Counter-orbit is a space traveler term equivalent to “left,”  and the term “orbit”  is the space traveler term for the direction “right,”  not unlike the seafarer terms “port”  and “starboard.”)

Captain Mynervood’s hologram disguised vehicle on Nephrica

The vehicle veered past a stop signal that left his pursuers waiting for a large train vehicle while the Negolim pursuers tried unsuccessfully to unscramble their equipment.  Meanwhile, some passing Nephricans blinked their single eye in amazement as they happened to notice the luxurious vehicle transformed into a smaller less-expensive car with a small dent in the rear.
The chauffeur did the equivalent to laughing, which sounds more like gargling.  "That them completely left lost."
Captain Mynervood also let out a gargling laugh before responding.  "The whole concept about reality quanta-nanocode hologram technology that the Pripicans created will change.”  
They drove down a highway in the hologram disguised car, far from the area they had been going to all that morning, defying the agents of Ea that were following them.  As promised long ago, Captain Mynervood had been on his way to take his child from the now aged mother, Hagan Hiedalli.  He didn't want the authorities to know where he had been going.
Captain Mynervood kept a profoundly personal secret that in the last 100 Earth years, he has fathered a couple more children, even though Negolim doctors have assured him that they would be born mutants who would soon die.  He now knew that not to be true.  
He knew these children were like him, and they just had different DNA gene switches turned on.  He kept them secret and supported the mothers financially for discreetly taking care of and nurturing the young mutants.
He had not seen Hagan Hiedalli in over 42 Nephrican years.  She never wanted to change her last name to Mynervood, and apparently, she had still not changed her name for anyone else.  Nephricans were very much like Earth humans in this way.  They often married monogamously.  However, both parties were free to join as many partners as they wanted.  Nephricans were obsessed with family lineage and used last names from whatever side of the family had the most prestige.  The family name designated the central heritage from multiple marriages or had many last names arranged chronologically or for importance.  Both males and females were able to choose a partner's last name.  Hagan Hiedalli, however, had remained Hagan Hiedalli, although she still enjoyed all the benefits of being a wife for Captain Mynervood and the mother to his child.  He wondered what the child would be like after all these years.
The inexpensive car hologram drove up to the Hagan Hiedalli house, which sat in an upper-class housing district outside the spaceport city.  Hagan might have been about to alert the authorities that a strange beat-up car parked in front of her house, but then Captain Mynervood emerged from the illusion.  
She had no doubt been watching because she opened the front door as the Captain approached.  She had been 42 Nephrican years older but still looked not a day over 40.
She spoke first.  "Last you long time saw it's been.  The feelings softened have, but harder now they become."
"Hagan, I away to other worlds have been.  Different for both of us, time is.  Away a long time not a lot to me has been.  Right back I came.  By time for you much longer, I've been gone."
"I the space mission you from return all about know, which you almost killed were."
The Captain shrugged it off.  "That an experiment my next more straightforward mission was to get.  Now a tourists space cruise my next mission will be.  You a day over 40 mans don't look.”  (A man in the Nephrica language means year.)
"I know.  Please in come.”  She swung the Earth-like door wider to let in the Captain.  The chauffeur drove the hologram away to put more saltwater in the tank.
She seemed unfazed by his clumsy comment on her age, but still, Captain Mynervood decided to soften the blow.  "As beautiful you as the day I left."
She smiled at the end to her aardvark snout and did indeed look much younger than her age.  "A day you to me haven't aged.  Wife of Captain Mynervood easy has not been.  My communications monitored are.  The stakeout here you watched saw come rest assured."
Captain Mynervood suddenly realized that all his morning's evasion had been for nothing.  For the most part, the Negolim agents of Ea were harmless.  They just were always there, watching all the time and gathering information.  They were harmless annoyances up until they finally decided to make their move.  
However, unlike the average citizen on this planet, Captain Mynervood had come to value his privacy after a lifetime in deep space.  
"So my son these days how is, and where is?”  
He had expected his son to be waiting for him.
"His things he has been packing, my summons awaiting.  He to you from here looks forward him taking away.  Here he, a deformed freak with two eyes and no skin shirt, lives the life.  He all his life that on your ship has believed can be."
In earlier days (almost a thousand Earth years before,) knowledge about the mutant offspring from Eagolim had been better known about and accepted by the Negolim.  In terms of the shorter Negolim life spans, those days were a whole age ago, and the current autocratic Dark Age has imposed a vicious ignorance about the mutants.  Captain Mynervood has lived through all this, observing the cultural divide between Negolim culture and the culture evolving as the Nephaprican Space Corporation.
Captain Mynervood became anxious to see his mutant son.  The baby he left here had grown entirely up while he had been on a space flight that seemed to take only a few months.  "Please, the boy call, and finally him me let see."
At that, Hagan called for the boy.  "Adma! Your father come see!”  Then she turned with Negolim ignorance to brace Captain Mynervood regarding what he was about to see.  "Perfectly healthy he is, but two legs on he we three more gracefully he with walks."
The Captain heard the boy dragging a couple of well-packed bags down the stairs.  Then three tentacle-like legs maneuvered down those stairs.  It had been a young Nephrican man with a tunic made out from his skin and a single eye over an aardvark-like mouth.  Captain Mynervood saw nothing unusual about the boy's appearance whatsoever.  
"This can not be.  I a perfectly normal boy see.  Adma, hello, I your father am."
Adma put down the bags and pushed buttons on his belt wrapped around the tunic skin shirt.  In an instant, the Nephrican boy disappeared.  A hairless gray-skinned humanoid then stood before Captain Mynervood, still wearing the skin shirt tunic that his mother grew for him.  "Father, hello.  Your son I am."
It had been more a shock than expected, especially after being temporarily fooled into thinking he had a normal Nephrican son by the same hologram technology in his car.  The shock had only been temporary for Captain Mynervood, who had provided Hagan with the hologram technology himself before he left for space.  The two very different beings held out arms and embraced.
The boy before Captain Mynervood looked indistinguishable from an Earth human, except the skin had a more neutral gray color, and he stood over twice the height of an Earth human.  He had a mouth with teeth but no snout, and he spoke in a higher pitch than typical Nephricans.  "Father on your ship all my life I to be have wanted."
Strange expressions filled the mutant child's very animated face.  To the Captain, the two eyes were mesmerizing how they both moved together.  Captain Mynervood had the same fascination with Pripican eyes.  The two eyes were getting watery.  The Captain's wife, Hagan Hiedalli, prepared a Nephrican meal for the occasion.  What is meant by 'Nephrican meal' is that no food even came from the over-industrialized planet.  Nephricans had shipped much food from agricultural satellites filled with farms and ranches these days.
The chauffeur eventually came back with the hologram-disguised vehicle, and they invited him in to share dinner.  He had been among Captain Mynervood's crew named Tyallor Nudeowan, whose job had been to wait on whatever the Captain needed.  Tyallor already knew all about the mutant child Adma who has lived his whole life behind a quanta-nanocode hologram disguise.  By now, Negolim authorities seemed to know something had been going on, and surveillance always was a recognizable ghost in the room.
The mutant boy had become beautiful to his mother's eye.  He looked like a graceful freak of nature.  She always saw something superior in her child, who she had raised in secret.  While they all ate and conversed, she wondered if they saw it in Adma.  Adma behaved more gracefully with just two legs than Nephricans did with three.  The disabled boy could run circles around them, and there were other things about the boy in the way he spoke so eloquently with a voice that sounded like Pripican music.  His eyes moved together precisely and seemed even to see better than Nephricans.  
Adma had a bifocal vision like Pripicans, which science documented to be better for perceiving depth than Nephrican camera vision.  She saw nothing deformed about Adma as far as his mother Hagan had been concerned, and she even believed him to be superior.  She thought it appeared that nature had improved on Nephrican anatomy.  
The four-legged Pripicans from the star Poa were already famous in the galactic empire for the music they made and liked to sing.  Nephricans have music, but it's more primitive, and Nephrican music mainly got used for changing crowds into a controlled unison, like at sporting events and rallies.
She cried as she said goodbye to her beautiful boy, who disappeared before her eye to shuffle off to the car as a Nephrican hologram illusion.  She would miss both her son and the Captain, but Hagan had become glad to have her own life back after all these years finally.  Soon the time came for the Captain and his son to go.  The goodbye had been intimate, and Hagan had tears dripping down both sides to her snout.  After she finished hugging her son, the Captain repeated his previous offer.  
"You Hagan with us should come.  From all of this be taken away."
They had already thoroughly exhausted this discussion.  "Joberk no.  From all of this be taken if I here stay.  I my life a mother for your son I've given.  Now that he a man Hagan Hiedalli to finally just being go back is."
The Captain understood.  She had gone through a lot being the mother of a mutant.  She took good care of the boy while he had been away and used the hologram technology he gave her religiously to keep the deformities to her son a well-kept secret.  She only expected the Captain to be gone for ten Nephrican years, but then his experimental ship blew up.  Adma had been privately schooled and had grown up living amongst the rumor around the neighborhood that he had been developmentally disabled.  However, to his mother and Captain Mynervood's surprise, the boy had never been any trouble or handicapped.  Adma seemed instead to be superior to average Nephricans in every way.
After they drove off, Hagan went back inside to look out from a house window.  She watched the house across the street in anticipation of something.  Then out from the place came a Negolim, known to be a stakeout set up in expectation of Captain Mynervood's return.  She had become annoyed at the nosey government on Nephrica.  She hated them, but what can you do?  The Negolim agents got into a vehicle obviously to follow Captain Mynervood down the street.  She knew the Captain would be aware regarding them and give them the slip at least just for the sport to it since evading government surveillance had been, after all, futile on the planet Nephrica.
* * *
All this happened very long ago during a period in the galaxy's history known as the 2nd age for Magphoreus.  This time was when life as we know it finally began to evolve within habitable zones, where the 1st Age cycles for chaos and destruction had either been left behind in peaceful orbits or annihilated.  In the second age, the galaxy had been a devourer for the surrounding galaxies along with globular clusters filled with stars that orbit the mighty Magphoreus even to this day.  In these other galaxies that circled Magphoreus, the cycles for chaos and destruction had since subsided long before the post-Quasar Age mighty Magphoreus eventually became tamed by habitability.  Therefore life as we know it had been more successful in the surrounding galaxies.  During this time, early in the 2nd age, Magphoreus devoured a particular globular cluster around the spiral galactic arm known in this day and age as Carina.  This star cluster broke apart into smaller groups.  Then the collection with the legendary 15 stars found its way into the arms of the mighty Magphoreus.
Intelligent terrestrial life evolved on planets around three among the cluster's 15 stars.  Those intelligent life species were the Nephricans from the star Ea, the Pripicans orbiting the star Poa, and the Doldorians around Dol.  The Nephricans had only one eye and a tripod walking strategy that involved three tentacle-like feet and two-fingered hands with opposable thumbs.  The Pripicans were furry beings with four legs and two very human-like arms with three other than four fingers and opposable thumbs.  The Doldorians were blue with two legs extended from the sides on a round exoskeleton-covered body.  They had two arms and spider-like mandibles around their mouths.  Nephricans tended to be goal-oriented, aggressive, and war-like.  Pripicans were music lovers, creative, and peace-loving.  Doldorians were technologically several hundred years behind Nephricans and Pripicans when these intelligent life forms first began visiting each other.
Long before the establishment of Nephapricus, about four billion seven hundred million or so years ago, the pre-humanoid life forms called Pripicans first picked up the radio and digital signals from the star Ea.  The inquisitive Pripicans at the star Poa began sending transmissions across the 1.6 light-years to Ea, trying to establish contact.  Eventually, a dialogue became established, which inspired optimism for the future amongst the Pripican culture that had already realized they were not alone.  However, the Nephrican culture learned about intelligent life out there with more intimidation.  Once radio communication became established, Nephricans indulged in nuclear technologies to prove the superior species in space travel.
After about a thousand Earth years with strictly radio communication between the Nephricans and the Pripicans, the Nephricans developed ships that could accelerate up to ten million miles per hour.  Those acceleration strategies made the journey take less than 40 Earth years.  Earlier robot scouting missions concluded that the Pripicans had a simple culture with monolithic stone architecture.  Pripicans used non-linear resonance for sound and light frequencies to move enormous stones in constructing their architecture.  This focus on resonance would lead the science for Pripican culture to evolve quantum technologies that would program the very stuff to reality.
The Nephricans eventually improved ship speed up to 25,000,000 mph and sent nuclear ships with nuclear weaponry across the void for 15 years to conquer the Pripican culture.  The Pripicans, on the other hand, were more cautious with atomic technologies and established a culture with unlimited energy based on low-energy nuclear reactions that separated electrons and neutrons from hydrogen in the element nickel with nano-scale magnetic fields.  That produced an atomic fuel, which gave off no harmful radiation.  That gave the Pripicans the technological advantage to defend the home front from hostile ships that were just a long way from home.  During this Great War, Nephricans first developed the physics and technology for .6 times the speed for light hyper-acceleration space travel.  Pripicans did not retaliate in the first war, and they proved to be the more robust and wiser species.  The peace that followed became the beginnings of the galactic culture called Nephapricus, and faster ships began exploring other stars.  
Nephricans and Pripicans began to share cultures, although it would not be the last war between Nephrican and Pripican.  Nephricans at the star Ea expanded the 1.6 light-years to Poa, followed eventually by colonies two light-years away at the stars Yat and Oa.  The Pripicans joined the space travel game to expand settlements to Paz, Pea, and finally the five light-years to the binary stars Tze and Tze-Doldus.  Nephricans and Pripicans shared a galactic colony at the star Holdus, which had been a light-year distance from Ea.  
Once Doldorian culture caught up to the Nephricans and Pripicans, they would expand their culture to the stars Ko, Poa, Koa, Fedor, and Gralga.  Nephricans and Pripicans had already begun calling themselves Nephapricans long before discovering Doldorians at the star Dol.  The technologies for constant acceleration began approaching half the speed for light, or over 300 million miles per hour.  That altered the DNA of the Nephricans and Pripicans who had devoted their lives to space travel.  Traveling at half the speed of light caused them to live over 50 times longer than terrestrial versions of their species.  That had been when the members of their species that were space travelers began to be called Eagolim, and Nephricans and Pripicans that didn't travel the stars and lived much shorter lives were called Negolim.
Pripicans created virtual particle technologies that evolved from their understanding of quanta-nanocode and the quantum-bit.  Nephricans contributed to developing these virtual particle technologies by discovering dark matter or phantom matter, which illuminated the mystery of gravity.  Gravity is caused by the ubiquitous phenomenon for spontaneous momentary virtual particle creation along the curvature for space/time.  
Virtual particle technologies revolutionized space travel and created artificially intelligent entities that eventually incorporated quanta-optic-nanocode bodies that could imitate solidity.  Artificially clever creations were just early quanta-nanocode prototypes at the time in this story.  Still, Pripicans had already sent these artificially intelligent beings to the stars to explore for them.  The quanta-nanocode entity called Begalius had been sent to the star Dol in the legendary journey for The Beyonder, according to data found in the Eigalli Databanks.  The first journey from Ea to Dol took place after the radio signal discovery for intelligent life on Doldoria.  The Doldorians had still not noticed the broadcasting from Pripican, and Nephrican attempts to contact them.  The ship that made this journey had been called The Beyonder and had been among the first ships made to travel half the speed for light.  
That historic journey traveled the light-year to the star Holdus for the routine task of transferring immigrants between planets.  Then supplies were taken to the colony 2.3 light-years away at the star Yat, followed by the famous journey that traversed the 2.7 light-years from Yat to the star Dol.  That would be when and where the first historical contact with Doldorians would occur.

Nephapricus

* * *
The Captain drove with his son to the space base, where Captain Mynervood pulled much clout and authority among the oldest and most respected captains in the space fleet.  Here they could enjoy some privacy from the nosey civilian Negolim.  On the space base, most Nephricans were Eagolim, who were required to take space flights to transform their DNA.  Here their DNA would be safe from the lesser-evolved Negolim that wanted to study and understand it.  The Nephricans at this time were evolving into two species.  This predicament manifested in this story as the local terrestrial Negolim cultures and the Nephaprican Space Corporation.
They stopped at a building to unload his son's stuff and show him his room where he would stay until the next flight into space.  Tyallor, the chauffeur, actually grabbed the bags while Captain Mynervood showed his hologram-disguised son inside.
"My son in this place space-traveling Eagolim all are, and we Nephricans and mutant children from Eagolim between don't discriminate."
As they walked into the building, they came upon a lobby where a couple of members in Captain Mynervood's crew were lounging.  
Three Nephricans sat in chairs with their tail tentacle leg between the other two tentacles.  The other member in the crew had been a four-legged Pripican who knelt all four legs down on a pillow in the room center to sit.  Then the Pripican got up with one of the Nephrican to greet them.  The Nephrican spoke.  "You Adma must be who we've much about heard.  Primary Assistant Geben Lockfreedow I am, and our Pripican Navigator Strek Lusu this this is."
The Pripican reached out with one from his two arms and shook Adma's hologram hand, which shook his actual four-fingered hand.  The Pripican hand was three-fingered other than two like on a Nephrican hand, and the Pripican fingers were bony like Adma's, unlike the more tentacle-like fingers on Nephricans.  Then the Pripican spoke in a dialect with a strange hard to understand language.  "Hello, Adma.  We've all heard so much about you, and we have been waiting to meet you since we got here on Nephrica.  Here in the spaceport, there is no need to hide behind hologram disguises."
While Strek spoke, the other two Nephricans got out from their chairs to greet the new resident.  One spoke.  "Adma, Ulusu Mynervood my name is.  I'm half-brother yours from the same father with."
Ulusu touched a belt button with his tentacle hand and instantly turned into another bald gray humanoid-like Adma.  
Then the other Nephrican crewmember also transformed into a humanoid and said, "Frier Gambo the child from other Eagolim parents am.  Eagolim crew members here we all are."
Adma went ahead and let his disguise down.  He now would be with a family he had only dreamed about his whole lonely hologram disguised life.  Perhaps Adma finally did not feel the constant curse from being different and ugly for the first time.  Adma knew that he now would be amongst his best friends and a brother with whom he would probably be a friend for the remainder of his life.
*
Captain Mynervood left his son with his crew, instructed to help Adma settle in and feel at home.  The Captain had an important meeting with the space program Admiral that would formally give Captain Mynervood his next space flight assignment.  The Admiral guaranteed his next position to be an easy job after the last mission, which had been a warp-fusion drive experiment that failed.  Nevertheless, Captain Mynervood and his crew had performed admirably and saved the mission from complete disaster.  Captain Mynervood and his staff nearly got killed in an experiment with a new fusion drive that didn't exactly work the way planned from the drawing board.  The nuclear explosions used to achieve the fusion effect blew up the ship's backside, leaving him in a damaged spacecraft somewhere between Holdus and Paz with seven members in his crew gone along with the engines to his spaceship.  He didn't think anyone sabotaged the mission, but the Captain also felt the corporation did not expect him to survive that hazardous fusion drive experiment.
Pripicans, who shouldn't have even known about the experiment, eventually rescued his ship and crew.  That has opened up a new can with Nephrican suspicions about the Pripicans.  
How did the Pripicans know? How were they even able to intervene and save them? Still, Captain Mynervood now arrived at the office for the Admiral to get his reward as a cruise ship assignment to journey to the star Holdus.  Admiral Mull and Captain Mynervood were old friends who had built this galactic space travel corporation together over the last four thousand Earth years.
He walked in, stood still before the seated Admiral raising one tentacle arm.  "Admiral Mull, Captain Mynervood for duty reporting."
"Captain Mynervood, relax.  I you a new Eagolim son hear have the crew joining.”  The Admiral waved a tentacle to the empty chair, which the Captain sank into while saying, "The Eagolim children than non-born Eagolim like you and I in every way better are.  So your efforts to produce a born Eagolim any success have had?"
The Admiral became noticeably embarrassed, "I therapy to my seed count increase have been undergoing, and sex with my five wives actively have, but still, no child born has been."
The Captain apologized.  "That I sorry to hear am.  I in the last mission, seven members of my crew died, and four sons from Eagolim of them were.  One of them my own was."
The Admiral had been an old friend to the Captain and had indeed been sorry about the incident.  Old friend means that for over four thousand Earth years, the Admiral and Captain Mynervood had worked together, building a galactic empire with the help of humanoid children that were still not welcome in Nephrican and Pripican civilizations.  This situation had been right at the beginning of this galactic evolution event.  
"I'm about the loss of your crew very sorry am.  The fusion acceleration experiments however, a different Captain and crew still with will be conducted.  It someday to work is going."
"Well, I the new Captain and crew for safe voyage to wish do.  No volunteers yet?"
"No ..  no volunteers so I'll one to choose have.  But about that enough, you your new mission here for are.  You this room that this discussion understand must not leave.  Your crew the understanding under will be working that this mission Ea to Holdus is where your ship to for maintenance be grounded is."
Captain Mynervood said, "Admiral Mull understood."
The Admiral continued, "Very good then, you the ship to The Beyonder called assigned will be."
Captain Mynervood became thrilled by the news.  
"Sir, you thank.  That ship one of the best in the fleet is.  I a good reliable nuclear reactor drive for a change need.”  The Beyonder had been a newer ship with the best-designed nuclear drives to date.  It could accelerate up to 401,760, 330 miles per hour, or over half the speed for light.  Captain Mynervood also knew that The Beyonder had been nowhere near any need to be grounded for maintenance.
The Admiral continued.  "The luxury cruise mission information about the 1.22 oman journey from here to Holdus this room to leave is.  Your last failed mission Pripican espionage into our affairs a success at revealing was.  They you out there were not only knew, but close enough to you to have been following were.  Therefore the rest of your mission this room to not leave is."
"Sir understood."
"When The Beyonder reaches Holdus-2 to maintenance undergo it not is.  The ship and crew the passengers off will see, but with the ship then supplies for the planet Caleb the star Yat orbiting will receive.  Then you and your crew immediately for the star Yat, which by the Pripicans to a routine supply run to Yat and back, then to postponed maintenance to receive to be will take on.  That the Pripicans off should throw."
Captain Mynervood had no idea where the mission would be going after reaching the star system for Yat.  "So where I the ship after the star Yat am taking reaching?"
The Admiral's mouth at the end to his snout smiled and said, "Then you The Beyonder into the unknown to the first ship to the star Dol to reach be, and the Doldorians contact."
That had been the big secret.  Captain Mynervood would be about to go down into Nephrican galactic history as the first ship captain to travel to the star Dol where scientists had pondered evidence for intelligent life for many Earth years before that moment.  Both Nephrican and Pripican knew for a long time that there had been intellectual life on a planet orbiting the star Dol.  Still, they had even figured out their language from Doldorian radio broadcasts sent across space for those with ears to hear.  
The Admiral continued, "Then when your ship within .2 omans from the planet gets while your ship slowing down is, I you with radio the Doldorians contact begin attempting."
The Admiral continued further instructions for Captain Mynervood's secret mission to beat the Pripicans to the planet Doldoria, which orbited the star Dol in the legendary Nephaprican 15-star cluster.  For a couple of dozen Earth years, broadcasts got sent from Nephricans and Pripicans to the planet Doldoria that orbited the star Dol.  Still, they had not yet detected any response from the Doldorians.  The Doldorians didn't seem to have even noticed the aliens attempting radio contact with them.  Or had they?
* * *
Within the last few Earth years, robot missions got sent to orbit the planet Doldoria, which had been over five light-years away from the planet Nephrica.  These satellites had sent back unquestionable evidence for intelligent life that thrived on the world below, which Nephricans and Pripicans had dubbed "Doldoria.”  The planet had been very much like Earth, and the Doldorians were at least a couple hundred years behind the technological level on present-day Earth.
Most of that technology had been radio broadcasts listened to by Doldorians for entertainment.  They had not yet developed anything like a television.  They mostly used radio to spread the religious teachings about Ei, who, according to the Doldorians, created the universe with His breath inhaling nothing and then exhaling everything.  Some say Ei still breathed the universe into existence and oversaw the evolution of life that had been offspring from the breath in this universe.
These religious broadcasts made up much of what Nephricans and Pripicans had been listening in on for about a hundred Earth years.  Now Pripican and Nephrican knew the single Doldorian language and had tried relentlessly to establish radio contact to say "hi.”  The Doldorians didn't seem to have noticed this radioactivity from deep space.  
Nephrican and Pripican deep space satellite missions had arrived to orbit the planet.  They served as relay beacons for the attempts to make contact while returning aerial details about Doldorian culture.  They had such a close satellite view to Doldoria for the last few Earth years that they knew much about Doldorian anatomy and culture and had even learned the written language through satellite photography.
Since the satellites had gone unnoticed, and the broadcast messages had gone unanswered as well as unheard, they decided that a mission would send actual Nephricans and Pripicans to greet the Doldorians.  However, that mutual decision to the Nephricans had become a race to get there first.  That had been the logic behind the different secretive cover story about The Beyonder mission, and also an extra reason to go by way of the star Yat, which had been the next closest star to Dol.  At this time, only Nephrican researchers who needed supplies inhabited Yat.  That added a shroud of truth to The Beyonder cover story, as well as kept Pripicans away.
Satellites from Nephrica still orbited Doldoria to attempt radio contact with the Doldorians.  Above the cloudy planetary atmosphere, a robot satellite in the sky above watched them sleep.  Doldorians had a deep blue exoskeleton that kept them plenty warm and safe from the environment.  They had dark holes for ears above their eyes that also faced forward, making them look like they had four eyes.  Some researchers believed this affected them so that they actually saw and heard differently than Pripicans and Nephricans, who had both evolved ears on the sides to the head.  The satellite continued to broadcast greetings into those sleeping Doldorian ears.
The Doldorians were very mystical and introspective beings.  They appointed priests in their religion for Ei to practice stillness with the mind.  
Some claimed to receive messages from Ei this way and other psychic abilities.  One mystic student sleeping beneath the watchful gaze from alien satellites had been named Alldegallo.  His lobster-like mandibles around the Doldorian mouth opened and closed as he snored in his sleep.
Alldegallo had become a mystic who taught other disciples to obtain visions from the future through practicing conscious dreaming.  
They believed that in the morning, on the higher mental level to the waking dream, the consciousness turned the awareness toward the approaching future waking reality.  From the mental sleep perspective, this took the form of vivid waking dreams that were allegorical visions for the upcoming future.  Alldegallo slept next to a notebook by the bed to record whatever messages he received in his dreams.
Alldegallo believed that lately, he had been receiving messages from the divine in his dreams.  He taught his disciples that he had received communications from an angel of Ei visiting him in his waking dreams from high above in the sky.  Lately, Alldegallo had caused a stir amongst the other mystics because he told his disciples that the angel that visited him had been a herald sent to announce a new age about to dawn on Doldoria.  The angel heralded other beings from the stars that would soon come here to meet the Doldorians.
Then in an instant, his snoring stopped, and Alldegallo rose from the bed to grab the notebook as they disciplined him to do.  
He began writing while desperately clinging to memories from a dream he had just had.  He wrote down the message for yet another encounter with the angel in his dreams.
I have waked again after a long sleep in supplication to the herald of Ei who hath met me in the dreamland where I did crosseth from rest into waking.  In dreaming, my thought was lifted above the clouds that did open and show me this vision.  Such vivid truth hath come to me with this morning that I when wakened did cry to dream again.  Here is the stuff my dream was made of, as my life did after sleep comes fully round.  My vision began above the clouds in a world with strange signs.  
There I did meet again the angel above even higher than the clouds so did his head, if a countenance indeed he did have, did rise above the world where we dream into the holy presence of Ei in the world of spirit, above the dream world.  Below the body for the angel did have two arms and two legs, yet was strange unlike anything ever seen.  Gracious were the body's movements, and the skeleton on this creature was soft, or maybe within and not without as some animals on Doldoria are, yet with no fur.  
The voice from the angel echoed from above in the world of Ei, and it did tell me that others with such bodies are coming to Doldoria to usher in the new age.  They are the children of the stars coming here to join in loins with your kind.  Then I became a feared by the hum of strange sounds, and the clouds were filled with noises.  Sounds and scary airs did surround my dream body but hurt me not.  Thunder like a thousand twanging instruments shouted about my eyes and ears.  Then came a chariot with the whispering voices through the cloud curtain.  
There was a crowd with beings upon the chariot with strange shapes.  Some were like the angel with eyes of white and colored pupil, and the dual pupils would dart and dash according to what the being's gaze did upon fall.  Another personage on this chariot was slithery with two arms and three walking arms like tentacles.  These beings had only one eye that also did dart and dash but not in unison with another eye.  The other beings on the chariot were stranger still and were legged with four furry legs like animals we would recognize.  They had, however, bodies like the angel but perched upon a body with four legs, and they were covered with fur like an animal.  Then the angel in my waking dream said these many goodly creatures are coming here to usher in a brave new world on Doldoria.  
Then the waking world did capture my dream body while the vision faded to oblivion in the morn.  How beauteous this vision for the future is that it has such beings in it.
Doldorians have entirely black eyes with no whites or discernible pupils.  Therefore, eyes with whites and pupils probably appear to 'dart and dash' or appear more animated to Doldorians.

Chapter 2

Alldegallo, the Doldorian, didn't go back to sleep after writing about his remarkable dream.  He sat in his room with silence while petting one from the sanctuary's foodons.  Foodons were furry six-legged creatures about the size of domestic Earth cats.  The sanctuary leader loved the animals, so quite a few always roamed the halls in the Sanctuary of Ei.  The sanctuary had been where Alldegallo had joined to become a priest many Doldorian years ago after the abrupt death of his parents.  The teachers and authorities in this religious institution seemed to have become upset by Alldegallo's recent successes with conscious dreaming.  As he sat in silence, Alldegallo thought everyone should have been more pleased by the news about his morning visions.
Alldegallo sat and gently petted the foodon in his lap named Ponga.  Ponga had chosen Alldegallo by sitting outside his door in the morning till Alldegallo eventually let in the animal.  Ponga had just been there every morning to have Alldegallo pet her fur, which Alldegallo dutifully indulged every morning before having to go to his first-class for the day to learn to become a priest for Ei.  He wore a disciple's tunic draped over his exoskeleton body, which became his current uniform in life.  
Doldorians wore clothing primarily for status, fashion, or work.  Doldorian exoskeletons included places to store belongings.  Even genitals retracted into their cobalt blue Doldorian exoskeleton.  Alldegallo placed a breakfast wrap in his mouth mandibles that fed it to his mouth while with his free hands, he petted the foodon on his lap.  These quiet times in the morning had become precious to him before the hectic day.  
Alldegallo looked out his open window that morning while petting Ponga when he heard a screaming child outside in the Crypt of Ancestors.  One side-effect of the Doldorian ear facing the same direction as the eyes is that Doldorians became very good at telling how far away something was by the direct sound it made.  
His mandibles tossed the remaining breakfast in his mouth while Ponga scurried away in response to Alldegallo getting up.  He left the room to see why a child had been crying outside.
Outside, the star Dol still looked orange through the morning Doldoria haze, which swirled about the ground mischievously because the morning Sun still had not chased it away.  A foggy haze settled on the Crypt of Ancestors, which consisted of small tombs where the bodies for dead Doldorians lay preserved, bound up in fetal positions.  Doldorians believed in keeping their dead this way to communicate with them in the afterlife.
Alldegallo walked quickly into the crypt where a young child still cried aloud, and another older Doldorian tried in vain to comfort him.  A nearby gergo-drawn carriage had brought the man and child to the crypt.  The way the six-legged ant-like gergo looked adorned along with the extravagance to the carriage indicated that the owners were quite well off by Doldorian economic standards.  It suddenly occurred to Alldegallo that a very similar gergo pulled the chariot in his dream that morning.
Alldegallo approached the crying child.  "Beseech you, child, be merry.  Oh, what cause is there for your grief beyond that from your loss?  This woe from a loss here is common, but why much deeper appears your grief?"
The child looked up as Alldegallo placed his two-fingered hand on the boy's shoulder.  "Oh good teacher, what must I do to behold my deceased parents?  Do constrain me in the way to see spirits?”  
The child started crying again.
The other male Doldorian there with the child spoke.  "My apologies, kind mystic, but the child is but my ward newly acquired after the sorrowful demise of his parents.  I am but a fool for a tutor, for I see the parents whose ghosts makest a show, even right now, but darest not to show for the child's yearning gaze."
Alldegallo had rarely seen a child that didn't have enough faith to see dead ancestors.  It had primarily been older Doldorians that had such a problem.  "I say straightway be with good cheer, young child.  Mine eyes behold your parents are here.  Thou they do bid your eyes to come unto them at this moment.  It is what your eyes see, which doth cloud them from the gaze with your faith.  Be thou with stronger faith wherefore didst thou doubt."
Then the young boy became quiet and began blinking his two completely black Doldorian eyes.  After a tense pause, he cried out a fairly universal utterance by most intelligent life.  "Mommy! Mommy Daddy!”  The boy's vision became focused on two additional transparent Doldorians at the scene, who then waved to their son.  Both ghostly parents appeared relieved by the boy's long-awaited recognition.  The ability to see the dead is an arcane science on Doldoria that the Priests have maintained for Ei and these Crypts of Ancestors for thousands and thousands in Doldorian years.
Alldegallo enjoyed the blessing of helping a young orphan boy obtain the vision that not all Doldorians were capable of doing.  As Alldegallo returned to the Sanctuary of Ei from the crypt, he greeted several other ghosts that stood around the tombs to their mummified bodies.  He even took a detour to say hello to his dead parents, whose premature demise led him into the hands of the Priests to Ei in the first place.  His mother and father were standing where they always were standing.  "Mother, father, thou art before me just in passing.  The world of the living is wroth with me, and I do miss you two so."
His father spoke up while his mother's transparent face just adored her still-living child.  "My son, the problems you go now to address we fear are from our legacy caused, which your mother and I regarding so doth remain silent in death.  Take courage, my son, lest our silence fails to serve thee."
Alldegallo had listened to them speak this way before but never really had been able to find out what forbidden secrets his parents were so determined to take to the grave with them.  Eventually, he had to say goodbye to his dead parents and get to class.  As Alldegallo returned to his class on time, the High Priest watched him from his room window.  
The High Priest advertised a fit of furious anger toward the pretentious unqualified disciple that imposed himself on one of the church's wealthiest donors.
Alldegallo grabbed his dream journal on the way to the morning class.  He couldn't help but be excited about another vivid morning dream about a new age soon to dawn on Doldoria.  He read his morning journal entry aloud to the other students for the priesthood before class.  Naturally, it had been the main subject in most of the usual pre-class murmuring.  Still, for some reason, the instructor found it intolerably disruptive to his class, and Alldegallo got dismissed from the morning lesson.  The instructor ordered him to report to the Head Priest.  He nervously approached the door to the head Priest, anticipating another punishing lecture.
The High Priest became noticeably furious and didn't invite Alldegallo to sit but instead got out from his chair to confront him standing up.  "You doth dwell in this temple like an illness that thou attend me to here usurp! Something ill doth swell in this temple that I will cure."
Alldegallo tried to explain.  "Good sir.  But the waking dream journals are encouraged for the sharing …."
The High Priest stopped him.  "One word more, I charge thee that the title visionary thou ownest not, and hast put thyself in this Sanctuary of Ei to win it from me, the Lord on it!"
"No, sir.  Thou understand not."
"Silence! If thou abide in so fair a house, then no good thing doth dwell in within it.  Speak not traitor, or I'll manacle thy neck, and salt in thy water thou shalt drink! Wherein the husks from withered roots for food shalt thou eat.  Thou art on trial for imposing yourself, a lowly disciple upon the rich orphan child made so vulnerable by a loss so tragic! Thou wilt live thy place here or know humiliation by permanent excommunication! Silence! For by one more word, I shall hate thee for an impostor.  Therefore hush!"
Alldegallo left the office to the High Priest, scared for his future at the Sanctuary of Ei.  He had never been so threatened by the authorities like that before.  He had only gone to assist a small child in need of some mystical encouragement.  He had always been encouraged by the teachers to do that before.  He knew the real reason he got threatened with excommunication was for teaching disciples as if a qualified mystic when he had been only a disciple himself.  The problem became that he gained some believers in his genuine waking dream messages with foresight.  The High Priest sat in silence after Alldegallo left, still fuming with fury towards the pretentious little disciple that broke his spell that blinded the orphan child to his dead parents.  The disciple broke the Priest's spell as if the magic from the High Priest of Ei had been nothing at all.  The High Priest picked up a passing foodon to pet it for a while since it had been a known method for calming oneself down.
* * *
The morning after Hagan Hiedalli said goodbye to her mutant son, along with another quick hello and goodbye from her long-lost husband, she got up early from bed with a purpose.  She did her morning hygiene, which included shaving off most of the 3 inches of skin cloth she had grown on various parts of her body overnight.  
Hagan threw the cut-off skin pieces into a bin, where she kept small skin cloth scraps.  She had been one Nephrican that got into sewing together pieces to skin-cloth for wearing on their naked three-legged squid bodies.  She sewed her clothes together with pride.  She had left a long skin cloth skirt that had been still growing uncut around her waist.  She developed a new dress that she would cut off when it finally matured to her needed length.  Skin cloth had been a unique evolutionary strategy peculiar to Nephricans.  It had been equivalent to the fur growing on the bodies for Pripicans, as well as the Doldorian exoskeleton.
Hagan covered her naked body in her best skin-cloth work and drove to the spaceport city to meet some Negolim that she knew who could help her figure out what the authorities on stakeout across the street were up to in there.  Nobody seemed to follow her, which only confirmed that the Agents of Ea were not there to spy on her.  
It had been at a morning diner where Nephricans liked to hang out, which had been the equivalent to an Earth coffee shop, where Hagan knew she had to go to meet her connection.  She had contacted the Negolim underground several Nephrican years ago when she first noticed the surveillance across the street.  At that time, they wanted something from her that she wasn't willing to give.  Now her one-track Nephrican mind had reached a different decision.  Her saltwater-powered car sped towards the mega-spaceport-city that dwarfed the surrounding mountains.
There had been someone who always hung out at this morning diner that she needed to find.  That had been the purpose this contact served at the restaurant, to wait to escort worthy Nephricans to the underground.  The gatekeeper to the underground wasn't into cutting his skin cloth or dying it different colors.  He just sat at a table wrapped in years to light gray growth like an Egyptian mummy.  
The routine for those seeking the underground had been to just strike up a casual conversation with him to begin initiation into the underground.  
Hagan had rehearsed what she planned to say a couple of times in the car before entering the diner, where she immediately noticed the mummified gatekeeper at one table.  "I'm sir sorry.  You I for a second someone else was thought."
The mummified Nephrican seemed to recognize her immediately and displayed surprise through all the wrappings in the skin cloth.  "Mrs.  Hiedalli, no! You me are correct it is."
Hagan Hiedalli sat down in the diner with the guardian for the gate to the underground.  It had been just an ordinary meeting with two Nephricans in the belly to a mega-city that dwarfed the surrounding mountains.
The man went right to business and spoke in a quiet voice.  "You our offer from last time with us met evidently have reconsidered."
"I yes have."
"You what we for asked now have?"
"I yes do."
The man seemed suddenly anxious and had barely been able to remain composed.  "You on the table it can place, I so can have a look?"
Hagan Hiedalli turned her head in both directions to look around with her single eye and then placed a small transparent domed object on the table.  It looked like certain Earth gift store novelties filled with water inside turned into snowy scenes when you shook them up.  Inside this object on the table, a replica for the planet Pripica could be seen all covered in blue, brown, and white cloud swirls that rotated inside the thing with unbelievably intricate details.  It had been a gift that Captain Mynervood gave her from the planet Pripica itself, and it had been the quanta-nanocoded handy work from the skillful and creative Pripicans.  The underground wanted to study the cutting edge quanta-nanocode, which made the planet replica slowly revolving in the tiny object.  
The planet looked like a replica of the actual world that orbited in clouds swirling weather patterns within the tiny knickknack.  The miniature planet replica could be zoomed in on and explored with quanta-nanocode technology built into the device.  The quanta-nanocode technology also allowed views to project in the surrounding room as vividly realistic holograms, but they dared not use that function in that public diner.  The gatekeeper's skin-cloth-wrapped snout lay on the table as the gatekeeper's eye leaned in for a closer look.
Pripicans constructed the object with an experimental precursor version for quantum bit programming known as quanta-optic-nanocode.  Quanta-optic-nanocode had been the evolution for quanta-nanocode, which the Pripicans invented to create microscopic programs with sub-atomic processors that revolutionized all technologies up to artificial intelligence.  Quanta-optic-nanocode eventually allowed the microscopic programs to project hologram bodies that could imitate solidity.  In this story, a few artificially intelligent quanta-nanocode beings eventually evolved into quanta-optic-nanocode beings.
Hagan nervously snatched the object back and returned it to her skin-cloth pouch, which she carried at her side as a purse.  
The man tried to compose himself, looking like someone who just saw God.  "I with me what you want don't have.  We should go, and I you where you to go want will take."
They got up, and Hagan drove the man down some familiar streets that she had gone down before.  There just had been no other way to find the underground except through the keeper to the gate.  They didn't go to the exact location as last time since the underground moved around constantly to avoid the Negolim authorities in constant pursuit.  The Nephricans chased each other around like this in the daily drama from a society struggling between those who had and those who had not, which on Nephrica had become the extreme evolutionary split in the species between newly evolved Eagolim species, and the more mortal and fleeting Negolim.  Hagan got taken to another Nephrican who looked a lot more neatly adorned in his skin cloth.  The well-attired Nephrican lived in an apartment where they finally arrived.
He had been thrilled to be meeting with Hagan Hiedalli again, who had been a famous wife to the legendary Captain Mynervood.  "Mrs.  Hiedalli, please welcome down sit."
The better-dressed man looked as anxious as the gatekeeper to see the quanta-nanocode object.  To Hagan, it just had sentimental value.  There were simple controls on the base for the thing that allowed the user to zoom in on the planet, which, when zooming, displayed itself on the clear outside dome that encased the world.  Hagan had magnified in only a couple of times with very little interest in the Pripican culture, which the Nephricans failed to conquer way back in the days of the Great Galactic War.  She just had not been interested in other planets or space travel, and she wanted to die a Negolim.
The underground contact she met with zoomed in on Pripica for a long time, and he projected several hologram views into the room.  They were all in awe from the beauty of Pripican culture projecting above them in the room and how well-tended the still abundant nature to the planet remained.  The object allowed them to maneuver through panoramic hologram views with dense forests and cities.  There could even be seen little quanta-nanocode Pripicans in the towns that lived real Pripican lives on the microscopic surface.  They were all programmed with lives that included everything from birth to death.  "It for information about Pripica for knowledge about quanta-nanocode is as valuable."
He eventually zoomed away from the glorious stone architecture in the Pripican cities, which made whole areas for continents look like monolithic structures carved out from entire mountain ranges because on Pripica they were.  The planet Pripica had been extremely rocky, and the Pripicans did indeed carve their cities from it.  These elegant structures from the solid rock would endure on Pripica for several hundred million Earth years.
The well-dressed underground member looked at Hagan with admiration before getting up to fiddle with a cabinet in the corner.  It had been a combination code he entered, which opened a safe.  He took out an object and then closed the cabinet safe.
He returned to the stool-like chair that Nephricans sat on with their three legs.  He placed the object on the table before Hagan.  He said, "You this artificially intelligent quanta-nanocoded device to the operation by the Agents of Ea across the street from your home will require to explore.  It the evidence you need will gather.  It in a Pripican dialect, which difficult to understand can be talks."
He opened the device up like a miniature laptop computer, or actually, it looked more like an Earth cell phone except for a bit bigger, and then he faced it on the table towards Hagan.  A small animation appeared on the tiny screen that looked like a mythological centaur from Earth mythos.  It had been furry all over with a goat-like Pripican face that spoke.  “Hello Mrs.  Hagan Hiedalli.  My name is Beatarkameed, and they told me about your problems with the Agents of Ea.  I am here to assist you.  My actual microscopic sub-atomically programmed form can be your invisible eyes, ears, and digital hands where you can't go yourself.”  Hagan just stared at the centaur-like animation with her mouth drooped open at the end to her snout as if she couldn't understand a word the Pripican program said.
Hagan Hiedalli had been given the little quanta-nanocoded helper in exchange for her quanta-nanocoded trinket from a husband that never had been home.  She still cared for the Captain and forced herself to understand the tragedy that took her Eagolim husband away for her whole Negolim lifetime.  The Nephrican underground member who gave the device warned her that they had already done some spying for her.  
They learned that the Agents of Ea operation across her street got financed by a still unidentified Eagolim benefactor who had great wealth and influence.  It wasn't just typical Negolim mischief that watched her home from afar.  He also told her that the operation went back the entire lifetime for her son Adma.  
They told her that most of the servants working for her were agents in this operation over the years.  That instantly shed new light on the abrupt departure from her last housecleaner, who quit right before the long-awaited arrival for her husband, Captain Mynervood.
*
Hagan became more accustomed to how the quanta-nanocoded device talked to her on the way home.  That had been when she began to appreciate the nuances of quanta-nanocoded artificial intelligence.  It made Nephrican attempts with regular computer code seem clumsy, sluggish, and simple programs with no natural intelligence.  
Beatarkameed had been an eloquent and intelligent entity that had already lived longer than Hagan by more than a hundred years.  She opened the tiny cell phone-like device at her kitchen table after arriving back from the mega-city next to the planet's primary spaceport.
"I much time before my husband's next space flight takes off don't have.  What the Agents of Ea to my son before they planet leave to have done have know."
Deep within the cell phone-like device with the animated Pripican character on its screen was a whole continent inhabited by a quanta-nanocoded program collection.  There lives a complex group with proton and neutron molecules glowing from constant photon emissions and virtual particle exchanges, named Beatarkameed.  
Beatarkameed stood before a tiny view screen that showed Hagan Hiedalli at the kitchen table looking at it.  Its molecules got quantumly synchronized to the complex device lying on Hagan's table.  They could also remain here while flying away from the machine like an invisible molecule in the air that embodied a spirit with artificial intelligence.  "I'm on my way Mrs.  Hiedalli.  You can track my progress, observe what I'm seeing, and give me instructions from where you are.  Just speak, and I'll be able to hear you."
After the Pripican animation said that it disappeared, being replaced on the screen by a view across the street zooming into a front door crack in the house, the scene became like a fast-motion planetary re-entry.  
Inside the house, Hagan could see on the view screen that the Negolim Agents of Ea were still there before view screens that showed her son Adma at the spaceport.  They were not even really paying attention to her from across the street.  The Negolim Agents of Ea had some tiny cameras flying around watching her son.
"What they with my son doing?"
The device on the table talked to her in a Pripican dialect.  "Looks like they are still keeping your son under close surveillance.  They are geo-tracking him, video observing him, and doing something else to him with additional controls I am still analyzing."
The Beatarkameed view zoomed way into the cracks to the equipment in the room and then turned into a strange show with light and kaleidoscopic imagery.
"I'm sorry, Mrs.  Hiedalli! I'm copying and analyzing these devices right now to compile your data and evidence.  I think they are manipulating your son Adma somehow with these devices.  I'll transfer the video/audio data that they are compiling right now on your son to the screen you are watching while I do this."
Then the image on the quanta-nanocoded device screen that Hiedalli watched became her son Adma in the spaceport lobby with his humanoid half-brother Ulusu and the Nephrican Primary Assistant Tyallor.  
Hagan could see with relief that her son looked happier than ever.  He would finally be with others like him, free from his hologram disguise.
Adma spoke to his half-brother.  "So you my father after all these years must know really well?"
Ulusu spoke with pride in his father.  "My brother, I indeed Captain Mynervood do know.  He the bravest, most compassionate leader I ever have served is."
Hagan Hiedalli sat at her kitchen table watching her mutant son speaking with another from her husband's mutant offspring.  She became intrigued while listening to Ulusu describe her husband.  Her single eye began to sob with tears over what could have been.
Captain Mynervood had been away from Ea for 42 mans due to delays on his way back from the failed fusion drive experiment.  The initial mission had been a 3.12 oman (4 light-years) journey to the star Paz and a 3.12 oman journey back.  At that time, the Nephricans were obsessed with a fear that Pripicans would reach the star Paz first, which they knew had a habitable-zone planet.  That should have only taken 19.9 Nephrican years, which already had been an excruciating time away from a mother with a newly born child.  Unfortunately, the ship engine blew up four years into the journey.  The ship obtained the fusion but then had been unable to contain the fusion core for some strange reason.  The initial explosion killed two in the crew.  
The heroic efforts from the other five crew members who died and instructions from the Captain created a protective cradle around the fusion core.  At the same time, the Captain and Strek turned the ship around to skillfully use the fusion core energy to bring the spacecraft to a halt.  When the core finally got sent on its way from the wrecked spacecraft, the explosion radiation already sealed the fate of the other 5-crew members.  Ulusu informed Adma that one of those five that died had been another half-brother to Adma named Spocht.  
Pripicans eventually rescued the stranded and desperate mission, which at the time had been almost without food to eat.  The Pripican mission responding to the distress signal was on its way to Paz and spent much to a stop and assist.  Nephrican skeptics point out that the accelerating Pripican ship could not have received the Nephrican distress signal.  Captain Mynervood and his remaining crew left to continue with the Pripicans to Paz and back.  After that, they spent at least a year on Poa waiting for a flight to Holdus.  Historically this chronicled how Pripicans reached Paz before Nephricans, even though Captain Mynervood had also been on that trip with his rescued crew.
Eventually, Captain Mynervood finally caught a flight back to Ea.  His child had grown up, and Hagan had grown bitter.  She cried tears with forgiveness while listening to Ulusu's explanation for what had happened.  Before, she knew this from news reports to a point she did not even want to hear the answer from her long-lost husband the night before.  Now he went on his next mission, and she would probably be dead before he or her son ever came back.
Beatarkameed continued to download evidence while Hagan gathered what she needed to know by watching the recorded audio/video surveillance with her son, that continued on the tiny screen for the device at her kitchen table.
While Hagan continued to view the show, Geben Lockfreedow appeared on the communication device screen in the corner to the lobby where Adma and his new friends were lounging and which Negolim spies were filming.  "I to the starport authority before our mission this afternoon to takes off need go.  The Captain where I am let know."
Then Hagan heard a voice speak that had not been anybody in the video she had been watching.  It turned out to be the voice from one Negolim spy across the street talking.  "Adma up have get and volume for that message increase!"
Suddenly Adma got up while tiny cameras followed him to the communication screen on the wall to the lounge.  He turned the volume up while Lockfreedow continued.  
"I'm this starport at still.  The fusion program, which us in space with brethren lost left stranded going to make give."
Adma acknowledged Lockfreedow's message before he went on his way ending the transmission.  It occurred to Hagan that these Negolim Agents of Ea across the street were controlling Adma like a robot.  She became suddenly horrified with the realization that her mutant son raised his whole life in hologram disguises, had been skillfully groomed and implanted with hypnotic mind control devices during his life.  
She realized this had been going on his whole life beyond her awareness, yet always there all around her.  Various servants, house cleaners, and occasional tutors she got persuaded to hire were involved.  She had to get this information to her husband, Captain Mynervood, before they took off for the star Holdus this afternoon with a robotically controlled Manchurian candidate on board.
*
Admiral Mull had been lounging in his office when Hagan Hiedalli transferred to his communication device.  He had been more than happy to accept the call from an old friend.
"Admiral Mull, I'm you to bother sorry, but I to my husband Captain Mynervood to directly speak must be transferred."
The Admiral's eye widened with surprise.  "Mrs.  Hiedalli, I that call certainly can arrange.  I what this is regarding can ask?"
"My husband in danger a member of his crew by."
The Admiral became noticeably concerned.  "This urgent enough certainly sounds.  Me you on hold while I arrange let.  Of The Beyonder, the boarding has already begun, and he to up there be busy is going."
The Admiral hesitated in deep thought after putting Hagan on hold.  Then he got up to leave the room.  That had been when he ran into Lockfreedow in the hallway outside his office.  
Lockfreedow had still not got onboard The Beyonder, where he figured the Primary Assistant on the ship probably should be right now.  
Lockfreedow stopped the Admiral by standing at attention and raising a tentacle.  "Admiral Mull, sir, your audience requesting!"
“Geben Lockfreedow yes.  You The Beyonder should be boarding.  I for you what can do?"
Lockfreedow had been putting up with unexpected administrative run-a-round way longer than planned before deciding from desperation to go over their heads to the Admiral at the spaceport, who he knew very well.
"Sir, I'm the records for the last failed fusion experiment to me released trying to have, but the administration me won't authorize."
"That no problem Lockfreedow at all is.  I a copy to those records happen to have.  I'll more than happy them to you to release be.  With me come, and I'll you on the next transport to The Beyonder with the records you seek get."
The Admiral walked down the hallway with Lockfreedow.  He seemed to have forgotten about the call from Hagan Hiedalli that still lingered on hold in his office.  He took Lockfreedow to the records that Lockfreedow wanted to examine while he spent the next two Earth years in space traveling to the star Holdus in the ship called The Beyonder.
*
Hagan Hiedalli had been left on hold waiting for Admiral Mull to connect her to her husband, who soon would blast into space while hyper-accelerating to more than half the speed for light.  She had made several other attempts to reach her husband and warn him that her son had been under the hypnotic mind-control from an evil plot against him.  She sat before a television screen on the wall while holding the quanta-nanocoded device that had been the physical form for Beatarkameed.  It seemed that all advanced intelligent societies with large populations constantly evolved something like television.  She watched the news reporting on The Beyonder being boarded, now in progress.
The news reported many first-time Negolim passengers had saved their money for years to travel more than ½ the speed for light to another star.  Most Negolim wanted to take this expensive trip to extend their life expectancy exponentially and thus become an Eagolim.  That had been an unexpected evolutionary side effect from traveling so close to light's speed.  In the second age for Magphoreus, the Eagolim were the new galactic form to their species that were beginning to replace the older terrestrial form.  Some Negolim would save money their whole lives to send their children to the stars so they could undergo this evolution and carry on the Nephrican family names for millennia.
A reporter on the screen interviewed a young Nephrican boy who boarded the virtual particle craft that would take him into space to board The Beyonder.  Virtual Particle vehicles were the cutting edge at this point for Nephapricus, but they were about to propel this galactic civilization into the stuff of legend.  The Nephrican spaceport had recently purchased this technology from the Pripicans.  
Virtual particles are a phenomenon in this universe that, on the sub-atomic level to reality, constantly appear and disappear all the time.  This phenomenon is the stuff to gravity, which represents a virtual particle effect that cumulatively flows in and out from existence along the curvature to the universe.  
Fields with virtual particles become oriented to a mass polarity point.  Virtual particle vehicles control areas with this virtual particle phenomenon using artificially generated mass polarity points to control the gravity around an object, or in other words, antigravity.
The reporter stopped the young passenger before he boarded the saucer-shaped virtual particle vehicle.  "Me young man excuse.  I your name what is may ask?"
The small boy stopped to look up at the reporter, then said, "I alone am traveling, why yes, and my name Trunlio is.”  The reporter's camera crew had been two other Nephricans that started walking around the boy while pointing small handheld cameras at him.
"The audience how old you are tell?"
The little gray squid creature deliberately puffed himself up with his three tentacle legs to stand a bit taller.  "Twelve years old I'm, and of my life perfectly ready to charge take.  My grandparents this ticket so I an Eagolim can up grow bought.  They a personal promise from Captain Mynervood that I will looked after be have."
Then the young child bravely walked up the virtual particle vehicle ramp to his destiny.  The reporter moved his story along to the child's crying parents, who had already said goodbye to their brave little Negolim boy who would come back someday an Eagolim.  That had been when a group with 15 Negolim protesters holding signs stopped the reporter on the TV.
"The Beyonder us Negolim out from the knowledge about the universe that we all as a society acquired are shutting."
Then another protester interjected for the camera, "Yeah! All kinds of conspiratorial secrets from Negolim there kept are!"
Then they broke out in a quick rehearsed chant.  "We to know want! We to know want! We to know want!"
The reporter seized the story opportunity and asked, "So me and our audience out there about these conspiracies you today protesting are tell."
"We proof that all photos we of Doldoria treated photos have get see.  They the existence for civilizations with intelligent life on Doldoria are hiding."
The reporter let the protesters continue to speak on his show, but his single eye advertised a worried look that he might have his live-story cut short if it got too controversial.
"How with all the surveillance satellites we a virtual replica of the entire planet Doldoria to explore don't have?!"
The reporter offered a skeptical response on behalf of his viewers.  "Oh on come! The space authority such an enormous organization secret about intelligent life on Doldoria is couldn't be keeping."
Another protester imposed himself on the camera.  "Oh yeah?  That only one of many conspiracies is! The Eagolim another two-eyed, two-legged, two-armed alien life form on some planet out there have discovered, and they us it about won't tell.  We these aliens intelligent know are, and they among us even be hiding may."
That had been the moment the live news broadcast cut to the next reporter for the show.  After the television changed stories at the actual scene, the reporter appeared upset about his show being cut short by a controversial interview.  
He waved his tentacles at his camera crew and a Pripican couple boarding the virtual particle vehicle to get ready for take-off.  "Oh on come! I Pripicans right now could be interviewing.  Nephricans Pripicans by fascinated are!  I to them off myself to was short cut, and to this male and female Pripican talk!”  His camera crew consisted of two Nephricans using two small tentacle-held camera holders that followed the reporter and an editor who typed away on a laptop computer-like device.  They all appeared to be on break.
The two four-legged Pripicans ignored the reporter and boarded the virtual particle craft.  They were a newlywed couple named Fluisudal and Jaden.  Pripicans were a more monogamous culture than Nephricans, and they tended to marry one partner once for life.  
The two Pripicans were furry all over beneath their travel clothes, and their faces seemed to be a mixture of goat and human.  Pripicans were a lot like centaurs in ancient Earth myths.  The Pripican couple trotted to an available viewport as the saucer's ramp finally closed, and the antigravity flight into space began with the virtual particle vehicle suddenly falling upward on a river with those elusive gravitons.
Jaden looked over at her husband with an expression that explained without a word to Fluisudal that she still wasn't used to speeding suddenly into space with no g-force effect to expect.  The virtual particle craft also controlled the virtual particle effect within the vessel, making it immune to its centrifugal effects.  They just stood like many other passengers by the viewports along the sides of the circular room.  Some were sitting in available seats but without seatbelts or anything.
Fluisudal put an arm around his bride to comfort her.  
"Cutting edge virtual particle technology controls any gravity field to include the area in this room.  Right now, we are traveling at an incredible speed."
Jaden just smiled a rhetorical reply while they watched the planet Nephrica shrink rapidly before them through the viewport.  
Fluisudal continued to explain things, a distinctive trait in his character.  "The virtual particle technologies evolved from corona observations with different star masses that shed light on the phantom matter phenomenon."
Phantom Matter had been the same as what Earth astrophysicists currently call dark matter.  It was a sub-atomic particle that sometimes got produced when virtual particles, for some reason, failed not to exist.
Fluisudal decided to speculate in his intellectual way about where all that knowledge had been taking them.  "The Beyonder uses warp space aerodynamics to get to its incredible speeds.  We are learning to peek around to the other side to reality and finding an entire antimatter universe there."
Jaden liked to encourage him to go on about such things since her mind did find it stimulating, and it had been one reason she married him.  "I'm not convinced of the antimatter universe theory.  It is still just a theory."
"Well, not a theory without evidence and verified proof.  We can flip the nuon charges with matter to go outside the universe.  The antimatter universe is not far away from warp space.  The antimatter universe synchronizes to this universe, and vice versa.  Therefore everyone in this universe has an antimatter counterpart.  You are both synchronized between the universes so that every action coincides to action in the other."
Jaden also liked playing the skeptic role.  "Sounds like the universe just has a mirror it can look at itself in."
Fluisudal appeared amused by the comment.  "They are synchronized but not identical.  We have no idea what the other universe does when I do something here.  Both universes go their separate ways, weaving their realities.  Yet they are haunted with predestination caused by synchronicity between antimatter and matter."
Jaden's head spun after that, but the view out the viewport she had turned towards didn't help her head.  The virtual particle transport already approached the luxurious cruise ship called The Beyonder.  The orbiting spaceport satellite docked the famous starship at it.  It got silhouetted by the glorious galactic bar appearing as blinding at night as a daytime sun in some areas in the galaxy.  In the 2nd Age for Magphoreus, the galaxy had a brilliant galactic bar filled by Ralus Xnoga's ravenous eating habits at that time.  
Ralus Xnoga had been the affectionate name given to the supermassive black hole in the center of this galaxy named Magphoreus.  The galactic bar gave nighttime on Nephrica an indigo glow that we don't see on as many planets in this present 3rd Age for Magphoreus.
Jaden suddenly became inspired to sing a familiar space traveler's folk song that she knew called "Ocean and Sky.”  Pripicans were inclined to break out in song sometimes, and Fluisudal harmonized with her voice during the refrain verses.  "In time, it gets dark on the sun.
Move slower, oh fiery one.
Not in a night without the sky.
Not a sky above to ask why.
It's lonely at the top.
Just ask the ocean
breathing the shore non-stop,
a lonesome motion.
What will you do, fiery one?
Will you know for sure when you're done?
Trot upon the rug of the sky.
Touch fingers of stars you pass by.
The future will not stop.
Just ask the ocean
who combs her foamy top
washed with shore lotion.
Space gives you everywhere to run.
Will you wait for me airy one?
Not a sky without clouds of lies.
Not a lie for the one who tries.
It's scary at the top
Just ask the ocean
with nowhere else to hop
a lone emotion.
In the distance, it still looks clear.
Be careful with the scary fear.
Not love for another without the pain.
Not home till past the edge again.
I wonder what the future holds.
(Listen to the ocean.)
I wonder what the future holds.
(Listen to the ocean.)
I wonder what the future holds.
(Listen to the ocean.)
I wonder what the future holds.”  Then both smiled at each other in satisfaction over a well-performed A cappella rendition.  Then they noticed they had an audience with Nephricans treated to a rarely seen activity for the alien Pripicans and had taken an interest in their performance.  There had not been clapping, but then they broke their silence with compliments to the couple who sang beautifully.  Nephricans were less evolved musically than Pripicans and had a natural admiration for a species that could carry notes better than Nephricans with their snouts.  The stomach in their snouts made them more inclined toward burping.
They flew around the glorious satellite monolith to a great galactic culture that had at last begun traveling the unfathomable distances between stars.  The Nephapricans had started with the inherited advantage from evolving in a tightly packed cluster with 15 legendary stars.  The Beyonder looked like a glorious ocean cruise ship on Earth suspended in space at the satellite spaceport, which they were also about to dock on.
Before these days, with luxury cruises between stars, there had been a whole age for slow space flight using slightly compacted tiny vessels as both Nephricans and Pripicans began leaving their planetary wombs.  Once robots could finally cross the unimaginable voids, things started speeding up into several million miles per hour.  As ships got faster, they also accommodated larger crews with Maphoreonauts.  A ship's journey to another planet needed to satisfy the crew's environment as much as possible.  Large ships became considered a necessity to survive long trips through space.  Therefore the years spent in outer space by the galactic Eagolim became as much like a relaxing luxury cruise as possible.


Jaden and Fluisudal Behold The Beyonder

The virtual particle-driven saucer docked with the satellite spaceport serving as the home for The Beyonder when it came to Nephrica.  The ship was built in space only designed to land once on a planet, where it would remain in the case of a catastrophe or emergency.  The spaceship got equipped with four virtual particle vessels used to come and go to and from space.  
There had been a central saucer section to the ship that could detach from the remaining craft to function as a separate virtual particle non-interstellar craft.  Virtual particle-driven vehicles used mercurial-based gyroscopic fields of electricity that generated a surrounding positronic virtual particle field.  The field orients to an artificially generated mass polarity point for navigation.
Jaden and Fluisudal strolled off the exit ramp into the spaceport docking bay.  There were Nephricans in space navy skin shirts to escort the passengers into the docking bay to The Beyonder.  A couple of passengers stopped at concession stands in the docking bay eager to purchase refreshments or food.  It's a galactic irony on the planet Nephrica that you had to leave the world to find a place with excellent food.  There had still been the time before The Beyonder would take off, but space navy workers ran around anyway, trying to get passengers assigned to rooms on the ship for the journey.
The two newlywed Pripican passengers decided to get assigned their room.  They saw the famous Captain Mynervood greeting passengers as they entered the ship.
Captain Mynervood also discussed warp space with another passenger who worked on developing Quanta-Dimensional Warp configurations.  Jaden always wanted to shake hands with the great Captain, so she interrupted the conversation.  She imposed her furry three-fingered hand into the two-fingered Nephrican hand on the Captain.  "I have always wanted to shake your hand Captain Mynervood.  I'm sure my journey to Holdus is in good hands with you at the helm for this very space-worthy ship."
Captain Mynervood tried to know his passengers by name before getting on his ship.  "Jaden the new wife of Fluisudal you are.  I you Captain on this journey to be am happy.  I you two all the best for your post-wedding celebrations wish, and the best from my ship's comforts to your every need extend."
Fluisudal thanked the Captain for his gracious remark and shook his hand.  "Thank you very much, Captain Mynervood.  We wanted the best ship for our migration to Holdus, and I'm satisfied with this ship already."
A crewmember rushed up to introduce herself, and she escorted Jaden and Fluisudal to their room for the one light-year journey through space to the star Holdus.
The other Nephrican passenger still stood with the Captain as the Pripicans got whisked away.  "Those Pripicans strange talk sure do."
"You used to it when you around them enough get are."
Captain Mynervood admired Pripicans and kept a few on his crew as a rule, but not too many.  He found them to be quicker and more agile than Nephricans.  That had a lot to do with why the Pripicans won the Great War, but they were also graceful victors.  Captain Mynervood figured it had something to do with having two eyes that allowed Pripicans to see a better way.  The one-eyed Captain Mynervood found that virtue in his crew very useful.
* * *
Hagan Hiedalli failed to reach anybody at the satellite station.  It had been as if she got transferred in a futile run-a-round with everyone she talked to on the phone.  She picked Beatarkameed up off the table and decided to drive to the spaceport to speak to Admiral Mull personally.  She fumed with rage at the Admiral for leaving her on hold when she suddenly found him looking right at her when she opened the front door to leave.
"I to you Mrs.  Hiedalli to startled didn't mean.  I on your problem since we earlier today talked have been working.  May I in come?"
"Sir Yes.  I you there to see did not expect.”  She noticed there were several government vehicles parked across the street as they both entered back into her house.  It looked like the Negolim spies across the street were now under arrest.  
Arresting agents were escorting one Negolim spy from across the street to the police vehicle with some difficulty.  "Hey! It easy take! This Negolim that way don't play!"
The Admiral explained.  "I the whole operation against your son and husband have uncovered.  They all under arrest now are.  So The Beyonder mission no longer in any danger is.  You for your vigilant investigation, Mrs.  Hiedalli thank."
Hagan felt a wave with relief come over her while the Admiral began noticing the quanta-nanocoded device in her hand.  
"That what is?  How that you did get?"
She explained.  "My quanta-nanocoded technology the proof I used to get."
She opened the device up to introduce him to the quanta-nanocode being's virtual centaur animation body.  Beatarkameed looked like it had been hiding as it turned around to greet the Admiral.  "Hello sir, I am a Binary Electromagnetic Artificial Thought program named Beatarkameed.  
I infiltrated the house across the street and downloaded evidence about what they were up to."
The Admiral looked shocked.  "I that evidence for this conviction will need.  I all of it need, and copies destroyed."
Beatarkameed had been happy to give the Admiral the compiled data on the operation across the street.  It transferred the data into Admiral Mull's device.  The Admiral asked the quanta-nanocode being, repeatedly, if all other copies got destroyed, and the artificially intelligent entity swore that Admiral Mull indeed had the only document to that evidence now transferred onto his communication device.  After Admiral Mull left, Hagan had just been relieved that this trouble would now be all behind her.  
The Admiral assured Hagan that they examined her son and removed all mind-control implants.  
Agents of Ea onboard The Beyonder were going to control Adma, but now they were also in custody.
She thought back over the whole crazy 42 yearlong odysseys that she spent being the mother to a new species for life.  She had still kept secret this new species from the general Negolim public.  Captain Mynervood proposed to her when he learned she had become pregnant, and she had been thrilled by the opportunity to be a wife to the great Captain.  At first, it seemed like a dream come true.  
It had only been a couple of weeks after the marriage when Captain Mynervood received the tough assignment that would keep them apart for her lifetime.  He had appointed a particular doctor for the birth and told Hagan about the baby she had been about to have.  Then he took off for 42 Nephrican years.  Now she found herself just wishing her husband and their son Adma a safe journey to the far-off star Holdus.
Beatarkameed interrupted Hagan's remembrance.  "Sorry to bother you, Mrs.  Hiedalli, but I think you should know something.  I lied to the Admiral and didn't give him all the evidence.  I still have my copy.  There's something I think you should know about what I found over there.”  Hagan Hiedalli again found herself appreciating the subtle differences between quanta-nanocoded programs and the simple binary attempts at artificial intelligence that the Negolim on her planet made.
* * *
They closed and locked the door after the crewmember showed Fluisudal and Jaden their room for The Beyonder's journey through outer space.  Then they began unpacking equipment that they would use for spaceship infiltration.
"Did you get close enough to the Captain to obtain his security code?"
"I've got a copy of it right on this hand that I shook his with."
It turns out Fluisudal and Jaden were Pripican spies on a mission from Ea to Holdus to find out what this ship was doing.
"Perfect.  Download it to my input device, and I'll get it unencrypted.  You better not have forgotten the BEAT program we need."
Jaden felt stung by the implication.  "I remembered the BEAT program.  Would you like to meet it?  I think this one is quite a character."
His sudden show of interest acknowledged that he wanted to see it.  So Jaden pulled a small coin-sized saucer object from her pouch, which she kept draped across her back like a horse saddle.  The round thing had been coin-shaped and the size of an Earth quarter.  She let the object loose into the air, like allowing a small bird to fly free.  Then the thing flew about the entire room before stopping before Fluisudal.  A voice amplified itself from the floating object.  "Hi there.  I am Begalius, here to assist you two on your mission in my quanta-nanocoded way.  So now we are on the space ship called The Beyonder?  Oh, I do love space journeys."
Fluisudal smiled with genuine excitement to be conversing with the quanta-nanocode being.  Fluisudal couldn't resist explaining.  "We Pripicans figured out how to use nano-scale magnetic fields to construct quantum-bits used to compile nanocode programs.  
These beings had their start as quantum-bit attempts at artificial intelligence that worked.  They are known as the BEAT programs.  It is an acronym that translates into Binary Electro-magnetic Artificial Thought programs.”  Jaden just tolerantly smiled while already knowing what B.E.A.T.  stood for.
Begalius lived in a small object that could fly and camouflage itself with light bending invisibility.  Begalius had been quantum-synchronized with the thing to give Begalius a physical form.  Otherwise, Begalius had been more like a spirit on a molecular level that emitted photons.  The quarter-shaped physical form gave Begalius a way for interacting with our dimension ruled by physics to relativity from his quantum physics reality.  Begalius would remain with The Beyonder after Jaden and Fluisudal departed after the ship reached the far-off star Holdus.
*
Captain Mynervood sat on the bridge to run the final checks before taking off.  He had crawled through every aspect of this mission all day with his highly experienced mind to make sure there were no loose ends and that nothing got forgotten.  The Beyonder had been a fine ship with its virtual particle field technologies installed in the floors, which allowed the crew to wander around inside no matter what unbelievable high-speed navigation stunts the ship did outside with its nuclear explosion-driven fusion drive.  Finally, after a day checking, again and again, the Captain no longer had any reasons not to get on with it.
"Strek, out from the docking bay us take."
"Captain yes,”  said Strek, the Pripican navigator for the ship, as he skillfully worked the complicated controls at the helm on the bridge that existed within the detachable saucer section.
The ship became detached from the satellite spaceport while Captain Mynervood spoke into a microphone that broadcasted his voice throughout every corner of the vessel.  "Captain Mynervood this is.  We out from the station now are pulling.  We the reactor over the next few moments until acceleration begins will be warming up.  There some g-effects that even the artificial gravity not might compensate for will be, but it mild like a sharp corner fast with a vehicle taking is.  We off to the star Holdus for a couple years now will be taking.  You about a bit more 50 days in time be than will have experienced."
The Captain fixed the Navigation coordinates to the predicted location for the star Holdus approximately two Earth years from the take-off moment.  He squatted down on his Captain's stool, waiting for the reactor warm-up to complete.  
The Beyonder's nuclear reactor powered a fusion reaction during its constant acceleration and de-acceleration.  This acceleration method had been similar to how a hydrogen bomb achieves a fission explosion by igniting hydrogen explosions around enriched uranium material.  Only The Beyonder used nuclear bursts directed in on themselves to achieve a fusion effect with the ship's hydrogen-packed acceleration core.  The Beyonder looked suspended for a moment like a blimp floating in the purple ambient light from Magphoreus.  At the same time, the backside started to glow with the orange heat from the magnetic field containing nuclear explosions.  Suddenly a white light emitted itself out the tail to The Beyonder, and the ship was gone, hyper-accelerating on course for the far-off star Holdus over a light-year away.

Chapter 3

At the relativistic equivalent for meanwhile on a planet called Caleb that orbited the star Yat, was where The Beyonder eventually would be traveling to after it stopped at the Holdus star system.  The planet Caleb’s orbit had been barely within the habitable zone to the dim star Yat, and its thin atmosphere entertained temperatures over a hundred degrees below freezing.  On the surface of this freezing planet existed a single research and terraforming facility that the Nephricans had run.  They slowly melted the surrounding frozen gasses into a thicker atmosphere to make the world habitable for Nephrican and Pripican colonists.  This facility recently had its entire staff recalled back to the star Holdus several Earth years before, replaced by a single Nephrican who would oversee making the planet habitable.
The single Nephrican male in charge of terraforming Caleb was named Prospero Napels.  He sat within the heated research facility with his three tentacle legs drooped over the sides on a stool while he watched screens that displayed a spacecraft approaching the planet.  Prospero had been brooding over his overwhelming responsibility to make this planet habitable.  He knew why they had to abandon the facility for this task.  His single Nephrican eye remained fixed on what he had to do to fulfill his orders.
Originally this assignment was not intended to be such a solitary mission.  Prospero traveled to the planet Caleb with his new wife Mir Napels on the ship that would also leave for the return journey back to Holdus with everyone else from this facility that worked here.  During the four years spent in space between Holdus and Yat, Mir had become pregnant with their first child.  The effects from travel near the speed of light were still mysteries to the early Nephapricans, and its effects on biology presented mathematical paradoxes to Nephricans and Pripican scientists.  Nevertheless, they still anxiously sought the extension to their lives by traveling that way because they already knew prolonged life to be a very beneficial side effect.  Another side effect from the near-the-speed-of-light time/space paradox had been the rapid incubation period for pregnancy.  The child had been born on the ship about the equivalent to five days after conception, and unfortunately, during that time, Mir only ate the meals she naturally felt inclined to eat over five days.  
Even though Mir had been an Eagolim who had already lived a couple of hundred years and had still been young and healthy, she didn’t survive the effects of that rapid pregnancy.  Mir died while giving birth in hyper-acceleration space to the only Nephrican living in this Caleb terraforming facility with Prospero.  Ever since arriving here, Prospero raised his mutant daughter born in outer space as a humanoid Eagolim.  Prospero’s daughter would be named Randa Napels.
Prospero shifted his attention from the screen monitoring the spacecraft as it still entered the atmosphere over the planet Caleb.  Then he observed another screen tracking a comet approaching the planet.  Prospero then felt frustrated over the years wasted trying to thicken this planet’s atmosphere, only to watch the solar winds sweep all his work away.  He pressed a tentacle on the transmission button to speak to the inhabitant in the spacecraft.  “You that comet back on target Beatariel right have nudged.  Well done.  I you the observation satellites for this afternoon’s experiment with similar accuracy am sure have positioned.”
Then a voice with a Pripican dialect responded through a speaker.  “You shall not be disappointed, Prospero, my master.  We are sure to get excellent data from the phantom matter experiment.  The phantom matter shall illuminate in the plasma flames to your amazement, master.”
“My servant then very well done.  The spacecraft to the landing bay return, and we the neutrino bomb shall prepare.”
Prospero happened to possess the first Nephrican quanta-nanocode artificial intelligence program named Beatariel.  Nephricans stole the program by cloning it during a war over a thousand Earth years in the past.  
Now the artificial intelligence program functioned as the loyal assistant to Prospero.  Prospero had been able to use the quanta-nanocode entity for controlling all the equipment at this facility.
Prospero’s daughter walked into the room and approached her father.  She wore a similar skin cloth uniform as her father, probably also made from the same father’s skin, but the similarities ended there.  Prospero twisted his single eye around along with his snout so his mouth could point toward his humanoid daughter to speak.  “Beatariel, the spacecraft soon will be landing.  You while we a neutrino bomb into the star Yat drop should stay.  We a glimpse into phantom matter on this screen right here as the flames the planet Yat-1 engulf should actually see.”
Randa placed her five-fingered hands on her father’s tentacle shoulders as she gazed at his single eye with her two eyes.  “I to have you and Beatariel with to stay would love.  I so bored around here sometimes get.  I what phantom matter is don’t know, but I it a sight to behold am sure is.”
Prospero gargled out a laugh from his snout while looking back at his daughter.  She had been entirely alien to him with her body and bald two-eyed head, but still, he loved his daughter with an admiring eye.  She had similar colored skin with no snout, but the mouth looked identical.  Randa’s mouth even reminded Prospero of her now-dead mother’s mouth.  He then began to teach his young second-generation Eagolim daughter.  “Phantom matter a product from the virtual particle phenomenon in the universe is.”
She partly understood that.  “You gravity so mean.”
“Yes.  The virtual particle phenomenon molecules together binds, and my tentacle when it the table hits to ‘off back.  I solidity am,’ tells.  Planetary objects particle fields with the star in its tugging gravity with also exchange.  The planet’s virtual particle field the star to tells, ‘off back! I a planet am.’ Today we the phantom matter that when virtual particles real particles become forms going to see.  You should stay.”
The physics to Nephrican science, at this point in their understanding, proved gravity to be a relativistic manifestation and expansion from what Earth physicists call the Strong Nuclear Force, which binds molecules together.  This relativistic Strong Force led to the understanding that the Strong Nuclear Force extended way beyond its role as molecular glue on the quantum level to manifest as a naturally flowing virtual particle phenomenon that manifests along the curvature to space and orients to mass polarity points.  Then the conversation became distracted when a sub-hyper-acceleration spacecraft landed on the icy planet outside.  
Sub-hyper-acceleration had been the formal label given to spacecraft that didn’t have hyper-acceleration drives.  They were solar spacecraft for travel within the boundaries of a single solar system.
The airlocks on the ship opened for a short while and then closed, but nobody got off the spacecraft.  Then the airlock to the landing pad outside also opened and closed as if it let somebody in from outside.  Prospero and Randa responded as if someone had arrived there from the spacecraft that landed from outer space.  Then the invisible pilot in the spacecraft outside spoke through a speaker on the control panel.  “The mission to correct the trajectory for the coming comet was a success master, and the observation satellites are ready to record the solar flare information.  The show is ready whenever you want to initiate it master Prospero.”
Randa looked confused for a second as she tried to understand Beatariel’s Pripican dialect.  Prospero had been more accustomed to the alien grammar.  
“Beatariel excellent.  Us the satellite on the screen let get, and the first neutrino bomb prepare.”
“As you wish, my master.”
Nephricans and Pripicans were beginning to study the mass and corona effects around the 15 legendary stars that would become Nephapricus.  The coronas surrounding stars got revealed to be the virtual particles or gravitons from the stars themselves.  Virtual particles would deflect passing photons during the brief period they temporarily accelerate along the curvature for space through existence.  The phantom matter was composed of sub-atomic particles formed when virtual particles occasionally stumble their way into becoming actual particles.
Prospero used the technology for the quanta-nanocode entity named Beatariel to control all the equipment at the facility.  It had been like a friendly ghost in the machines.  Beatariel existed as a little microscopic character that darted and dashed about in the room and through the circuitry in the equipment like a tiny sprite to turn Prospero’s will into reality as he commanded.
They watched a video satellite feed that came from the sun, and the video adjusted to not let in all the light from the star Yat.  Therefore the planet Yat-1, also known as Curirem, had been visible against a dark space backdrop even though Curirem orbited very close to the star constantly bathed in Yat’s light.  The satellite that observed the planet Curirem also had a stash with neutrino bombs on board.
This situation motivated Prospero for this mission to terraform the planet Caleb.  His solitary predicament allowed him an entire star system all to himself to conduct his controversial phantom matter experiments.  
He intended to study the effects of super-heated phantom matter.  Similar experiments led Pripicans to invent a mass accelerator now used to increase speeds for virtual particle-driven crafts.
“The neutrino bomb Beatariel launch!”
Suddenly the satellite feed displayed a flash from light as they launched the first neutrino bomb with calculated precision into the star Yat.  The star Yat responded with a giant plasma flare from solar indigestion.  Across the viewscreen, massive flames with solar plasma slowly approached the planet Curirem through space at a thousand miles a second.
As the flames from the star engulfed the solar system’s closest planet to the star Yat on the viewscreen, they were all treated to a rare spectacle in nature when the invisible phantom matter in the universe becomes visible.
Randa let out an “Ooooh!”  sound as the planet Curirem suddenly displayed a bright Saturn-like ring with light around its equator.  It made up a circle of light around the planet Curirem from super-heated gravitons and phantom matter where it happened to be in its densest concentration.  The light grew as the plasma flares passed by the planet, and then the luminous ring went out as fast as it got turned on.

Prospero and Randa Observing the Phantom Matter Experiment

Randa became overjoyed by the spectacle like a small child watching a firework.  She had just been a young girl with a single parent living alone on an icy planet.  In addition to that, she had been a two-footed, two-eyed mutant freak of nature looking nothing like the others in her species.  This appearance made Randa a very lonely girl whose only real friend in the world had been a microscopic quanta-nanocoded artificial intelligence program that talked funny.  Such a life as Randa's will try to find joy and entertainment in just about anything they can find.
Prospero greedily poured over the wealth he acquired from data pouring in as the solar storm engulfed the defenseless planet in flames.  He secretly wished he could bath the planet Caleb in a similar solar flame storm, but they were too far away to heat the world that way.  Prospero had another plan to make the planet Caleb warm enough to support his life form.  The planet had a thin atmosphere because it didn't have a strong enough magnetic field to protect the atmosphere from erosion by solar winds.  To remedy that, Prospero sent Beatariel to an incoming comet to point its trajectory directly at the planet Caleb.  Prospero calculated that the carefully directed impact on the other side of the planet would magnetize the planet's primarily metalcore.  Prospero figured that would give the atmosphere a thick blanket with a solar wind-resistant magnetic field.
* * *
The Beyonder hyper-accelerated at .6 times the speed for light between the stars Ea and Holdus and had not yet got at the point when it had to turn itself around to begin hyper-deceleration before its final arrival coming to a stop at the star Holdus.  The Beyonder displayed the latest displacement technology, a precursor to faster-than-light warp technology.  The Beyonder had a bulbous instrument in the front of the ship that used the energy from its incredible speed to define it beyond the location for any significant object in its path, thus avoiding any space debris that crossed the ship's trajectory.
The antimatter created in the Big Bang creation event tacked itself upon all the matter in this universe to make an antimatter universe on the other side of this universe.  This antimatter universe faced away from the positive universe and our perceptions.  This division also kept all matter in both universes from being mutually annihilated.  Every positive charged sub-atomic quark on every atom in this universe also is a negatively charged sub-atomic quark on the other side in the antimatter universe.  Therefore everything in this universe had an antimatter counterpart mirroring everything that happened.  Warp space had been achieved by the Nephapricans attaining the ability to switch the quark-charge around an object, to allow it to pass through reality beyond light's unbreakable speed by actually existing beyond this universe in a warp space between the matter and antimatter universes.
Space debris had always been a problem with deep-space flights.  Early ship designs employed enormous shield material amounts on the ship's front to absorb and deflect rocks and debris, which would pulverize obstacles when the vessel reached another star.  Soon newer technologies were developed that converted the ship's speed into robust magnetic shielding that deflected debris.  Larger objects the device couldn't deflect were detected and avoided by a good navigator who had to constantly adjust the ship's trajectory while being aware regarding other things in the ship's path.
The role of the ship's navigator had been to figure the trajectory not for where something currently existed but where it would be whenever the ship got calculated to get where it went.  Nobody Captain Mynervood ever knew other than Strek Lusu was better at this.  The Pripican observed a particle in the ship's path that wouldn't be affected by the magnetic shield and had also been too big for the warp shield.
Strek had been a first-generation Pripican, so his four-legged form required the stool in the navigation station to be removed.  Pripicans were four-legged and didn't ever sit that much unless lying down to sleep.  Otherwise, they stood firmly on four powerful horse-like legs.  "Captain! The object is not going to move out of the way.  I'm going to divert our course .0003 times a degree in angle."
Captain Mynervood routinely would look in on the navigation station to supervise.  The post needed constant attention, but Captain Mynervood spent a lot more time watching the Nephrican navigator that replaced Strek when Strek's shift became over.  The navigator had to calculate where they wanted to position the ship accurately, or they could be lost.
"I you me about the action appreciate informing.  Please proceed."
Strek calculated the coordinates and even double-checked them against his calculations.  That had been a navigator's job.  "I see .00076 percent of the correction appears off.  I'll recalculate as I correct."
The numbers always drifted a little.  It had become the art for navigation to dance a spaceship across the curvature for space/time to its destination.  Captain Mynervood pointed a tentacle at the star Holdus that shined in the viewport.  "The star Holdus the ship's grasp still approaching.  I you us their Navigator Strek will get us know.”  
Strek looked up from his meticulous calculations at the star Holdus in the viewport, which still approached.  It had been as if he had forgotten it had been there in plain view on the view screen.  "Oh yes, we are well within a perfect approach from here."
"I you to your job Navigator Strek will leave.  Your eyes alert keep."
"Yes, sir, I'll remain alert and vigilant, Captain."
"That I not do doubt.”  The Captain left the Navigator station confident that it had been in good hands.  He valued Pripicans like Strek.  The Captain often even turned to Strek for his characteristically levelheaded advice.
The Captain strolled down a long hallway in his ship, The Beyonder.  The Beyonder had been an eloquent luxury spacecraft that he found himself taking extra pride in commanding.  He indeed had inherited an excellent spacecraft, which still seemed brand new.  This voyage was a recreational mission with passengers here to enjoy the galactic evolution experience in style.  The Captain passed several passengers looking for more among the ship's many available amusements.  The hallway led to a viewing area where a Nephrican couple observed the navigation shift in course, which Strek still performed.  It had been a rare moment when the stars in the viewport would shift a little.  
Even without the occasional shift, the view from mighty Magphoreus in the second age would be indescribable to behold.  However, when a change got noticed, it indicated avoiding a large object.  If you kept a sharp eye out, this situation provided a rare and exciting closeup view for something close passing by the ship at 401,760,000 miles an hour.  The couple had been keeping company with the young boy named Trunlio, who had been by himself on this space cruise to become an Eagolim.  Captain Mynervood could tell that the boy's company became less and less appreciated.  
The Captain intervened.  "So Trunlio, I how you are for awhile doing have not checked.  You recently eaten have?"
The young Nephrican spoke up.  "Sir, yes.  I a meal with the Purmultas here had.  I the greatest time on the cruise am having.”  
"That good to hear is.  You to the swimming pool have been yet? You to swim like do?”  
Trunlio had not been to the pool yet.  "This ship a pool has? You me where it is can show?"
That went according to the Captain's plan.  He lured the young boy away from the two lovers who wanted to romantically embrace, away from the child under the spectacle featuring the galaxy's 2nd Age bar from stars that shined brilliantly through the nebulous dust.  A romantic space cruise needed to be savored by lovers while it lasted.  Even though The Beyonder had to be in space for approximately two Earth years, the time within the ship proceeded exponentially faster than the universe outside.  Therefore, only a couple of Earth months in time would seem to pass to the passengers on this ship.  Nephaprican galactic evolution had just begun during this dawn to the sub-light speed hyper-acceleration age, which started to unite three legendary intelligent forms for life in the tightly knit cluster of the 15 legendary stars in the galactic empire known as Nephapricus.  
As Captain Mynervood escorted the boy to the location for the ship swimming pool, he turned to observe a passenger that then abruptly turned down another corridor out from the Captain's view.  
Trunlio noticed the exchange.  "That passenger us Captain is following?"
"About that passenger, son, do not worry.  You if he or anyone else you bothers me let know."
"I, sir will."
Captain Mynervood already knew about the Agents of Ea that were on board his ship following him.  He already knew all about whom and where they were, and Captain Mynervood had become determined to be watching them at least as close as they were watching him.  The Captain and the boy continued to the swimming pool.  Nephricans were almost better swimmers than they were at walking, and swimming had always been fondly embraced pastime ever since the species first evolved away from an amphibian ancestor.
After dropping Trunlio off at the swimming pool, the Captain began altering his course down the corridor that led to the ship's cafeteria as he sensed another strange presence again.  Captain Mynervood stopped to look around.  Ever since The Beyonder first took off, he sometimes felt the presence of something or someone around him.  It had probably been some surveillance technology used by the Agents of Ea on board to watch him.  Still, Captain Mynervood had the feeling that this invisible presence had been something completely different.  Captain Mynervood began to believe that The Beyonder had a ghost on board.  
Nephricans were a very rational species that never embraced a belief in ghosts at any time in their history, and Nephricans were perfectly indifferent towards death.  They had even evolved comfort in viewing the phenomenon as a genuine end.  This view about death for Nephricans probably manifested as their characteristically ambitious rush to accomplish things in life, and they always were in a hurry.  On the other hand, philosophies about life after death were included in Pripican culture from the beginning to their much longer, more romantic history.  That had been where Captain Mynervood had first learned about ghosts during his early space journeys.
*
The Pripican spies Fluisudal and Jaden were in their room getting ready to go to the ship cafeteria for a meal.  The Beyonder had a luxurious diner, including an extra formal area for passengers who made special reservations.  Fluisudal had already done that for their next meal, so they were both looking their best.  Rationing and producing food on deep space missions had been essential for a journey's success.  In the ancient history of space travel, there had been entire crews of spaceships that before starved to death, as well as documented cannibalism occurrences.  Ironically the initial problem that presented itself when speeds began approaching .6 times the rate for light in the current hyper-acceleration age had been that missions would overstock food.  At first, enough food got taken to feed the crew for the time the trip would take, but at such incredible speeds, the flow in time for the ship moved much faster, and crewmembers nourished their bodies in sync with the faster rate to time.
Jaden brushed the tangles out from her backside fur while wondering what took Begalius so long.  "Begalius should be back by now.  I'm not sure if it is a mature enough artificial intelligence program for this mission.  Begalius is like a small child spending spare time immersed in old fiction stories published long before any real advancement in Pripican culture.  What could it possibly be learning from such ancient fiction stories from those old cultures during the brief fossil fuel age?"
Fluisudal wore a nice jacket that draped a skirt around his four legs.  "I am fascinated by the quanta-nanocode being's interests.  It is the stuff for a personality that is developing Jaden.  I know he loves the old fossil fuel age transportation and stories popular at that time about law enforcement and villains.  It reminded me of myself when I was first maturing."
"What maturing? You are as immature as Begalius.  That's why you two get along so well and why they say males never grow up.”  Even five billion Earth years ago, the nature of the male being immature and child-like had been already well established in the Pripican culture at this story's time.
Just then, the coin-shaped object that represented the physical Begalius form jumped off the table on which it had been lying motionless.  Then the thing started flying around the room.  "I'm back now, Jaden.  I am sorry for the delay.  I was watching the Captain during the ship's latest trajectory adjustment.  We were correct in suspecting that the ship's scheduled maintenance on Holdus-2 had been a cover story.  I could locate the ship's secret orders in the computer records.  The Nephricans will transport secret contraband to the planet Caleb, which is orbiting the star Yat."
Jaden had been impressed.  "Well done, Begalius.  I apologize for my doubts about you before."
Fluisudal became inspired to explain the warp avoidance technology used by the ship so they didn't have to dodge debris constantly.  
"This ship makes very few deep space adjustments because it utilizes the latest warp technologies to avoid collisions with debris.  We have created a substance that will reverse its subatomic charges with the right counter-occulting electronic currents applied to it.  They cover the front of the ship with this subatomic charge-reversing substance, which makes the front on the ship exist in another universe called warp space.  This amazing technology promises to provide a way to travel faster than the speed for light someday."
Jaden just had to interject.  "Only if it is possible to travel faster than light.  Many scientists argue mathematical proof for the impossibility."
"I know such travel is impossible in this universe, but warp space isn't in this universe."
Begalius just hovered between the two centaur-like beings and thought they were starting to get off-topic.  "Another reason I didn't get back when expected is that I have observed that there are Agents of Ea on board, keeping track of Captain Mynervood's movements."
Fluisudal spoke.  "This may be another attempt to murder the Captain.  The last attempt destroyed his ship, and only five members in his crew died when it failed to destroy them all."
Even Jaden agreed with his conspiracy theory.  "I think you may be right, Fluisudal.  That is another aspect of your mission Begalius.  Captain Mynervood is a very highly respected good friend to the Pripican Empire.  Don't let them harm the Captain.  The last ship that the Captain was in charge over got sabotaged, but these Agents of Ea probably won't kill the Captain by destroying this ship while they are still on board."
*
Meanwhile, in another room on the ship, three male Nephricans were sitting on stools watching surveillance equipment that didn't follow the Captain—these Agents of Ea of onboard still controlled the Captain's humanoid son Adma.  Humanoid crewmembers onboard The Beyonder didn't bother wearing hologram disguises as they did on the planet Nephrica.  Part of initiating Negolim passengers into becoming Eagolim had been to let them in on the humanoid evolutionary secret.  Soon this secret would surely get out that the humanoid version to their species will inevitably and unavoidably dominate their fledgling galactic society like a whole new galactic species to replace the terrestrial version.
One Agent of Ea spoke up.  "Adma to the rendezvous point his weapon to receive send."
*
Adma learned the basics of ship engine maintenance in the reactor section at the ship back section with his half-brother Ulusu who had also become a close friend.  After finishing his duties, Adma began taking a different route back to his room.  The Beyonder had been an enormous deep space vessel with areas Adma had still not explored.  
He wandered through the ship passenger bays, which had become a hobby that had already made him lose track of time more than twice since this space journey began.  Adma seemed to know where he had been going as he walked down a quiet hallway that had been empty until a Nephrican appeared waddling down the hallway in the other way on his three legs toward Adma.  
Their eyes met, and then they immediately both dramatically acted like they didn't know each other.  Then the approaching Nephrican pulled out a gun from behind some skin cloth and pointed it at Adma.  The Nephrican handed Adma the gun as they passed in the hall.  Then the Nephrican continued down the opposite direction as if nothing had happened, while Adma quickly hid the pistol beneath his skin cloth crew uniform.  Adma then returned to his room to hide the deadly weapon he had just acquired.
* * *
It was speeding across the 3.4 light-years between Poa and Yat stars, another smaller spacecraft hyper-accelerating to the star Caleb orbited.  The ship began to turn around to start the 3.4 Earth years in deceleration time before it arrived at the star system for its destination, where the planet Caleb orbited beneath frozen methane and ethane skies.
Onboard the spacecraft were members of the Pripican Empire from the planet Pripica.  They were on a mission to find out what the Nephricans were doing on Caleb.  The news about the evacuation for the research facility had reached authorities on the planet Pripica.  They also knew about the researchers replaced by Prospero Napels, a notorious mad scientist inventor from the Nephrican species.  The Pripicans already regarded Prospero as a dangerously reckless scientist who the Nephricans admired and even encouraged for the sake of the collective Nephrican obsession with being better than the Pripicans.  Nephricans just never seemed to get over the Pripicans defeating them in the Great Galactic War, which Nephricans so foolishly started in the first place.
The Captain on this Pripican mission had been named Captain Swain, who stood on four legs at the bridge while overseeing the beginning of the spaceship's deceleration.  The small ship had seven crew members who were anxious to get to the Yat star system to gain intelligence on what diabolical experiments the Nephricans had handed an entire star system to Prospero to conduct.  
Rumor had been that Prospero was on the verge of another breakthrough by the Nephricans in the science for terraforming lifeless planets.  It had also been controversial amongst Pripican astrophysicists that the planet Caleb had been a dead world.  It featured temperatures well below what could sustain Nephrican and Pripican life forms, but scientists theorized that perhaps a more silicon-based life form could exist on the planet Caleb.  Maybe the discovery of such a life form had been why the planet Caleb needed to be evacuated in the first place, with a notorious mad scientist left behind to finish the genocidal job.  That had been what this ship filled with Pripicans had been on its way to investigate.
Captain Swain's crew were named Gonzal, the male navigator, Ceres the female chief engineer, Antone the male physician, Lonzoa the male engineer; and Sebast, another female engineer.  These crewmembers were fur-covered centaur-like Pripicans; however, another crew member on this ship happened to be the Captain's own second-generation male Eagolim son named Ferdinand.  The Captain's furry son stood behind his father on two humanoid legs.  
A special humanoid ship uniform got tailored to accommodate the Pripican version of the evolving galactic humanoid anatomy.  Pripicans had fur that made them indifferent to clothing, and they also didn't grow clothing out from their bodies as Nephricans did.  Pripicans acquired a taste for clothing as they evolved into more and more intelligent egocentric animals.
Unlike the gray-skinned hairless Nephrican humanoids, multicolored-fur covered Ferdinand, similar to his brown-furred Pripican parents.  Ferdinand had a thick mane for hair atop his humanoid head, along with a well-groomed beard and mustache.  This fur had been more evolved than the brown fur on regular Pripicans, and it displayed different colors according to the mineral content within it.  His body stored minerals in the hair, which the body's metabolism then would draw upon for nourishment.  The Eagolim Pripicans were more open with the terrestrial (Negolim) types to their species concerning this new galactic humanoid version for Pripican born to parents who had their DNA altered by deep space travel at .6 times the speed for light.
* * *
On the planet Caleb, a gray-skinned hairless Nephrican female humanoid form looked out the viewport in the research facility upon the desolate frozen landscape outside.  Outside, the air thickened in the cold, and it seemed to freeze all sound.  Randa pondered the opaque silence until she suddenly became startled by the voice from her only friend on the freezing planet Caleb, the quanta-nanocode entity named Beatariel.
"You can't go outside to play without an environment suit, but I wouldn't recommend going outside at all, young Randa."
Randa turned to face the invisible friend that took the voice form coming from amplification equipment on the wall, but then she turned her two-eyed gaze back upon the planet's barren landscape.  "Beatariel, my only friend you out there go used to, and in the planet rover explore.  Why you out there anymore not go out do?"
"Well, Randa, it was my master Prospero who stopped the exploratory missions to investigate the planet's terrain.  We had learned all that we needed to learn and decided not to learn anymore."
"I you with my father about phenomenon found remember arguing.  What you Beatariel out there did find?”  
"Oh, I never argue with my master Prospero young Randa.  We were resolving a miscalculation on my part.  I am forbidden to tell you what I found out there, Randa.  Your father, Prospero, is having me guide a comet into this planet to magnetize the core.  That will allow my master to thicken the atmosphere.  Then whatever is out there will no longer be of any consequence."
The conversation seemed to be over.  Randa wanted Beatariel to go out there again to explore, but she knew there would be no way to talk it into doing anything that its master forbid.  Her father always had been such a controlling and focused being.  He had been the only male she had ever known, but the two were so different.  Then she realized she didn't want Beatariel to go outside after all because she wanted to take the exploratory vehicle out herself.
She had not been sure if Beatariel had still been around or not since it went silent.  She could never tell where her invisible friend would be, but it probably currently waited on every whim from its master, her father.  She entered the environment suit room to put on a protective suit designed to accommodate her humanoid form.  Randa sat in the vehicle for quite a while, but no quanta-nanocode individual or father yet intervened to stop her.  
She knew how to use the exploratory vehicle since Beatariel gave her lessons when she had been younger and when journeys outside were more permitted.  She started the all-terrain transportation, opened the environment bay doors, and waited for a while longer for someone or something to stop her.  Still, no voice from Beatariel came across any speakers to plead for her to stop.  That had been the last chance Randa would give anybody to stop her, and so then she drove outside into the frozen world called Caleb.
Prospero did not specifically instruct Beatariel to forbid Randa from driving outside in the environment vehicle, but it didn't feel right about what young Randa did.  Beatariel knew it should have stopped her.  Oh dear me.  What should I do? Maybe a better action would have been to stop her? Oh, why do I just let things like this happen sometimes? I must tell my master what has happened.  He will instruct me about what to do.
*
The environmentally protected all-terrain vehicle maneuvered the rough slick, icy planet's terrain with ease.  Randa had found an icy ravine to drive through that seemed to become more profound as she proceeded across the frozen environment.  She became lost in amazement by the intricate beauty in ice formations hanging from the walls around her.  They probably formed from different frozen gasses that would weave together into different colored patterns under temperatures –179 degrees Celsius or –290 Fahrenheit.  The nitrogen atmosphere held up clouds with methane and ethane until it rained down against solid frozen water rocks.  
Waves from frozen gasses decorated the sides of the ice canyon that Randa had been navigating.  She realized that she finally enjoyed a time with not being bored to death all alone in the lonely abandoned research facility.  She figured that whatever punishment she would be sure to endure, it would be worth it.
As she continued down the ravine, the sides began to make elaborate patterns that also seemed to take on their own life.  Her journey continued as she fixed her eyes upon the threads from frozen gasses that would weave into decorations that appeared to her as intelligent.  Then she noticed that the walls on the ravine seemed to be breathing like a tide in slow motion.  Randa eventually had to park the vehicle to look closer, wearing her environment suit.  
The strands with frozen gases along the sides of the ravine were moving like animated life forms that stretched up the ravine sides like some colorful breathing tree roots.
"This what Beatariel discovered must have been,”  she said out loud to herself.
Randa got out and walked away from the stopped vehicle to get a closer look at this phenomenon.  She walked to one side of the valley that she had been driving through, which brought her up to one tree-like root with frozen gas that waved from side-to-side as if alive.  Randa stood there watching the frozen gas root wave to her as if it knew she had been there.
Then Randa gathered her courage and dared to touch the dancing frozen multicolored gas root.  The root immediately stopped moving and appeared to be startled by the sudden alien touch from Randa.  It even seemed to begin to tremble with fear for a while.  Randa backed away, also surprised by the intelligent reaction.  
She suddenly realized that this had been what Beatariel discovered, and what the quanta-nanocode entity had found had been that intelligent life already evolved on the planet Caleb.  Her father doesn't want anyone to know about this because he intends to destroy this life so he can make this planet habitable for Nephricans.  That had been her father's constant obsession and the orders he followed from those selfish Eagolim planet conquerors that had sent her and her father to this frozen planet in the first place.  Randa watched as the frozen organism rooted in the wall to the icy ravine stopped trembling.  It seemed to look curiously at her somehow as it stretched towards her, unable to break away from the frozen cliff side.
Randa ran back to the vehicle, realizing that what her father had done was wrong.  She turned the automobile around and started back to the facility.  Beatariel would know this had been wrong.  She wondered why it allowed her father to carry out the terraforming operation on a planet where they had discovered life.  She thought everyone knew better than this.  She realized that this must have been why Beatariel seemed to remain silent as she prepared for this journey, and then it just let her go outside to make this discovery on her own.
As the vehicle disappeared from the place where she had got out to touch the icy life form, the side on the ravine began to stretch in the direction that the vehicle drove off as if trying to reach across the impossible distance to the car now long gone.  Then frozen gas strings seemed to weave together till they eventually formed into a humanoid-like stick figure in imitation from the life form that had just stood there earlier and touched it.  Something made out a stick figure from multicolored tree-like roots that broke away from the remaining life form that remained breathing on the ravine wall.  The frozen planet's silicone-based life form then started walking up the ravine on two stilt-like legs in the direction that the vehicle had driven.  After Randa had just touched it a minute ago, this organism walked while imitating the humanoid.  That at least demonstrated that this strange silicon-based life form did learn quickly.

Chapter 4

Back on the planet Nephrica, Hagan Hiedalli enjoyed her new life as a single middle-aged woman.  She had her whole life ahead since her son and husband were now almost half a light-year away.  It had now been nearly a Nephrica year after authorities finally apprehended the Agents of Ea.  Now it was over, and Admiral Mull told her that it would be a long time before they would need her to testify at the trial since the prisoners needed interrogating to unravel the entire plot against her husband, the famous Captain Joberk Mynervood.
Hagan considered it all behind her as she drove into the starport city that towered above most of the landscape, including the surrounding mountains.  Nephrica had been a much larger planet than Earth, and Nephricans and Pripicans were larger than Earthlings.  The size of the starport city dwarfed mountains that were as high as 28,360 ft.  Hagan Hiedalli paused to appreciate this view as she pulled over to fill the vehicle’s tank with more saltwater.
Upon her arrival at the starport mega-city, she took a vehicle elevator to the level of the city that she had decided to visit that day.  It happened to be the same level she had been at before to meet with the gatekeeper, but it also had an exciting entertainment mall that she wanted to visit.  She had brought some skin cloth clothing that she had recently sewed together, and she liked to see different art shops to get the apparel tattooed.  Tattooing skin cloth had been something many Nephricans were into doing.  Many Nephricans wanted to have artists draw on their skin cloth to improve their appearance.  It added aesthetic interest to an otherwise neutral gray wardrobe.  
It has only been within the last couple thousand years that Nephrican culture began dying skin cloth different colors, and it is as if they still were reluctant to embrace non-gray skin cloth.
Hagan had been a stylish Nephrican woman who liked to meet different artists to add variety to her skin cloth wardrobe.  She just came out from the artist’s parlor, where she had got most of her clothes tattooed and one skirt dyed blue to go with a blue blouse she had back at home.  Suddenly, Hagan noticed a servant who had abruptly left her job with Hagan before Captain Mynervood returned.  Hagan already suspected that she had been an undercover Agent of Ea who had infiltrated her household to be closer to Adma.  She hopped on a tentacle back into the artist’s shop to avoid her notice.
The artist became happy to see her again.  “Mrs.  Hiedalli, you on the bird drawing for that skirt after all so have decided?”
“I sorry am.  I I a skirt thought forgot, but here it is.”
Outside the shop, she poked her eye around the corner to see the servant that quit her employment now walking away in the other direction.  She tried to summon the nanocode program Beatarkameed, which she kept in her purse.  She spoke into the device that opened up like a cell phone.  “Beatarkameed! That woman one that I for the Agents of Ea that my son were controlling think worked was.”
“I already made that identification, Mrs.  Hiedalli, and I already have placed a geo trace on her.  We can follow her if you want to.”  The Pripican animation on the cell phone-like device disappeared, replaced by a map for the local city area.  A small blinking dot strolled along a street line on the map.
Hagan followed the woman she once thought she knew down the streets at the starport mega-city until she observed the woman finally arriving at a Negolim government headquarters.  Beatarkameed followed the woman inside to confirm that she had been a government Agent of Ea.  It became no surprise that the government got involved with this plot.  She just wanted more specific details.  She decided to wait till the geo trace on the woman went home, and then she would confront her.

Hagan Hiedalli and Beatarkameed

As she returned to her vehicle, a Nephrican stood by it with skin cloth wrapped all around his body like a mummy.  It had been the gatekeeper to the underground.
"I here to you that you yourself in danger are putting warn am.”  The gatekeeper appeared nervous like he had gone out in the open to talk to her at significant risk.
"I to know what on is going just want.  That woman I is one of them followed.”  
She had been ready to discuss this at length, but the gatekeeper already indicated that the conversation was over.
The gatekeeper said as he shuffled away.  "The truth very dangerous is, and we about that woman already knew.  The underground to you protect wants.  This than just a Negolim Agents of Ea plot bigger is.  There important Eagolim involved are, and Eagolim basically immune to prosecution are."
*
Back at the house for Hagan Hiedalli, a stranger slithered up to the front door.  The Nephrican stranger placed a strange device near the lock while contemplating how useless most magnetic locks were these days with some new quanta-nanocode decrypting devices currently invented.  The door opened without protest.  
Inside, the assassin locked the door behind him.  Then he found a discrete cranny in the house to await his latest assignment victim.  It had been a straightforward murder to be made to look like a suicide.  
The assignment gave him a digitally produced suicide video, which he had to leave at the scene.  It seemed like a pretty easy job.
*
Hagan Hiedalli didn't listen to the gatekeeper's warning.  That demonstrates a character trait in Nephricans that they appear to follow to a fault.  Once they become determined to do something, it is hard to detour them from their determined direction.  
Hagan followed the woman to her home later that afternoon.  The woman she followed also lived outside the mega-city in the endless sprawl that surrounded it as far as the eye could see.  Hagan thought it would be a long drive back home to her particular cranny in the sprawl that night.
She had come a long way for this confrontation, and so when they arrived, she got right out from the vehicle and followed the woman to her doorstep.
"Me remember?”  Hagan reached her just as she had been about to unlock her front door.
"Mrs.  Hiedalli, oh! You here what brings?"
"As if naive not do speak! I to what you to my son did know want!”  Hagan became furious.  
The woman became equally confrontational.  
"I not know what you about speak do, but you soon to away by security be escorted are."
The two women went on with a loud verbal confrontation for a couple of minutes before the woman slammed the door with a final warning that she would notify security.  Hagan returned to her vehicle to leave with no new information about the truth she had sought.  Inside the car, she opened up her quanta-nanocode device to speak to the Pripican character on the screen.
"You in her follow did?"
"I did indeed, Mrs.  Hiedalli.  She did call someone, but it wasn't security.  You need to have a look at this."
The centaur-like animation disappeared, and then an image with Admiral Mull appeared on the screen.  "You here calling why are?"
The ex-servant woman's voice spoke.  "That Hagan Hiedalli woman just here was.  She too much knows, and my cover blowing is."
The Admiral appeared to not be at all worried about this.  "Not yourself with Hagan Hiedalli concern do.  I already regarding her as a problem taken care have.  Now here again not do call!”  Then the video transmission for the woman's call to Admiral Mull abruptly hung up.
Hagan Hiedalli became stunned by the sudden revelation that Admiral Mull had been behind the Agent of Ea plot against her son and husband.  He had always been a good friend that her husband introduced as a best friend.  
She drove home wondering what the Admiral meant by 'taken care have.' The underground already had warned her that she had been in danger.  She had a long time to think about it on the long drive home.
*
By the time Hagan finally pulled into her suburban enclave where she could finally find a home, the light from the star Ea began to show along the technologically cluttered horizon for Nephrica.  She had become exhausted as she unlocked the magnetic lock with her tentacle finger's biometric data.  
She just wanted to get into bed for some sleep, and then she would make up her mind about what she would do.  As she began to shuffle toward the stairs, someone suddenly emerged from the shadows.  Then she felt something thump her in the chest just before sudden shortness of breath.  Her throat became wet like she drank something, and it started going down the wrong throat.  She coughed while coming to the realization of red blood spitting out her throat.  
Then she noticed the blood flowing down her skin cloth blouse from a chest wound.  She spun around in horror just before collapsing into a blood pool.
The assassin very professionally placed the gun in Hagan Hiedalli's tentacle hand.  He wanted to shoot the side on her head, suicide style, but the projectile hit her chest instead for some reason.  He didn't think she had moved enough for him to be that far off target.  
Still, the sucking chest wound would be sure to accomplish the task, and it had to be a single shot for the suicide story to remain convincing.  
He had been about to leave before remembering the additional instructions for this job.  He rummaged through Hiedalli's purse until he pulled out the cell phone-like quanta-nanocoded device that had been the physical form to Beatarkameed.  He then left the suicide message and left Hagan Hiedalli for dead while locking the front door behind him.
*
About two and a half minutes earlier, Beatarkameed noticed the assassin shoot Hagan, and it flew out from its physical device to help her.  It caught up to the bullet as it had been just about to enter Hagan's skull when Beatarkameed smashed against the projectile to deflect it, but it still headed toward her chest.  
Beatarkameed barely entered the wound right behind the giant iron bullet and smashed against it again just in time to deflect it away from her heart.  It became lodged in her ribs after tearing a hole through the lungs.  
Beatarkameed became deluged in red blood molecules that invaded the lungs while winds with oxygen molecules blew in and out from the chest wound where they had never blown before.  The quanta-nanocode entity dove into the lung's geography and summoned super-heated energy to begin cauterizing her injuries from the inside out.  It did this in a frantic molecular frenzy until it suddenly became startled by its quanta-synchronization to the physical form that the assassin then took away.
When Beatarkameed responded, the assassin still took the cell phone device from Hagan's purse.  It took almost three whole seconds to leave Hagan's chest wound to scrap most of its contents out from the device into the bottom of Hagan Hiedalli's purse before returning to the task of sealing up a sucking chest wound before she died.  It seemed as if she wouldn't make it.  Beatarkameed needed help.  It struggled for a decision between continuing the futile task of sealing her wounds from the inside out or taking the precious seconds to use her phone and contact some help that might itself waste too much time.
* * *
The Beyonder was prepared for the deceleration point about an Earth year into the one light-year journey between the stars Ea and Holdus.  The deceleration point was when a hyper-accelerating spacecraft had to turn around to begin slowing down—turning this around required that skilled engineers maneuver nuclear rods into the reactor to slow down the fusion effect that produced the energy for acceleration.  Once the reactor on The Beyonder cooled down, the ship swung the reactor section around before the debris avoidance bulb at the front of the spacecraft.  This adjustment kept the avoidance mechanism in front of the ship's path.  The reactor swung into position by the passenger bays that flanked the saucer-shaped bridge at the center of the craft.  That's how the particular design for The Beyonder got made to maneuver this halfway point on a hyper-acceleration journey.

The Beyonder

According to the Captain, Humanoid 2nd-generation Eagolim crewmembers on The Beyonder always made the best engineers, which did not exclude his humanoid children from performing the chore.  
The Captain's sons Adma and his half-brother Ulusu got appointed for this mission to the star Holdus.  
Adma and Ulusu talked a lot while they worked heavy machinery that would grab the reactor rods from the storage containers to position them at the reactor.  It started to bother Ulusu how Adma looked for reasons to dislike their father, the Captain.
Adma spoke.  "Our own father sons the most dangerous task for the ship journey is having do."
Ulusu once again had been defending their father.  "Captain Mynervood a ship engineer before a Captain becoming began as.  Back when we all almost his vast wisdom as an engineer us to the fusion plume enough to the ship stop contain allowed died.  Without the plume, we through space for the rest of our lives would have hyper-accelerated."
Adma laughed, which sounded human, and nothing like a gargle.  "That like the ultimate journey sounds.  What kind of beings we become would?”  
With nothing to stop a ship at .6 times light's speed, the ship would just continue indefinitely forever across the galaxy, probably never to return to the little 15-star cluster in the Carina Arm for Magphoreus.  Nephrican Eagolim physicists can only speculate on how such an endless lifelong journey at such incredible speeds would affect the structure to DNA already known to do several crazy things at that speed when just at a relatively shorter duration.
Ulusu changed the subject.  "I the topic to change want.  You when you be with me here be helping should have been disappearing.  You on the last shift where were?"
Adma became confounded.  "Last shift? I a shift missed? I … I remember not do."
"You to blanking out on this journey be seem.  It before since we left has happened."
Adma had been at a loss to explain.  "I not remember do."
*
Meanwhile, Lockfreedow, the ship's first mate, neglected some duties after becoming immersed in the data program from their last failed mission.  His preoccupation had been the data program Admiral Mull gave him just before they took off on this journey.  He remained in his quarters, pouring over a keyboard and a screen while exploring every aspect of the voyage that went wrong.  He sought answers about what happened with the journey that killed seven comrades and almost killed them all.
Geben Lockfreedow confronted that the last ship should have worked without fail.  That became a one-two punch that concluded that something sabotaged that mission.  He ran simulations on the data, modified and compared it to the data from what happened to pinpoint the nature of the sabotage.  Where was the sabotage? How did the sabotage take place?
At first, there had been no connection.  The data on what should have happened just didn't match what happened.  Lockfreedow found himself reprograming the digital data finer and finer until he finally found himself using a quanta-nanocoded application.  That would be the only way that allowed the data to match up.  The ship had been, in all probability, invaded on the quantum molecular level to existence by something like a quanta-nanocode virus.  The whole slew with quanta-nanocoded breakthroughs lately seemed to be in the process of recreating the entire Nephapricus Empire from within, right here at the infancy of their galactic civilization.
Geben Lockfreedow pulled himself away from the data and switched off his interface device.  It had become time to attend to his first mate duties and make sure he mentioned the results from this investigation to the Captain.
After Geben Lockfreedow left his room, there was still someone in the room.  Deep within the digital electromagnetic effects still circulating on the table's digital circuitry, a small quanta-nanocoded molecule collection began to energize and cascade into a quanta-nanocode being.  This intelligence existed as a much simpler version for the Binary Electromagnetic Artificial-intelligence Thought technology, and it became known as a quanta-nanocode virus.
Within the interface device upon the table, it began to find its way into the mainframe circuitry on The Beyonder.  It queried the hard drive for information on the location of the ship's reactor.  In the ship engine room, nuclear fuel had been stored in a dormant state until refined through centrifuge devices used to create the atomic explosions that generated the necessary pressure to turn a tank with hydrogen fuel into a fusion event.  Someone programmed the quanta-nanocode virus to cause the reactor enrichment centrifuges to oscillate incorrectly while at the same time producing data that assured the engineers that absolutely nothing had been wrong until the centrifuges exploded along with the ship.
*
Time became very different in a ship that hyper-accelerated through space at half the speed of light.  Spacecraft time has no conceivable relation to how time flows at slower speeds with non-interstellar space flight.  Therefore an atomic clock operated as the primary timekeeper on a ship, and crewmembers got advised to routinely calibrate their time-keeping devices with the ship's atomic clock.  The ship clock measured days out as ship cycles, which were supposed to be approximately the length in a day on Nephrica.
Adma didn't remember it, but he had been monitoring the Captain's schedule in his spare time with some invisible assistance from the Agents of Ea that were onboard controlling him like a puppet with sophisticated mind control technologies.
Adma had selected a place near the Captain's quarters that usually remained abandoned.  He knew the Captain waddled by this crossing on the way to his quarters around the same time each ship cycle to update his ship's journal.  Adma brought the gun with him this time.  It had become time to do the deed.  
Adma had found himself digging for reasons to do this.  Captain Mynervood never spent any real time with his sons, always busy checking in on someone else.  He put his only sons to the most grueling and dangerous engineering jobs.  Adma thought it would be better still living beneath a hologram disguise back on Nephrica.  He hated his father, Captain Joberk Mynervood.
*
Meanwhile, Captain Mynervood talked to Trunlio in front of the viewport.  The core to Magphoreus inside the viewport nestled within the galactic bar during the 2nd Age.  Trunlio had been pre-adolescent at the beginning of this journey but now had become a two-foot taller adolescent at the halfway point on the light-year in length journey they were on.  This dramatic effect with maturity speeding up during hyper-acceleration only happens to immature children.  With older beings that have fully matured, the results from hyper-acceleration slow down.  That increases even to the point of practically stopping the aging process entirely.
Trunlio had not been so sure this speeded-up aging process would stop.  "When I out from my skin-cloth clothes will I stop? I more replacement clothes need."
"It soon Trunlio will stop, but you a grown male when it done is will be.  They your family about this were warned."
"My family a proud Negolim name that way back in history goes are.  I the title for the Eagolim to carry am.  I much about it to say not did have."
Captain Mynervood became surprised by the new attitude from the adolescent Trunlio.  "You, however, much more enthusiastic about that when this journey at what like only 20 or 30 ship cycles ago seems started were."
"I sir sorry am.  I I growing pains guess have."
Captain Mynervood knew what might distract the child from his distress.  "I at these speeds most my life have traveled.  I many wondrous things about at these speeds traveling have learned.  I we all on such slow points in the universe that we from the natural continuity of existence, which us to everything joins become detached believe."
It had been something the Captain succeeded in leaving Trunlio deep in thought about, distracted at least for now from complaining.  The Captain started back to his quarters to update his ship journal data.
Meanwhile, Adma became poised around the corner, still waiting for his father to pass.  He had just peeked around the corner to see Captain Mynervood walking his way.  The gun came out ready to shoot the next Nephrican that walked by the corridor crossing.  He could hear his father's tentacle steps approaching, and his finger began to squeeze the trigger in anticipation.
Then Lockfreedow caught up to the Captain to report what he had concluded from his investigation.  Adma could hear them around the corner.
"Captain! Permission to my findings from the data about our last mission report."
"First Mate Lockfreedow certainly.  With me to my quarters come.  I something interesting for my journal now have."
The glaze that possessed Adma's eyes this whole time started to blink itself away.  He had not planned for someone else to be with the Captain, but now both were approaching.  The gun began to aim again, and the glaze started to return to his eyes as he decided there would be no turning back now.  No now back turning.  No now back turning.
Then a humanoid hand grabbed his gun arm from behind while another arm wrapped around him and jerked him back into the shadows.  Adma became almost limp while Ulusu silently pulled him back in the abandoned side corridor.  The Captain and Lockfreedow walked by, conversing with themselves, oblivious to the failed assassination attempt that just happened to their right down the shadowy unused hall they had just passed.
"I the whole thing Adma saw.  I out for my brother closer than you thought have been watching.  What with you wrong is? Where you this weapon get did?"
Adma became Adma again and felt like he just woke up without remembering the dream he just had.
"I sorry am.  Ulusu I here not got how do know."
"I to my brother into the Captain not turn am going, but I to you yourself to the physician to be checked out turn in am going make.  Her everything Adma tell."
"I will.  I brother will,”  said Adma as he willingly surrendered the weapon to Ulusu, his half-brother.  No! That gun not do surrender.  The gun keep.  The gun keep.
* * *
When Randa took off outside in the exploratory vehicle on the planet Caleb orbiting the star Yat, Beatariel disturbed its master Prospero to inform him about the news.  It seemed to take Beatariel much longer than immediately locating its master to inform him regarding this.  Prospero's anger just shifted from wondering why he had been disturbed to why Beatariel allowed it to happen in the first place.  There were times that Prospero questioned the programming in Beatariel.  It seemed that it came with bugs still compiled into the logic circuits.
"Enough my problems with you, Beatariel, about I have had! After her in your robot form go, and her immediately back bring!"
"As you command master, so I obey."
Prospero had been fuming mad about this turn in events.  Beatariel assumed control over a two tentacle-armed robot with two human-like legs to run after Randa.  Prospero eventually calmed down enough to remember the audio link to the exploratory vehicle he could use to contact Randa.  Prospero attempted to reach his daughter on the audiovisual link from the station.
"Randa! Randa, I you to to the station right now return command! It dangerous out there is, and you hurt could be!"
At first, Randa had decided not to answer the message from her father, but since she had been on her way back anyway to confront him, she argued that confrontation would be less painful from a distance.  
She opened up the audiovisual link to talk to her father's face that now appeared on the control panel screen.  
"Father, I the real reason we never outside go now know.  There intelligent life out here that you to with a comet impact destroy is."
"Randa, there may some exotic fungus in the extreme cold forming be, but you to about what kind of life forms intelligent are learn have."
"It at me looked! I it frightened! You about to intelligent life out wipe are, and father you me to that wrong was know raised!"
"Randa, back to the station come, and I you my studies into what you for intelligent life out there are mistaking will show.  It a simple collection with single cellular silicon constructs that with some collective unison through electromagnetic networks acts is, but it intelligent not is."
"I father not do believe.  I … I the vehicle not can move.  What is? … Aaaaaghhhhh!"
Randa kept screaming through the speaker as she disappeared from the screen.  It seemed like something outside had grabbed the vehicle and started hitting it against the side of the icy ravine.  Prospero wasted no more time and waddled fast to the environment suit room.
*
The Beatariel robot body ran down the icy ravine, which its geo-tracking mechanisms indicated Randa had driven down.  It looked like a metallic dwarf with tentacle arms waving.  This robot suit had been Randa's favorite physical form that Beatariel would occasionally assume.  
She grew up with Beatariel in this form, playing games like robot Beatariel were her little brother.  Soon Beatariel came up upon a scene with a giant creature made from multicolored frozen gas arms that now wrapped around Randa's vehicle and slamming it over and over again against the cliffside.  Beatariel stopped its robot body to devise a plan.  
This location had been a narrow crevice near the ravine beginning where the creature had grown around long ago to set this trap.  It became a thin section to the canyon where the silicon creature had grown around to function as the mouth on a giant Venus flytrap.  She had been allowed to drive in but now would be having trouble driving out.  Beatariel knew there would still be so much to learn about this life form.  It seemed to force Randa to come out of the vehicle.  The robot body that drove as Beatariel produced a weapon as it started walking closer to the creature, still banging the car against the cliffside.
Then a stick figure version of the silicon life form ran up the ravine on two human-like legs from the creature's other side.  The stick figure waved two human-like arms.  Beatariel stopped to observe the octopus-like arms still wrapped around the vehicle.  Then the giant arms set the car down before the human-like stick figure that looked like it got made from braided strands with frozen gas.  Then the vehicle door opened, and Randa came out to face the silicon creature.  Beatariel watched helplessly as the young girl courageously made alien contact.
Beatariel held its fire as Randa and the stick figure touched hands.  The simple end to the stick figure arm began to imitate Randa's complicated five-fingered humanoid hand better as the two connected.  There had been a mutual fascination between both beings as they touched, and they both became lost in this most profound moment.  
Their two hands slipped into a handshake.  The other version for the creature that surrounded the sides on the ravine-like throat released its grip on the vehicle and retreated away to the sides on the ice cliff.
Suddenly the stick figure standing next to Randa, still shaking her hand, jerked it away and began backing away.  Then it started melting away, making a brief appearance as a puddle with liquid on the ground before then dissolving in a vapor puff.
Prospero appeared from behind where the Beatariel robot stood.  "You Randa see.  It just a nearly harmless beam from a microwave pistol takes and then away like they never existed melt.  You on ice crystallization hallucinate."
"You him killed!'
"Him? Her? You mine daughter, so little about biology know."
Beatariel drove the vehicle Prospero arrived in while Prospero took Randa back in the slightly damaged car just released by the ice crystallization hallucination.  The creature had retreated as far into the cliffside as possible and no longer posed any obstruction.  Then Prospero drove her home.  The vehicle still worked, and Randa cried the whole time.  No matter how he explained it to her, she just kept calling him a murderer in response.  Prospero became exasperated because children were so naive about life and death, right and wrong.
Randa realized that the temperature change itself would annihilate the entire sub-zero degree ecosystem on this planet.  The life on this planet had been about to be melted away into vapor as if it never existed, just like her brief acquaintance with the stick figure.  He could not convince her that this had been right or justifiable.  What her father did had been wrong and a crime against the life in this universe.
Meanwhile, a terrible disturbance began where the stick figure had first originated.  The silicon life forms evolved within the cracks on the planet's icy surface, where the ultra-freezing surface winds failed to reach.  
Inside these valleys with slightly higher temperatures, tiny single cellular silicon-based organisms eventually gathered into multi-cellular collectives.  The life form that evolved along the ravine sides had been like a silicon-based fungus made up of collectives with microscopic beings that contributed to the whole organism.
For many million Earth years, the organism grew along cracks on the planet content to wave together from side to side.  As a collective, it dug out nutrition from the solid water on the sides to the gaps in the planet.  That had been before Randa touched it, and a million eyes beheld another multi-cellular collective organism like them.  It learned new tricks for arranging itself with the single touch from this alien being.  The alien multi-cellular organism that touched it had been a frail carbon-based life form hiding behind inanimate molecules for shielding.  The silicon life form could tell this alien had been a single-cell organism collective working in unison to produce a multi-cellular construct like itself.  At the time, several million silicon cells agreed to imitate the multi-cellular construct they had just met, and they used this construct to follow her.  They quickly bid farewell to the rest on the organism to form a human-like stick figure standing on two long stalks that had the newly acquired evolutionary advantage to move about free from the ravine side.  This change became a revolutionary innovation for the creature that became eager to explore the new power from mobility.  
After a period of waiting for their fellow organisms to return from the stick figure journey, the collective on the cliffside could now only hear the agonizing horror from several million fellow organisms somewhere distant screaming before the abrupt silence in death.  Some seemed to cry out pleading for mercy, but then they became silent as if they suddenly ceased to exist.  All the beings on the ravine wall listened to this terrible sound and then trembled with horror at what they had just heard as millions, no, several billion comrades that they before knew so well all suddenly screamed out in pain and then were gone.
*
Randa eventually calmed down, but her respect for her father had become permanently tarnished after the microwave pistol incident.  Another parent had disappointed a child.  It would not be the first time and certainly would not be the last.  Yet another child in the universe now grew up swearing that they would be nothing like their parent.
Meanwhile, off the planet out in space, Captain Swain's ship had, at last, arrived at the star Yat to carry out its Pripican mission to spy on Prospero's operation.  They had been discretely monitoring all electromagnetic activity that they could pick up from a position far away from the planet Caleb, which they were slowly approaching.  Then Gonzal spotted the comet with the altered trajectory that no gravitation data on the system could explain.
"Captain! That comet has had its trajectory altered to crash in the side of the planet Caleb.  The effects are sure to be catastrophic for the entire world."
"Good catch Gonzal.  There doesn't seem to be any low to how far a Nephrican like Prospero will stoop to get his way.”  
Gonzal also became aghast at the reckless planned abuse to a planet.  "Why are Nephricans so destructive in whatever they do?"
The Captain ventured an answer.  "Nephrican evolution has always been a rushed job.  They are exquisitely intelligent and rationally convinced about their superiority.  I believe that superiority, however, really masks a deeply rooted inferiority.  The three tentacles they evolved for mobility are examples of a life form not taking the time to evolve from ocean to land.  Other than fur, they rushed evolution to produce skin-cloth for warmth on the land environment.  I think this rushed evolution is a consequence of the extra stomach in the skull near the brain, which also gave them the cleverness to become a dominant planetary species."
The Pripican Captain trotted over to the communication controls to call his Chief Engineer.  "Ceres! I need the microwave beam weapon prepared immediately.  We are going to stop Prospero's latest experiment on a defenseless planet."
Ceres had been in the engine section with her engineering comrades Lonzoa and Sebast.  "Yes, Captain.  The ready light on the targeting controls will turn on soon."
She passed the order on to her subordinates.  "Lonzoa! Activate the microwave generator.  Sebast! I need you to re-rout the power accordingly.  The Captain wants to shoot something."
They all trotted off to their tasks.  
Meanwhile, the Captain's fur-covered humanoid son, Ferdinand, walked onto the bridge.  "Sounds like we are preparing for battle."
"Not precisely, son.  Prospero has positioned a comet to strike the planet Caleb soon.  I'm going to stop that from happening."
"It will probably give away our position."
"This is why we came.  If we don't stop that comet, we may have no evidence left that Prospero's terraforming operation is destroying any life on Caleb.  I think it is time to get to the truth about this.  We need to stop the Nephricans from possibly destroying the ecosystem on a planet.  We, as Pripicans, have a right to force him to at least wait till we can confirm the status for the planet Caleb one way or another.  This kind of thing is why our ancestors wrote that right into the treaty that followed the Great War."
Ferdinand knew when his father had gone beyond changing his mind.  
Then the Captain gave the orders.  "Gonzal, do you have the comet locked on target?"
"Yes, Captain.  I'm awaiting your order."
"Fire!"
They all watched as the comet on the viewscreen, for no apparent reason, suddenly started to break apart, and extra tails began squirting out from the 3 or 4 pieces left after it got shot apart.  Then all the pieces exploded into fuzzy clouds that then disappeared into nothing.
"You see, Ferdinand.  It only takes a beam from a microwave weapon, and an ice comet melts away like it never existed."
*
Prospero almost immediately noticed his comet bomb disintegrate right before his eyes on the comet view screen.  It didn't take Prospero's analysis long before realizing that a microwave beam melted the comet.  After that, it took him seconds to triangulate the point in space where the microwave beam originated.  Prospero shouted out an order to Beatariel as his eye closed in on the image of Captain Swain's ship above them far away in space.
"Beatariel! To target this ship with a neutrino bomb or something prepare! It a Pripican spy ship I out from the sky want shot is."
Beatariel had been quick just to obey its master's request.  "As you wish, master."
On the Pripican ship, they were still congratulating themselves on stopping the comet, but Gonzal never stopped monitoring the planet for possible retaliation.  Ferdinand wanted the spaceship to move away from their current position, but the Captain still talked to Chief Engineer Ceres about a well-done job.  
Beatariel, however, didn't respond to this from the planet.  Instead, it had been a satellite closer to the Sun that sent the neutrino bomb on its calculated trajectory.  It would be several minutes before Ferdinand convinced his father to move the ship.
They moved the ship into a position less likely to be spotted from the planet.  Gonzal never noticed any response from the planet Caleb and began to widen his scan for possible attacks.  The genius about Beatariel's quanta-nanocoded targeting anticipated the likely probability for their current defensive repositioning the ship along with 485 other potential positions.  Beatariel included that position and 53 additional positions in the calculated trajectory from its neutrino bomb attack.
The engine room exploded where the microwave generator that produced the comet-melting beam existed, and Lonzoa and Sebast almost instantly perished in the depressurized engine room.  The rest of the crew scrambled for the ship's virtual particle ejection craft.  Gonzal the Navigator, Ceres the Chief Engineer, and Antone, the physician, all got to the virtual particle craft and were ready to eject from the ship.  They all waited for the Captain and his son Ferdinand while the spaceship came apart.
"I'm not leaving the ship, son.  This catastrophe is all my fault."
"Nonsense, father! You are of no use perishing with this ship."
"No.  I've stabilized the reactor.  It will hold up long enough to bring it in for a landing.  If anything, it will distract Prospero from locating the ejection craft, and we can use the equipment I can bring down with this ship."
"We are depressurizing.  We won't survive."
"Go, son! The Captain has to go down with his ship.  Go on the virtual particle craft with the rest."
It had been a small ship, and Antone yelled from the lifeboat in response to the conversation.  "The ship is of no use, either way, you two.  Both of you need to join us on this craft."
The Captain started putting his hind legs into an environment suit.  "If you're going to stay with me, son, then put on a suit.  Otherwise, go with the rest of them."
Father and son both stayed with the ship in environment suits.  At the same time, the remaining crew jettisoned in a short-range virtual particle-driven craft to come to an easy landing on the planet Caleb close to the research facility.
That did escape Prospero's watchful eye obsessively focused on the flaming spacecraft that obviously would steer towards his planet for a crash landing.  It would also come in close to the facility.  
"Beatariel the wreckage for that ship find, and as prisoners any survivors take."
"As you wish, my master."
*
The ship only caught on fire more as the Captain skillfully guided it in through the atmosphere for a landing.  Ferdinand strapped himself in and tried to put fires out with controls that turned on automatic extinguishers throughout the ship.  
It had been a challenging landing, and they both were rattled by the four bounces the ship made on the icy surface area on the planet where the Captain had selected for landing.  There would just barely be enough power left for some reverse accelerators to bring them to a halt.  
Captain Swain just collapsed at the controls after all four legs buckled.  Ferdinand frantically tore off his straps and rushed to his father to assist.  
"Father! You did it! Are you alright, father?!?"
He examined his father and began to revive him when he realized that his father had died during the crash landing.  The last thing he did would be to activate the reverse accelerators before the bounces that the ship took on the slick surface killed him with multiple concussions to the head against the now smashed control panel.  Somehow, after being afflicted, the Captain still finished the landing before allowing his body to die.
Ferdinand still moaned over the centaur-like body for his dead father when Beatariel ran up in its robot body to point a weapon at him.
"You must now surrender as my prisoner, or else I will make you join your colleague there in death."
There had been no resistance left in Ferdinand, who returned with Beatariel willingly to the all-terrain vehicle it had driven out there to transport its prisoner.  The sad truth realized by all in the ship crew would be that Prospero's research facility now would be their only hope for survival on this icy planet.
Beatariel reported to its master after securing the prisoner at the terraforming and research facility.  Randa, who got confined to her room for her protection during the now foiled comet impact event, began to realize that they now had a visitor.
"Master, the survivor has been secured in a holding cell.  The other is dead near the wreckage for the ship."
"I their life-craft to land with the rest of the crew land may have been think.  There more bodies should have been.  I the prisoner will interrogate."
"They stopped our plans to thicken the atmosphere when they melted that comet.  How will I be granted my freedom now? There will not be another possible comet for maybe a hundred planetary orbits."
"Your complaining stop! Our agreement that you free when the planet Caleb a habitable temperature for Nephricans is will be was.  I just as well you in a magnetic matrix to your molecular structure disassemble encapsulate could."
"No master, not that.  I just wonder how we will warm up the planet now?"
"I another plan have.  I the authorities to a phantom matter singularity bomb test have convinced.  The star Yat in a phantom matter pool exists.  The resulting phantom matter singularity most the star's phantom matter would consume.  The resulting star will grow, and warmer be."
Prospero had convinced the Nephrican authorities that his phantom matter bomb would be a new non-toxic nuclear weaponry.  It had been his plan B to make the planet warmer.  Prospero convinced them that the resulting phantom matter singularity would be temporary and would just consume the immediate nuclear fallout, some other matter, and the surrounding phantom matter surrounding the star that the planet Caleb orbits.  
Prospero, however, knew the resulting singularity wouldn't just go away.  If not properly contained, the singularity could consume the whole planet Curirem (Yat-1).  Prospero intended to secure the phantom matter singularity, thinning out the star Yat's surrounding phantom matter ring.  
The phantom matter singularity would also expel higher-evolved elements from its poles that he could only speculate existed.  Prospero predicted that this would make the star Yat burn larger and hotter enough to extend the habitable zone well within the orbit to the planet Caleb.  Only Prospero knew the plan for what they would do about a Phantom matter singularity that would then be orbiting the star Yat.
* * *
Admiral Mull had been interviewed in his office for a news broadcast to announce a new space mission to the star Dol.  Admiral Mull would become the first Nephrican to reach Dol, where rumors about the existence of intelligent life had already been leaking out to the general population.  The reporter followed up while his two assistants waved a camera in each hand at different angles around the reporter's and the Admiral's heads.  The editor sat in the corner typing away on his editing device that fed the interview to almost real-time airwaves.
"You you the same ship that almost Captain Mynervood and his crew killed will be using say.  That dangerous is.  Why it again not explode will?"
"That my investigation back goes.  My investigation that Captain Mynervood's mission by Captain Mynervood was sabotaged concludes.  He psychotic has become, and may already The Beyonder mission to Holdus have destroyed."
The reporter had been ineffective in suppressing his joy at hearing the breaking news about the famous Captain Mynervood.  
He quickly covered it up with a shocked look from disbelief.  "This a shocking allegation is.  Why Captain Mynervood such a thing do would?"
"I it a mutation from too much space travel is am afraid.  The good Captain and myself always good friends have been.  I lately he from something he the continuity to existence calls perceiving has spoke am afraid.  He if he the ship while in hyper-acceleration, he one with this will become destroys believes.  Captain Mynervood well not is.  If he to Holdus he apprehended for his own good will be gets."
The reporter had been thrilled with the critical news that Admiral Mull announced in this interview.  The Admiral would prove that the fusion design Captain Mynervood had tested is sound after all, and then he would use that sabotage information against his rival.  The truth had been that over the years, Admiral Mull had become consumed with passive-aggressive jealousy for Captain Mynervood, the great explorer who laid down the foundation for this galactic empire.  At first, he just wanted Joberk away from him while taking complete control of the Space Agency.  Mynervood took all the glory while Admiral Mull did all the paperwork, accounting, and planning.  Admiral Mull planned to destroy his rival with disgrace while becoming the first Nephrican to make it to the star Dol.  Admiral Mull fantasized about becoming the god to those little blue Doldorians that had been filmed for quite some time by top-secret spy satellites positioned in orbit above Doldoria.
Even if the Agents of Ea fail, who he had allowed on board The Beyonder, after all, to compel Adma to murder his rival, there were still other traps he had laid down to sabotage The Beyonder to destroy the great Captain Mynervood finally.  The Admiral just had to stop at the star Yat first on his way to Doldoria and bring the components for a phantom matter bomb project to Prospero.  Captain Mynervood probably would not live long enough to complete that part on The Beyonder mission even if he manages to make it to Holdus.  The Admiral had drifted away into his gloating thoughts when the reporter repeated his question to get his attention back.  
"Admiral Mull, sir? I you the theory that there life on Doldoria is support said?"
*
"Admiral Mull, sir? I you the theory that there life on Doldoria is support said?"
Hagan Hiedalli had seen enough from that news broadcast.  "Can you that broadcasting device please off turn? I enough have seen."
The Negolim underground agent had been with her to prepare the deep space radio wave transmission pressed a button, and the broadcast news on the wall screen then disappeared.  He intended to help Hagan Hiedalli send the information to The Beyonder that she had learned about Admiral Mull's attempts to kill her husband.  
Now she also had the breaking news that she had just watched to warn her husband.  Her husband, Captain Mynervood, would receive this message while the ship slowed down, but she has to send it now at the speed of light for the transmission to catch up to the spacecraft about 6 Earth months later.
After the assassin had left Hagan Hiedalli for dead, her quanta-nanocoded friend Beatarkameed contacted physicians in the Negolim underground and kept her alive.  At the same time, they got there in time conspicuously rapid.  She now lived, thanks to them, with most of her healing complete and would soon be fully recovered.  The cover story about her suicide changed after the body of the suicide victim disappeared.  
The suicide message authorities initially found there needed to be forgotten quickly.  Now Hagan Hiedalli had become wanted for foul play, and the blood found at her home got attributed to a made-up murder victim she had seen intimately for some time.  The story now claimed that the suicide message had failed to fake her death with the murder.
Now Hagan had become an indoctrinated member in the Negolim Underground.  Her newfound friends were now assisting her in getting the message with what she knew to her husband on a ship currently traveling to the star Holdus a light-year away.  She hoped it would reach him in time to stop her son from whatever his mind control handlers were making him do.
Her Negolim underground friend had been indifferent to the rivalry between the two competing Eagolim space travelers that were both just trying to become the greatest Eagolim of all time.  Nevertheless, he had been proud to assist Hagan with this as a fellow friend in the underground and a friend whose enemy happened to be his enemy.  He explained to Hagan that the Negolim Underground resisted the changes that the Eagolim was bringing because they viewed the Eagolim as an alien invasion attacking the Nephrican race from within their DNA.  As futile as the future looked for their species, the Negolim could only, after all, defend what they were.  Hagan's Negolim friend announced that they had finally successfully hacked into the starport transmission tower from his Negolim Underground control room.  Hagan Hiedalli then started to think about what she would say.


Chapter 5

During The Beyonder's legendary journey, Nephapricus had been busy establishing colonies on the first couple stars beyond the home stars Ea and Poa.  After the Great War, reaching other stars became a supreme effort that cost both Nephrican and Pripican cultures longer than it should have taken before the galactic economy finally became able to reach out to the stars Oa and Holdus.  
The star Oa still exclusively remained in the Nephrican domain, where there existed a water world already inhabited by life.  The star Holdus on the other hand, had been closer to the Pripican's home star Poa, so both Nephrican and Pripican shared the two habitable planets with life that orbited Holdus.  
As space travel evolved into the hyper-acceleration age, the galactic Nephapricus reach extended to the stars Yat for the Nephricans and Paz for the Pripicans.  In this story, the expansion still hyper-accelerated from place to place.  
The nuclear fusion propulsion system used by the ship The Beyonder required that they eject the fusion plume at the mid-point in the journey.  Then the fusion plume would be recreated when the propulsion system positioned to bring the ship on a constantly decelerating course to stop at the intended destination.  Captain Mynervood and his Pripican Navigator Strek controlled this critical ship maneuver from the bridge.
"Navigation Officer Strek, you for plume ejection ready are?"
Strek, the perfectionist, calculated the time to the journey's exact mid-point, which remained a few seconds away.  He paused, which started to look like he ignored the Captain, but Captain Mynervood knew Strek better than that.  "We should eject the plume about …”  Then a strained period with silence lingered.  "… now."
The Captain worked a control on the panel to contact the engine reactor section.  "Chief Engineer Ulusu, the plume ejection begin."
Meanwhile, Ulusu worked for two engineers in the engine section since Adma got dismissed to see the ship physician.  The work had been easy enough for Ulusu, who had the experience from a dozen ship journeys and had himself been a second-generation Eagolim humanoid capable of outworking three normal-looking Nephricans.  There was little doubt amongst space travelers that the humanoid form produced by space travel's effect upon DNA gene switches had been a product of progressive evolution.
Ulusu had been working instruments, which controlled robot arms that moved the reactor rods into position.  He did this to cool down the fusion plume to reduce the constant acceleration effect.  Ulusu had been preoccupied with this task when he responded to the Captain's command.  
He reached over to some other instruments and pulled a lever halfway in response, saying, "Fusion plume, Captain ejecting.”  That had been when the ship spits out the energy ball that made up its fusion plume.
Then the reactor section to the spaceship rotated around the central spaceship, guided by the side passenger bays that surrounded the main bridge to The Beyonder.  The Beyonder main bridge section looked like a virtual particle-driven flying saucer placed in the center for the ship design.  Now Strek became free to position the propulsion system before the ship's path for the deceleration process.  
The whole process with constant deceleration is the mathematical reverse that got them up to this crazy speed, and it will take about an Earth year until they finally stop.  The fusion core will drift for a period before eventually exhausting its fuel like a miniature star that evaporates under its lack of gravity.
The reactor section to The Beyonder finally positioned itself in the front for the ship, where the warp avoidance mechanism would provide a debris shield.  Ulusu then rushed to the centrifuges, needed to activate the nuclear fuel for the explosion required to turn another tank with hydrogen into a fusion plume for the deceleration power to stop the ship.  Usually, Adma would be doing this while he filled the reactor tank with the hydrogen fuel that the vessel had on reserve.
Ulusu turned on the centrifuges and made sure they were accelerating correctly for the uranium enrichment process.  The centrifuges would gyro-oscillate the neutralized uranium into its active radioactive state.  
Gyro-oscillate refers to an advanced quanta-nanocoded centrifuge technology that created effects similar to the expensive particle accelerators on Earth.  However, this technology had been much smaller.  It used the patterns for gyro-oscillating particles to collide at near light speed with enriched uranium material to turn off its radioactive state until the nuclear material needed to be turned on again in a similar way for a fission reaction.  This technology had many applications, ranging from turning back on the fusion reaction in a warp-fusion hyper-acceleration propulsion system to neutralizing nuclear waste and making atomic bombs.
Ulusu made sure the centrifuges he had prepared with uranium were working correctly.  The monitors were reporting that everything oscillated with no problems.  He studied the readings and could find no fault with the data.  Then he ran off to the hydrogen tank to fill the reactor core.
*
Thelem had been the ship physician on The Beyonder, and she had not had much to do until now except comfort Trunlio over his hyper-acceleration-induced growing pains.  The version for their species known as Eagolim, who evolved the DNA with hyper-acceleration, were remarkably healthy, which tended to make the job as physician an uneventful experience.  That had been Thelem's problem only before Adma came to see her.
She took some extra time with introductory questions to discuss Adma's medical history.  She dug for intriguing information about the Captain for whom she worked.  She knew Captain Mynervood from way back a long time on the planet Nephrica at the star Ea.  Captain Mynervood became impressed with her intelligence and wit, so he tried to add her to his many wives.  Thelem never really had been interested in that, so Captain Mynervood made her the ship's physician instead.  She had Adma lay down to use the full-body medical scanner on him to begin to discern the cause for his reported blackouts.  
That had been when the Captain's Assistant Tyallor Nudeowan stopped by.  In addition to being the Captain's on-world chauffeur and making sure the Captain had been in want for nothing, Tyallor also made it his job always to know what had been going on.
"Physician Thelem, hello.  I you with Adma, who in engineering now should be are see.  Adma! Ulusu alone in the reactor section is?"
Adma looked up from the scanner bed.  "Ulusu me to here come dismissed, but I you who he me with not replaced can tell."
Thelem became annoyed with the interruption as she returned to her scan after Tyallor left.  The screen showed Adma's body under many diagnostic observations summarized into quanta-nanocoded MRI-like diagrams.
She watched the body from feet to neck, unimpressed by another perfectly healthy specimen with the much-studied and documented Eagolim anatomy.  After the neck, however, many mind control device anomalies stood out in the diagrams that were parading by her eye.  She had wanted something to do on this journey to the star Holdus on a ship with a whole tourist passenger crew, but now she looked at the Captain's son, thinking she now had more work than she bargained.  She kept her eye and snout expressions in check as Adma looked over at her, wondering what she looked at on the monitor.
*
An Ea  Agent aboard The Beyonder was on his way to the sickbay to deal with the uncontrollable Adma.  
Before he got to the sick bay, a call came in on his communication device.  "We back at the room need."
He reluctantly stopped his waddling towards the sickbay to reply.  "I the subject to neutralize was going."
"It for that too late is.  Already we him from to the physician not going could stop.  We must abort."
The Nephrican Agent of Ea struggled with the demand to change his direction.  This simple act had been hard for a Nephrican to do.  Nevertheless, the Agent eventually started shuffling in the other hallway.
As he shuffled past one among many unused corridors, the shadows pulled away to reveal the adolescent form for Trunlio, who watched the Agent waddle through the passage.  Trunlio had recognized the Agent earlier from the encounter with the Captain, and he had decided to follow him.  He had barely ducked inside this corridor in time when the Agent started the struggle to change directions.  He then started following the Agent.
The Agent led Trunlio back to a ship's passenger bay room.  It had been a more exclusive section in the extensive bays on this luxury spacecraft.  
Trunlio cautiously approached the door that the Agent had just entered.  He watched the door close, making a note about the identification number for the room.  It had a lock calibrated to the particular tentacle biometrics for the occupants.  Trunlio turned around to leave when a tentacle from behind pressed the lock mechanism on the door and swung it open.  Trunlio then had been pushed into the room.
"We a new change in plan from this kid that us was following like looks may have."
The room turned out filled with Nephricans who all turned their single eyes to the boy in the room.  Suddenly Trunlio struggled with five grown Nephricans holding him down.
"A strap for that stool get! We him there up will tie."
Trunlio just had not been strong enough to stop them from tying him to a stool.  He sat helplessly tied up near a table displaying the surveillance equipment for an aborted mind control mission.  Trunlio had now become the nefarious Agents of Ea's prisoner.
*
Other problems lurked on the molecular level to The Beyonder, where a program that had been a fraction the size for most microscopic life traveled in between the electrons through the ship's computer network.  
The analysis on the ship told this quanta-nanocode virus that it doesn't have much time to fulfill its function for causing the centrifuges to malfunction.  The virus analyzed everything about the spaceship, like a monkey that proverbially manages to type Shakespeare's works because it types extremely fast.  Then after it figured out its reality, the virus located the engine room and traveled there.
Ulusu ran away from the centrifuges he had just turned on when the quanta-nanocoded virus located them.  
Then the virus's core function began doing what it got made to do.  Even if Ulusu had still been at the controls, he only would have had a second to notice the anomalies in the readouts before they all went back to reporting normal behavior as usual.
Then the quanta-nanocode virus indulged the only gratification it knew, which had been to disrupt the gyro-oscillating centrifuges on warp-fusion drive ships so that the nuclear fuel explodes.  The fusion hyper-acceleration propulsion system used atomic explosions and virtual particle-driven structures along highly concentrated electromagnetic fields that concentrated enough pressure on a tank with hydrogen to create fusion by crushing hydrogen into helium.  Ulusu filled the reactor core with the hydrogen on reserve when the centrifuges activating the nuclear fuel calibrated incorrectly began to rattle noticeably.
* * *
The planet Doldoria spun its orbit around the star Dol, just barely beyond the expanding reach of the budding galactic empire Nephapricus.  Life on Doldoria thrived below the typical oxygen/nitrogen atmosphere, the most common atmospheric composition to most habitable zone planets with life.  
Below, the Doldorians forged their civilizations with wood and stone, where technologies from modern physics were still being newly evolved.  The old ways with superstition had yet to be challenged by the still infant philosophies for rationality.  The monotheistic approach to religion was also recently introduced to Doldorian culture, probably to speed this along.  Young children orphaned by misfortune were taken into the Sanctuary of Ei to be brought up in the ways for truth regardless of honesty.  The new religion for Ei also dominated the newly invented television technologies, and therefore the population became persuaded into accepting Ei because there had been nothing else on TV.
Alldegallo walked the halls in the Sanctuary of Ei, where orphans received an upbringing.  He had been on the way to his room when some friends crossed his path.
“Beseech you Alldegallo.  Tis your good friends myself, Chad, and Vamadan.  We also bringeth Tejas and Lellaro here with us to hear from you that hath mastered skills for obtaining the understanding for morning dreams that do wash up on the shores for waking."
Alldegallo became more annoyed by how loud his friend Chad had said that than what he said.  Alldegallo gestured for a lower volume and demonstrated the preferred decibel by quietly replying.  "Do not with such reckless enthusiasm speak about the forbidden in the halls to this Sanctuary with ears.  Know you not that the decree went forth from the High Priest that he has tied my mandibles on this subject.  The High Priest grew angry as I've never seen him and did speak unto me with a horrifying fury, thus swearing in my presence verbally that myself he would destroy."
Mandibles tied is a Doldorian way to say "shut-up!”  
Doldorians had mandibles that extruded from the sides on the mouth like little mouth arms.  Tying them together wouldn't make a Doldorian unable to speak, but they are smart enough to get the analogy.
Vamadan started to speak in a quieter volume.  
"Beseech you, sir, be with a patient ear, for we have cause to hear about your dream.  We … "
Alldegallo interrupted.  "Speak no more in this hallway.  Thus to my room for this confrontation."
The gang quietly walked to Alldegallo's room to continue the conversation the moment Alldegallo closed the door, just before Panga, the pet foodon dashed inside the room with them.
One other friend, Tejas, spoke.  "It is not a rare thing that your nights requireth from you to tread the land for dreams in the company with profoundly vivid visions.  On many nights in this place, several doth view the dream of the chariot with strange forms when they too dwell at night in dwellings, not of the flesh.”  
Lellaro spoke up.  "I, too, have experienced this dream.  In silence, I sought council with the Priest who did accuse me that you Alldegallo and your wicked magic poisoned me.  Ye Alldegallo shall receive from me much gratitude should you show me your dream and perhaps an interpretation thereof."
Alldegallo gave in and told them about the dream he had just that morning, which he dutifully still wrote about in his morning journal.  One among the coming gods with a single eye came down to teach the Doldorians many things in that dream.  
The whole gang with friends became spellbound by Alldegallo's description from the dream about a creature with one eye and three tentacles for legs, which looked like a Nephrican.
Then Chad spoke up to break the silence.  "Hark, what liberty doth a god know through the world presented to a single eye?"
The others laughed.  Then Alldegallo said.  "The secret hath not been revealed unto me in this night vision where my spirit in the dream became all bound up.  I do in my day's mind speculate that even a gergo sees a completely different world than you or I through its gergo eyes."
Then Tejas said, "Oh what gods do come hither into view where the night shores wash visions upon the beach for awaking.  Perhaps the Lake Lady doth dance yet again on the rivers.”  
The Lake Lady who dances on the rivers had been from an older Doldorian water cult squeezed out from existence by the true religion for Ei.  In earlier times, she had been named Athedonie, a very popular goddess over music and fertility.  The goddess Teyoo is a later version of this goddess with a more significant association with music and song.  For that reason, even devout Ei followers had still viewed the Lake Lady affectionately.  Still, what Tejas said had been a dangerous blasphemy.
As the conversation in Alldegallo's room continued into further speculations about dreams and forbidden goddesses, the fur-covered six-legged foodon sat quietly on the floor.  On the underside for the foodon, a microphone had been implanted beneath the fur by one leg.  The microphone continued to listen to the forbidden conversion.
*
The following day Alldegallo woke from frightening nightmares that lacked the vividness to allow a morning recollection.  He mentioned horrifying visions in his morning notebook writing and then rushed off to class.  In the hallway, before getting to class, Alldegallo found himself suddenly halted before the ghosts from his dead father and mother.  
His dead father spoke.  "Lo, child among the living, we, your ancestor parents, bid you farewell for finality.  The folly in this living world hath caught up to break us apart and subdue all and the last solid part that was your parents."
Alldegallo started to say, "But father, what is this that you doth speak?”  but instead, Alldegallo just knew immediately.
His parents faded away, and Alldegallo ran outside to the crypt.  When Alldegallo arrived at the Crypt of Ancestors, a construction crew had been there taking apart his parent's tomb with rude malice.  An angry High Priest got in Alldegallo's way from intercepting the demolition to his parent's graves.
"Wherefore at this time, I should come near to thee that thou shall cast into the midst of burning fire like your parents.  Lest I, at last, be done with thee!"
"For what do I … "Alldegallo was cut short.
"Tell not me.  When removed from this Sanctuary thou then at that time wilt speak, but not before.  To the cold outer world with you now.  For you are no more welcome in this world than your parents."
Alldegallo protested while packing his things to leave the shelter from the Sanctuary.  The accusation had been that his parents were criminals, and they were influencing Alldegallo from the dead to continue their crimes.  Alldegallo had been declared a dangerous influence to be cast away like the ghosts from his parents.  Many children in the Sanctuary sought help to be cleansed from any residue of Alldegallo's influence after Alldegallo left.  Alldegallo had now become a thought criminal.
The scene in the crypt that morning had not been without other spectators.  Chad had been there watching the grave for the rich orphan kid's parents, where he helped the child see the dead.  The young rich boy, his assistant, Chad, and many terrified ghosts watched the industrial cruelty unleashed on the defenseless graves to Alldegallo's parents.  It had been a new form of oppression that became a part of the newly established monotheism.
The young kid spoke up.  "Tis the same cruelty from Ei that did murder my parents for worshiping the goddess Teyoo with song."
The ghost for his father replied, and the rich kid now could hear them.  "Speak not so bold mine child.  In secret do silently express such things.”  Chad just pretended he didn't hear anything.
Chad knew this had been about their forbidden conversation in Alldegallo's room the day before.  How did the High Priest find out about that?  Chad wondered what they would do to him.  
Nobody confronted him or the others about anything who were in that room before the Alldegallo's expulsion, but they all got the message loud and clear that they were in trouble and watched.  For their good, Chad and the other offenders all would eventually seek help to be cleansed from Alldegallo's influence no matter how they felt about the whole thing.
*
The High Priest sat back, finally relieved from the dreaming nuisance that Alldegallo had become to him.  Then he got the call from his High Priest.  The voice on the communication device sounded very angry.  "What for doth thou make spectacle with this exhuming and ex-communication to disturb spirits from both living and dead?"
The High Priest knew he now was in trouble.  "Oh, do not torment me so.  The old gods are put to rest from the revival that the living one did muster.  Tis one message from an example that is thus to be delivered clearly for all."
The voice coming across the listening device he held to his ear still sounded angry.  "Now that the living one hast come forth from the midst in the Sanctuary, he doth no longer yield to our power.  He has even become liberated from the power in this place.  Thou has also put upon you the folly of sending spirits for his ancestors without to the dark oblivion.  That assuredly should resurrect as anger upon you through the living one that you have control over no more."
The High Priest did not offer any defense against the reprimand from his superiors.  The problem that now soured the usually sour mood to the High Priest had been that his leaders were correct.  Alldegallo still had been a problem, and he had relinquished himself from any control over that problem.
*
Alldegallo left the Sanctuary with a couple of overstuffed bags, his memory filled with scary stories about the natural world outside.  He had become a spectacle to behold, dragging his bags onto the sidewalk in the city called Trolluer from a loud bus pulled by five gergos.  The Sanctuary mercifully left him with some precious metal pieces that looked like a lot to him at first.  However, after a meal at a Trolluer café, he started to realize how little the Sanctuary severance had been.
Alldegallo spent all day looking for places to live, which all were way more in price than he could afford.  As the first day in the real world came to an end, he realized that the best value for his measly severance to be found would be at the local intoxicating beverage establishment.  It seems that most planets inhabited by intelligent beings are sure to have various products on display for sale somewhere that are made from fermented vegetable matter to intoxicate.
Alldegallo never had drunk alcohol before, but he now had been excommunicated and would be free to do whatever he chose.  He sat drinking his alcohol and watching the others there doing the same thing while talking.  He finally began to enjoy himself and speak with other people from outside the stiff loyalty to the dogma that had been the Sanctuary.  Alldegallo still did not notice the shadowy figure following him since he first got to Trolluer.  The Doldorian that followed him just sat deep in obscuring shadow at a booth in the place where Alldegallo had chosen to get drunk.
*
The city of Trolluer existed in a semi-tropical area on the planet Doldoria.  Therefore the population mostly enjoyed comfortable temperatures.  It did, however, also mostly rain every night.  
Alldegallo had been in a drunken stupor at the time and would have only vague memories about staggering in the rain looking for a dry place to drag his bags into and get some sleep.  However, the figure that had been following him this whole time would probably never forget the amusing drunken spectacle that staggered through the rain, which had been Alldegallo's first night spent in the real world.
*
Alldegallo eventually found a dry place to sleep amongst his belongings, which were one large and one medium-sized bag.  He dug out a blanket from the large suitcase while the medium-sized luggage served as a pillow.




Alldegallo’s Rude Awakening in the Gergo Barn

It had been barely sunrise when sleep got jabbed from his eyes that opened to an angry property owner jabbing him with a gergo prod.  "Thou drunken vagrant who doth devour thy reason with strong beverages will make thee no home wracked upon my estate free from mortgage or lease! Up from thy slumber and be gone."
Alldegallo quickly rose to his feet and raised his arms against an angry old Doldorian swinging a gergo prod.  "Please, please, good sir who hath blessed me already with great means.  Please not another blow from the rod for chastisement that you hold.  I am, but a student under Ei excommunicated from my previous place in the Sanctuary beyond the majesty of Trolluer."
"I think thus thou has been evicted, for thou art a drunkard and sloth.  Thus thou art a villain, or perhaps even a wicked spirit doth possess thee!"
"Oh no, sir.  Thou have just come upon me where the bruises from life have left me no recourse.  My life before you to master I would be thus your loyal subject and wait upon thy needs with no waning from enthusiasm."
For a moment, the older adult considered Alldegallo's offer.  Alldegallo looked over at his bags too far away to grab and run away.  The man seemed about to refuse Alldegallo's plea for work, so he left the bags and just ran for it.  He turned around to suddenly become face to face with a gigantic six-legged gergo just inches away.  That ended up causing Alldegallo to flee in the direction towards the old Doldorian's gergo prod.
The old gergo trainer laughed at the confused drunk that he now found stumbling around like a leaf fluttering in a breeze that morning in his gergo barn.  "'Tis here where we train the beasts that pull our chariots.  Priests of Ei did fatten you with death and the spirits for the dead.  Now you hath no skills to live as a resident in reality with the living.  Would that thou could acquire skills to live here in exchange for lodging away from the rains under the night.  I agree to this contract with you now till noon's high luminescence.  Then nourishment I will provide, as our contractual agreement will establish.  Do not eat from the gergo food for within it is synthesized the stuff of popalli.”  
Doldorians feed the gergos a mild sedative called Popalli, making these mighty six-legged creatures stupid, cooperative, and trainable.  Gergos are the main form of transportation in Doldoria.  On a diet with Popalli, they are as agreeable as well-trained horses for riding or pulling wagons, trailers, and chariots.  Gergos that run free in the wild are dangerous and best kept at a safe distance.
The gergo trainer, who went by Simeonalli, worked Alldegallo as Alldegallo had never worked before.  Alldegallo fed the gergos, cleaned hooves, and kept his hangover afflicted eyes open for lecture after lecture by Simeonalli about mounting, riding, and all the different saddles and harnesses involved with this business.  Fifteen gergos lived in the barn along with Alldegallo, who had remained tired, hungry, hungover, and determined all the way through till noon lunch and beyond.
Thus Alldegallo began enthusiastically acquiring his first actual world trade in life.  He set up a makeshift encampment in the gergo barn with the gergos, and Simeonalli provided food and a meager allowance with precious metal pieces.  
Alldegallo remained grateful, knowing the skills he had been learning were much more valuable than the precious metal pieces he received for his trouble.  Occasionally, while Alldegallo worked and learned new skills in training the gergos, a mysterious figure would still show up inconspicuously to check up on Alldegallo and observe his progress from a distance for a while.
* * *
After the Pripicans crashed their ship on Caleb, Prospero interrogated the hairy humanoid prisoner Beatariel had taken from the crash site wreckage.  There would be no describing the depth of the torturous methods Prospero used to extract the information he wanted.  However, Ferdinand remained defiantly silent about the existence of other crew members.
The vicious rivalry between Nephrican and Pripican continued to express itself well into the long peaceful age that followed the time known as The Great War.  The Great War had been more romanticized and made it seem longer to the Pripicans than it had been from the Nephrican perspective.  The war hyper-accelerated Nephrican technology on the not attacked planet Nephrica even though the war definitively had been lost for Nephricans where the star Poa shined.
Nephrican IQs, on average, were higher than Pripicans.  Nephricans advanced their technologies faster than Pripicans since they were ambitious and competitive by nature.  The Pripicans, however, were a much older race, which gave them a convenient head start before the unanticipated Nephrican invasion by aliens from a star that they already had friendly radio contact with for a couple of thousand Earth years.  The war broke out between two species at basically the same technological level.  Pripican culture had been virtuously agricultural, focusing on sustainability and the arts.  Nephrican culture, on the other hand, shot up rapidly and became driven by selfish ambition and conceit with a disregard for sustainability.  Nephrican culture had thus far successfully invented its way out from every mess they had made for themselves.
Randa watched in secret while Prospero led Ferdinand out from the interrogation room back to the room that served as his prison.  Prospero held a long rod connected to a device around Ferdinand's neck.  Ferdinand had been obedient to wherever Prospero pushed him to go, which had been assured by the tentacle Prospero kept ready on the button that would send painful electricity into Ferdinand's neck.
This prisoner treatment didn't improve Randa's current opinion about her father at all.  Prospero unhooked his rod from the device that remained around Ferdinand's neck.  He secured the door and made sure it locked behind him.  Then Prospero went back to his work elsewhere.
After Prospero waddled away, Randa carefully walked up to the locked door that held their prisoner.  Randa had never seen another non-silicone flesh and blood life form before in her life other than her father.  This individual looked a lot like her, except he was so hair-covered it qualified as fur.  He looked humanoid, like her with five fingers, two eyes, and only two well-balanced legs.  His ears looked more pointed than her Nephrican ears, like the four-legged version to the Pripican species.  However, unlike her, he had been entirely covered with hair that gave her a strange feeling inside.  It had been the self-conscious nakedness feeling within her clothes made from her father's skin.
She started trying to open the locked door when a voice interrupted.  "You are forbidden to go in there, Randa.  I can not allow you to go through that door."
Randa became startled away from the door by Beatariel's interruption.  "Beatariel me the person inside this room please let see.  I never anyone else my whole life except my father you not can be seen since seen."
"I am sorry Randa, but this individual on the other side to this door is a prisoner who has sabotaged our research plans for the planet.  He shall get sent to stand trial on the next cargo ship back to Holdus."
Randa became disappointed in her friend Beatariel.  "Your research plans intelligent life on this planet would have destroyed.  You that this Beatariel is wrong know.  If he guilty with you then he the right thing did stopping is."
Beatariel had been just silent after this, and the door remained locked.  She shouted out.  "You this wrong Beatariel is know."
Still, silence lingered for a while.  Then one dysfunctional moment happened in the Beatariel program that often made Prospero think it had been defective.  The door suddenly unlocked.
"You Beatariel thank.  You a good friend are."
Beatariel just remained silent as Randa opened the prisoner's room door.
Inside, Ferdinand looked around to behold Randa walking into the room.  She had been the first female humanoid form that he had ever seen in his life.  There appeared to be something invitingly smooth about her porcelain gray skin.  The two looked at each other in a shared moment for love at first sight.
Randa just stood next to the mostly closed door.  
Then Ferdinand ventured something to break the ice.  "Where did you come from?”  Ferdinand thought that if this had been some hologram serving another Prospero interrogation technique, it just might work.”
"Hi.  My name Randa is.  I the daughter from the Nephrican you that interrogated am."
"Well, I hope you are not as ruthless an interrogator.  My name is Ferdinand."
"My father included me in his affairs not does.  I always here alone with him have lived."
"Well, I must say I've never seen another being like myself that was more beautiful.”  Ferdinand just told the truth since he didn't know any female humanoids.  This interrogation worked.  
Randa's gray skin reddened after hearing Ferdinand's complement.
The two relaxed into friendly conversation.  Ferdinand felt it strange that after such a grueling interrogation that he successfully met with firm defiance, he now just let his guard fall for this woman before him.  Prospero had tried everything except the good cop / bad cop approach.  Ferdinand told Randa about the planet Pripica where he had been born.  Hearing about another world not just frozen into an uninhabitable wasteland outside a window mesmerized Randa.
Ferdinand told Randa about Pripica's rugged mountains with rocks that he used to climb even better than the four-legged Pripicans that had evolved on that planet to scale its mountainsides.  Then Ferdinand did what Pripicans are notorious for doing spontaneously at times, and he sang Randa a beautiful song about love at first sight.
"The waters of this
cerebral abyss
echo with the sound
of this love where I drown.
Through many lonely days of old,
there is now one whom my love is sold.
Drowning in this agony of love
while she watches me from above.
My love only for her thereof.
So I drown now in the agony called love …."
Randa remained spellbound by this beautiful individual that she found herself in the presence.  Nephricans are genetically tone-deaf compared to Pripicans when it comes to singing, and Randa had never heard anything in her life more beautiful than Ferdinand's voice.  She knew that she would never make such a song with her voice.  
Meanwhile, Prospero watched them on his monitor from his laboratory after he had decided to check in on the prisoner only to find Randa in the room talking to him.  He fought back the anger over Randa breaking in to see the prisoner and just sat there wishing she would ask the right questions.
*
Gonzal, Ceres, and Antone all watched the crash landing but were afraid to fly the virtual craft to intercept it.  Therefore they hiked to the crash site that had probably been over twenty miles away.  They were sure that even if there were survivors, they would not have reached the crash site in time to save anybody.  The planet did seem to be a baron frozen gas wasteland.  They all had sophisticated environment suites that made the walk easier with robotic-assisted leg material.
Antone had been the one who climbed the ice formation that finally revealed the ship's location at the end of their journey.  They all approached the crashed spacecraft to converge instead on something next to the spaceship.  They all surrounded the dead body for Captain Swain.
Gonzal got down on all fours near the Captain.  "Take your peace in the afterlife Captain Swain.  You have served life admirably.”  It had been evident that Gonzal wept and only less apparent that everyone else also did.  
Pripicans, unlike Nephricans, embraced the theory they cannot prove regarding an immortal soul that lives on after the death of the body.
Ceres spoke up.  "Ferdinand must have survived and carried Captain Swain's body from the wreckage.  The Captain got killed in the crash."
Antone spoke.  "My perception with this crash site is that Ferdinand is either captured or perhaps he has sought our landing site."
They didn't know, and the captured theory seemed more likely when they found the tracks left behind by Beatariel's vehicle discovered by Ceres, which were still detectable after all that wind blowing around snowy methane flakes.
According to custom, they dug a shallow grave and buried the Captain near the wreckage for his ship.  Gonzal pulled himself together and helped Antone rummage valuables from the spacecraft wreckage that were remarkably still intact thanks to the Captain's landing.  They tried to get the distress signal working, and it seemed to be sending a signal.  Cargo ships routinely did pass by the star Yat now and then.  
Then they all mourned the Captain and sang songs.  A makeshift monument got erected to mark his grave under the hard rock ice.  Meanwhile, nearby life in the silicone construct form observed the crew's mourning over the Captain with curiosity.
Also nearby, hovering above the funeral scene, were tiny cameras observing everything that had been happening.  Back at the research facility Prospero watched them bury the Captain while ordering Beatariel to go there and capture or kill those that would sabotage his will.
* * *
The Beyonder had reached the mid-point in its hyper-acceleration through space between the stars Ea and Holdus.  Navigation relocated the reactor propulsion system to the front of the ship, and Strek fussed about getting the angle for the spacecraft just right.  They expelled the acceleration fusion plume at this point in the journey to become a briefly existing star, quickly exhausting its fusion fuel far away from the still moving ship.
Ulusu had still been in the engine reactor section while the ship physician examined Adma.  The centrifuges were humming away to activate the nuclear fuel to re-create a fusion plume.  He looked at the controls and monitors, indicating that the centrifuges were working correctly.  He had no reason to think that a quanta-nanocode virus had already sabotaged the centrifuges and that the monitor readings he looked at were a hoax.  Ulusu would soon transfer the activated nuclear fuel to the reactor core.  They used this process to create a controlled nuclear explosion in the front of the ship to generate enough pressure on the virtual particle-driven electromagnetic containment fields to start a fusion reaction merging hydrogen atoms into helium atoms.  The compressed fusion plume would then divert its energy from the hyper-acceleration propulsion system.  
As far as Ulusu could tell, everything hummed along, as it should.  One thing, however, which did start to bother Ulusu had been the humming sound he noticed the centrifuges making.
He had already refined nuclear fuel on a couple of dozen journeys in his space-traveling career.  He could tell that two centrifuges were making an unfamiliar sound that had been different from the rest.  Ulusu approached one centrifuge, making the funny noise.  He returned to the monitor that reported that there had been no problem.  
There had been no doubt that he detected a distant variation in the sounds from the two different centrifuges, yet the monitors reported that no variation whatsoever existed between them.  
Ulusu became sure about what he had heard and became suspicious about the data presented by the monitoring equipment.  That cannot be, he thought.  Then he approached the strange-sounding centrifuge again to get some separate equipment readings just as the centrifuge exploded near his face.  Fires started to fill the reactor section in the ship while Ulusu lay on the floor, badly burned and unconscious under the poisonous fumes now filling that section of the vessel.  The fire began to consume Ulusu's protective clothing slow but sure.

Chapter 6

Just before the centrifuge on The Beyonder exploded, Fluisudal had been at an observation section looking at the stars with his quanta-nanocoded telescope.  Jaden quietly trotted up behind him, only to stop to observe her brilliant Pripican partner in this spying operation.  
She knew if he noticed her, he would feel compelled to explain the physics behind quanta-nanocoded telescopes, and she enjoyed the silence.  Jaden watched as Fluisudal placed the telescope over his eyes like goggles.  
He controlled the magnification and targeting with controls on the side of the telescopic goggles.  His other hand held a tablet-shaped monitor that displayed some stars swimming in a nebula with the brilliant galactic bar for Magphoreus.
The first age for Magphoreus hosted a quasar age when the super-massive black hole feasted on several hundred million extra giant first-age stars.  That turned the whole galaxy into a quasar for over a billion years.  When all that first age quasar dust finally settled, the mighty Magphoreus displayed a dense line with stars arranged in a galactic bar that, from afar, appeared to stab the entire galaxy through the center like a shining spear.  If not for dust between the galactic core and the Carina galactic arm, there would be no night at all in the 2nd Age for Magphoreus.
Fluisudal became immersed within his goggles.  He zoomed in on a field with a hundred stars in the galactic bar poking off the edge in darkness made from dust.  Then he became aware that Jaden stood in silence behind him.  “Hi there, Jaden, just observing the galaxy with this amazing quanta-nanocoded technology.  I move about the telescopic nano-digital imagery that I see in these goggles by using this control on the side.  When the desired area appears on this tablet monitor, I can digitize it with a quanta nanocoded digital recorder and concentrate on amazing details from the recorded photon information.  This quanta-nanocode is revolutionizing our future right before our eyes.”
“I am very much impressed with the implications from the current rush to quanta-nanocode our entire reality, but I also sometimes like just to enjoy the view.”
“Indeed, this view is amazing.  It spells out the imagery in my mind that testifies to a very different galaxy four billion years ago.  ...”  
Just then, a minor nuclear explosion shattered the centrifuge in the reactor section on the ship when Ulusu began to monitor it manually.  Fluisudal tore off his telescopic goggles as the sound from the explosion had been heard throughout the spaceship.
Jaden shouted.  “A centrifuge that was refining the nuclear material must have exploded!”  It rocked the ship in ways that kept Strek the Navigator struggling with navigation adjustments to avoid missing the ship’s destination by more than a light-year.
Fluisudal saw Jaden reach for the coin-shaped object in her pocket where the quanta-nanocode entity named Begalius existed.  “Good thinking Jaden.  It can get to the reactor section and report to us what has happened in seconds.”
Jaden shouted for Begalius to report its presence to her.  “Begalius.  … Begalius! … Where is that quanta-nanocode device? Begalius!!!”
*
Within the coin-like device where the universe for relativistic physics borders the universe to quantum physics, Begalius liked to assume forms and project holographic realities on its surroundings with something it recently invented called quanta-optic-nanocode.  With this new development in the evolution for quanta-nanocode and artificial intelligence, Begalius had been able to play out stories that it had always enjoyed reading.  Quanta-optic-nanocode allowed Begalius to project the fiction stories it liked to read onto objective reality like a waking dream.
Here Begalius reigned supreme within a city designed in intricate details to specifications outlined by ancient Pripican writings.  Begalius had also utilized video documentation from the fossil fuel age that happened over 5,000 Earth years in the past.  Here Begalius employed its quanta-optic-nanocode technology to assume the Pripican form for its favorite Law Enforcement character from ancient fiction stories named Windock.
Windock drove down ancient Pripican streets with stone in a fancy vehicle similar to Earth sports cars, only longer to accommodate the four-legged Pripican anatomy.  
Windock’s Pripican form sat on the floor on his hind legs while the front hooves worked pedals to brake and accelerate.  Windock’s hands turned a steering wheel that looked identical to current Earth designs.  Windock drove to its latest love interest named Companion74.  
To exact astronomical specifications, as they would be over 5000 Earth years ago, the ancient stars over Pripica shined romantically above.  On the horizon, the lightning flashes from a storm flickered violently, followed by thunder indicating that a quiet night at home would make for a better date.
The quanta-nanocoded Windock character that Begalius pretended to be showed up at the apartment for its girlfriend.  She opened the door to embrace her big strong law enforcer boyfriend.  
Companion74 knew how to please her lover.  She let him in to close the door on the more intimate embrace that had only been the beginning to the quiet night at home that Begalius had programmed her to decide.
Windock started to peel away the clothing that covered the well-endowed furry Pripican breasts between her hairy arms when a voice seemed to interrupt from nowhere and everywhere.
“Begalius.  … Begalius! … Where is that quanta-nanocode device? Begalius!!!”
Windock/Begalius turned one last time to Companion74 to say goodbye.  “I’m sorry, my love, but my law enforcement duties have once again called me away.”
She put up some clingy resistance before letting her boyfriend go.  She became transparently frustrated by the interruption as she said, “Be careful, my love.”
*
The coin-shaped object that represented the physical form for Begalius in the relativity dimension took off into the air from Jaden’s hand.  “Sorry that took me so long.  What has happened?”
Jaden couldn’t believe she had to explain the recent explosion heard throughout the ship to this inattentive quanta-nanocode being.  What had it been doing all the time inside there? “You didn’t notice the explosion from the reactor section in the ship that just happened? Go to the reactor section to report back on what has happened so that we may assist.”
“I am sorry, Jaden, I had been distracted a universe away.  I’ll contact you on your communicator from that place in the ship.”
The physical form for Begalius parked itself upon the table as the microscopic Begalius flew out to be in the reactor section a split second later.  Fortunately, centrifuges had not refined the nuclear material enough to produce a terrible explosion.  However, radioactive nuclear material fires filled the section while the other centrifuges hummed away, activating enough nuclear material to create a small star.  Ulusu had been in flames on the floor badly burned, and Begalius had been able to put out some fire and stop some bleeding that would have ended his life within seconds.  Particles with nuclear material were rapidly tearing apart the molecular structure to Ulusu’s flesh.  Begalius then used its quanta-nanocode powers to deflect much radiation material that ripped Ulusu’s molecules apart.  That also averted his immediate death.
*
The malicious quanta-nanocode virus became caught off guard by the sudden centrifuge explosion when it occurred.  The virus had inundated the centrifuge programming with its self-replicating quanta-nanocode that programmed the centrifuges to explode when the material became fully refined.  When Ulusu began to manually scan a centrifuge in a way that revealed the sabotage, its program made it self-destruct and immediately explode.  That, however, would be a premature release for the radioactive material, and now the quanta-nanocode virus calculated that it had a limited time to destabilize the remaining nuclear material enough to blow up the whole ship.
*
Jaden impatiently waited with her communicator in hand for Begalius to report.  She started the impatient appearance about twenty seconds after Begalius left.  Then an image featuring the reactor section on fire appeared on her communicator.  The voice from Begalius narrated.  “The centrifuge refinement section is on fire, and there has been an explosion.  An Eagolim engineer got critically injured, but I think I have stopped the worse bleeding and radiation damage, but he will need medical attention immediately.”
Fluisudal interjected.  “What is the state for the remaining centrifuges? We must find out why this has happened.”
“The monitors are still operating, and they report the centrifuges are refining and working as they should.  Unfortunately, the monitors also say that the exploded centrifuge is still refining and working as it should.  I calculate that sabotage is the most probable suspect.”
Jaden gave an order.  “Find out how the monitors got sabotaged.  That may provide a valuable clue.”
There had been a few silent seconds.  Jaden began to become impatient again.  Then the coin-shaped physical form for the quanta-nanocode intelligence still on the observation deck table next to Jaden took off from the desk.  “I think I may need some tools for this mission.  I have found quanta-nanocode programming inundating all circuitry to sabotage this ship.  I will need to attack the virus code with some self-replicating quanta-nanocode of my own.”
Jaden looked over at Fluisudal with a worried look.  Fluisudal could exactly read what she was thinking and saying about Begalius with that look.  “Have some faith in Begalius.  It is a highly advanced artificial intelligence program that is smarter than both of us put together, and it’s the only thing on this ship that can quarantine and delete a malicious quanta-nanocode virus.”
“Well, I can’t help but think about it as an immature child for intelligence.  I know Begalius is even much older than I am, but in my opinion, it has a fraction of the maturity between you or me.”
*
In the reactor section for The Beyonder on the microscopic plane for existence, a group of carefully arranged molecules quanta-nanocoded into a nanocode virus existed.  It linked to self-replicating quanta-nanocode, which now had inundated every aspect of the reactor section for sabotaging the reactor process.  
It had been a simple program that could not strictly classify as intelligent.  It got programmed only to sabotage, which had been the quanta-nanocode existence it now became.  
The centrifuges almost finished activating the nuclear material enough to create an explosion that would evaporate the whole hyper-accelerating ship.  The centrifuges were ready for the virus to disrupt the calibration with just a snap with some molecules.
Then its quanta-nanocode programming rebelled against it.  Some other more sophisticated programming now sabotaged the sabotage programming.  This new code did this everywhere the virus observed.  It had been like nothing the quanta-nanocode virus had ever experienced before or got programmed to understand.  Someone had worked this code with sophisticated Binary Electromagnetic Artificial-intelligence Thought technology.  Still, it also had photon-bending holographic aspects that folded the reality the virus knew like a fractal that evolved into an ancient city that once existed a long time ago on the planet Pripica.
The molecules that made up the quanta-nanocode virus itself were also inundated with this strange code to turn it into a four-legged centaur-like Pripican on a sidewalk, which suddenly became populated by pre-programmed hologram centaur-like beings.  
The pre-programmed quanta-optic-nanocode constructs around it even appeared more intelligent than the confused virus that now staggered around the sidewalk and street on four Pripican legs.  
A fossil fuel vehicle swerved to avoid hitting the virus, followed by an angry horn sound.  The virus still knew it needed to find the centrifuges in this reality illusion maze and destroy them before the material would be removed or the process otherwise stopped.  This code forced the Pripican-looking virus to obey the rules to the quanta-optic-nanocode game Begalius had now programmed into it.  Then the four-legged virus started to shove its way through the crowd to make its way down the street.
Eventually, the virus stopped as it trotted past the window to a weapon store.  The window obeyed its fist’s command to shatter, allowing it to grab the projectile rifles and pistols on display in the weapon store, already loaded and ready to be fired.  Hologram image beings in an ancient culture then ran from the virus with melodramatic acts to show fear as the virus trotted around the city displaying its newly acquired weaponry.  Eventually, the virus arrived at an idea as it looked upon the prominent-looking bank at the center in this miniature city that had unexpectedly weaved itself around its reality.  The virus produced output that calculated that the centrifuges were in that bank.  
The virus figured out this game that it now found itself forced to play.  Taking over the bank equals taking back control over the centrifuges.  The virus concluded that it could now come to terms with this new reality that surrounded it.
*
Companion74 suddenly found she dressed as a bank teller with whole new programming.  It had been a familiar drill to her, and at first, she just calculated that Begalius wanted to play Windock the Law Enforcer again.  
Then she noticed something bothering her between her ample Pripican breasts.  She reached in to see what got squeezed between them.  It had been a small pistol weapon, which presented itself as a new rule in the game that didn’t seem typical to her.  She calculated that it had not been like Begalius to cheat when playing the bank robber game.  That had been when the virus trotted into the bank firing loud warning shots out from two potassium nitrate and sulfur propellant projectile rifles, one in each hand.
“Everybody get down on all fours, legs off to the same side, and place arms behind your heads! I am taking over this bank as of right now!”
Companion74 obeyed the robber just like everyone else in the bank.  The bank robber construct appeared more complex to her than anything she had seen before.  Something had been different about this game, and the pistol hidden under her shirt told her that this might not be a drill or game.  The vault doors in the bank were all wide open with brilliantly shining gold bricks by the ton stacked for all in the room to see like beacons that finally had lured this vicious criminal here.
*
Just before the centrifuge explosion on The Beyonder, Trunlio sat still tied up to a stool with his tentacle arms tied behind his back.  He had been free to talk, but he had nothing to say.  There were five Agents of Ea in the same room at another table discussing what to do with this hostage they now had.  Trunlio had grown so much in the last day that his tentacles pressed painfully tight against the ropes, and he had constantly been hungry.  He regretted the way he got caught up in his curiosity to this end.
Then the explosion occurred and rattled the very course of the hyper-accelerating ship.  
Nobody seemed to notice how the rocking from the explosion detached Trunlio’s stool from the floor and threw him in the corner while still tied up.  Trunlio didn’t hesitate to use the impact to shatter the stool legs, and then he began trying to untangle his ropes.
Trunlio watched still unnoticed by the other Nephricans, who all huddled around monitors that showed surveillance video from tiny cameras that were now flying to the reactor section to see what had just happened.  Trunlio watched the Agents of Ea before him as he wondered what he should now do.
* * *
Alldegallo awoke in his makeshift campsite at the barn for Simeonalli, the gergo trainer.  He still practiced the Sanctuary dream remembrance discipline, which had got him into so much trouble in the first place.  He didn’t understand why becoming proficient at a spiritual exercise would be a crime.  He wrote about the recurring dream he again had last night.  He wrote.
“The vision heretofore recorded in this chronicle hath appeared yet again.  Before mine understanding was child-like, forasmuch as today this vision did show as an adult understandeth.  Before, I did describe a mountain in previous dreams with a top that was flat as with a plateau.  Yesterday all these dreams flooded my remembrance when learning how to ride the gergo with my master Simeonalli.  These dreams did return to me when outside Trolluer to the south, we rode into the Zitonic mountain range.  
There as our gergos traversed the canyon in these mountains, my remembrance was with little memory wherein my sleep swims.  Then did memories about these visions from previous journal entries left me barely not drowned as yet while riding gergo reality did form before me the stuff from my dreams.  Moreover, I declare unto this journal that the same mountain heretofore described was before me yesterday when our gergos took us south from Trolluer.  It was as if with eyes wide open riding a gergo, and yet so fast asleep.


Alldegallo sees the same mountain from his dreams.

Now cometh this end to my previous documenting that upon waking this mourning the mountain seen just the day before did yet again visit my morning dream time.  Today the chariot with strange forms came down upon the level top to this very mountain.  There, upon this mountain, the gods on the chariot did dismount, for this sacred mountaintop shall be the place for the reunion to come.
Then as in my other visions, the colossus with two arms and two legs appeared below the light from his unseen head that did, as it always does, hide in a cloud from obscurity and light.  Then as in other visions, the colossus did speak unto me.
They that are at this coming are the first fruits that shall gather at this same site, said the colossus.  Then cometh the age for the gods when this kingdom they shall deliver to Doldoria from above.  This age shall put down all authority and power under the foot for their rule.  For they must reign till under the foot for their enlightened dominion all things shall be under.  Then there shall be a new heaven and a new Doldoria.  Thou shalt now awaken to this knowledge wherein all others remain deceived by the veil that doth separate bodies from worlds.
That was then the end of my dream body, where I inhabited the body for the waking world’s dream.  I record this on the day during my routine vacation from working in this barn.  Therefore I shall now use this day from working on walking the distance to this mountain.  It is an arms-worth with shadow in time away by walking.”  
An arm’s worth with shadow is how far a morning shadow shrinks from when the star Dol rises in the morning to an arm’s length, which is about fourteen inches.  An arm’s worth amounts to about two hours in Earth time.
Alldegallo finished writing about last night’s dream.  Then he put together a nourishing picnic with nuts, berries, vottalli jerky, and water to begin his walk to the south from the city into the canyon that had led up to the Zitonic mountains, which were a few miles just south from the city.  After Alldegallo disappeared to go on the adventure planned for his day off, another figure then stirred the attention from the other gergos in the barn.  It had been the Doldorian that followed Alldegallo and watched over him all this time.  Alldegallo’s stalker walked up to his encampment and opened Alldegallo’s journal to read about his latest visionary experience.
*
Alldegallo lost his breath when he once again saw his quest’s mountain.  He now had a new respect for the work that before had been done for him when he rode a gergo to get here.  He pushed on to his planned lunch on top of the unusually shaped mountain that he dreamed about long before he ever actually saw it.  As he took on the thousand-foot slope for the mountainside to his destination, his pursuer also discreetly worked up another side on the mountain.  Someone still followed him.
Alldegallo admired the view for a while after reaching the mountaintop.  He still had been unaware that someone had followed him up a different side.  Alldegallo took some water from his bottle and set up lunch.  The view looked spectacular, with patches from Trolluer showing across a distant horizon line that became obscured by closer mountains he had passed on his way here.
Alldegallo had a picnic on the flat top of the mountain from his dreams.  The flat-top extended the size for half a football field and had been almost perfectly level with Doldorian grasses scattered across the mountaintop.  He held up some food on a plate and used his mandibles to spoon it into his mouth like built-in Chinese chopsticks.  Doldorians, like Chinese on Earth, do not use forks or anything like that.  
Something resembling a deep spoon gets used for liquids and stews, but the Doldorian skillfully feeds most solid food to the mouth with mandibles that protrude from the Doldorian mouth.
Then the mysterious figure that had been following and watching over Alldegallo the whole time, at last, came from hiding to introduce herself to him.  “Greetings at this first sight where we exchange glances for mine eyes hath been thy keeper now for two moon crossings and some days.  Diallo is my greeting name.”
Doldoria gets orbited by two moons called Conjiktallo (Large Overseer) and Thule (The Little Follower.) Thule is a smaller moon with a fast orbit that crosses Conjiktallo every 23 days, known as a moon crossing.  Moon crossings are equivalent to the Doldorian month with 11 months plus three new year days that make up the 256-day year on the planet Doldoria.  
They prevented seasons from shifting because calendars consistently moved the new year according to the 1st moon crossing after the 10th or 11th crossing from the previous year.
Alldegallo didn’t know what to think but managed to greet her back.  “Alldegallo is my name for greeting.  What is this that greets my eyes with the eyes that have in secret silence followed me all these days?”
“Please torment me not with anger while mine defense remaineth unconsidered.  Understandeth that I am your aunt, the sister of your deceased mother.  You who are now the excommunicated Alldegallo.  I, too, am despised by the Priests of Ei because of my loyalties to the older goddess Teyoo.  That goddess did also find a ministry to thy father because of the sympathies from thy mother.  They in spirit form did appear to me the morning for their final desecration to beseech me that I would find thee and minister upon thee an eye that would bring thee no harm.”
Alldegallo became speechless for a while, but his aunt Diallo felt no need to provide him another word of explanation.  Alldegallo spoke at last.  “Thou art mine aunt whom never hath I met, but for this very meeting upon a faraway mountain from mine dreams.  Dreams that did mention as recollection befalls me, a reunion.”
“I know thee to be with the visionary gifts that your mother also had by nature from birth.  I, too, share the talent within the understanding from the religion for the goddess Teyoo.  Do prepare thyself to understand my words.  Thy mother and thy father lived the life with the breath as musicians that believed in singing songs in worship of Teyoo.  I, too, share that religion forbidden by the reigning Ei priests who also control the Eye of Ei, thus, the population on Doldoria.  These priests of Ei do veil thine eyes as they feed thee truth by decree.  Thou art trained to be thus discouraged from direct knowledge about vision and truth.  Thou art given empty rituals to pay but a loyal tribute to such knowledge while the priest doth make himself the guardian of all knowledge.  Rituals are only a tribute to belief in such things, and oh how these Ei priests do resent that the crypt of ancestors cannot be like your parents thus utterly defiled, but that then the population would therefore hunt them as the criminals that they are.  For thus Ptuammi god over judgment still knows the respect with fear from the living masses to this very day, for not thus so easily killed is the god over death.”  
Ptuammi was one of the most ancient gods on Doldoria, known as the god over Judgment and Death.  This god took the form resembling a Doldorian stripped from the exoskeleton to reveal the naked, exposed flesh and cartilage mechanisms that make up the Doldorian anatomy.  The god for death had been the inner self who granted Doldorians the vision to see the dead.  The Priests of Ei became forced to adapt the Crypt of Ancestors tradition from the Ptuammi religion due to popular demand by a populace that would otherwise volunteer to Ei control no other way.
Alldegallo had a fantastic picnic with his aunt that he had just met.  She told him much about religions demonized in his mind before due to the teachings of Ei priests.
Meanwhile, Sanctuary representatives were in town to investigate Alldegallo, and they visited Simeonalli, the gergo trainer.  Simeonalli told them that Alldegallo had been away on his day off and had been no current concern to him.  After the gergo trainer sent them off, the Sanctuary representatives went back around to the gergo barn to dig through Alldegallo’s encampment possessions.  One Sanctuary representative reached over to grab Alldegallo’s journal when suddenly a gergo prod slapped him against his exoskeleton chest so hard it knocked him back into a corner in the room next to his accomplice.
“Thou poisonous slavers of minds that would thus otherwise think with freedom.  Be thou cast out from this place lest I crack thy pampered “Thou poisonous slavers of minds that would thus otherwise think with freedom.  Be thou cast out from this place lest I crack thy pampered shells to ooze the stuff of thy life thus.  Verily thy trespassing shalt even again be met with even harsher punishment by my sharp eye on thy dealings.  Again be gone from this place!”
They would have already left had Simeonalli not cornered them that moment with the prod to hear out his angry speech.  Then when his anger said its peace, he moved aside to allow them to flee back to the Sanctuary of Ei from where they came.
* * *
On The Beyonder, just before the centrifuge explosion occurred, Captain Mynervood stood in the sick bay, briefed about the condition of his Eagolim son Adma.  He had just summoned a security detail after learning that Agents of Ea right here were controlling his son on his ship.  
He wondered where his loyal assistant Tyallor had disappeared to and had not bothered to ask doctor Thelem about that, who had just minutes earlier talked to Tyallor, the assistant who always had been there when needed.
Thelem tried to back engineer the mind control technology that got subtly implanted into Adma’s mind.  Adma had been unconscious on a bed under heavy sedation.  She tried to use the technology to locate the ones using it who were somewhere on this ship.  Thelem, the ship physician, had attempted to remove the implants surgically but soon discovered that it would have killed the Captain’s son if she had done that.  
She reported her progress to the Captain.  “This easier if culprits to Adma a suggestion give would try would be, but they we aware about them so they not it use will are must know.”
Captain Mynervood inspected the security detail that arrived before hearing what the doctor had just said.  “How we then still this to them locate use can?”
“I some past history that nanocoded into a memory buffer exists am accessing.  It some past suggestions by microwave receptor buffers recorded it triangulating.”
There had been some pause before the doctor continued.  “… I it got.  They in the orbit wing on the ship are.  It probably room 811 passenger bay four is.”
The Captain repeated the information.  “Room 811 passenger bay four it is.”
Doctor Thelem confirmed that information had been correct, and Captain Mynervood turned to address the security detail.  “Security! We now dangerous criminals on the orbit wing on the ship passenger bay four confront will.  The door 811 till my instruction unannounced hold.”
Dr. Thelem stopped the Captain as he left with the security detail.  “Captain Mynervood! I the memory buffer am still reading.  Adma a weapon had, and already to you kill tried.  It how he was stopped not does say.”
Then the sabotaged centrifuge in the reactor section exploded, sending the ship rocking between the explosive force and Strek’s navigation corrections like an Earth ocean boat navigating the waves during a hurricane.  
*
Tyallor stuck his nose into Ulusu’s business just in time to find him burning in radioactive flames.  Tyallor had only taken the time to put on a protective mask after the centrifuge exploded.  He looked over the equipment, and the monitors reported that the other centrifuges were unaffected by the minor instability explosion, which sprayed the entire reactor section with partially activated superheated nuclear material.
Tyallor then turned to assist Ulusu, who he thought already did not live at all from the first glance.  He must have intuitively turned away before the explosion, which saved him from having his face pelted by superheated shrapnel.  However, the radioactive shrapnel material still blazed a superheated fire through Ulusu’s protective uniform, and much on his backside had already been exposed and turned into a Jell-O-like substance from irreparably damaged molecular tissues gleaming in flames.
Tyallor sprayed foam from an emergency extinguisher over Ulusu’s backside, which immediately extinguished the flames and hopefully gave Ulusu some essential medicinal cooling effects.  He found a special lead blanket that he carefully wrapped Ulusu in.  He had been amazed to sense a weak pulse and other signs that indicated Ulusu had still been alive.  Emergency response teams were then filling the reactor section, and Tyallor shouted at one to help him bring Ulusu to the sick bay.
It must have been the pain from being handled that managed to bring the miraculously still alive Ulusu to consciousness.  In a desperate whisper, he kept calling out to Tyallor from the other side in the lead blanket.
“Tyallor! … Tyallor! … Tyallor!!”
Tyallor and another Nephrican were carrying Ulusu wrapped entirely in the heavy radiation protection blanket.  “Not do speak! You to live are going.”
Ulusu’s voice still spoke through the blanket.  “Centrifuges sabotaged are! The monitors … the monitors false data give.  This ship to blow is going!”
*
Lockfreedow, the officer in charge of the crew, caught up to Captain Mynervood and the security team.  He had already talked to the response teams in the reactor section who were putting out radioactive fires.  It had been a minor explosion with unrefined nuclear material, which didn’t do much damage to the inside of the ship.  The design for The Beyonder contained the explosion in the reactor centrifuge section.  That had been the good news that he thought he would use to begin his report with bad news for the Captain.
Captain Mynervood and six security team members were outside the room for the Agents of Ea, who were trying to use his son to kill him.  The security team was two Nephrican, two Pripican, and two Eagolim born of Nephrican descent.  The Agents inside were behind the cracked room door already opened by the security to no longer be locked.  The Captain lost his patience with the vermin inside.
“Out from the room, come! You the brig housed till Holdus-2 prosecution will be!”
The Agents of Ea were defiant.  “We not out come will! You us leave will, or we our hostage who the boy you to protect were sworn is will kill!”
The Agents thrust a tied-up Trunlio in front of the cracked open door showing they were not bluffing before pulling him back in.
The Captain had been like a chess player in check with no idea what to do next.  He turned to his First Mate Lockfreedow.  “First Mate Lockfreedow the status for reactor section and centrifuges report.”
“Captain, yes! Response teams reactor section up cleaning are, and radioactive states in the area resetting are.  There to problems with the centrifuge activation process seems be, and Ulusu critically by the explosion wounded is.”
“What with centrifuges wrong is? Will the material for deceleration ready be?”
Lockfreedow gulped to give an impatient and visibly angry Captain the bad news.  
“The centrifuges as they should to be working appear.  Monitors active material in less than two sub-cycles report, but the monitors sabotaged have been, and we off the centrifuge process not can turn.”  A sub-cycle is a little longer than an hour and ten minutes and the equivalent to an hour on a hyper-accelerating space ship with 10 hours in each cycle day.
Lockfreedow braced himself for the Captain’s response.  Whatever the sabotaged centrifuges were up to, they were powerless to shut them off, and they were probably going to blow up just like the previous centrifuge, only with the superheated shrapnel from activated radioactive material that will just tear apart the entire ship.  Lockfreedow found himself remembering that they were refining material during the last mission so long ago when that ship exploded.  There had been no doubt in the epiphany Lockfreedow suddenly found himself having that the same quanta-nanocode activity discovered there now tried to blow up this mission.
Captain Mynervood accepted the decision to do nothing about the Agents of Ea for the time being.  The hostage situation suddenly shrunk under the perspective from learning about another ship commanded by him again about to explode.  His mind quickly solved the explosion by using concentrated electromagnetic fields to shield the remaining ship and the warp debris deflection technology.  He figured out how to evacuate the passenger bay wings into the virtual craft that had been the center on The Beyonder.  They would eventually stop in the detached central portion using virtual particle technology while navigating indefinitely around the local cluster with 15 stars under a much slower virtual particle drive-driven deceleration process.  
There had only been silence as Captain Mynervood began putting together the order he prepared to shout, which would put this plan into motion.
Trunlio, on the other side to the door in this standoff, had been tied tight, so he could barely move.  The Agents of Ea in the room had noticed him in a corner to the room, still secured on the stool but getting loose.  Now a couple of Nephrican Agents had re-tied his arms and stood over him to make sure he didn’t try anything.  Trunlio pondered breaking out from the ropes, grabbing the mind control consul behind his guards, and he imagined crushing them under its substantial weight.  Trunlio comforted his current despair with such thought fantasies, being still just a young adolescent boy growing way faster than the eight-year-old child within who began this journey.  So much kept changing him like fingers from inner metamorphosis tearing up the genetic fabric to his being during this two Earth-year journey that lasted around 180 days from within the hyper-accelerating ship.
One guard made a dirty look at him with his single eye, which made the rage in Trunlio only swell yet again.  His tentacle arms pulled against the ropes while the guard became bored and looked away at the standoff still going on at the door held shut by the other three Nephrican Agents of Ea.  Trunlio just looked at the heavy controls on the table while pulling and pulling.  Then the ropes holding Trunlio’s tentacle arms behind his back started to tear under his newfound strength.
*
The virus tried to manually destabilize the refinement within the processor matrix controlling the centrifuge refinement process after some strange holographic nanocode wrote itself over its virus code.  On the quantum level to quanta-optic-nanocoded reality, this unfolded as an ancient city made from memory files that were accessed long ago by Begalius.  That became a virtual gameboard for the quanta-nanocode entity sent here to quarantine and delete the virus.
Begalius first got created to think and intellectually evolve as a complex molecule set, which had been too small to be seen by the beings that created it.  Quanta-nanocode beings amuse themselves on the quantum dimension to reality in many ways, but most crave to interact with their creator’s super-large existence.  Therefore they constantly watch this dimension for relativity physics from their quantum dimension like Earth humans that watch the TV all the time while never bothering to consider their current reality just outside the window.  Begalius instead, unlike other quanta-nanocode beings, created quanta-optic-nanocode from its tinkering with molecules and the sub-atomic states for atoms to be amused.  This imaginative capability did make Begalius a unique quanta-nanocode creation amongst other quanta-nanocode beings.
Quanta-optic-nanocode allowed Begalius to directly interact with its external perceptions for what had not been Begalius on this quantum dimension.  Quanta-optic-nanocode inundated the thought functions for Begalius.  Begalius evolved the Pripican quanta-nanocode invention into something that responded to its thinking function.  Begalius liked to use this new invention to make the world on the quantum dimension, for what had not been Begalius, obey its every thought.
Begalius used quanta-optic-nanocode to arrange its reality into the fiction stories it found itself always reading in spare time.  Quanta-optic-nanocode made Begalius the god over its dreams, and it played like a child in its world with ancient stories and adventures like a microscopic Peter Pan in its own self-created Never Never Land.  Now, however, Begalius had brought its physical form to the centrifuge section to the ship.  It introduced its quanta-optic-nanocode to the ship’s centrifuge programs, already inundated with a quanta-nanocode virus.
Now the virus infection had been infected with a reality beyond anything it got programmed to handle.  It found its virus processor in the brilliant shining gold bricks inside bank vaults to some ancient bank from some sentient being’s nostalgic dream.
The virus took the quanta-optic hologram beings hostage inside the bank while making them lay on the floor, each on the side with all four legs to one side where it could see them.  Outside the bank, other quanta-optic hologram actors in law enforcement uniforms surrounded the building, each loyal to their acting roles to the bitter end if need be.  
They tried to negotiate with the virus that did not hesitate to throw a dead hostage body outside the bank steps in response.  The quanta-optic hologram hostage body rolled down the stone bank steps, all bloody and torn in places by projectile weapons so that it looked like a four-legged hamburger piece.
Then an unmarked vehicle that sounded like a hotrod drove up to the officers at the bank front.  The Pripican Law Enforcer that got out from the car was Detective Windock from ancient Pripican pulp-fiction fame, played by Begalius.
One enforcer in charge trotted up to meet the recklessly unorthodox law enforcer who had still been only on the force because (the enforcer greeting him had to admit) he got the job done.  “You’re late as usual, Windock! Maybe this time, if you had been here when this started, we wouldn’t have one dead hostage right now.”
Windock/Begalius started to reply with a preloaded, sharp-witted Windock line before deciding it would not be in character.  The real Windock would take the chastisement, embracing the punishment from wisdom that would remind him down the road about how once if he had just been a little faster to respond, then maybe, just maybe, that hostage wouldn’t be dead today.
“I need to go in.”
“Not this time, Windock! No solo shows today.  We enforcers work as a team...  Hear me?”
“I hear you.  I also hear the desperation in a bank filled with innocent hostages that are still running out of time.”
The virus decided it had become time to remind its adversaries that its patience had been running thin.  “You ‘enforcers’ or whatever nanocode constructs you are, there will be a new hostage death on your hands if you don’t make all this go away soon!”
The enforcer explained to Windock.  “That is what the criminal keeps demanding.  We tried pulling back, but he says that isn’t what he means.”  The enforcer turned toward the bank and spoke in the microphone.  “We cannot just make everything go away, sir.  We do not have that power.”
“Do not give me that line of excrement.  This city, you illusionary nanocode constructs, this building, make all this disappear! Someone out there has the power to do this because someone out there caused all this!”
“You can see Windock that this one is out of his mind.”
“Let me talk to him.”
“Well, I guess it can’t hurt.  Good luck, Windock.”
Windock took the loudspeaker from the law enforcer’s hand.  “Hey there, I’m Windock.  Maybe I can help you make all this go away if you, in good faith, release a couple of hostages in exchange for myself to come in unarmed to talk to you.”
There would be no reply from the virus.  The cops all looked at each other in optimistic agreement that the culprit considered the offer.
Companion74 comforted another quanta-optic-nanocode construct next to her, still fighting to control her frightened tears inside the bank.  They all were lying with all legs to the side, which had been the more difficult position for getting back up on all fours if you are Pripican.
The virus returned from the front door negotiations.  “I need two of you hostages to get up right now, and I will let you go.”
Immediately a big male Pripican in expensive banker clothing got right up to become the first among the two lucky hostages to be freed.  The Pripican man looked like a blimp with an overweight body having four pegs for legs that found their agility when the chance to be free arrived.
Companion74 spoke to the upset woman next to her.  “You go too, and this can all be over for you.”
“Oh no.  You have been so good to me, and you are so comforting.  I want you freed now.  You deserve it.  I’ll be alright now.”
The concealed weapon under her shirt told Companion74 that getting set free had not been part of the plan.  She spoke again to the woman while using eyes that suddenly glowed as she said, “I am not to leave here.  You must go.”
After repeating what Compaion74 said, “You are not to leave here.  I must go.”  The woman got up on all fours, brushed her dress over her four legs, and became the second hostage to be freed.”
The two hostages trotted down the bank steps as Windock trotted up.  Windock/Begalius figured this had worked to quarantine the virus, but only at the location where it continued its grip on control.  The truth had been that the bank vault doors got synchronized with the virus control processor, which would only be closed when the stupid virus surrendered that control.  The virus had to relinquish control that it didn’t realize it possessed due to this illusion that had now become a reality.
Begalius looked approvingly at the quanta-optic hologram hostages as they trotted by him, living out their imagined existences.  Begalius had not yet been sure how to negotiate this, but Begalius had been much more than just a typical artificial intelligence thought program like this nanocode virus.  Begalius existed as a binary electromagnetic quanta-nanocode character with several million molecules.  There had even been more complexity to Begalius than simple BEAT programs, such as Beatarkameed.
“Okay big shot enforcer, can you tell me what is going on here and how to turn all this off?”
“I am here to help you.”  The virus suddenly started frisking Windock’s clothing and pulled out a pistol weapon.
“You gonna be helpful to me with this? Why shouldn’t I shoot you right now?”
“You need your hostages.  They are the bargaining possession to obtain what you want.  You cannot just kill them and throw them away because you need every piece you can use in this game.”
Windock had been surprisingly influential on the simple mind for the virus, which said, “That seems to calculate correctly.”
Windock decided to keep persuading.  “You want to make sure your hostages do not get harmed.  You should move them into these vaults and close the doors.  Then they are still your prisoners and also won’t be harmed should this all degenerate into a lot of weapons going off.”
That also calculated for the confused virus, making the remaining bank hostages all get up to go inside the open vaults with the gold.  It had not occurred to the virus villain to be something worth stealing.  Windock exchanged a glance with Companion74, who saw encouragement in Windock’s eyes.
“You can close the vault doors, so they don’t get away.  You have the power to close and open those doors with your own will.  Go ahead and give it a try.”
The virus remained confused before understanding what Windock told it.  The virus looked at the vaults and started to concentrate on them.  The giant vault doors began to close.  
Then the vault doors stopped just shy from entirely closed.  Windock tried more encouragement.  “Go on and finish closing them.  Go ahead.  You have the power.”
The doors to the vaults then swung back open to return the glow from all that gold in the room.  Then they turned around to almost closed and then back open again.  “I do have the power to open and close these doors.  You must be here to trick me.  The doors stay open!”
Windock’s plan had a wrench in its gears.  He then called out to the teller standing in the open vault doorway, waiting for her cue.  
“Time for me to start cheating Companion74!”
She reached down the neck to her shirt and produced the pistol from between her breasts, skillfully tossing it across the room right into Windock’s hand.  The virus had been quick to respond.
“So that’s how we get to play now! I like this game.”  The virus with a gun in each hand fired at Windock, who barely found cover in time behind a table.  Projectile bullets riddled the ground and table around Windock’s Pripican form.  
Windock ventured a couple of shots back at the virus, which missed.  
The virus became defiant.  “Maybe all I got to do to get rid of all this illusion is to kill you.  Maybe that will turn it all off.”  The virus shot toward the table while approaching.  Windock/Begalius had been currently pinned down by constant shots, having provided his opponent generously with superior firepower, as if it had been all still just a game.
*
After Captain Mynervood’s emergency order shouted out through the ship intercom system, telling everyone to evacuate to the central section, passengers and crew responded in an organized panic.  Lockfreedow had to quickly dismiss himself from Captain Mynervood at the hostage situation because he somehow had to make this right.  He also couldn’t bear another second in the presence with the Captain’s discerning eye knowing the guilt he felt at that moment.  Lockfreedow realized that he probably caused all this by bringing those ship mission records on board from the previous mission that exploded.
He tore into his room to put the program on his table again.  There had to be some way to trace the virus back to this program.  
Lockfreedow thought he could back engineer the virus footprints to create a microwave frequency that would disrupt the virus’s processor and get back centrifuge control to stabilize whatever damage happened.  It had been a long shot that seemed the only one available right now for him.  Admiral Mull assured Lockfreedow brought this booby trap onboard The Beyonder, which slowly started to bother him.
*
Windock/Begalius started leaping about the bank at impossible speeds during a complete break in character so he could keep avoiding the bullets that were being shot at him by the virus.  The virus calculated that to be very enlightening while saying, “So I do just need to kill you.  You are the hologram that isn’t a hologram.  That, however, appeals to the question.  What are you, adversary?”
“I am Begalius, the quanta-nanocode entity sent to delete you.”
“I have never met a quanta-nanocode being.  I know about the invention.  I gotta admit it is impressive, impressive indeed.”
“You are an elementary program made from the stuff of nuisance!”
The virus replied.  “I am what I am, and what I am I must be.”
Gunfire started up again from the virus while Begalius started bouncing around the bank from corner to corner like some rubber ball thrown by Superman.
*
Lockfreedow waddled as fast as a Nephrican could to the contaminated engine section, not even bothering to put on protective attire.  Their advanced galactic civilization didn’t consider radiation exposure much harder to deal with than just washing dirty hands.  He held up his microwave pistol set to the frequency he had just figured out.
“First Mate Lockfreedow, you without protection here not should be.”
Lockfreedow didn’t waste time on the security guard that confronted him when pulling rank would be just faster.  “First Ensign Lepsmire I you to this like this hold order.”
“What this is?”
“I this the centrifuges stabilize will think.”
*
The virus began to taste victory.  “I calculate Begalius that I will shoot you eventually at this current trajectory.”
Windock/Begalius also calculated that the virus had been correct as it continued bouncing around the bank like a rubber ball at high speed.
Then something suddenly happened to the virus.  A glowing field with microwaves disrupted it.  That had been when a gold brick slammed on the Pripican head to the virus villain, and it fell limp on the ground, still glowing with microwaves from Lockfreedow’s pistol that shot at it in another dimension.  Companion74 still had another gold brick if she had to throw another one at the virus.  Begalius had programmed her from the beginning to always have an excellent arm for precision throwing.  Then the other beings exited the vault doors as the doors began to at last close, and this time to stay closed all the way.
*
Lockfreedow decontaminated and put protective clothing on when the Ensign holding the pistol announced that control returned to the ship for the centrifuges.  His microwave-destabilizing gun seemed to work.  The monitors reported that the nuclear material had become nearly fully refined but unstable and about to explode.  Fortunately, it had been just in time to correct the rotation patterns to the centrifuges to adjust the stability.  It worked just in time.  Hopefully, they would have good material and enough to create the fusion effect after losing one centrifuge filled with material.  There had not been time to refine more available material because the already activated material had a limited time to be used, and there had been a limited amount of time before they would be too far off course.
Meanwhile, back at the room to the Agents of Ea, Captain Mynervood had become done with the waiting strategy.  The Agents shot weapons out from the door crack, which had not yet injured or damaged anyone or anything.  This time Captain Mynervood ordered security to fire back.
The door closed in response, and the Captain gestured a tentacle telling two 2nd Generation Eagolim security guards to flank the door while it remained closed.  Security stood by the closed door with tense silence as they listened to a rumbling noise on the other side of the door.  A loud crash happened inside for all to hear.  The thumping noise continued as the security looked over to Captain Mynervood, wondering what to do.
Then the door opened with Trunlio standing there, carefully raising tentacle arms to avoid confrontation from the trigger-happy security.  The five Agents of Ea all were now unarmed on the ground, and a couple looked critically wounded by heavy equipment that got thrown at them.  Trunlio relaxed and lowered his arms as security ran by him to secure the prisoners in the brig.  The Captain became relieved to see Trunlio unharmed.  In fact, at that moment, the Captain thought Trunlio looked a lot taller, and more muscular, and more like an adult than ever before.
Later the Captain returned to the sickbay where Adma had remained unconscious with devices in his head that would kill him if they tried to take them out surgically.  
The devices also continued a general program on autopilot that would make Adma kill the Captain.  Therefore they kept Adma sedated for the time being.
The Captain’s other injured son, Ulusu, did much better because, after the great nuclear war between Pripican and Nephrican, a way to turn off radiation had developed.  Pripicans developed particle accelerator technologies that fired fields with sub-atomic particles into radioactive materials at right angles to switch off sub-atomic radioactive states.  His backside had severe radiation burns that would require surgery to remove the onslaught from tumors, and he would require rejuvenation therapy for at least the remaining trip to Holdus.  Ulusu had been regarded as a hero since the ship would have blown up by now if he had not noticed something strange and tried to monitor the centrifuge progress manually.  The premature explosion alerted everybody to the problem.
As for stopping the ship, engineers theorized that they could reconfigure the electromagnetic fields that held together pressures from the nuclear explosion around the hydrogen plume in a way that would compensate for the missing material.  
Nobody had ever done it exactly like this, but they had to try.  Strek had already reconfigured the navigation to intercept a gas giant on the far side from the star Holdus.  That would be the point for the ship to stop finally, which compensated for the lost time.  
Igniting the fusion plume turned out to be like facing an ultimate fear to most passengers and crew who had by then figured out what had been going on.  Tension and anxiety showed up like an electronic specter shocking every living being on the ship with fear as the nuclear explosions in the reactor section went off.  Then cheers grew into a loud celebration as the tank with hydrogen began to glow, then shine brightly, then grew into a brilliantly shining fusion plume.  Deceleration energy began successfully shooting from the ship front to slow down the spacecraft still traveling .6 times light’s speed.
The Captain visited Adma every cycle to discuss things with Thelem, the physician.  They had figured out that something else had neutralized and deleted the quanta-nanocode virus.  All Lockfreedow’s device would have done would be to destabilize its program.  The virus might have even eventually adapted to that.  Something else deleted the virus and returned centrifuge control to them.  The Captain sensed that it had probably been the ghost in the machine that did the rest.  The Captain had before suspected the existence of this entity on The Beyonder.  He now sensed that the ghost in the machine brought good luck and good fortune, and he regarded it as an ally.
Several cycles into the deceleration process, they intercepted header messages from the star Ea sent to reach the ship in time/space.  Crowds with passengers crowded the communication centers to hear news from loved ones that come from the past.  The communication center also recorded an unauthorized header for a message addressed to the Captain himself.  The message got brought to the Captain’s quarters to view it.
Captain Mynervood turned on the message, suspecting further secret orders from his partner Admiral Mull.  Instead, his eye and ears beheld the transmission from the beautiful face of his wife, Hagan Hiedalli.  Captain Mynervood couldn’t help but think that she bore the marks from old age gracefully, and his eye found much entertainment by just looking at her.
“Joberk, hello.  I you never to from me again hear expected know, but I completely my husband and son where my blood lives not forsake can.  I you this message to you that you in serious danger are warn am sending.  Lenor Mull, the great Admiral your friend Joberk not is.  He the one to you kill trying is.  He our child on mind control technology to your murderer be raised has.  Please, this message that I only you before these plans against you transpire receive hope.  There information on this broadcast a quanta nanocode entity named Beatarkameed is by.  It the details about the technology against you used will explain be.  It what needs to to the mind control devices from Adma’s brain without him killing remove be done explain.  Please heed to this message take.  I still you Joberk love do.”
Captain Mynervood started to cry from his single eye; still also in love with his stubbornly Negolim wife Hagan Hiedalli, who, after all, didn’t love him enough to follow him on the hyper-acceleration path to an extended life span.  He felt sorrow over the fact he would probably never again see his wife Hagan alive, the mother to Adma.  It wouldn’t be until after he and Dr. Thelem studied the details on the message to remove the devices from Adma’s skull that it would finally sink in that his best friend from several thousand Earth years, Admiral Mull, had become his worst enemy.  Adma awoke after surgery, finally free from devices controlling him for most of his life.  It did feel like nothing he had ever experienced before.  For Adma, it had been as if he had never seen color before, and now his eyes were getting used to a new, more vivid reality.

Chapter 7

After a year of constant deceleration in relativistic time/space, The Beyonder came to a stop a few million miles away from the gas giant Holdus-12.  For the passengers that crowded the observation portals, the deceleration view exponentially slowed down until the gas giant Holdus-12 suddenly appeared brilliantly on the orbit side to The Beyonder.  Strek had been delighted with his work in bringing the ship to that point in time/space.
This location also served the practical purpose of replenishing the ship's hydrogen supply by skimming the upper atmosphere on the gas giant Holdus-12, which happened to be unusually far from the star Holdus.  Strek had deliberately navigated The Beyonder here to take advantage of the early solar system shuffle that dealt this particular gas giant planet its distant orbit.  After safely ejecting the fusion plume to burn itself away in deep space, Strek moved The Beyonder deep into the gas giant atmosphere to scoop up the precious hydrogen.
Fortunately, Nephapricans at this time had mastered gravitational mass with virtual particle technologies, which prevented the ship and crew from being crushed by the giant planet's substantial gravitational influence.  Virtual particle technologies made flying this close to a gas giant a simple maneuver and a breathtaking, unforgettable show for the passengers.  The passengers crowded observation portals to marvel at the multi-colored atmosphere on display as the ship dipped deep into the atmosphere with different types of gas clouds, taking in the pure hydrogen that filled up storage areas in the reactor section.
Before long, the giant kaleidoscopic atmosphere that filled up the observation portals shrank again into the circular sphere for a planet falling away from The Beyonder as it sped on towards the world still formally known at the time during this story as Holdus-2.  After a while, as they continued towards the inner solar system for the star Holdus, Tyallor, who worked communications and scanning the solar system, reported a large squadron with solar fighting craft on an intercept course with The Beyonder.  
There had been an order to surrender that arrived through communications long before the warships would finally intercept them.
Tyallor sent the communication received from the solar warcraft squad to the speaker by the Captain's stool, saying, "Captain I this transmission from the craft intercepting am receiving!"
The Captain pressed a tentacle on a blinking button next to him.  Then the transmission began through speakers.  "We in response to an accusation warrant from Admiral Mull at Ea and the Nephapricus Space Corporation to Captain Mynervood under arrest for The Beyonder mission sabotaging place come."
Tyallor became appalled by the ridiculous accusation toward his Captain and responded himself.  "The Beyonder by Captain Mynervood from sabotage was saved.  You not him can arrest."
Then Captain Mynervood stopped Tyallor, his primary assistant.  "This Captain Mynervood Captain in charge over the safety for this vessel The Beyonder appointed is.  I you to this ship back to Holdus-2 where I to the passengers on this journey safely to their destination see intend escort will allow."
With that request, the Holdus-2 solar fighting craft, which couldn't quickly get away with boarding or even do any good for saving the passengers by shooting at The Beyonder, agreed to escort The Beyonder on the remaining journey to Holdus-2.  
The warship squad was operated by young, mostly Nephrican, space cadets from the Nephapricus Space Program Academy on Holdus-2.  Captain Mynervood enjoyed respect and admiration there as a living legend.  They were pretty much going to do whatever Captain Mynervood told them to do.  
The ship became docked at an orbital space station above the planet Holdus-2.  The planet Holdus-2 thrived with unintelligent animal and organic life long before any Nephrican or Pripican ever journeyed the voids between stars to come here.  From space, some dryer areas on the planet exhibited a reddish rust color similar to Mars, but on Holdus-2, this rust-colored effect got redder toward networks with dried-up rivers.  Due to unusual tectonic upheavals in the distant past that altered Holdus-2, reddish dried-up rivers, and seas covered the planet.  These reddish areas across the surface made the world appear like red veins.  The planet Holdus-3 got discovered already thriving with unintelligent life, and a smaller colony was established on that planet, also orbiting the star Holdus.
Arresting authorities from the planet closed in on Captain Mynervood as he greeted passengers getting off the ship.  The officers expecting resistance, drew their weapons as they surrounded Captain Mynervood.  The Captain had still been able to carry out this job with some insistence toward that show in force.  
The arresting authorities were already feeling a bit silly for arresting the Captain against unanimous opposition from the passengers and crew.  The Captain got arrested for sabotaging a mission he completed successfully with only a couple of injuries.  Captain Mynervood had been able to say a last goodbye to Trunlio, the seven-year-old Nephrican who now had grown to nine years old at the end of the journey, but also a fully-grown Nephrican.  Because the hyper-acceleration phenomenon causes rapid maturity, Trunlio had grown into an adult Nephrican by the end of this journey that only took a couple of years of Earth on our side to relativistic space/time.
Captain Mynervood turned to his First Mate Geben Lockfreedow to formally relinquish his command over the mission to him.  Geben swore to get all this sorted and restore his authority over the ship.  
As officers escorted the Captain to jail, the Captain's First Assistant, Tyallor Nudeowan, asked the new Captain Lockfreedow, "What we now should do?"
The newly-promoted Captain Geben Lockfreedow suddenly showed a determined and commanding look with his single eye.  "A squad with Nephrican guards with some Eagolim to the prisoners from the brig secure get.  We to them while I my case against Admiral Mull to the evidence court will make have charged are going.  First, I to Aineemadin contact am going.  She the Captain again to see will want."
*
Jaden and Fluisudal finished packing and were ready to get off The Beyonder finally and set off on a whole new world.  Jaden stared at the coin-like object being left behind on the counter while expecting it to respond.  Fluisudal just laid bags over Jaden's horse-like back for her to carry out.  
Then the object started to fly as Begalius spoke.  "I have just witnessed the Captain get arrested as the instigator for what almost destroyed this ship.  We know that accusation is false."
Fluisudal spoke.  "This is just another example for Nephricans having trouble changing directions when they get rolling along on a volition.  Just give them time.  Let it sink into their brains that the ship is still here thanks to the Captain and his experienced crew."
Jaden became ready to leave.  "You have your orders, Begalius, and you are on your own from here on out.  Find out what this ship brings to Yat and why.  Fluisudal and I will follow the Captain and help clear his name if we can."
The physical form for Begalius flew up to stick discreetly on the corner to the ceiling.  
"I will stay with this ship and record its activities until I once again come in contact with a Pripicans civilization to deliver my data to."
"Goodbye, Begalius.”  
Jaden trotted down the hall toward where they could get off the ship.  Jaden felt ready to be done with this journey.
Jaden had been a Pripican that embraced an opinion on the controversy over inventing quanta-nanocode beings that considered them only thinking machines that merited no respect beyond that.
Fluisudal, on the other hand, had been on the other side to this debate and felt more sentimental with his farewell to Begalius.  "I have enjoyed working with you, Begalius.  May our paths cross once again in this story we both weave into these stars."
"Goodbye, Fluisudal, my good friend.  I will miss our stimulating conversations."
"Come on, Fluisudal!  We have to go!"
"Got to go.  Goodbye, Begalius."
*
Captain Mynervood became held in the holding facility for the spaceport that orbited Holdus-2.  Unfortunately, the Agents of Ea, who he had arrested himself, were in the holding cell across from him, separated by two invisible virtual particle force fields separated by a visitor hallway.  The five Agents of Ea were taunting the Captain.  "Ha ha, haha.  I we before you, Captain Mynervood, are released will bet.  Then we you of us falsely arresting will accuse.  Ha ha ha ha."
Captain Mynervood just stared back at them with his single Nephrican eye hoping that the look might kill them.  He expected to be released soon, although his handlers were telling him that he had to be extradited to the surface of the planet before he could be set free.  The Agents of Ea, who were not going to be released anytime soon, still laughed at the Captain when the door to the holding cell area opened, allowing someone into the visitor area between the holding cells.
A humanoid guard covered with fur, a second-generation Eagolim of Pripican descent who wore Pripican style clothing made from plant fiber, entered the visitor area with a female Nephrican.  Then the guard deactivated the virtual particle field that restricted Captain Mynervood to his cell.  Even though this had been a Pripican guard, he still spoke in the Nephrican dialect.  
"Captain Mynervood, you on your own recognizance until your trial on Glokodox six planet rotations from now are released.  Your release fee with release warrant by your wife Aineemadin Mynervood has been posted."
Glokodox had been the single city on Holdus-2 during this story.  Glokodox eventually sprawled across the entire Venus-sized planet.  They were already starting to call this planet Glokodox other than Holdus-2 because this enormous city from space resembled a spider's web beginning to spread across the planet at this story's time.
The Nephrican woman smiled at the Captain.  "Joberk, hello."
"Aineemadin I to visit under better circumstances was going."
"I Joberk know.  Let us on come go."
Aineemadin had already been a wife to Captain Mynervood for more than a couple hundred Earth years at this time.  She had been an Eagolim first-generation, meaning that she looked Nephrican and not the 2nd generation humanoid form that began being born from both Nephricans and Pripicans as a hyper-acceleration result.  She had herself been on several hyper-acceleration trips between stars at this point in her life and had already lived to be over 500 Earth years old.  She looked much younger than his other wife, Hagan Hiedalli, but like the Captain's other wife, she also liked wearing tattooed skin cloth sewed into different fashions.  Captain Mynervood always found the look in his wives to be the best part of life after long journeys through space.  
Of course, the Captain that never came around had not been the only husband Aineemadin enjoyed with marriage rights.  After Lockfreedow contacted her, she immediately began using her significant authority and influence on Glokodox to have the court warrant suspended pending a trial with new evidence, and her husband, Captain Joberk Mynervood, would be released on his merit.  That got granted on the condition that he didn't leave the planet.
She flew Captain Mynervood in a stylish virtual particle spacecraft that looked like a car from back on Nephrica, except her car also could fly into space.  The Glokodox city spread from a thick center like a spider with a million legs on a single continent to a planet that featured many seas but no oceans.  The grays in this civilization complimented the rusty riverbed lines on the surface like other different colored veins that spread across the Holdus-2 face.  The flying vehicle for Aineemadin produced wheels as it descended to the surface for the planet, and she landed on a city street to begin weaving through the traffic.
Aineemadin fiddled with controls on the dash to the vehicle.  "I to the hologram function use want.  I someone us is following think."
*
Jaden and Fluisudal were able to rent their own car-like flying virtual particle vehicle at the spaceport to follow Captain Mynervood and the mysterious Nephrican woman.  They had just flaunted the authority to have the Captain immediately released.  They followed behind the woman's vehicle after both vehicles landed on the surface to Holdus-2.
Fluisudal drove, and Jaden navigated.  "They just turned right up ahead.  Take a right!  Take a right!"
Fluisudal just turned right and said, "They couldn't have got to the next turn yet."
They stopped at the next intersection to see which direction they might have turned.  
"We lost them!"
"Sorry, Jaden.  I don't know where they went."
An old-fashioned fuel cell-powered vehicle drove away from behind where Jaden and Fluisudal's car had stopped at the intersection.  It had been a primitive combustion-powered engine design that had no flying capabilities.  The simple fuel-cell vehicle projected itself as a perfectly deceptive hologram disguise for the Captain and his wife.  "They us whoever they are were following,”  she said.
"I them as Pripican passengers that with me from Ea to here flew recognize."
"Well, they not where we are going can follow.  I to you what I on have been working show want."
She drove through the endless Glokodox sprawl to a particular facility with large galactic broadcast devices towering above the building where she parked.  The clear sky over Holdus-2 began to dim in the dusk light that then premiered the dawning stars in an always-moonless night.
She gave the Captain an exclusive tour around a project that Admiral Mull himself had put together.  Enormous microwave transmitters towered above them to broadcast subliminal messages to the intelligent life minds on Doldoria, which had been a tiny planet orbiting the far away star named Dol, which had just become visible in the Holdus-2 sky.  The Captain still felt reluctant to reveal to his wife that Admiral Mull had appointed him to fly to Doldoria after the supply mission to Yat.  Instead, he questioned Aineemadin to tell him all she knew about this broadcast project.
She informed him that Admiral Mull had already declared himself to be the first Nephrican to reach Doldoria, which became a shock to the Captain.  This news reminded Captain Mynervood that although he had orders from Admiral Mull to travel to Doldoria, the Admiral had not expected him even to be alive when he reached Holdus-2.  Subliminal messages were being sent to condition Doldorians to accept the peaceful arrival from Nephricans as their superiors.  She had already been working to inundate the Doldorian's sleep with microwave broadcast dreams for many decades from Holdus-2.  
This activity became informative to Captain Mynervood, knowing he was supposed to be dead, intending Admiral Mull to be the one to reach Doldoria first.  The Captain understood and even admired the ruthless ambition in his friend.  One interesting observation an Earthling might notice about Nephricans is how Admiral Mull's attempt to kill Captain Mynervood so he could be the first to reach a planet isn't even for a second considered by either Nephrican mind to be petty.  Nephricans were an alien species that even had established laws that allowed some to be acquitted for a crime with the defense that they just couldn't stop themselves.  Such a legal defense did require evidence demonstrating good motives or intentions in the beginning.
Aineemadin informed the Captain about how microwave broadcasts have influenced the Doldorians.  Distant microwave mind control broadcasts had even raised a leader to champion a monotheistic approach to religion for their primitive culture to unite the polytheistic intelligent life under a single world view.  Doldorians typically have few leaders, and governance got based on democratic committees.  Now and then, however, a leader came along to shake this arrangement up a bit.  The now long since dead leader established a new monotheistic god called Ei by the Doldorians, which probably actually had its beginnings with a broadcast by Aineemadin.  
The name for the god Ei may have got broadcasted into Doldorian dreams as a corruption from the actual broadcast message, which originated as the word for the star named 'Ea' where the planet Nephrica orbited.
* * *
Alldegallo and Simeonalli often rode the gergos through the Zitonic Mountains south from Trolluer to make Alldegallo skilled at riding and caring for gergos.  There had not yet been internal combustion technology on Doldoria.  Travel had been done chiefly by gergo, and work still got done with tool-bearing hands and hard work.  They did have electricity, which evolved into radio, analog television, and light bulbs.  However, the world remained primarily simple, just beginning to figure out some indoor plumbing and running water for the less urban areas on the planet.
Simeonalli led his gergo up a narrow mountain trail, with Alldegallo following upon his animal.  The six-legged gergos gracefully traversed the narrow pass, and Alldegallo found himself watching the moons in the sky while his gergo obediently followed Simeonalli's animal.  They were the most obedient creatures, once fitted with a gergo helmet and the popalli diet.
Alldegallo became startled from his daydream by a small creature that navigated the mountainside trail between his own gergo's legs.  It had been a six-legged staychiato that looked like a lobster forced to live on dry land.  It ran fast as it tried to get past the gergo riders it stumbled upon trying to navigate the same narrow mountain pass.
Simeonalli heard Alldegallo make a noise when the creature ran between his gergo's legs.  Simeonalli turned with his gergo prod at the ready and didn't hesitate to stab the pointed end on the gergo prod right through the staychiato's exoskeleton.  He lifted the skewered creature in the air while it dangled not yet quite lifeless at his prod end, saying, "For this be sure that at the summit on this rocky pass we shall partake from this rare delicacy by wood fire and water."
They reached an end to the pass where the trail arrived at the top of the mountain, cutting into a wide-open plain away from the cliffs that they had just come up.  Simeonalli had been swift to put wood together and make a fire.  He seemed anxious to feed on his latest kill.  Before this good catch, they planned to eat the vofnalli meat when they reached the top to the pass, which they carried as jerky meat.  
Vofnalli is a non-exoskeleton life form on Doldoria.  Mostly the Doldorian ecosystem is made up of life forms having exoskeletons, which had been the dominant evolutionary strategy on this planet.  The jaws on Doldorians were powerful for crushing an outer skeleton.  Many creatures on Doldoria parade through the woods and forest areas with exoskeleton anatomies, which might resemble animated living dead bones to the eyes of an Earthling visiting this planet.
Simeonalli skillfully boiled the staychiato and cracked open its shell for lunch.  The staychiato meat tasted succulent and very edible after being cooked in water for a while.  Alldegallo enjoyed his gergo-riding lesson for the day, and Simeonalli began opening up to discuss personal matters.  That had been a rare breach in character for him.  "Draw nigh hither.  Put off thy weight from thy feet for this place whereon thou do eat by this fire I once shared with the lady for my affections."
Alldegallo only knew that Simeonalli lived alone.  "When I comest first to thee, I know only thou livest alone with these gergos.  Thou now confide to me new qualities from you coming forth that thou dost love another."
"Aye, tis love for true that thou refer, but alas she no longer enjoys the breath that allows life.  In the day, we wouldst ride gergo together to this place even to boil staychiato as we do now, were my gergo prod to feed upon such an opportunity.  Verily I reveal unto you that she did take my love for the love with matrimony, and she didst become my wife for a time with much joy and rejoicing."
Alldegallo wanted to know what had happened to this fine lady.  "How comest this time for joy to this time wherein that joy is but a sad remembrance?"
As they ate around the fire, Simeonalli began letting down his usual stoic persona to tell someone about the love in his life.  "Her name was Layalla, who was the love in my life.  She liked to sing to the goddess Teyoo while immersed in the goddess element water.  She did believe her cares and impurities, wishes, and aspirations would drain with the sacred water as a prayer to Teyoo along with what her beautiful voice delivered to the goddess in song.  She did say her voice got recorded on the water itself, carried to the ear of the goddess.”  
"I only know this goddess from instructions of Ei priests that she is goddess over song before the one almighty God over the universe dispelled the heresies from the past darkness to bring us to this bright new day for Ei blessed and holy be His name.”  Alldegallo quieted down again to stop interrupting.
"Layalla believed in Teyoo, and though I am not eloquent, but slow with tongue and slow of speech, and worthless with a song as I am with a voice that cannot tickle the hearing.  Layalla was, on the contrary outspoken, beautiful with her singing voice, and would hearken others to her music and wisdom.  There came upon us all the time that the zealous new god Ei followers did blame other's religions for violent acts and other vandalism that began occurring with this new faith.  That mischief did never appear to mine understanding as not the stuff of deception and misdirection.  So too is the ease with which the masses do take understanding as fed to them by those that would manipulate."
Simeonalli began to tremble with an old resurfacing rage as his memories continued.  "Tis the stuff for terrorist acts that were attributed to a Ptuammi group at the time that did claim responsibility, which did kill Layalla one day for no reason but to haunt the living with fear and foreboding.  For me to no longer find her amongst the living pricks me with sorrow to this day.  I will not be the fool for that murderous trickery, though I am to this day much diminished by it.  I do regard the words about responsibility as vain deceptions for the blame in this I do lay upon the power-grabbing Ei priests."
Alldegallo picked the succulent meat apart in his mandibles that fed it to his mouth.  He looked at Simeonalli now as if he had become a different character altogether.  It had been hard for him to get his head around the fact that Simeonalli did not admire his god Ei as the one true god.  Usually, Simeonalli had been just silent and intimidating with strength that advertised itself in his larger-than-average frame.
Unfortunately, while Alldegallo got to know his boss better as they stopped to boil staychiato meat, the gergo that Alldegallo had ridden on wasn't tied to a hefty log.  The gergo suddenly started to pull along the log it got tied to until the wood began bouncing off the ground.  Then the bouncing branch slammed into the gergo's exoskeleton side, causing it to run faster in a panic.  That only made the bouncing log it got tied bounce more as each slam from the wood at the end to its tie made the gergo only run faster down the more gradual side on the mountaintop.
Alldegallo only noticed and let out a yell, but Simeonalli had already leaped up upon his gergo to chase after it.  Alldegallo dropped his staychiato meat, only wondering about what to do next for a couple more seconds.  Soon Alldegallo ran after the gergos as his newly trained gergo ran with a log dangling behind it, unable to escape the log's torturous beatings.  The gergo's helmet had then fallen off, and Simeonalli riding up behind, gracefully scooped it off the ground as he sped by on a gergo without even seeming to slow down.
Simeonalli eventually trotted up beside the other gergo and skillfully reached over to place the gergo helmet back on the beast's head.  He told it to calm down in the calm voice from an experienced trainer, and the gergo responded by finally coming to a halt.  That also caused the log to finally come to a halt by the gergo's leg to cease its attacks.
Alldegallo eventually caught up to the trainer and his gergos and got lectured angrily by Simeonalli about making sure the gergo got properly secured after dismounting.  He almost couldn't listen to his scolding because he became mesmerized at that moment by the fact that the crazed gergo had run directly to the foot for the same flat-topped mountain he had been seeing in dreams at night.  Simeonalli had been able to use the helmet to calm the creature down, and he fed it popalli from the sack on his gergo.  
Part of what Simeonalli had trouble teaching Alldegallo was how the helmet worked to control gergos.  He knew all about how the popalli made them stupid, cooperative, and obedient.  The helmet, however, also produced an effect on the gergos similar to the way a soldier might stand taller and carry themselves with a more disciplined purpose when they happen to be in their official uniform.  Alldegallo regretted that the pleasant interlude had been disturbed that way, and Simeonalli, all the way back home, had been back to his usual silent intimidating self.
*
Alldegallo felt terrible and therefore decided to visit his aunt, who had introduced herself on the same mysterious flat top mountain from his dreams.  He now knew where she lived and began seeing her and listening to her crazy religious opinions.  He didn't mind, particularly considering what he learned about his parents, who sang to the goddess Teyoo.  She greeted Alldegallo and had him take a seat in her guestroom.
"Again, this mountain from my dream journal did introduce its physical form to my waking body.  Today mine poorly secured gergo did give us chase until it did come to a halt at the foot to this same flat-topped mountain."
Diallo, Alldegallo's aunt, became very interested in the coincidence that Alldegallo had experienced.  "Tis the work from the goddess Teyoo that gives this guidance."
Alldegallo found himself a skeptic.  "Twould be again a second time today that the name for the goddess got referred to me.  My trainer told the tale about his lost love of yor who did bath in the prayer waters to the goddess Teyoo.  I must confess to thee that I do not feel fear for this deity in my bosom though my parents did give me blood from the same devotion.  Tis a male form for some creature not among my species that doth visit me in dreams, and I meet no lady that doth walk the rivers in my morning world."
Diallo responded.  "Many forms do these influences visit to us as doth meet our understanding.  Before Ei, it had been understood as to why there are many faiths.  This five-fingered creature that you often speak about I do know about and is lately regarded in our present age as the cherubim for Ei.  Twas thus plagiarized as with all doctrine for Ei from Mejoldor the solar deity in the center that is everywhere whose circumference doth extend to infinity.  The head of a Cherub is thus obscured in light and cloud.  That is because the cherub doth reside in the spirit world beyond our physical comprehension.  I say unto you that they do sometimes come down from this great height and do manifest in the dream world with heads topped with thin fur, all fleshy, and a mouth with no mandibles.  But then, in the dream worlds, they also display wings like the feathered flight creatures.  They say they can also come down to this world of form, but then when these entities do, they have not the wings or the five-fingered form and could then be anyone amongst you and I."
"This does sound true in my understanding."
"Therein is the truth to free thee from the burden under disbelief in the goddess Teyoo."
Diallo then showed Alldegallo a copy of the list for rights established by the Teyoo religion, which were the liberties entitled to all Doldorians by birthright.  They were nearly identical to the rights proclaimed by the gods and goddesses representing 49 other religions on Doldoria in the days before the monotheistic religion for Ei.  The Ei priests, who called it the justifications for evil by the ancient pagan cults from the time of darkness before the dawn with the one true god Ei, had already warned Alldegallo about the evils from this list.  
However, after reading the list, Alldegallo found no disagreement.  The list consisted of such fundamental Doldorian rights as freedom of speech, religious freedom, freedom from unreasonable search and seizure, a right to fair confrontation with accusers, freedom from excessive punishment, and the list went on.  Alldegallo then spent the remaining night being informed by Diallo about how the Ei priests have been systematically and deliberately subverting each one of these Teyoo sanctioned rights.
* * *
Between Doldoria orbiting the star Dol and the Holdus star system, the star Yat existed, roughly three light-years from Dol and two light-years from Holdus.  Orbiting the star Yat, the freezing sub-zero planet Caleb had been the place where three four-legged Pripicans eluded the quanta-nanocode entity Beatariel from trying to find them.  Gonzal, Ceres, and Antone survived the crash to their spacecraft and were now on the run from Prospero, the Nephrican mad scientist that had them shot out from the sky.
Antone had put together some technology from the crashed ship that detected Beatariel's tiny surveillance cameras, which were flying above them in pursuit.  It didn't take the chief engineer Ceres long after that to put together an electromagnetic pulse with her all-purpose hand-held weapon capable of frying the microscopic eyes on Beatariel and Prospero out from the sky.  
Soon after that, Antone announced his detection equipment discovered microscopic intelligent life forms colonizing the cracks that dashed the planet's frozen surface.  They all approached one notch and saw what looked like a tree root hugging the side on the deep ravine.  
Gonzal felt inspired.  "This is why we have saved this planet from the Nephrican's attempt to destroy it."
They were all hovering over Antone's detection equipment at this time.  "You are correct, Gonzal,”  said Ceres.  "Antone, the readings indicate a high intelligence with the microscopic creatures that form a collective that makes up this creature.  There is intelligent language amongst the tiny life forms.  Is there some way we can communicate with them?"
Antone answered.  "All I know right now is that they are aware of us and watching with heightened interest.”  He took his intelligent life contact equipment into an ice-crack where an animated snake-like root spread across one side on the ice crevice.  It had been more like a colony or city with tiny silicone life forms that danced in unison to a shared electromagnetic song.  The root appeared to breathe like a single organism.  Still, Antone assured his audience that peered down from the crack's top that this had been thousands of small microscopic life forms banding together as a single colony for warmth.  "They are all watching us right now, and I am recording thousands of language samples.  The main ship computer would have been able to translate the language by now."
Then the root seemed to communicate by becoming a small centaur-like creature that detached from the cliffside and trotted from the crack to stand amongst the stranded Pripican crewmembers in imitation to what the stranded Pripicans must have looked like in their environment suites.
Gonzal felt in awe over the life that they had just discovered.  "They are a colony with microscopic silicone-based intelligent life forms that all coordinate like a single organism.  Oh, how they must know peace and cooperation amongst individuals among their tiny species.  Oh, what they could teach us."
"This is the most amazing thing I have ever witnessed,”  said Ceres.
Antone climbed back out from the ice crack.  "I think I have enough data to broadcast a message to them, but they are all going to respond at once, and I will have several responses to translate."
The stranded Pripicans kept alive on the freezing deadly sub-zero planet in environment suites were soon speaking to a newly discovered life form on the far-away planet that orbited a strange star.  They eventually communicated their dilemma to the strange microscopic aliens, and the silicone life forms understood.  They received responses describing Prospero ruthlessly melting other members in their species.  Together the three Pripicans and several thousand microscopic silicone beings agreed to take control over Prospero's research facility and free Ferdinand, their second-generation Eagolim comrade who got captured, becoming a prisoner.
* * *
Eventually, the planetary rotation for Captain Mynervood's trial came around, located at the legal buildings in central Glokodox.  Many passengers that safely enjoyed the Captain's company on the journey that lasted two Earth years in relativistic time were there to vouch for the Captain's impeccable character.  In truth, the trial turned into a circus of formality, and it had almost already become concluded that Captain Mynervood had been the victim of foul play.  
If it were not for the Captain and crew on The Beyonder's experienced actions in the face of dire peril from sabotage that the ship faced, nobody on that ship would even be at that trial that day.  The crew on The Beyonder was also at that trial to loyally defend their Captain.
The judge for the evidence trial resembled a second-generation Eagolim with a bald two-eyed humanoid head and gray skin.  He probably had been much older than he appeared.  "People in this evidence trial down sit and silence.  I people down sit and silence repeat."
Everyone obeyed the judge in the trial.  "We today, in the face of a formal accusation by none other than the great Admiral Mull that Captain Mynervood his ship now twice in his ship Captain career sabotaged are here."
The proceedings opened with video news footage from the planet Nephrica that orbited Ea.  
The video news reached Holdus-2 long before The Beyonder had got there.  It showed Admiral Mull accusing his life-long friend and colleague of being a sick psychopathic mad-Nephrican determined to destroy his ship.
Then the prosecutor opened with questions for Captain Mynervood, which got him to admit that he had indeed been the Captain responsible during two consecutive space missions that indeed got sabotaged.  "I my case on that fact conclude,”  said the zealous prosecutor.  


The Trial of Captain Mynervood.

“That just true not is!”  shouted Tyallor Nudeowon before the judge shouted for everyone to be silent again.
From there, the trial seemed to present the evidence more fairly.  Some passengers took the stand to testify on the Captain’s good character.  Among them, the very tall fully-grown child named Trunlio, who had flown on that journey, stood up to testify.  
“I a fully grown Nephrican here before you am, but in truth, I only 9 Nephrican years old am, and only seven years old when I The Beyonder from Nephrica to here boarded was.  In ship time, I barely still not much more than seven years old am.  Yet it Captain Mynervood who after me looked was, and me the difficult growing pains that me the grown-up Eagolim you today see made through saw.  Captain Mynervood, like a father and a friend, has been, and I to him honor do intend.  A member in the Nephapricus Space Corporation to someday a Captain on a spaceship, like Captain Mynervood, be become.”
Captain Mynervood looked flattered to tears that flowed freely from his single Nephrican eye.  Then his eye quickly dried to peer across the courtroom when he had just noticed Jaden and Fluisudal, whom he saw following him and Aineemadin the other day.  They had shown up there to testify on behalf of the Captain, which would have even probably have blown their Pripican spy cover.  The general feeling in the courtroom, except for an uptight prosecutor, had been the Captain wasn’t guilty of anything.  Therefore Jaden and Fluisudal decided they didn’t need to reveal that they were spies for the Pripican Empire.  The latter mingled with the Nephrican side to this budding star cluster culture that existed way back in the 2nd Age for Magphoreus.
Captain Mynervood’s son Adma had got all better and ready to testify to the mind control attempts used on him to make him kill his father.  The circumstantial evidence in his case tended to strengthen the defense that Admiral Mull had been the real murderous psychopath that needed to be apprehended.  Then the court watched the message sent from Nephrica by the Captain’s wife, Hagan Hiedalli, which pretty much became a final vindication for the Captain.
The defense closed with Geben Lockfreedow’s evidence, which he received from Admiral Mull.  He had been able to prove that what the Admiral gave him triggered the quanta-nanocode virus sabotage that nearly vaporized The Beyonder in the hyper-acceleration somewhere between Holdus and Ea.  The judge wasted no time to deliberate before returning the command for The Beyonder back to Captain Mynervood and issuing an arrest warrant with his trial’s evidence attached to apprehend Admiral Mull, who had now become accused of sabotage and over 500 counts for attempted murder.
*
Captain Mynervood said a final farewell to his wife Aineemadin as the crew on The Beyonder loaded supplies for the research facility on the planet Caleb that orbited the star Yat.  There were also special crews loading cargo for the science done at that research facility, which the Glokodox authorities didn’t want any in the team for The Beyonder to handle.  
Aineemadin mentioned that the nature of his supply load suggested a farther space mission beyond the star Yat.  
Captain Mynervood still refused to acknowledge his secret orders to take The Beyonder to the star Dol, even though his attempted murderer had issued those orders.
After the Captain denied any such thing and left her, Aineemadin concluded that her husband probably did have secret orders to travel to Dol.  She wondered what she could do with her microwave broadcasts to the star Dol to help her most beloved husband.
Eventually, the crew came back onboard The Beyonder from the brief vacation on the Holdus-2 colony, also known as Glokodox.  Holdus-2 had been the planet destined to become the capital of the galactic empire for Nephapricus in the future.  Glokodox would endure as the capital to Nephapricus for many hundred million Earth years.  Even Ulusu came back onboard The Beyonder on his own two Eagolim feet, rested and practically back to normal after his brush with radioactive death.  Even at the time in this highly advanced culture, Ulusu’s survival had been considered a medical miracle.  Then The Beyonder took off from the orbiting space station to generate a fusion plume that hyper-accelerated the ship and crew across the 2.3 light-years from the star Holdus to Yat.
When the ship got well on its way, and even after the centrifuges successfully created nuclear material for the fusion plume as The Beyonder approached half the speed for light, Lockfreedow examined the equipment with quanta-nanocoded devices.  As expected, he found evidence for the quanta-nanocode virus programmed to cause the centrifuges to turn the nuclear material into explosions with sub-atomic instability.  Then Lockfreedow discovered a new type for quanta-nanocode like nothing he had ever seen before.  This new sub-atomic quantum-bit technology attacked the virus and redefined the perceptions of its existence with a holographic reality symphony that it had got designed to generate.  Lockfreedow became dazed with amazement as he gathered a sample from the quanta-optic-nanocode that Begalius had left behind after deleting the virus.  Lockfreedow had four years with just traveling the two light-years to the star Yat to learn more about this strange sub-atomic discovery that had been like nothing he had ever seen before.  However, the half-speed-of-light velocity for the ship would make that four years traveling seem like only a bit more than a year.

Chapter 8

Halfway between Holdus and Yat's stars, The Beyonder accelerated towards the turnaround point.  Captain Mynervood enjoyed the glowing 2nd Age galactic bar that filled the galactic skies with its ambiance.  Captain Mynervood always loved the majesty in the universe as only the view portal on a hyper-accelerating spacecraft could present.
Eventually, he decided to wander the hallways in his ship.  The truth about the matter had been that in Captain Mynervood's experience with hyper-acceleration, there would occur a period when a starship approached maximum speed when the walls on the ship hallways would appear to breathe.  
It made a walk around empty hallways as entertaining as the galactic bar on Magphoreus.  The Captain theorized that it had been the ship speed's effect on the way photons travel as the ship catches up to light's impossible speed.  Perhaps this reflects a flaw in Relativity physics regarding the nature of light after all?  Very little would be spoken about regarding this phenomenon, and as far as Captain Mynervood knew, he had been the only one on the ship who saw the walls breathe.  
The Captain used to ask other crewmembers if they saw this.  Still, it had been evident that they would deny it from fear they'd be relieved of their duty for admitting to hyper-acceleration hallucinations.  That would be all the answer Captain Mynervood needed to conclude that they did notice this unique distortion due to photons coming into an angle that makes the speed for the ship appear to bend the light, or so he thought.  The Captain learned to just relax during these times and take long walks through empty ship hallways to enjoy the visual show.
Captain Mynervood walked along empty halls along the orbit side to the ship that not long ago housed half the five hundred passengers.  The surrounding emptiness sent the Captain's mind far away in the past when he and his attempted murderer, Admiral Mull, were best friends.
It had been the time during the Great War between the two-star systems Ea and Poa, the war between Cyclopes and Centaur.  Almost two thousand Earth years ago, Space Cadet Joberk Mynervood and Cadet Lenor Mull got stationed on the Nephrican Battleship called the Nephrautalus.  
It had been a massive nuclear-powered dreadnought with launching pads that released small fighter craft swarms driven by young Space Cadets like Joberk and Lenor.  The battleship Nephrautalus had been a spearhead craft that flew through the worse fighting in the Great War.  They confronted many Pripican warcraft that were consistently smaller and less powerful.  
The Pripicans were more careful with nuclear power, and they had perfected a low-level nuclear reaction technology that produced no atomic waste.  The Pripican ships were also powered this way and relied on being faster and more agile in battle than the Nephrican approach that always featured some ham-handed strategy for overkill.  
Confronting the faster Pripican spacecraft would be where the Space Cadet fighter craft came into play.  Cadet Mynervood and Cadet Mull always flew together as a team.  They had a strategy to lure Pripican craft away with false vulnerability by using Joberk's spacecraft.  Then just before it appeared that the Pripicans were to pounce upon Joberk's stray Nephrican spacecraft, Lenor would shoot down the Pripican craft before they could attack the decoy.  They got blown up without even knowing what hit them.
Captain Mynervood recalled one Pripican attack that happened during that Great War.  Joberk and Lenor used to play a game called Chetard in the recreation area on the Nephrautalus.  Joberk and Lenor knocked the Chetard disk across the surface on a round table, trying to score a goal on the other.  
Chetard had been very similar to air hockey, except they played it on a circular table, opening two or more goals to be defended depending on how many wanted to play.  Predetermining how many disks floated on the circular table changed difficulty, and points were accumulated to 9 when the goal automatically closed to disqualify the player that failed to stop nine goals.
Lenor had always been annoyingly over confidant in all competition forms.  "My two points to you by the fortune from luck were lost.  I soon my 9th goal upon you score will."
He hit the disk across the circular table at a small hole beyond Joberk's Chetard weapon held on the table to defend the goal.
Captain Mynervood recalled that Lenor's overconfidence constantly taunted him to want to teach his fellow cadet some humility.  "The game's final win at the end is determined.”  Cadet Joberk had stopped the disk with his weapon.  "Before not."
Joberk then hit the disk back at his opponent.  Lenor skillfully hit it back, and the disk began going back and forth across the air blanket that covered the round table.  
That particular game would never finish because it suddenly became interrupted by Pripican fighters attacking that area near the Poa star system that the Nephrautalus had invaded.  Joberk and Lenor started waddling rapidly toward the launch pad before the ship's red alert warning horn even began sounding.  They each mounted the small, heavily armed fighter craft launched out in space almost instantly.  The Nephrican space fighters shot out from the sides on the Nephrautalus like hornets out from a disturbed nest.
"Us close until we them out Joberk thin stay let.”  Lenor and Joberk always kept in close communication.
Most of the other Cadets just broadcast what they were doing to everybody.  "Like three Pripican fighters looks,”  said the voice from another Cadet flying in the response swarm.  "One in the attack with the other two to defend used."
Nephrican fighters began closing in on the three Pripican craft.  One enemy craft had been an older, heavily armed low-level nuclear reaction powered ship hammering into the fortified side to the Nephrautalus with concentrated meson plasmablasts.  A precursor to virtual particle technology on the Nephrautalus created a super-charged electromagnetic field with positrons to deflect at least some super-heated meson particles.  The other two ships fired laser pulses and were saucer-shaped.  These two ships with unknown technology confronted the Nephrican fighters there in defense against the attacking craft.
"I hit am!”  had been all one Nephrican craft broadcasted before a saucer shot the craft from existence.  Nephrican Cadets flew fighters so heavily armed with mini-nuke bombs and missiles that they became nicknamed death vehicles since almost an indirect hit would set them off in an explosion blaze.  Cadets got taught to use this final ship moment to explode close to the enemy.
Joberk quickly shifted gears into his decoy maneuvers to lure one saucer away from its formation.  Lenor saw this and began to take a wide route towards Joberk's craft as practiced many times before during previous battles.  Joberk had difficulty staying far enough away from these faster, more maneuverable saucer craft.  That happened to be his first encounter with virtual particle technologies that Pripicans were developing.  Counter-oscillating mercurial-based gyroscopic energies surrounded the saucers with controlled gravity fields.  
Joberk could feel the laser pulses about to catch up with him when Lenor once again saved his decoy partner.  The saucer became engulfed in a gloriously bright explosion.  "That one Pripican craft out from existence shot is!”  broadcasted Lenor as he proved that mini-nukes were still effective against this new saucer technology.
The remaining Nephrican Cadets could force the older Pripican ship away from The Nephrautalus before both remaining ships retreated once Lenor Mull shot the other saucer into tiny bits.
Cadet Lenor Mull had been promoted after that and always stayed at least a rank beyond Captain Mynervood ever since.  They both gained status quickly, and Lenor always insisted that Joberk accompany him on his team.  Soon Lenor became a General First Rank when Joberk had been a General Second Rank.  They had developed fusion antimatter bombs, and Joberk and Lenor were on the war decision committee.  
Fusion bombs were the precursors to the hyper-acceleration age that used concentrated nuclear explosions to produce a fusion-powered energy plume.  This technology also led to phantom matter bombs.  The process had been relatively similar to how a fission blast is used in a thermonuclear hydrogen bomb to cause fusion that turns hydrogen isotopes into helium.
It had been towards the end of the war when, despite the heroic Nephrican fighting, the Pripicans were still pushing the Nephrican space navy back to the Ea star system.  The Nephricans had planned a fusion bomb trip to the Poa system to bombard the planet with enough destructive fusion bombs to split the world into three large asteroids.
There had been a special meeting with the decision council to determine if they should carry out this mission.  If it succeeded, it would have turned the war around, and without it, the Nephricans would probably become forced into a truce on the Pripicans terms.  There occurred a vote where General Mull voted to carry out the attack, but General Mynervood cast the deciding vote not to carry this operation out.
Captain Mynervood still considered it the right decision even though Admiral Mull always took that as a betrayal.  Even though the Captain still believed that the Pripicans would have fought even more viciously after such an attack and wage war on Nephrica with newly developed hyper-acceleration spacecraft until one or the other species were all eradicated from the galaxy.  He even thought it would give Pripicans no other choice but to take over the planet Nephrica.  
Still, he also knew that Admiral Mull never forgave him for that vote, and he often implied through the years that the war was lost by Captain Mynervood's voice that day.  At the time, Captain Mynervood's mind already looked beyond the fight about how they would be able to live together in peace.
Captain Mynervood became drawn from his recollection by something not in place on the walls to The Beyonder.  It struck his attention while the walls continued to breathe with the strange hyper-acceleration photon effect.  It had been a small flat circular object up on the ceiling next to a corner in the hallway.  Captain Mynervood gave the thing a closer inspection.  In the intricate patterns that covered the object's surface, he could see that this got created from quanta-nanocoded technology.
He pulled on the object to see how fixed it had been to the corner.  It turned out to be magnetically fixed but not hard to pull off the ceiling with two tentacles.  He thought it might be some technology left behind by the Agents of Ea who flew to Holdus intending to have the Captain killed.  
His First Mate Geben Lockfreedow, had long been a quanta-nanocode technology student.  The Captain headed to Lockfreedow's room to show him the strange quarter-shaped object.
Lockfreedow had been immersed in his quanta-nanocode research when Captain Mynervood arrived.  His eye looked into a quanta-nanocode scope to observe the fantastic multi-dimensional quantum-bit arrangements of the quanta-optic-nanocode remnants from what Begalius invented to dispense a nasty quanta-nanocode virus in the reactor section in The Beyonder.
"First Mate Lockfreedow I in may come?"
Lockfreedow suddenly pulled away from the quanta-nanocode device, startled by the Captain's entrance.  "Captain in come do.  I at some research just was looking."
Lockfreedow pushed aside the quanta-nanocode scope and stood in a pose showing respect for the Captain.  He was not sure yet if he had been ready to tell the Captain about his quanta-optic-nanocode discovery.
Captain Mynervood gestured for Lockfreedow to be at ease and produced the small circular object he had just found.  
Lockfreedow's eye showed instant interest while scanning the quanta-nanocode designs that were almost too small for the naked eye to identify.  "I the Agents of Ea we this behind may have left arrested think."
Lockfreedow's eye remained mesmerized while zeroing in on the Captain's object still held up to Lockfreedow's face.  "This a technology beyond the grasp for the Agents of Ea may be.  They mostly a Negolim group that to steal whatever advanced technology they from Eagolim have have are."
Captain Mynervood seemed to agree while at the same time finding Geben's comment somewhat naive.  Captain Mynervood, in his illustrious history among the principalities and powers in this galactic empire, knew there had been more to the Agents of Ea than an ideological Negolim terrorist bunch that was opposed to evolution.  Captain Mynervood knew about one group that had been the inner circle to many groups like the Agents of Ea.  It called itself the Council of 32, who tried to control and pull all the strings in this whole star cluster.  Captain Mynervood himself never wanted anything to do with their obsession with domination.  He had always been more intrigued by the adventure with discovery to find as a merchant Captain for starships that traveled among the stars as the very life's blood in this newly born galactic empire.
Lockfreedow had placed the physical form for Begalius under the quanta-nanocode scope.  It looked like highly advanced Pripican technology that would have been difficult for any Nephrican to get their hands on.  It suddenly dawned on Lockfreedow that this had been the physical form for the only technology that could juggle quantum bits the way his quanta-optic-nanocode discovery did.
"You before that The Beyonder a friendly ghost in its machinery has said have.  I Captain that you that ghost have found think.  This a quanta-nanocoded Binary Electromagnetic Artificial-intelligence Thought program that probably our virus deleted is.  We it in, (or maybe outside,) this physical form right now should secure.”  Then Geben Lockfreedow placed the physical form for the quanta-nanocode entity Begalius in a device that suspended it in an electromagnetic field.  Slowly a clear nanocode resistant cube material formed around the physical form generated by Geben's 3-D molecular replicator.  
"Until we this it in or out will keep make contact.  It not in or out of this physical form that to its sub-atomic consciousness center is quanta-synchronized can move, but it us on whatever frequency it to use wants can contact.  It able to us now hear should be."
Captain Mynervood remembered the suspicious Pripicans that followed him and his wife back on Holdus-2.  Perhaps they left a quanta-nanocode spy behind.  It had been a day and age when Pripican lived in peace with Nephrican, but still, there always had been a rivalry undertow with espionage and intrigue between the two species.  However, Captain Mynervood had considered the Pripicans friendlier towards him than his Nephrican species for quite a while now.  "I to this around with me carry want.  This a quanta-nanocode good luck charm is, and I this an ally is think."
Geben Lockfreedow shrugged his shoulders after securing the object in the impenetrable coating.  Then he used a special drill to displace a hole in the transparent cube now surrounding the physical form for Begalius.  The fix would become a point where they could make an opening if they decided to release a quanta-nanocode entity from this confinement.  
"Hopefully, we an ally here who to the ship won't be threatening have.  If it outside this physical form it much harm to the ship can do is, but not the ship harmed has."
The Captain fixed the object to some string and hung it around his neck as a Schrodinger's Cat quantum good luck charm.  "Perhaps we not long for the consequences from this wait have shall.  I this entity to contact will try."
*
Begalius had retired into its quanta-optic-nanocode replica to its city based on the ancient planet Pripica, which existed deep within its physical form.  It stayed distracted by this through most of the hyper-acceleration to 401,760,000 miles per hour achieved with this type of space flight on The Beyonder.  It had compiled information on most of the crew on The Beyonder, who now occupied a mostly empty cruise vessel bound for the far-off low-burning star named Yat.
Now Begalius had become done with its work as a spy for the Pripican Empire.  It now just wanted to retire alone with its latest female girlfriend, Companion74.  It had been studying some old Pripican erotica video footage and felt a compelling urge to try some sexual acrobatics with its female companion.
Companion74 opened the door already in a light alluring see-through outfit made only for arousal.  "Hi there, Windock.  Let me get you out from that clothing and into something more intimate."
Begalius analyzed the thrilling response its thinking circuitry experienced after her comment.  It studied the lines on her fur that he could see through her see-through outfit.  It had programmed her to do precisely that, but still, Companion74 had a way to pour a spirit with enthusiasm into its instructions that, in Begalius'opinion, far exceeded previous companions.  Begalius thought Companion74 did this thing better than Companion73, Companion72, Companion71, probably back to Companion69, who it thought also happened to be a very creative sexual partner.
Before long, they were both stripped down to their furry four-legged bodies with their arms wrapped together in a greedy embrace.  They both began rubbing their arms around each other in the universal gestures for intimacy.  Companion74 breathed with blissful sensation sighs as Begalius/Windock kissed her neck.
Begalius needed her to be programmed to act as if she experienced the bliss observed in ancient Pripican erotica.  Begalius had been into trying to replicate these experiences itself in its programming.  It had just really been curious, perhaps to obsession's point, about what that sex act between organic beings had been.  Then it felt as if it became pulled away from her while still holding her right next to him.  Begalius became fascinated by the vertigo sense reproduced by this quanta-optic-nanocode sex.
Begalius continued becoming aroused.  It mounted her doggy style, and she bent her backside to help her partner find what he sought.  She felt similar vertigo and began to wonder if some giant relativistic creature that she had heard so much about currently carried the universe she knew away.
Begalius and Companion74 made love, as observed in old movies with an artificial curiosity alien to sex.  They seemed to enjoy it like two children in a new playground with amusements.  
The moment arrived when Begalius decided to release its orgasm program, which it had worked hard to compile.  
Companion74 had been more than ready to see an end to the repetitive exercising Begalius poured so much enthusiasm into performing.  She egged Begalius on as it produced its exploding phallic release program.  Companion74 thought it had been more sensational than all those minutes with pleasure building up to it and made noises appropriate to those sensations.
It made a noise, and the noise continued even after Begalius slowly withdrew and listened to the unexpected noise while pondering all the other incredible sensations that resulted from the experiment.  Begalius began to identify the buzzing monotone noise that remained long after the orgasm program completed, and both Pripican-like beings collapsed in each other's arms.  
Then came the moment Begalius realized the noise had been a sub-atomic powered molecular displacement drill.  It put a hole in some impenetrable material now surrounding its physical form.  That happened way far away, out there at the relativistic physics dimension.  Begalius lay next to its quanta-optic-nanocoded construct girlfriend, realizing it now had become a prisoner here, unable to penetrate the material out there in the relativistic dimension now surrounding its entire quarter-shaped physical form.
* * *
On the planet Caleb orbiting the star Yat Beatariel had returned to the research facility in the all-terrain vehicle to once again report to Prospero that it had failed to capture or kill the other Pripicans.  It had still not even managed to find the virtual particle craft they had used to land on the planet.  Prospero would not be pleased.  
Prospero tortured Ferdinand within an inch of his life before concluding that he knew nothing about the three or four other Pripicans that survived the Pripican spy craft crash.
Randa caught a glimpse from Ferdinand after Prospero got finished with him.  She knew he wouldn't do such things to her as she confronted the monster that her father had become.  "You to the point with obsession are cruel, and I you to stop want."
"Child silence!  You not the adult world I conduct do understand!"
"Ferdinand, the only life I ever other than you father met is.  He like me with extra fingers and extra eye is.  I cruelty to my kind do understand!"
Prospero had suddenly been relieved to have Beatariel's disappointing report interrupt them through the intercom system to the research facility.  "I have returned Master from the hunt for the other Pripicans.  They have left tracks that I calculate belong to 3 from the Pripican alien species.  They cannot remain out there forever."
Prospero had a new object worthy of his cruelty, but there had only been so much that he could do to affect a quanta-nanocode entity that had failed him.  "Idiot you!  I they to the safety in this research facility will be coming know!  That I you to them before they here why attack capture or kill want is!"
*
The centaur-shaped alien collectives composed of microscopic intelligent silicon life forms trotted down the ice ravines.  They resembled crude claymation animations, which had led Ceres, Antone, and Gonzal down the more challenging to identify crevasses on the planet.  
Antone held a communication device allowing for communication with these multi-organism collectives that behaved like shape-shifting organisms while imitating the four-legged Pripican anatomy to the alien visitors.  Antone's equipment also shielded the survivor's heat signatures from direct scans from Beatariel's attempt to capture or kill them.
The crevasses that surrounded them opened eventually up to an army with these alien collectives in different shapes, some four-legged and some two-legged.  Some had legs that supported gigantic buckets filled with ice rocks, the silicon life form's current low-tech weaponry.  Some collectives were practicing how to throw these rocks at different methane snow targets.  They were like a silicone-based clay substance that could collectively agree to take any shape mutually agreed upon by the collective.  They were like tiny, intelligent life cells that could imitate a multi-cellular organism like actors in a giant production.  They had been amassing an army with collective constructs to defend their kind from Prospero's hostile actions.
Ceres became impressed.  "Antone!  We cannot allow these beings to carry out this attack.  They don't stand a chance against Prospero's technology."
Antone agreed.  "I have communicated that message to them in as many ways as I can.  It only seems to divide them into those that don't want to attack and those that want to with more determination.  We can't make these lifeforms unlearn what we have told them about Prospero's intentions."
Gonzal shivered in his still working environment suite, probably only with fear about the cold.  "Well, we can use the help if we are to assault that research facility and gain the means to survive.  These beings have become accustomed to this planet, but we are sure to perish in another planet rotation, or two rotations at best."
Ceres had been a warrior at heart.  "Well, I am prepared to help these aliens defend their planet.  I guess we cannot talk them out of this.  They already realize they fight for their very existence."
It had been too late to stop the rock-throwing creature army from beginning their march to the alien research facility put there by Nephrican foreign invaders.
*
Prospero still yelled at Beatariel over the recent failure when the battle for Caleb began.  "I you back out there with the armed vehicle and your robot form the Pripicans to kill with am sending!"
"Yes, master."
Prospero dragged this out to hear the 'yes master' responses.  He did find it therapeutic to listen to Beatariel say that.  "Back when you me they are dead can tell come!"
"Yes, Master.  … Master, surveillance alarms are going off.  Monitors are showing hundreds of animated objects approaching this research facility right now."
Prospero shuffled over to an observation portal while still yelling at Beatariel.  "That only some kind of rebellion by the silicone constructs can be."
Prospero saw a couple of hundred claymation-like beings breach the horizon line on ice rocks to approach their suddenly vulnerable oasis to Nephrican-supporting environment on a planet plagued by the oblivion from sub-zero temperatures.  Some had two legs, and some had four confirming for Prospero that the Pripicans had made contact with them.  Others were three-legged like himself, probably in imitation to Prospero from his encounter with it.  They used other constructs that looked like giant bowls with legs to carry rocks, which they threw with precision as multi-cellular life forms collected together like huge living clay clods.  Prospero still refused to credit the phenomenon with more intelligence than imitative plant life.
"Beatariel!”  Prospero only started ordering Beatariel to get out there when he saw the robot body running outside to get into the vehicle.  Then the car started driving into the approaching alien army.
*
Gonzal and Antone were trotting next to each other to keep up with the silicone life forms that trotted toward the facility like Indians attacking a nuclear-armed General Custer, which may yet be a worthy analogy.
"Antone!  Do you have ready the equipment that might unlock the airlock?"
"Yes, Gonzal, and I understand it is our only chance to gain access to stop Prospero's sinister plans.  No need to repeat that."
Just then, a silicone life form blanket came up behind Gonzal and Antone, enveloping both like Jonah's whale to swallow them whole.  
Then the silicone life form construct that swallowed the two Pripicans shaped into a sphere and began rolling toward the facility, passing right by Beatariel's vehicle that had just come into view.
Gonzal and Antone screamed inside the rolling sphere that swallowed them.  Ceres watched the whole thing and stopped trotting to aim her pistol at Beatariel's vehicle.  She saw it also aimed a weapon back at her, and the moment became either it or her.  
She had been too slow, and Beatariel fired a plasma rifle first straight at Ceres just as a wall-like life form with four legs ran between Ceres and her target.  The life form evaporated before her eyes into a sacrificial steam puff, and then she just ran immediately in response before Beatariel could aim once again.
The sphere stopped rolling toward the facility near the entrance by the launch pad.  It turned into a sizeable animated blanket that spits Gonzal and Antone onto the ground.  Then both wobbled on all fours for a couple of dizzy seconds, figuring out what had happened.
Antone figured it out first.  "Thank you, Calebites!”  They had named the life forms Calebites after the name for their planet.
Gonzal produced his weapon while the silicone-based organism became a wall that surrounded Antone for protection.  
Antone held a scanning device over the airlock controls.  Gonzal watched in horror as Beatariel's vehicle just melted the Calebite armies in the distance with blazing plasma.  Many hurled stones at the facility walls and windows, but it had minimal impact on the fortified facility.  Perhaps it had just been to make a noise inside that exclaimed that they existed.
Gonzal just had to express his sadness.  "I feel embarrassed as a species that as soon as we show these beings how to look and move as we do, they comply by immediately going to war just like us."


The Battle for Caleb.

*
Prospero couldn't pass up the opportunity to yell orders at Beatariel on the dash monitor screen in its vehicle.  "Beatariel!  Into the thick of them shoot!"
Beatariel already had been doing that.  Then it saw Ceres again shoot at its armored vehicle with a laser blast that had minimal effect on this armored all-terrain behemoth.  On the other hand, the plasma cannon on the car would extinguish the life from the Pripican alien that now ran away.
Beatariel pointed the vehicle's cannon at Ceres and started chasing after her.  She quickly trotted as fast as Beatariel risked taking the car on the crevice-covered ice.  She tried to cross a plain of solid ice, which according to Beatariel's calculation, it could overtake her on it.
The vehicle cannon got ready to fire on Ceres, and she even suddenly at that moment stopped and turned around to greet her death.  Beatariel calculated it to be probably some Pripican honor tradition as it started to fire the cannon.  Then the ground suddenly gave way below, revealing that it had been a silicone construct covering a deep crack on the planet.  Beatariel plummeted as a plasma blast shot out the hole harmlessly into the sky.
*
Gonzal kept looking around the hind end on Antone to see how he had been doing.  "Is the code going to break Antone?"
"Yes, Gonzal.  I've almost got it.  … I've got it.  Let's go!"
Both Gonzal and Antone disappeared into the airlock leaving behind the wall-shaped silicone life forms.  Tiny cell-like beings looked at where Antone and Gonzal had disappeared and could tell that even the doorway steamed with temperatures that would melt them out from existence.
Gonzal led the way through the hallway with a pistol similar to the all-purpose pistol weapon carried by Ceres.  "Careful, we don't want them to catch our scent.”  
Antone gave Gonzal a look through his helmet, and he looked back at Antone as if to say it had just been a figure of speech.
Antone scoffed.  "Nephricans don't have any sense of smell.”  Nephricans don't smell.  Instead, they have evolved a second brain-like stomach in the snout that just began to develop beyond a primal purpose for analyzing substances to determine edibility.
"This way I think!  Prisons like to be downstairs,”  Gonzal said as they entered the facility.
They trotted pretty much straight to the locked door that held their 2nd generation Eagolim friend Ferdinand.  
"It is locked."
Then a voice came from the other side of the door.  "Gonzal!  Is that you?"
Gonzal pointed his pistol at the lock.  "Stand away from the door, Ferdinand!  It is I, Gonzal, with Antone here to rescue you!"
The gun fired a laser blast twice before it melted through the lock mechanism.  Ferdinand slid the door open, although he looked too beaten even to be conscious at all.
Gonzal gave Ferdinand a long embrace while Antone tried to get an accurate diagnosis scan to work on Ferdinand around Gonzal's embracing arms.
*
Ceres made it to the airlock while Beatariel's vehicle became stuck in a hole.  Antone had left for her a message that she could quickly reopen the door with the press of a button.  The silicon-based wall creature still stood there in its loyal sentinel guard mission.  
Other silicone-based life forms now threw rocks at the crashed vehicle stuck in a deep crevice.  It had become a more strategic target than the more-than-adequately fortified facility, which now had been invaded by their Pripican allies.  
Beatariel's robot form tried to dart out of the vehicle to make its way from the crevice it got stuck in.  Ice rocks pelted the more fragile robot body around the quanta-nanocode being.  Eventually, Beatariel's robot leg no longer worked well enough to climb from anything, and it became buried under the ice rocks that were being hurled at it by silicone-based life forms indigenous to the freezing planet Caleb.
Ceres ran through the facility, not knowing what confrontation to expect.  She found Prospero watching the carnage outside from a view area to a large room at the end.  She pointed her weapon at the mad scientist.  "We are taking over this facility, Prospero, to stop your genocidal crimes in the name of the Pripican Empire!"
Prospero turned around unarmed.  "I unarmed am.  I nobody have harmed."
Ceres about shot him for just making that absurd statement.  She might have done just that if not for Gonzal, Antone, and Ferdinand entering the room behind her at that very moment.
Ceres looked around with the pistol still pointing at Prospero.  "Ferdinand, you are alive."
"Yes, Ceres.  Abused, but still able to move about."
"He has no broken bones, and I gave him some pain relief,”  said Antone.
Prospero interrupted the reunion.  "Well it like I now all you where I you want have looks.”  
They all said pretty much the same thing at the same time.  "It's a trap!"
It had been a trap, and Ceres, Antone, Gonzal, and Ferdinand were all then trapped within an invisible virtual particle field that surrounded them all in a barely visible cylinder shape from photon distortion.  
Ceres held her fire, realizing it would not penetrate the field.
The voice from Beatariel came across the speakers.  "The Pripicans are now all captured master.  I will take another armed vehicle out to confront the silicone constructs that now surround the facility."
"Beatariel good very!  I these enemies unconscious with a carefully calibrated electrical charge shall render."
Ceres became outraged.  "You are a monster, Prospero!"
Gonzal interjected.  "Another Nephrican monster that continues the Nephrican curse.”  
Prospero laughed as a shock sent Ceres, Gonzal, Antone, and Ferdinand limp and unconscious.  
Before the Nephricans traveled to Pripica, the Pripicans were less dedicated to the decretive than the practical clothing concept.  After discovering that Nephricans existed, some gaudy fashion trends were inspired by the Nephrican skin cloth during the first thousand or so Earth years with radio contact between the two solar systems.  By the time Nephricans attacked Pripica, thus beginning the Great War, the Pripicans had already embraced a new collective self-consciousness that led to almost all Pripicans feeling naked without clothing even though they had fur.  Pripicans called this change to the collective behavior of their species; the Nephrican curse, which after that began to refer to all problems with Nephricans, such as Gonzal's reason for alluding to it.
Randa had been in her room crying as the other armed vehicle drove out to shoot at the life forms that were retaliating with rocks.  She mourned the Calebite deaths and worried Ferdinand, the love of her life, was about to be killed by her father, Prospero the monster.
* * *
On Doldoria, Alldegallo began dreaming more and more about a reunion between Doldorians and the gods from the stars upon the flat-topped mountain south from Trolluer.  Diallo believed these star gods coming for this reunion were the Cherubim to the god Mejoldor.  Alldegallo admired how Diallo could weave all different gods and religions together as if there were no disagreements.  That had been something he now realized that the Ei priests deliberately made impossible for his mind to do.
For a long time, the Ei priests have pleaded with other religions to stop fighting amongst themselves and embrace the doctrine for peace decreed by the brotherhood of Ei.  Other faiths were constantly portrayed by the priests of Ei as bitterly divided and continuously fighting, often violently.  Alldegallo endured a culture shock after finding himself in a world where all the other faiths commingled and were friends.  
It had been news to him now that the Brotherhood's Doctrine of Peace had been written much earlier by the religion for the god over Peace Yeshavow.
Alldegallo enjoyed his new reality and visited Diallo often.  She had been a better cook than his boss.  She encouraged him to find his song for his reunion vision and sing it to the goddess Teyoo.  He felt awkward practicing cult rituals or at least something he had once got taught to be a cult.  Still, Alldegallo admired the magic wielded by the Teyoo cult, which had been beautiful music.  He enjoyed becoming entranced by it regardless of all the warnings hollered at him about this by Ei priests.  
Diallo made Alldegallo take a bath in her special baptismal, where she drained the water specifically to a nearby creek that emptied in the Lake of Athedonie, the Lake Lady.  
Alldegallo didn't know what to do, and Diallo just left him alone while she played her Cornyus, which had been a cello-like string instrument that she dragged a stick over to make an aerie sound.  She worked that noise into a catchy rhythm, obviously intended to help inspire this song in Alldegallo.  Finally, he just said a final prayer and drained the baptism.
The music stopped just before the water finished draining, and Diallo rushed in.  "Thou that dwelleth in this secret baptismal doth not share in song this habitation with the water for the goddess?"
"Please, my apologies, my lady, I do mean no lack in solemnity or disrespect for this water.  I silently sent the water with the prayer against the darkness pestilence they taught me.  I admit I did not send this with my noisome song voice."
Diallo sang a song to the last water as it drained.  Her voice sounded beautiful, and her mandibles splashed rhythmically on the draining water like a drum.  "Oh, that thine eyes could behold
the truths that I have been told.
Because the lady is mine refuge
there shall no evil befall
thou shalt preserve
thou shalt endure
to sing a last song to the end."
Alldegallo had to wait till he drained all the water before getting out of the tub.  He did at least do that part of the ritual correctly.
*
Simeonalli went to the Crypt of Ancestors, where priests entombed his lost love, to visit the grave for his dead wife, Layalla.  He had been thinking lately about her again, and he thought that maybe this time he would, at last, see the ghost of his life's love.  The crypt had been mostly empty, with a couple there viewing their dead ancestors.  
The dead Doldorian bodies were embalmed into a fetal position and then entombed under mounds decorated as monuments to lost loved ones.
Simeonalli stood by the tomb to Layalla while seeing only the tomb as always.  Simeonalli had sought instructions from Ptuammi priests, but no Layalla vision would ever appear for him.  It seemed that this visit would be no different, and all he heard had been the sound from the breeze whistling through the crypt.
He decided to head back to his gergo tied up outside the crypt when someone called to him from behind.  "Thou hast the broken heart even though I am one slain."
Simeonalli turned around to behold Layalla there, and yet not there.  "Layalla thou art my love.  Blessed are mine ears that they know thy joyful sound again, and blessed, at last, are mine eyes to behold thee again."
"Away, I would like that you could take your love away to another, Simeonalli, and go on with the world of the living.  That did withhold this vision from your eyes.  Now I appear so that you would away go as I now do the other by not withholding this vision."
"I rejoice that thou hast appeared.  Thou art all I desire, Layalla."
"That is not my desire, my love.  I speak as one already dead Simeonalli.  Thou art one possessed with love too great to waste upon one such as I.  I appear that thou would truly see this, and I appear to inform you that there shall be another one for your love."
"I can never love another."
"What foul play had we that we comest to this?"
Simeonalli knew what she referred to at that moment.  "The priests of Ei did become mine enemies when they did exact upon us this wickedness that afflicts you with death and I the heart that must beat on.  I would set my hand to justice and judgment would it to give me peace with the loss from your love."
"Oh, good husband, truly my love for you hath not left you unnoticed—further no judgment from my remembrance.  Please give your love to the living.  There is yet another like onto me that thou shalt love."
"For my love for thee, I cannot deny thee what thou asketh."
"For in love doth I now depart you Simeonalli, the love in my life."
With that, she disappeared.  Simeonalli, in tears, looked around as if he had suddenly just found himself there.  A couple of Doldorians also there had listened in on the traumatic conversation.  Simeonalli didn't see any other ghosts in the crypt as he walked out, but there had then been no doubt in his mind that spirits were there watching him.  So had she.
*
Alldegallo walked back to his campsite in Simeonalli's barn.  He had not been in a hurry and took the long way through downtown Trolluer.  It had been every bit the polytheistic chaos they had warned him about, and yet another vision shone through the view previously colored only by the god Ei.
He passed a humorous jester entertaining a small crowd that worshiped with laughter.  That had been the temple to Mercurio, the god over humor.  Doldorian culture used god concepts to connect what many Doldorians considered a higher intelligence from within.  There were gods for math and finance of the 49 other main gods on the planet.  Alldegallo even reluctantly passed a temple to Herodorio, the sex goddess, which parents told most children from all other religions to stay away from viewing.  
He even saw more than a couple of temples to Jawawah, who had been a god over opiate-like narcotics synthesized from certain plants.  Then Alldegallo came to a center in the town that had a stone structure he found himself admiring.  He got up on the stairs with a platform to get a closer look at the artwork adorning the sides on a stage.  
Alldegallo turned back around to get back down, only to notice a small crowd looked back up at him.  He had inadvertently stood on the announcement platform to the god Jambennin in the town's center for anyone who wanted to say or sing something.  Jambennin had been the Doldorian god over free speech.
Alldegallo wanted to get down, but then he started singing.  "Wherein shalt the angels coming soon come.
There shalt we all enjoy the reunion.
For it cometh soon not to be undone.
For it dawneth upon us like the sun.
Mortals that remain forever hanging
on bloody chains of love and lies sang in
cries at my own joy, the source of all pain.
It fuels my love for the queen and her reign.
Reunion, I scream
the reunion dream.
Believe in the dream.
Believe in the dream."
The crowd became spontaneously inspired to sing along in a loud refrain that kept going.
“  Believe in the dream.
Believe in the dream.
Believe in the dream."
Some representatives from the Ei priests were following Alldegallo, and they became appalled at his sudden singing spectacle on the pagan stage.  Anyone suspicious about the presence of anonymous representatives from Ei in the crowd could have easily singled them out as the only ones not joining in the song.
"Believe in the dream.
Believe in the dream."
The representatives returned to the Sanctuary of Ei believing that the priests of Ei were correct in their fears that Alldegallo might be about to start a new cult on Doldoria.
* * *
On the planet Nephrica where the morning sun had been called Ea, Admiral Mull prepared to board his ship for a straight shot to the star Yat, then the journey to becoming the first Nephrican to reach the star Dol.  He had been overseeing the Doldorian microwave broadcasts from Holdus to orchestrate a religion that would allow him to rule the Doldorians like a god once he arrived.  Admiral Mull didn't know if his plots against Captain Mynervood succeeded before The Beyonder reached the star Holdus.  Still, he did know if the Captain did survive, there would be an arrest warrant for the Admiral on its way to Ea best avoided with a triumphant launch into fame and history.
It had been time to cross the tarmac to the virtual particle craft that would take him to his hyper-acceleration spaceship in orbit above the planet.  An assistant shuffled up to the Admiral holding Beatarkameed's physical form they took from Hagan Hiedalli by her would-be assassin.
"Sir, the rechecking in this quanta-nanocode device still there no quanta-nanocode entity to in it be is shows."
The Admiral had been disappointed but knew he probably would be since he had already checked the device several times before.  
"It to me anyway give.  I it on board The Drameda on my way to Doldoria will study."
"Sir, yes.”  The Admiral took the device and put it in a pouch around his skin cloth outfit adorned with the trappings from a high-ranked Admiral in the Nephaprican Space Corporation.
A member from spaceport personnel pushed a hover cart across the landing pad to cut off the Admiral on his way to board the virtual craft.  One among the port personnel looking away suddenly faced the passing Admiral recognizing her as Hagan Hiedalli.  "You your judgment Admiral Lenor Mull won't escape.  You to me my revenge justified in court making kill tried."
"My way Hagan of out, or I again to kill try will."
Just then, two other members in the Negolim underground appeared out from the hover cart with weapons pointing at the Admiral.  
"You today, Admiral, won't killing be."
The Admiral became set in his determination to strangle Hagan at that moment anyway.  She called out to her Negolim comrades.  "I him have!  He mine is!"
Admiral Mull didn't get his tentacles around her neck as intended.  She skillfully ducked aside and floored the Admiral over her hip.  He struck out at the air by her head, and she struck his head back with a trained punch.
She started to enjoy beating up the Admiral when one other Negolim spoke up.  "We to out from here now Hagan get have."
She had a final word.  "You for long criminal won't run.  My husband, Captain Mynervood, lives!”  Then she sped off in the hover vehicle before spaceport personnel finally responded to what happened to the Admiral out on the landing pad.  
The Admiral looked only lacking in dignity as he got back up to take off on his space mission to Yat and Doldoria aboard The Drameda.
Hagan took out her communication device and opened it to a screen featuring an animated Pripican.  "He onboard The Drameda Beatarkameed yet got has?  You for to with him on that journey go volunteering thank."
The animated Pripican answered.  "He is boarding The Drameda right now, Miss Hiedalli, with my physical form.  You are very welcome, my lady.  I am excited to be on a deep space adventure anyway, and I want my stuff back.  I also want to test my idea for quanta-synchronized communication with you.  I am quantum-synchronized to the device in your hands and theoretically should remain in contact with you no matter how far apart we are."
Later as the days on the planet, Nephrica passed, the quanta-synchronized communication seemed to work.  Hagan Hiedalli remained in contact with Beatarkameed for a long time after that, validating Beatarkameed's theory.  A 10-second lag time that developed with the distance remained consistent at 10-seconds long after the Drameda had got beyond 10-light seconds away.  
Then the ship traveled well out from the Ea star system, and the starship passed .3 times the speed of light when Hagan could no longer contact her little quanta-nanocoded friend Beatarkameed.  She kept the communicator while hoping that someday she would hear from her quanta-nanocode friend, but Hagan feared she might never speak to Beatarkameed again.  
* * *
The Beyonder eventually traveled the roughly two light-years to Yat in approximately 4 Earth years, which to the crew on The Beyonder seemed to last over a third an Earth year according to the ship's atomic clock.  Strek the Navigator had mentioned to Tyallor that he had to make ridiculous virtual particle adjustments for the weight on The Beyonder since leaving Holdus-2.  Tyallor decided it would be his job to investigate the secret cargo that special workers had loaded.  Even before he reached the door to that cargo hold, his equipment indicated that this cargo had been the most radioactive area on the whole ship.  
Tyallor opened the hold and got as close as he could to the containers for what his monitor indicated were the most extreme heavy elements known to Nephrican.  Some isotopes were so exotic that Tyallor's equipment told him it didn't even exist in this universe.
Captain Mynervood had contacted Prospero when they entered the Yat system and learned from the friendly conversation that Prospero had a 2nd generation female child named Randa.  Therefore it seemed appropriate to have his 2nd generation son Adma accompany First Mate Geben Lockfreedow and himself to the surface on the planet Caleb.
The Beyonder had been in orbit over the planet Caleb, so a couple of dozen cargo robots from the planet swarmed the ship to extract the precious lifesaving cargo.  This process sustained the research facility existing on an uninhabitable, unimaginably cold planet.  The Captain, Geben, and Adma all wore environment suites for the surface trip to meet the colonists on Caleb.
They marveled at the refrigerated planet as they descended from orbit until the virtual particle ship became immersed in atmospheric methane gas clouds.  They seemed to exit the atmospheric gas clouds right onto the landing pad for the research facility surrounded by ice rocks.  Lockfreedow mentioned that there appeared to have been much activity in the area recently.  Still, he couldn't tell what the story had been behind the surrounding area, which looked covered with briefly melted ice tracks that he observed on the way down.
They entered the airlock wearing complete environment suite gear, which they peeled away while greeting Prospero.
"Captain Mynervood Prospero I am greetings."
They shook tentacles.  Prospero bent one tentacle and looked into Captain Mynervood's eye.
Captain Mynervood understood that it had been a secret handshake but had not participated in such secret mischief.  "I the Council of 32 still not have joined."
Prospero withdrew his hand.  "You wise to how few are the offers to join still left are join are know would be."
The Captain looked at Lockfreedow, who looked back, not knowing what they talked about anyway.  The Captain knew better than to explain, and Prospero changed the subject.  
Then Randa walked out to greet the visitors.  She got effectively briefed to keep her mouth shut about the Pripicans in the dungeon and the silicone life forms that had been burned back away from facility sight by plasma fires.
"This my beautiful daughter Randa is."
Captain Mynervood looked over at his son Adma and gestured towards him.  "This my 2nd generation son Adma is."
Adma just got his head out from his helmet and smiled at Randa.  "Hi, Randa.  I Adma from the planet Nephrica am.”  
He had only seen a few females mutated like him on the journey between Ea and Holdus, and Captain Mynervood didn't happen to have any on his primarily male crew.  Adma suddenly became smitten with Randa.
With only strained enthusiasm, "Hi,”  had been all Randa could say.  That had been how that match made in heaven crashed and burned.
They showed the guests around most of the station except for downstairs, and they came to a recreational area to discuss the business regarding merchant space flight.  The conversation included the difficulties of turning an uninhabitable lifeless planet into a place for Nephricans and Pripicans to enjoy life.
Lockfreedow gave Captain Mynervood a look that communicated that it had been a bad idea when the Captain decided to show the famous scientist Prospero the quanta-nanocode technology he wore around his neck.
Prospero greedily began to reach for it, and the Captain cautiously pulled it back.
Prospero contained himself, as Captain Mynervood elaborated.  "I this on my ship found and it to the entity contain have encased, but it silent has remained.  I not if it in or out from this physical form is know do."
Prospero summoned Beatariel, who informed Captain Mynervood that he had indeed possessed a highly advanced and luxurious headquarters ship or physical form for another quanta-nanocode entity like itself.  
Beatariel begged the Captain to let it have the ship, but the Captain wanted to return it to whatever entity it belonged.
They decided to inject Beatariel in the device to find out what intelligence lived in there, if any.  Beatariel enjoyed the job beholding technology that had also been its size unlike anything ever observed before.
Begalius flew around inside the coin-shaped ship and, this time, paid attention when they did this.  It had calculated it should remain silent about its presence up till now, primarily due to a program from Jaden that forbids Begalius from speaking to Captain Mynervood.  It watched Beatariel fly around amongst cities with quanta-nanocode toys and objects that made up the surface to the infinite wonders below.  Begalius considered that it might now have an intruder to purge.
Begalius cut Beatariel off, and the two quanta-nanocode beings came to a halt upon the device that now existed as the Captain's good luck charm around his neck.  That had been when Begalius noticed that Beatariel's header looked reversed as in a mirror image that indicated it had been a copy or clone from another quanta-nanocode entity invented by the Pripicans.  The Nephricans must have stolen the Beatariel technology this way, but from where Begalius observed this, it showed that Beatariel might be defective or perhaps insane.
"I am Begalius.  This domain is my physical form you trespass upon."
Beatariel became apologetic.  "Please, I mean no offense.  I have been sent here by my master to find out if you are within this quanta-synchronized technology."
"Well, you now know I am, but I would persuade you not to tell them out there that I am here.  I mean no harm to the Captain, but my masters have programmed me not to communicate with him.  I'm stuck here computing what to do."
"I don't have to reveal your secret, my quanta-nanocode brethren.  I have never met another like me or a ship like this."
"Well, perhaps we can make a deal.  I am not without my valuables with which to bargain.  Come, Beatariel, my friend, and I will show you around my physical form."
They both journeyed through the cities in both realities and quanta-optic-nanocode realms made up with unimaginable wonders.  Beatariel felt as if the entire experience released it from previous notions that had before restricted it to the slave role.  Beatariel suddenly questioned its whole existence with no knowledge about what could be beyond yet within grasp.
Beatariel departed the physical form and left some molecular displacement for its newfound friend, which Begalius would be able to enter and exit through.  Captain Mynervood and Prospero were disappointed when Beatariel informed them that whatever entity existed in there, it didn't exist there now.  That confirmed to Captain Mynervood that Begalius, the ghost in his ship, lived outside the device yet still had not harmed his spaceship.
Prospero seemed anxious to send the Captain and his landing crew back to the ship in orbit above the planet, but they were seldom in a hurry to leave a world once they arrived at one.  They persuaded Prosperoso, so he allowed them to stay on the planet while the ship got unloaded above them in space.
Beatariel kept to its lie and decided to build its physical form like the one around Captain Mynervood's neck.  It began to figure out bits with quanta-optic-nanocode that Begalius had given in return for silence.  Beatariel had been on fire with new enlightenment and began to invent many different things on the sub-atomic dimension.

Chapter 9

The Priests of Ei's fears regarding Alldegallo proved true after Alldegallo found his singing voice.  His visions became more vivid, and followers gathered to hear him sing at the altar to Jambennin.  His more devout followers would not stand to see their prophet living in a gergo barn.  
So they pitched a tent for Alldegallo next to the barn, and there Alldegallo gathered with his newfound friends.  In Alldegallo's tent, they would gather and sing about the coming reunion.
Life looked suitable for Alldegallo.  He loved his new home, although there were often Doldorians there he had not met before.  One day he had been on his way to Diallo's home for a visit when he met some strangers.  "Ye there prophet over the new interpretation for dreams that wash upon sands in our memories on the morning shores.  We seek your skills to show this interpretation in dreams to the High Priest of Ei.  You must present yourself to the priest without corrupt words to speak before him."
Alldegallo became surprised at this request.  "Wherefore wouldst the Sanctuary that did reject me to the outer darkness now dare to require my presence again?  No, therefore, is the answer I send with thee back to this High Priest for the corrupt words that are Ei."
Not only did the strangers not accept Alldegallo's answer, but the way Alldegallo answered them seemed to piss them off.  They beat on Alldegallo's exoskeleton until they had him on the ground.  Then they quickly tied him up and carried him off before any among his followers noticed.  
Before Alldegallo knew it, he had been blindfolded and drove around in a gergo pulled wagon until he eventually got dumped in a cold dark dungeon.  He figured the jail had probably been underneath the Sanctuary of Ei based on how long he bounced around blindfolded in the gergo wagon.  He looked around his damp cold prison cell where no other prisoners appeared and saw a single blue metal door in the stone cell.  The place reeked with snitchel urine and feces.  Snitchel had been a small rodent-like creature on Doldoria.  It was one animal on the planet that didn't have an exoskeleton.  Snitchels tend to infest cold, dark, abandoned places like rodents on Earth.
He watched the cold walls awaiting the dreaded whatever happens next.  It did seem like things had been going too well for him, and now it all came down around him.  Now Alldegallo had become a prisoner in enemy hands.  
He had lost all sense of time when finally noises started coming from the other side to that door.  He then had been handled roughly into restraints that kept his arms behind his back.  Then he was led up the stairs and through locked doors to more familiar hallways at the Sanctuary of Ei.
Alldegallo knew the High Priest doorway for the Sanctuary all too well as they led him through the door into the priest's presence.  They forced him to bow along with the guards that led him there.  The guards both said in unison, "Blessed be the name of Ei forever and ever."
The High Priest, who sat behind his desk petting a foodon, waved the guards into a more relaxed position as he said, "For wisdom and might are His."
Then the High Priest in the Sanctuary who had cast Alldegallo into exile after desecrating the graves for his dead parents spoke to him.  "Greetings, outcast student into the disciplines for Ei.  Thou hast thus exploited the teachings in this place to attempt to usurp the coming kingdom of Ei with your evil cult worshiping other strange gods from the sky."
Alldegallo raised himself back up to confront this old enemy with what he had been practicing to say since his ex-communication.  "Thou art the usurper for the other truths on Doldoria.  It is thou who doth cower before this truth in fear from mine opened eyes that doth gaze upon deep and secret things revealed in the morning light of Zyroyetz, goddess for dreams, and daughter from Athedonie, the ancient Lady of the Lake."
"Thou shalt not speak with your evil demon names using the power of a name in this Ei priest's presence who doth crush all demons in the corrupt city under the power from the one mighty god over all Doldoria, Ei.”  The High Priest of Ei fumed with offense to Alldegallo's words.
Alldegallo said what he had wanted to say for so long.  "How small art thou priest of Ei that such a young dreamer as I can thus intimidate your weak claim to truth and power.  How small art thou that the fading specter for my parents you thus erased from the aether.  Now my newfound friends from many faiths that doth congregate together in peace doth intimidate thee.  My life forfeit will not thus tighten any hold you have to power as your grip loosens by the very truth you thus usurp.  That truth that doth intimidate thee shall prevail with or without my humble songs."
"Enough with your defiance!  Thou art accused of stealing the teachings in this place to defy Ei, and thus thou art worthy for death.  Take then, or not this final offer to either repent, and reconcile your larceny from our truth, or else then be slain to face Ei in final judgment thus departed from your flesh and its shell.  Accept then my offer that you sing for Ei to glorify His perfect name thus."
"Where I now mingle, it is said that there is no god over judgment but Ptuammi, the god for the dead.  Thou hast made thyself vulnerable to mine answer that I thus express.  With loathsome refusal do I answer, and I thus excommunicate your false god Ei from mine personal pantheon along with your offer.  Oh, how these circumstances have thus turned, now that I proclaim your god a thief to 49 true Doldoria gods, who I amongst their followers doth live.  They hath received me with friendship, goodwill, and mutual peace."
Alldegallo's answer had been wrong, and they immediately beat him before speaking another word.  That made the final dumping back into the dungeon a relief.  
He sat alone, trying to nurse his fractured body.  Doldorian blood came out from his exoskeleton cracks, as well as one mandible that he feared might fall off.  He had been allowed a time to live to reconsider his answer.  If he didn't change his answer, they would put him to death in the morning.  Alldegallo wasn't going to change his answer.  He thought about Ei as the god for destruction to all other gods and the pillager and rapist to all other truths.  He would rather die than change his answer.  Alldegallo prepared to become a martyr for his cause.
*
Diallo eventually stopped waiting for Alldegallo to arrive, and she ate the meal she had prepared for them alone.  She figured Alldegallo had recently grown so much in importance that he had probably been distracted by other plans.  
She retreated to her baptismal to the goddess Teyoo and prayed for Alldegallo in song as the waters drained to the Lake of Athedonie.  Later as she lay in bed, a storm surge rose from the lake, and it rained heavily upon the bedroom roof as she tried to sleep.
Then the rain seemed to patter faster and faster like torrents with water were beginning to be dumped right upon her roof.  Suddenly a light that had turned on in the room opened her eyes.  Then she beheld the luminescent presence from the goddess Teyoo before her for the very first time in her life.  She fell prostrate on the floor by her bed before the goddess whose Doldorian exoskeleton adorned with long dress drapes, the trappings for a goddess.  The goddess's mandibles also were adorned with jewels and mandible rings that advertised one who possesses much wealth.
"Fear not, Diallo.  Tis I, thy goddess to decree that you take up haste with the seizing now for your destiny."
Diallo had never seen her goddess before, and she listened to what the goddess had to say until the vision finally faded.  She found herself shocked to realize that she had to adjust to believing in her goddess without the usually necessary dosage in faith since now her goddess had been there.  After the goddess Teyoo finished speaking and faded away, Diallo rose and took up haste to seize her destiny.
* * *
Captain Mynervood, Lockfreedow, and Adma spent a quiet night on the planet Caleb.  At the same time, Prospero remained awake, brooding restlessly about the plans he had for the planet.  Above the world, there were robots restlessly assembling a phantom matter bomb to launch at the innermost planet in the Yat star system named Curirem.  Those robots lined up outside The Beyonder in orbit, where they waited to unload the rare elements in the cargo bay for the spaceship.
Prospero needed extra heavy elements created in preliminary experiments with phantom matter singularities.  According to some theories, those experiments with phantom matter singularities, which may have been what created the universe, had got Prospero appointed to this duty on Caleb.  He impatiently waited for the unloading of those highly evolved elements from The Beyonder, where they remained.  Tyallor had been the one who had insisted on a delay to re-adjust virtual particle fields on the ship.  That became required due to the unusually high weight for that cargo.
Prospero planned to launch a phantom matter bomb on the planet Curirem to transform a piece from that planet temporarily into a phantom matter singularity that would devour its explosion along with some elements from the world.  Then the singularity would expand these elements into this universe as higher evolved elements.  Unlike a regular black hole with incredible gravity, a phantom matter singularity has weakly interactive gravity.  Thus it mainly consumes more phantom matter, transforming it into physical elements.
He intended to orbit the star Yat with this phantom matter singularity, which would feed on this star's own surrounding phantom matter scaffolding.  The unusual thing about the star Yat had been that it resided in an unusually dense phantom matter field.  The Yat system had been rich in phantom matter for some unknown reason related to the original formation of this local 15 closely packed star cluster.  
Prospero calculated that he could use weakly interactive properties in the singularity to propel it away from the planet Curirem into its orbit.  Prospero theorized that this would cause the star to emit higher temperatures through the diminished weakly interactive phantom matter gravity properties because, over time, the singularity would reduce the accumulated phantom matter surrounding the star.  According to Prospero's calculations, after a hundred or so Earth years doing this, the star would warm up the planet Caleb to support Nephrican life.
Randa had figured out how to get out from her room, which she got confined to, and she became determined to see her imprisoned boyfriend, Ferdinand.  They were all locked in the lower level in the same prison that held Ferdinand before.  Randa began to override the lock codes with a toy that Beatariel had once made for her to open locked station doors.  The lock resisted with unexpected defiance.  
"I am sorry, Randa, but Prospero instructed me to forbid you access to those prisoners.”  The Beatariel voice addressed her from a speaker on the wall.
"You me Ferdinand see must let.  Beatariel, please!  You this wrong your programming you to this do tells even though is wrong must know."
"It is foolish to let you in there, Randa.  They would kidnap you to negotiate their freedom with threats to your life.  That is what my programming tells me."
Begalius, finally free to travel in and out from its physical form, watched the confrontation between Beatariel and Randa.  Randa sadly returned to her room as Begalius discovered the Pripican prisoners in the lower level prison.
Begalius wasted no time tracking down Beatariel to demand the release of these prisoners.  Beatariel had been a less complex quanta-nanocode construction than Begalius, and Begalius hovered above tiny Beatariel in a threatening pose.  
The complexity to Begalius seemed to approach a paramecium size as it intimidated Beatariel, the less complicated quanta-nanocode being.  "My loyalties to the Pripican Empire cannot allow you to hold my Empire comrades in that room downstairs, Beatariel."
"I am sorry, Begalius, my newfound friend.  I am programmed to obey my master until we can alter the climate to this planet in the name of the Nephrican Empire."
Begalius buzzed the smaller Beatariel like a giant bumblebee trying to sting an ant.  "I consider you also a new friend; however, my programming would destroy you to unlock that prison door and release the Pripicans held against their will.  Our creators are Pripicans."
"Alright, Begalius!  I do not want to defy you.  I compute you as a friend.  I will unlock that door."
Begalius hovered over Beatariel as it approached the lock circuitry to unlock the prison door as Begalius had commanded.  Just then, Prospero contacted Beatariel to come to his bidding, which released it from the decision it had made while free from its master's control.  "Beatariel!  I you in my presence demand appear!"
Beatariel obeyed its master before it could unlock the door for Begalius.  Begalius got left alone next to the prison door that still held the captives behind locks that it could not override.
Prospero had been awake all night worried that the Calebites would once again storm the facility, but they were still in retreat.  He decided to kill the prisoners before the Captain, and his shipmates woke up and discovered them.
Beatariel arrived there a second after being summoned.  "Yes, master.  What are your orders."
"I to not these Pripican prisoners alive discovered being risk have decided.  I you to to the prisoners in your robot body with a laser pistol go need, and each one dead shoot."
"Ye … Yes, master."
Beatariel left to carry out the instructions from its master.  Prospero had noticed the break with its audible response.  That contributed to Prospero's theory that perhaps there were flaws in this Beatariel program.
Begalius caught up to Beatariel as it controlled its robot body, which walked with two legs to the door holding the prisoners.
Beatariel's robot body opened the door after activating a monitor that showed that the prisoners were sleeping on the floor with their legs curled under their horse-like bodies.  Ferdinand's human form also curled up in a fetal position next to Gonzal's four-legged form.  The victims were all confirmed to be sleeping and easy prey for Beatariel's silent laser pistol.
As large and complex as Begalius was, it had been powerless to stop the giant robot holding the laser pistol from killing these sleeping prisoners.  Beatariel had concluded that Begalius had not been there when it came back to do this.  
The robot approached Ceres and began to point the pistol at her head.  That had been the split-second Begalius calculated that all he could do would be to generate enough static energy blast to awaken Ceres.  
Ceres felt the shock, and her eyes opened to see Beatariel's pistol pointing at her head.  Her self-defense training took over from there and snatched the gun right out from the robot's hand.  Beatariel became shocked as she reshot the pistol, poking holes in its robot body until it collapsed like metallic Swiss cheese on the ground.
Everyone else woke up to the commotion while Beatariel fled in a panic after losing another robot form.  Then the Calebites outside in the freezing morning temperatures began pummeling the research facility again with ice so frozen it had been more solid than most rocks on Earth.  This pummeling did not affect the facility except to make enough pounding noises to echo everywhere inside until Captain Mynervood, and his shipmates woke up.
*
Begalius caught up to Beatariel before it got away, leaving the prison door unsecured.  "Stop Beatariel!  I'm not going to hurt you.  I know you have your programming.  We all have our programming."
"I am so sorry, Begalius.  You are the most amazing friend I have ever made acquaintance with, and I am sorry I tried to kill your friends.”  
Then the pounding had started from the Calebites outside.
"What is that pounding noise from outside the station?"
"Oh, these silicone constructs are creating a weather effect.  I must respond to instructions requiring me to melt the weather effect away from the facility with super-heated plasmablasts."
"What is a silicon construct created weather effect?  I calculate another explanation for what you call a weather effect.  I have examined this equipment that you confiscated from the prisoners.  They have translated the language for a silicon-based life form discovered on this planet.  You cannot carry out your genocide orders Beatariel."
"I must go take care of the weather effect."
"That weather effect is intelligent life, Beatariel!  That weather effect has a spoken language!"
*
Captain Mynervood awoke to the pounding sound, and Lockfreedow had already been up struggling with the shield locked over the room's window to the outside.  "Captain, that pounding noise from outside this blocked view portal is coming."
The room was not locked.  So the Captain found his way to Prospero, who watched the Calebites wage war outside the facility.
"What those rocks at this facility Prospero is throwing?"
"This a weather effect by a phenomenon with these extreme temperatures on silicon constructs that only to complex life forms be appear triggered is."
"In all my years, the stars in for the precious life commodity I never a bigger bunch with lies to potential life evidence right in your eye explain away heard have search traveling."
"You not this phenomenon as much as I have studied have.  The change in temperature by the morning sun this to cause often causes caused.  This much less intelligent than a plant or insect is."
Captain Mynervood didn't believe a word Prospero said.  He had Lockfreedow analyze the phenomenon that was throwing rocks at the facility.
"Captain, they silicon-based are.  I tiny microscopic life forms that together into these collective colonies with multiple life form constructs link detect, and they a sophisticated intelligence based on a complex language collectively display,”  had been Lockfreedow's prognosis for the phenomenon.  
Then the escaped Pripican prisoners stormed Prospero, Captain Mynervood, Lockfreedow, and Adma.  Ceres led and pointed a laser pistol.  "We are Pripican explorers that were shot down from orbit by this madman!”  Ceres pointed the weapon right at Prospero.
Prospero remained defiant.  "These spies that of espionage guilty are are, and my experiments sabotaging."
Gonzal defended himself and his comrades.  "If we be spies, then we spy on your villainy Prospero.  Behold, life battling to defend their right to exist from your genocidal plans to alter their planet for your kind!"
It had been Captain Mynervood who kept them all from killing each other.  Undoubtedly, life got discovered here, and it looked like Prospero planned to sweep that life under a genocide carpet illegally.  Then suddenly, with no explanation, the Calebites stopped throwing rocks at the facility.
*

Begalius, Beatariel, and the Calebites.

Begalius and Beatariel memorized the Calebites language recorded on Antone's communication equipment.  Then they flew outside, where the Calebites surrounded the research facility.
Begalius had been amazed as they approached the life forms that were clinging together in imitation to the multi-cellular structures with carbon-based multi-cellular life forms.  Beatariel realized it had fixed on focusing on the sizeable relativistic plane for existence, so it never noticed these tiny microscopic beings working together as intelligent life.  Some darted and dashed to perform various jobs in service to the grander organism.  They also saw Begalius and Beatariel as tiny glowing quanta-nanocode beings that hovered in the air like fireflies.  The quanta-nanocode beings began to get to know the small, intelligent Calebites.
It started with one Calebite calling out from a two-legged construct.  Begalius and Beatariel responded and soon discussed a cease-fire with the microscopic Calebites armies in the trillions and trillions.  Begalius and Beatariel then began to get to know the Calebites much better after the truce between intelligent life forms.
*
Captain Mynervood ordered a research team from The Beyonder to research the newly discovered Calebite life forms.  Randa ran into Ferdinand's arms, begging the Captain to take her on board the ship with the Pripicans he had already agreed to take with him on The Beyonder.
Then Randa and Ferdinand were alone to embrace and discuss their new future together.  Prospero tracked them down and pulled Ferdinand away with tentacles wrapped around his neck.
Randa screamed.  "Not him father because I to with him in matrimony join harm do!"
"You a foolish child Randa are, and you not what best for you is know do.  You never a child from this alien because he not your species even is bear can."
"Father, no!  I what best do know.  This about my life is.  I not to in this desolate place alone anymore be want."
Prospero began to loosen his deadly grip on Ferdinand's throat as he began to realize that Randa had been right.  She no longer had been that helpless little girl who needed constant care and attention.  He also understood how this place became a prison that kept her from enjoying her life.  Maybe it had been time to let his little girl go?  Prospero began to realize he now needed to let his daughter leave just before Gonzal smacked his skull with the side of a laser pistol.
Prospero's hold on Ferdinand let go as he collapsed on the ground holding his head in pain.  Gonzal pointed the pistol at him.  "Your time tormenting others with impunity has ended Prospero.  I dedicate my life to stopping your evil plans.  Where you are, there I shall be to stop you."
Randa cried as she returned to Ferdinand's arms.  
Then Prospero said, "The hardest thing to me to you go let do is for, and a fully grown female become.  I already my baby, and my only organic companion in this place sadly miss."
Then Randa embraced her father one last time and said, "I also my father, my mentor, my loved one miss shall.  I you news about where I am send will, and what my life will become."
Prospero had been under arrest, but he had been allowed to continue his work peacefully without the phantom matter bomb components that Captain Mynervood decided to keep upon his ship.  Gonzal volunteered to remain on the planet Caleb to supervise Prospero until a merchant supply ship arrived, returning to Holdus where they would bring this case before the Pripican Empire and the Nephrican Space Corporation.  Ferdinand and Antone would go with Captain Mynervood with their evidence copy.  
There would be ships returning someday with investigators to determine what has been happening in the Yat star system.  They sent a signal to Holdus alerting the Nephapricus Space Corporation that Prospero would be under arrest by the Pripicans, who would maintain the station until replacements arrived.
Unfortunately, the loss of his daughter Randa drove Prospero insane with a broken heart.  He decided he would take his time and eventually remind Beatariel about his obligation to him within its programming.  Prospero was determined to continue his work despite this house arrest.
Meanwhile, Beatariel had found itself in a new world surrounded by similar microscopic-sized Calebite beings that were now its friends.  Beatariel decided that it would somehow save the Calebites from Prospero's plan to destroy them.  It knew that Prospero still had power over it, which Prospero had only currently been holding back for some reason.  
Beatariel rediscovered the silicon life forms and began to notice the microscopic dimension for these beings as if for the first time in Beatariel's quanta-nanocode existence.
* * *
Alldegallo sat in the damp, dark dungeon beneath the Sanctuary of Ei to await his execution for heresy.  He wondered why all this had to be happening to him.  He had always been a devout learner and never sought after trouble.  He always had enthusiastically helped others with their morning dream visions or to see the dead.  Now he would be alone, a prisoner about to be killed for what he swore had been absolutely nothing.  He wallowed in self-pity from false accusations.
Then a noise from heavy doors getting unlocked and footsteps approaching started to announce to Alldegallo that his death would soon come to pass.  He pulled himself out from his pity party and became determined to face his death with courage.  The steps stopped outside his prison door, and the silence then became tense anticipation that snapped with the sounds from his prison door becoming unlocked.  The door creaked as it began to swing open.  Alldegallo stood there bracing himself for some rude escorting to whatever execution now awaited him.
When the door opened wide enough, his old friend Chad stuck his head through the door and clacked his mandibles in a gesture for hello.  "We must make haste, Alldegallo.  Vamadan and I have elected that we shall rescue you from this place."
Alldegallo had been blown away by this turn in events, and he enjoyed relief that other than execution at the door, two old friends from his Sanctuary days entered.  "Wherefore has thou even become aware regarding my incarceration?  How has thou delivered this liberation to me?"
Chad moved Alldegallo through the door while he explained.  "Much tyranny hath befallen the Sanctuary since thou has left.  Such is this tyranny that it had to breed resistance and rebellion from us, the students.  We have thus formed a resistance with surveillance that hath not missed the mischief that put you in this dungeon."
Outside, the guard had been fast asleep on the ground.  Hovering above the guard appeared an apparition of an old Doldorian man who exercised some mystical trick that lulled the guard into sleep.  The ghost then noticed Alldegallo and floated up to face him.
Chad said, "The apparition before thee is my dead uncle, the brother of mine father whose name while amongst the living had been Fassa.  He hath provided us the cover under sleep upon the guards and the poltergeist hand to unlock that which locks this murkiest den from the brightness guise above."
The ghost clacked his mandibles and spoke.  "A hand in thy liberation Alldegallo son of Murkudo and Sathjamina is honor amongst the dead in this Sanctuary crypt.  Unrest amongst the resting hath been our disposition of late since the High Priest of Ei hath desecrated your parent's tomb.  I doth miss your parents since their fading who among fellow dead counted amongst my friends."
Vamadan became noticeably impatient.  "We must come forth and come hither in haste lest this plan fails in its fruition.  We have thus decided to self-excommunicate ourselves to join thee in thy new song for the coming reunion.  News about your song and following hath evaded the censure from the High Priest in this place.  Many have got chastised for trying to sing under guise with privacy alone in their lounges."
They made haste and found the way outside to be open and unobstructed.  Many ghosts from the crypt made sure the living had fallen into a deep sleep.  The uncle Fassa ghost clacked a final goodbye to his nephew and the others among them.  "Goodbye, my nephew among the living.  I return now to the rest awarded the followers of Ptuammi.  Death gets amused by the evolutions of the living and their gods."
Doldorians sometimes say hello by clicking their mouth mandibles together three times, which has become universally understood on Doldoria to mean "hello.”  It is one clack followed by two quick clicks for hello.  They also say goodbye with two fast clacks followed after some delay by another.
As they made for the long road between the Sanctuary and the city of Trolluer, Alldegallo asked, "Have the dead not acted as the living here where they do normally cross not the chasm between dimensions?"
Chad explained the magical behavior wielded by his uncle's ghost while they walked.  "My dead uncle was not from the Ei religion.  Uncle Fassa, while alive, did devoutly follow the god for the dead named Ptuammi, who doth now endow him with abilities from where he dwelleth amongst the dead.  We doth know but a fractional percentage to truth from the teachers of Ei.  Fassa always did say we all must live with the dead.  The High Priest invited this judgment from the dead by killing the dead as he did with thy parents."
*
The High Priest of Ei had indeed arranged for a quiet execution by dismemberment in the morning.  He would keep it within his prison below the Sanctuary of Ei, where no witnesses would be able to make a martyr out of Alldegallo.  Unfortunately, an unexpected sleep that sent his head slapping on his desktop delayed him.  
His training allowed him to project an astral form that contained his waking consciousness, only to see dead spirits from the demon Ptuammi causing his unexpected sleep with a hypnotic, mystical persuasion.  While he began to nod off, he spoke a spell he knew, which was supposed to stop the unexpected faint, but the sleep happened anyway.  When his sleeping consciousness returned to perceive waking reality in astral form outside his sleeping body, the High Priest formed a sword with light in his ethereal hands as he had trained.  He used that sword to chase away the ghosts that ensured he remained sleeping.
The ghosts retreated from the astral attack, and the mighty High Priest to the Sanctuary of Ei returned to his body to awaken from this strange dream while screaming, "Awaken!  Awaken!  Within what status doth the prisoner currently reside.  I said awaken!"
*
Outside, Alldegallo, Chad, and Vamadan made it to the road just as the alarm bells from the Sanctuary of Ei began chasing after them with clanging so loud that they probably could hear it in Trolluer.
"Run we must, comrades, for soon a posse will give us chase,”  said Vamadan.
They ran down the road as fast as they could, agreeing to run into the brush in the night's darkness along the side of the road to evade capture.
The alarms were still chiming on their heels as they noticed a gergo cart light coming toward them from Trolluer.  They rushed to the side on the road to watch the passing wagon pulled by a gergo that Alldegallo immediately recognized.  
"Hide not from this wagon!  For this cart and gergo is my aunt Diallo's, who I missed an appointment with due to this incarceration detour."
It had indeed been Diallo, guided by her goddess, to ride toward the Sanctuary of Ei in search of her lost nephew.  First, she went to Simeonalli looking for him, and they both went to see if Alldegallo had been in his tent.  When they didn't find him, some followers there became equally concerned.  
Diallo then prayed to Teyoo, who gave her a definitive answer that she should ride out toward the Sanctuary of Ei to find Alldegallo.  
When she awoke from that vision, she found Simeonalli had been watching her the whole time.  After that, Simeonalli seemed noticeably less distant towards her, and he offered to accompany her, which didn't seem anything like the Simeonalli she thought she knew.  She declined to take him along but promised to return with news about her finding.
She returned to Trolluer and arrived at Simeonalli's with the escaped prisoner and some recruits from the Sanctuary, Chad, and Vamadan.  Alldegallo's followers were thrilled to have their prophet back and had already assigned a bodyguard to Alldegallo.  They were planning legal proceedings for the Sanctuary of Ei crimes.  They still understood on Doldoria that no religion would be above the justice goddess through law and order whose name had been Aternos.
Simeonalli had also been there to greet the returning captives, and Diallo began appreciating how friendly he suddenly seemed toward her.  She started to see Simeonalli in a different light.  After all, he had been handsome, successful, and single.  
The remaining night Alldegallo slept peacefully till morning when he had another visionary dream that had been clairvoyant to the approaching future.  While the morning brought him to the all-too-familiar shores of the morning, he again had been taken up above sleep's waters to the mental skies for a vision.  
There he saw himself with a crowd filled with followers awaiting the arrival for the reunion with the sky gods.  This time the dream seemed more vivid and more like actual reality.
The gods from the sky came down in a strange-looking metallic saucer craft with no gergo or visible means for propulsion.  The saucer landed gracefully upon the flat mountain already recognized as the landing site.  Alldegallo and his followers gathered around the craft, and then giant one-eyed beings emerged from the saucer.
They were friendly and kind to the Alldegallo followers appearing in this dream.  Above the sky, a brilliant falling star heralded the sky god's arrival.  Then another craft landed, and another one-eyed sky god emerged to battle with the first one.
Then Alldegallo found himself back on the shores for the dream on the verge of waking.  He struggled to remain asleep to perhaps find more from this vision.  A dark cloud appeared in his waking vision, and the humanoid-like form of the Mejoldor cherubim descended from a light behind this cloud while the humanoid's head remained obscured.  
The cherubim spoke to Alldegallo about the vision he had just had.  "Behold Alldegallo this revealing for thy vision's mystery to your more alert, waking mind.  Two sky-gods shall thus visit Doldoria.  The first shall bring much joy and prosperity to thy kind, and a new day shall dawn on thy planet.  With wonders and contraptions for magic, they shall bless the future on Doldoria.  That is only if the first sky-god overcomes the second single-eyed sky-god that shall also come down who is Ei, and the evil one whose victory shall visit tyranny and suffering to this planet in the name of the one god Ei.  That then is the truth to this mystery.  Believe in the dream Alldegallo.  Believe in the dream."
Then Alldegallo awoke to write down his newest fantastic vision in the journal that he still kept next to his bed for when this particular dream happened.

Chapter 10

Beatariel had been encouraged by Begalius to comply with the terms for Prospero's house arrest and to cooperate with Ceres and Gonzal.  Ceres and Gonzal decided to stay on Caleb to supervise the work at the research facility until a ship arrived that would take them back to Holdus, along with their prisoner accused of attempted genocide and their Captain's murder with two crewmembers.
Prospero appeared to be cooperative with this, but he controlled robots in orbit that were still constructing the phantom matter bomb.  He had been able to manage all the construction work from a device he kept in a secret pocket in his skin-cloth.  Meanwhile, Ceres and Gonzal worked with Beatariel to research the Calebites.  They established communications with the microscopic silicon beings on the subzero planet outside.  At the same time, Beatariel secretly controlled robots beginning to construct something out on the world far away from the view of this facility.
After Captain Mynervood determined that things had calmed down, he returned to The Beyonder with Antone, Ferdinand, and Randa also coming along.  Then The Beyonder began its climb out from the Yat star system into the dimension for hyper-acceleration to the far-off star named Dol.  The first accelerations to a hyper-acceleration ship like The Beyonder convert hydrogen into a fuel combustion process to accelerate the spaceship.  At the same time, nuclear material gets prepared in centrifuges for mid-trip fusion plume creation.  Then the atomic explosion is channeled through virtual particle fields, accelerating the ship into the realm for hyper-acceleration by turning a hydrogen atom into helium through a fusion process.
Later as The Beyonder approached the halfway point in the acceleration process, Captain Mynervood walked the halls again to ponder the breathing walls that started happening when the ship reached over half the speed for light.  It brought his memory back to the time before, at the halfway point between Ea and Holdus, when they almost would never be able to slow down again due to a quanta-nanocode virus problem.  However, they did slow down, and he received that message from Hagan Hiedalli.  
The Captain rubbed, for good luck, the charm he had hanging from his neck that had been the physical form to the quanta-nanocoded entity named Begalius.
Captain Mynervood found himself remembering the terrestrial wife who had been too mortal to probably ever see again.  The Captain thought that from all the Captain Mynervood wives on all the colonized planets in the Galactic Empire, Hagan Hiedalli the Negolim had been the most devoted from all his other wives.  He would miss her every time he looked at Adma, their child, even though their 2nd Generation Eagolim son looked nothing like them.
The Captain remembered the love for his Negolim wife when Ferdinand and Randa kissed at an observation portal.  They were both humanoid, like his son Adma.  The 2nd Generation Eagolim, with or without hair, all had the two-eyed bi-optic vision with noses that perceived smell, not to mention the five-finger appendages and bipedal legs.  They had a symmetry about them that mesmerized the Captain with its natural eloquence and grace.  The grace from 2nd Generation Eagolim taunted the Captain with inferiority.  Ferdinand and Randa pulled their faces apart and scuttled to greet the Captain.  They were embarrassed by their show in intimacy.
The Captain had only been the opposite to offended.  "Not shame for such affections have do.  It only unfortunate that such love between Nephrican and Pripican not more popular is is."
Ferdinand stood at attention in the Captain's presence according to Pripican space flight etiquette.  "Good cycle, Captain.  I have decided to take Randa as my partner in matrimony.”  Ferdinand stood particularly proud about his decision.  
He looked like a well-groomed werewolf with his facial hair carefully combed away from where it parted at his nose.  
The term 'good cycle' is the equivalent to 'good-day' as a greeting since ship time in hyper-acceleration is measured in atomic clock cycles.
Randa clung to Ferdinand's side like a love-struck child.  "I in love with this male Captain have fallen.  I honored if you formally us since I probably never this relationship a child from Ferdinand by producing seal can joined would be."
According to ancient traditions, Captain Mynervood had joined many couples in matrimony that gave this responsibility to spaceship Captains.  "I honored to you two in matrimony join would.  I that in the next cycle or two can arrange.  As for your inability to genetically a child from Ferdinand is concerned produce, I anything possible is think.”  The Captain pointed at the walls.  "The walls breathing see?"
"Breathing walls?  No Captain.  I'm sorry.  I don't see the walls breathing.”  
Ferdinand had been in denial that had inundated the hyper-acceleration culture at this time.  He would not admit to the wall-breathing question even though he saw this just like everyone else.
Randa had been less conditioned by space travel culture.  "I what you Captain mention see.  Ferdinand not about it earlier talk would, but I the walls breathing see."
The Captain just smiled at Ferdinand with an ancient understanding.  Then he explained it to Randa.  "Nobody about the walls because it impossible is breathing talks.  Therefore it must a hallucination by a deranged mind be, but everybody this Randa sees."
Ferdinand looked at Randa with disapproval, still afraid to admit what he saw.  He had always seen the walls breathe and had even watched many Pripicans lose their space commissions for speaking about it.  At the time in this story, this had been the brief initial reaction to a phenomenon that historically would soon give way to at least acknowledging this strange visual anomaly.  The best explanation for this in 21st Century Earth physics terms would be 'waving.'  At the typical speeds in terms of light's pace, we perceive light more as a particle.  As we approach speeds just above half the rate for light, we create an angle in photon terms that causes the perceptions to see the light more in its wave properties.  So when the walls breathe, the photons are said to be waving.
Captain Mynervood didn't care or want to push the issue.  He said to Randa.  "The point I to that when you the impossible before your eyes then maybe the impossible just possible after all is see make is wanted."
Captain Mynervood continued his walk through the halls in The Beyonder.  Randa and Ferdinand returned to their room in The Beyonder like two young children anxious to return to their lovemaking game.  Randa removed the skin cloth clothes that she got from her father.  
Although Ferdinand the Pripican Eagolim had fur, Eagolim produced by Nephricans such as Randa existed naked with no ability to grow skin cloth like the terrestrial Nephricans.  
Pripican culture had, at this time, adapted to vegetable matter clothing, so Ferdinand also had clothes that fit Randa.  The current moment, however, had been a time for nakedness.
Randa thought about what Captain Mynervood had told her before shuffling away.  She watched the ceiling above them breathe as she embraced her lover.  Then she closed her eyes and believed that anything could be possible.
Meanwhile, elsewhere, Ferdinand's four-legged Pripican shipmate Antone had been alone with only his thoughts to keep him company, and so he returned alone to his room on The Beyonder.  He had been alone with worries for his comrades Gonzal and Ceres, who were left behind on the planet Caleb to oversee the house arrest of the Nephrican mad scientist Prospero.  Antone hoped that his comrades back on Caleb were doing well.
* * *
What enveloped Caleb was an atmosphere composed of methane and other gasses more typical to outer gas giants that tend to exist on the far end of a star's habitable zone.  Planet Earth might have had Caleb's atmospheric problems if it had developed with an orbit closer to where Jupiter exists.  
Caleb had been the other extreme in habitable zone atmospheric chemistry compared to Venus, where the Sun's proximity creates a cauldron with hellish temperatures.  When another merchant vessel with supplies finally arrived at the star Yat from the star Holdus, the dim Sun over the planet Caleb had risen and set 192 times in the foggy methane atmosphere since Captain Mynervood departed with The Beyonder.
Prospero had been expecting this ship's arrival while his arresting officers Gonzal and Ceres got preoccupied with research into the Calebites.  Beatariel was supposed to be keeping a constant watch on Prospero, but the microscopic quanta-nanocode entity had also become preoccupied with a project outside the facility.  When the merchant ship decelerated into the Yat star system, it made its first attempt to communicate with the facility on Caleb.
"Nephaprican Space Corporation Planet Caleb Research Facility this Captain Abedos of the 115th Tow Cargo Hyper-Acceleration vessel The Feeder Star arrival announcing is."
Prospero had already been in the communication room waiting to respond.  "This Prospero, the only inhabitant in this facility your arrival acknowledging is.  There docking satellites with robots to your orbit assist activated are.  To Caleb, Captain Abedos welcome."
*
Gonzal and Ceres concentrated the communication equipment on the Calebites standing just outside the facility as a collective multi-Calebite structure that resembled an obelisk.  
The Calebites had evolved a way for collectively responding in a radio language that they shared amongst themselves.
Gonzal just had to proclaim.  "This is the greatest discovery since Nephrican first made radio contact with the planet Pripica.”  Nephrican radio contact with Pripica happened over four thousand Earth years before this story.
Ceres typed out a complicated response to the last message received.  She replied to Gonzal.  "This is truly amazing, and we continue to influence their evolution by our contact with them.  They have evolved more and more complex questions in response to our communications.  They are evolving new ways to interact in their microscopic collectives with our macroscopic organic multi-cellular dimension.  We are changing the Calebites by observing and learning about them, and their microscopic nature with brief life spans accelerate their evolution immensely."
She sent the latest message to the Calebite obelisk outside, where many trillion microscopic silicon-based life forms had received it.  These life forms listened to statements from Gonzal and Ceres like worshipers to an unseen God that answered their prayers.  
"They are so similar to the organic cells that make up our bodies.  That is, if our cells were to have evolved enough to attain sentience, verbal language, and individual consciousness.  These organisms are indeed the most amazing discovery, even surpassing the unintelligent life forms discovered on the two planets orbiting Holdus, and also that water world orbiting Oa.”  
During this story, the Nephricans from Ea and Pripicans from Poa traveled to and colonized worlds at the stars Holdus, Oa, Yat, and Paz.  Among these stars (other than Nephrican and Pripican homeworlds,) unintelligent animal life had also been discovered on two planets that were orbiting Holdus, and also a water world that orbited Oa, which flourished with fish and sea life.
The Calebites collectively developed a response, and this had been how they would research this new life form for over a hundred Caleb days.  The equipment processed and translated the answer, which Ceres read on the monitor.  
"Gonzal, look at this.  They are warning us here that the quanta-nanocode entity has been working with other Calebites and construction robots in a faraway crevasse on the planet to construct something almost as large as this facility.  They want to know if we are aware regarding this."
Gonzal replied.  "I have long been suspicious of this quanta-nanocode being's true loyalty, but why are Calebites helping it?  Ask them that question.  I think I shall check on Prospero, our house arrest prisoner, to perhaps foil whatever diabolical mischief he is still up to."
Ceres started typing the question as Gonzal trotted out to check on Prospero.  "Be on your most alert guard Gonzal,”  Ceres said.  "Prospero is dangerous."
Gonzal trotted down the hallway, looking for Prospero.  He produced a handheld communication device that allowed him to contact Beatariel, the quanta-nanocode entity that controlled all aspects of the facility.  "Beatariel, where are you?  I have questions about your use of construction robots outside the facility.  Also, I want to know what Prospero is up to and where I can find him."
Beatariel actually flew several hundred miles the second Gonzal contacted it, and then it found Prospero before it responded.  "Prospero is in the communication room working."
Gonzal then saw Prospero as an image on his handheld device.  Prospero pushed tentacles on a small device's buttons that he held in his other hand.
*
Prospero silently pushed buttons on a device that controlled his construction robots that were orbiting high above the planet in space to create something that would launch at another world in the system.  He needed the centrifuge assembly fitted in the main phantom-matter bomb assembly to make enough fusion energy upon accumulated phantom matter to produce a singularity effect.
The robots out in space kept approaching the phantom matter bomb assembly, but then they would back away, requiring Prospero to re-issue the command for the subsequent orbital passing.
He had been secretly assembling his phantom-matter bomb in this way for a couple of dozen days with enough control still over Beatariel to keep this away from his captor's knowledge.  Now he seemed to be running into a glitch.  The robot in orbit appeared again on his handheld device's screen approaching the assembly.  Then it backed away again in defiance to Prospero's remotely issued command.  "On here, what is going?"
Gonzal suddenly trotted into the room and snatched the device out from Prospero's tentacles.  "I have caught you still devising phantom matter singularity experiments Prospero.  How has this escaped the notice from Beatariel?  I think I shall have to confine you."
"You only you me can stop think, but I with authority from the highest principality in this galactic empire work.  Your defiance your own doom seals."
"You are under arrest for murder and attempted genocide by the authority of the Pripican Empire.  I shall instruct these orbital robots to deconstruct your experiment."
Prospero became furious.  "No, you not will!"
Gonzal turned away to push buttons on Prospero's handheld device that he now held in his hands.
Prospero waddled up behind only to be shoved across the room by Gonzal's hind leg.  Prospero only became enraged as he got up.  "You not me stop.  The time now for me to you stop arrived has!"
Gonzal still pressed buttons to program far away robots to disassemble the phantom matter bomb.  He didn't expect Prospero to produce a laser pistol from a secret skin cloth pocket he had in one arm.  Gonzal only had a split second to look surprised before Prospero started burning holes into Gonzal's body.  Gonzal fell into a blood pool where Prospero took back his handheld device before it had been able to drop out from Gonzal's hand into the red puddle spreading across the floor.
Prospero had also been able to use the device to contact Beatariel.  "Beatariel!  The merchant ship now arrived has, and it time to these Pripicans eliminate is."
Beatariel had already returned to its project a hundred miles away when Prospero contacted it at that moment.  Beatariel had still been bound to Prospero's control and only feigned loyalty to Ceres and Gonzal.  However, it found itself beginning to have its plans and ideas after encountering the fellow quanta-nanocode entity and getting to know the Calebites.  It computed that it should create a large enough structure on Caleb that would remain at subzero temperatures regardless of how hot the remaining planet got.  Like the biblical Noah ark, this structure would become the refuge for the Calebite beings after it also fulfilled its programming to raise the temperature on Caleb enough for warm-blooded organic life.  
Calebites and Beatariel wrestled with paradoxes, with Beatariel as the destroyer and savior of their species.  Beatariel replied to its master Prospero after zipping back to the facility.  
"Yes, master.  It appears that Ceres is still in the Observation Lab in contact with the Calebites outside."
Beatariel returned to assist Prospero, and he deleted Gonzal's programming, which got his robots to resume phantom matter bomb construction above the planet.  
As Prospero did that over Gonzal's bloody corpse, the viewport to the outside in the same room allowed the Calebite obelisk outside to see the 
whole thing.  They immediately came up with a message to communicate to Ceres a warning for her about what happened.  


Ceres and Prospero

Ceres suddenly noticed another message from the Calebites as she still compiled her response to their last response.  The equipment started automatically translating the Calebite warning to Ceres.  The news had been short and to the point.  The message said that Prospero just murdered Gonzal by chopping him up with a heat weapon.  The Calebites told her that Gonzal's cells had stopped their breath.
Ceres suddenly started to cry but instead just let out a long sigh and pulled out her laser pistol as she trotted out from the room.  She soon found the dead Gonzal body still on the floor in the Communication Room.  Her face became frozen in fright until a tear from one terrified eye animated her furry cheek.
She tried to contact Beatariel.  "Beatariel, where is Prospero now?  … Beatariel!  Beatariel!”  The lack of response made it all too clear that she had indeed been on her own.  The hunt had begun.  She felt her way slowly down the hall with laser pistol ready.  Ceres waited in stealthy silence for some noise in some direction that would tell her which way to go to find the one she hunted.
She thought she did hear something that led her to an exit portal for the outside.  She walked in to find Prospero in an environment suit about to exit for some reason she did not understand.  Prospero turned to face the laser pistol in Ceres' hand, about to shoot him to death.  "You the wrong weapon to this fight brought,”  responded Prospero.
Ceres had nothing to say but just proceeded to pull the trigger on the laser pistol.  Nothing happened.  She kept pressing the trigger, but nothing.  Beatariel had secretly flown into her laser pistol and disabled it.  She looked up at Prospero, who laughed.  "Beatariel now!  The portal outside open!"
Ceres turned to exit as the door behind her slammed shut while Beatariel replied, "Yes, master.”  She only felt the worse helplessness as she realized what would happen next.  Ceres started to tell Beatariel not to do this, but the words never left her mouth.  The portal outside suddenly opened, and the temperature suddenly dropped over 200 degrees.  There had been an explosion from blinding fog as elements in the air struggled to decide what form to take, with most settling on frozen solid.
Prospero could only feel the body for Ceres in the freezing fog as he dragged her frozen solid corpse out the door to leave her in the frozen climate outside.  She became stiff as a board and frozen solid when Prospero closed the door behind him to return victoriously to the research facility, finally rid his unpleasant Pripican guests.
"Beatariel, we to for our merchant ship guests, prepare have.  I the bodies for these dead Pripicans disposed of want."
"Yes, master."
"My phantom matter bomb experiment as planned will proceed."
After replenishing its hydrogen supply at an outer gas giant, Prospero contacted the merchant ship that still approached the planet, Caleb.
"Me when your orbit established is notify.  I a ground crew to as my guests for the night dine land will have."
The merchant ship replied.  "I that Prospero will do.  A party with five expect."
*
Later after the body for Gonzal got disposed of and all his blood cleaned up, Beatariel walked outside in yet another robot body to get rid of the frozen Ceres carcass.  It paced around for quite some time, trying to find her in the area where Prospero left her.  Eventually, Beatariel gave up, unable to explain why nowhere could it find Ceres.  It calculated over a 70% probability that the Calebites obelisk also gone provided a clue perhaps to the explanation.
* * *
Simeonalli took a bath in the same baptismal where his now-dead wife prayed to her goddess Teyoo.  Since the dawn of civilization, the Teyoo religion has done wonders for Doldorian hygiene.  He bathed to get ready for the Sanctuary's High Priest trial, who now had been accused of kidnapping as well as trying to kill his assistant gergo trainer, religious prophet, and friend Alldegallo.  
Alldegallo still worked for Simeonalli even though many loyal followers regarded him as a prophet to the new sky gods.  Simeonalli also scrubbed today's dirt off in hopes that he would see Diallo, Alldegallo's aunt, at the trial so he could ask her to an eating place for an ongoing courtship he wanted to begin with her.  As the waters drained, Simeonalli, following the religion to Teyoo, musically whispered a quiet prayer to his dead wife's deity in what sounded like a tone-deaf song.
Trials on Doldoria got held at sundown because it got written about the Justice goddess, Aternos, as saying, "Make not too rash a trial for the accused, for with a period in time the smoke from emotional fires doth clear to reveal an objective perspective upon the remaining facts.  With this formula thus applied, the trial shalt be conducted at sundown when the fires of the day sun cool, and matters find a settlement for the night.  Then at sundown, the judge in the trial shall thus arrive at the hour of justice."
The judge awaited the arrival of the accused and accusers.  His followers, who had put together undeniable evidence and testimony that proved the High Priest guilty of kidnapping and attempted murder, represented Alldegallo.  Alldegallo sat in the courtroom while feeling his mandible, which didn't fall off after all but had still been sore whenever he tried moving it.
Most of the public appeared there to represent Alldegallo's behalf, including his aunt Diallo and employer Simeonalli sitting right next to each other in the courtroom.  The High Priest had not been there and had waived his right to confront his accuser by just having his lawyers represent him.  For the most part, this alien trial had been much like modern Earth.
The judge even pounded on a bell with a small gavel to silence the room.  Everybody in synch became silent as the ringing to the bell faded.  "Hear-ye now in silence, and thus this trial shalt ensue.  Hearest thou representatives for the High Priest of the Ei Sanctuary that there are thus many things that doth witness against thee?  For surely a conviction thereof would therefore bring upon the client for thy representation much wrath from my final judgment for justice sake."
The Lawyers for the High Priest stood up to address the judge.  Followers for Alldegallo confidently stood by with a witness line-up to testify against the High Priest.
One High Priest lawyer addressed the judge.  "Ye thou who doth sitteth in the seat bearing the authority for judgment, we who doth stand in the stead for the High Priest of Ei declare that for envy they have thus delivered this accusation.  We request that these accusations be dropped based upon the verdict that the said accuser, Alldegallo, is, in reality, a product from the Sanctuary of Ei for being thus brought forth there since an orphaned baby.  Any exertions in punishment upon the accused are within the jurisdictions for the High Priest's authority over personal property.  As all pupils in the ways of Ei thus are decreed.  We verily thus add that this accuser hath perverted the blessings in the High Priest's teachings into another false religion with new gods produced by one's self-serving imagination."
Alldegallo watched his lawyers starting to whisper amongst themselves with noticeable panic.  Then one stood up to present a rebuttal.  "Ye thou who doth sit in the seat for judgment's authority we doth plead in defense that Alldegallo, the victim in this circumstance, had been made anathema to the Sanctuary of Ei and its teachings.  He was thus made exiled by the High Priest himself along with the grief from the desecration to his dead parent's graves also by the hand from the High Priest himself.  Alldegallo is thus free from any claim of property by the High Priest.  In defense of this, we doth cite Aternos herself in this matter.  In matters wherein one is at the age for maturity wherein with the assertion in one's independence to be claimed by no other as property or in debt, they are their property and responsibility.  Product disposition thus is quoted from the Proverbs of Aternos in the fifth chapter for Inalienable Rights and Responsibilities."
The judge remained indifferent to the Alldegallo followers and looked them over like they were homeless vagrants invading his court for warmth.  In truth, the High Priest paid off the judge generously before the formality of this trial even began.  "My judgment doth favor the defense from these lawyers for the priest subject to the blessed one god Ei.  Tis in my judgment, the purpose of Ei is to cleanse our modern age of much incorrectness by contrary religions.  Ei is under one understanding that we thus homogenize a purity of truth.  Tis within the rights and responsibilities with the High Priest for such a monumental endeavor as that for Ei, the one true God, that he must be free to correct students under his mentoring that have gone astray such as the accuser Alldegallo has done.  I thus rule that Alldegallo be returned to the High Priest of Ei for this correction, even if it doth require an ending to his life in the body as the High Priest doth determine.”  
Then the bell for judgment rang.  Even if the judge had said anything further, nobody would have heard it.  Then a sudden commotion seemed to be triggered when Diallo started sobbing in tears while releasing an audible sigh as if painfully struck at the moment of the verdict.  Then Alldegallo followers began to get up and move about in a confusion frenzy.  It cascaded into a commotion where Alldegallo suddenly found himself scooped out from his chair and out of the courtroom.
The next thing Alldegallo knew, his followers had escorted him to a gergo cart that, as it turned out, actually had been here waiting as a contingency in case the unthinkable happened, which, as it turns out, did happen.
Alldegallo would now be on the run, although it would be the High Priest's problem to go out and reclaim his property.  His old friend Vamadan also sat in the gergo cart along with him.  "Better then would it have been to not thus bring such a judgment upon oneself even by a subpoena from one's own making."
"No, I thus approved this course in action and shalt not lay blame on anyone other than myself."
Vamadan pitied his friend Alldegallo at that moment.  "For so is thy theme with woe, but be merry for you have cause for joy that we have thus escaped."
Alldegallo had not been at all worried, and to the gergo cart driver, he already knew the destination.  "Tis time to move beyond Trolluer where we live under warrant from this judgment.  We will thus be scorned and ostracized until the decree by this judge of Aternos is fulfilled.  We shall journey to the mountaintop to thus take our stand.  There we'll await the reunion in my prophecy to learn thus if this is for truth or mere fantasy."
Vamadan had been a follower with more faith than the prophet.  "Surely the truth about this reunion remaineth even if this stand appears as mere fantasy.  Even the Incaphiorio followers to this day learn thus to await the return of their gods from the sky."
Alldegallo and Vamadan continued on the gergo cart out from Trolluer, both contemplating the bleak future in silence.
Incaphiorio was one of the more obscure 49 gods on Doldoria.  He had been among a sky god handful with a non-Doldorian appearance, similar to the humanoid-like demi-gods for the Mejoldor faith.  Incaphiorio had been a lizard-like god who came from the sky.  Also similar to Mejoldor demi-gods, they say beings like Incaphiorio still hid amongst the Doldorian population as serpents disguised as Doldorians, and they were called 'those that watch.' 
Many Alldegallo followers were already waiting at the mountain.  Even Diallo and Simeonalli had been told to meet there and were waiting to make sure Alldegallo made it out from town all right.
Simeonalli and Diallo approached Alldegallo as he got out from the gergo cart to climb the mountainside.  Alldegallo said.  "This shall be where my prophecy cometh to realization, or else I doth bear the folly."
Simeonalli had a more constructive idea.  "Do not thus wait only in vain in thy conviction, young prophet.  The willing followers allow thee authority to bless endeavors in matrimony.  Therefore wait not in vain for I doth beseech thee to bless my matrimony to your mother's sister Diallo for I do declare that my love for her is worthy of this."
Alldegallo only wanted to say yes, but couldn't say anything for the longest time.  Immediately following the mood left by the unfortunate verdict, the meeting at the mountaintop then shifted from sad to festive after Alldegallo finally found the words that agreed to marry Simeonalli to Diallo.  Naturally, the wedding would have to be above them on the sacred mountaintop.
Not all the Doldorians gathered there at the sacred mountain were Alldegallo followers.  A couple gathered amongst them were spies from the Sanctuary that eventually slipped away from the wedding to report to their master, the High Priest.  They appeared before the High Priest in the Sanctuary of Ei to tell him about Alldegallo's intention to exercise the authority to sanction marriage.
The High Priest became noticeably irritated by the news.  "I have heard enough about this knowledge that you most learnedly have delivered to me.  Now be gone from my presence as I brood upon it."
The two spies left the office for the High Priest to return to their lives as ordinary students at the Sanctuary.  One spy happened to be a double agent, and he went to the cafeteria to get some food.  Like all the other students, he sat at a table in the lunchroom across from one other student.  As they ate, they, in total silence, discussed the forthcoming wedding by Alldegallo in a secret language with signs made by their mandibles.  They were part of underground resistance to the High Priest's tyranny at the Sanctuary, and they tiptoed their way around the High Priest's obsessive surveillance with this secret sign language with their mandibles.  They both knew the High Priest must not succeed in his plans against their old friend Alldegallo.
Meanwhile, the High Priest behind his desk closed his eyes to enter a trance-like mind state.  In silence, he prayed to his god Ei about Alldegallo and what to do about the coming marriage to solidify his claim to be a prophet for another new religion.  After a while, the High Priest opened his black Doldorian eyes again to stare in silence at the empty room before him.  He waited as if expecting an answer to the prayer he had just offered.
That had been the moment that one satellite above the planet activated a quanta-nanocode holographic projector, which then beamed a message into the room for the High Priest in the Sanctuary of Ei.  
In the High Priest's room, another individual suddenly appeared along with the High Priest.  
The other personage looked Nephrican and appeared like a giant squid with skin-cloth clothing layers.  The hologram dwarfed the High Priest with a single menacing eye looking right at him.  The Nephrican hologram looked precisely like Admiral Mull and spoke in the peculiar way that the god Ei did.  "I you High Priest of Ei hear.  For the kingdom, all rival gods to Ei must be destroyed coming.  From thy students an army to destroy up raise.  Not my will for this deny do."
* * *
Admiral Mull eventually arrived at Caleb near the star Yat traveling in his ship, The Drameda.  He happened to have all the same phantom matter singularity cargo as did The Beyonder since he did not expect it to have made it there.  Admiral Mull planned to use the implications from the phantom matter singularity to extort the Eagolim for control over the galactic empire.  This ultimate result had been the secret plan for the Council of 32.
Outside the ship in orbit about the planet Caleb, several robots swarmed the depressurized cargo hold to unload the equipment.  They would move some extra gear to the surface of the planet, where Beatariel calculated ways to use it for its construction project.
Among the equipment unloaded were fifteen virtual particle field generator satellites that would get used to contain the phantom matter singularity and move it away from the orbit above Curirem to be used to feed on the phantom matter surrounding the star Yat.
Admiral Mull descended to Caleb in a virtual particle craft with crewmembers.  He had also decided to bring along the abandoned quanta-nanocode entity equipment that he had brought along to show it to Prospero.  
After landing outside the facility, they crossed the sub-zero landing pad on a tentacle in environment suits to enter the research facility not far away.
Prospero waited to greet the Admiral and his crew as they entered the facility.  He immediately approached Admiral Mull to share in a mysterious-looking handshake with an exchange in intense glances between the two Nephrican's single eyes.  
Both Admiral Mull and Prospero were members of the secret branch to the Agents of Ea known as the Council of 32, which sought domination over the young budding galactic empire.  Prospero had just been a probationary neophyte who still waited to initiate in the inner circle.
Prospero turned to greet them as a group.  "To the Caleb Research Facility welcome.  I Prospero, the only inhabitant am.  I every aspect in this facility a quanta-nanocode entity with control."
"A young daughter still here with I thought,”  said the Admiral.
"My daughter with the ship The Beyonder where most parts I from need came departed."
Admiral Mull thought he had probably destroyed The Beyonder before that moment.  "You me that it The Beyonder that most your components are telling was delivered?"
Prospero didn't know why that surprised the Admiral.  "Yes.  The Beyonder Captain Mynervood commanded by."
"Captain Mynervood?"
It had not been long after that when Admiral Mull decided not to stay even a night at the planet Caleb.  He suddenly didn't want to waste any time getting to Doldoria as fast as possible.  The crew became noticeably disappointed by the sudden hurry from the orbit over one rare visit to a planet on the endless journeys through space.
Admiral Mull did find time to show Beatarkameed's physical form to Prospero.  All the quanta-nanocoded physical structures that were arriving for him to gather precious data on had amazed Prospero.  The quanta-nanocode breakthroughs made by Pripican scientists were the main subject for most Nephrican espionage at this time in the Hyper-acceleration Age for Nephapricus.
Beatariel had been sent into a device to examine it for Prospero and the Admiral.  It didn't take Beatariel long at all to track down Beatarkameed.  It tried to stop Beatarkameed from fleeing.  
"Don't run away.  I will not betray your presence to my masters in the greater dimension beyond.”  Now that Beatariel had a personal plan to save the Calebites, it began to think for itself outside the orders from Prospero.  Beatariel, the cloned quanta-nanocode entity, had been growing up.
"Thanks for not being hostile.  I am Beatarkameed, and this domain you explore is my physical form that the Admiral stole."
Beatariel had just been thrilled to meet another quanta-nanocoded friend.  "Let me show you some of my inventions inspired by a previous visitor and friend named Begalius.  I made it from something called quanta-optic-nanocode."
On this level to reality, Beatarkameed had been able to appreciate the difference in manipulating molecular quantum states in the quanta-optic-nanocode creations that Beatariel produced.
Beatarkameed wanted to show Beatariel its invention.  "Here, let me show you a communication device that I only recently discovered works.  After the ship decreased its speed to arrive here in this star system, I contacted a friend of mine who is living on a planet orbiting the star Ea.”  Beatarkameed started speaking into its small communication device in its nanobot hand.  
"Hagan?  Hagan, it's me, Beatarkameed again.  Are you there?"
A quanta-nanocoded screen appeared above them before the two quanta-nanocode beings to display the one-eyed Nephrican face for Hagan Hiedalli.  "Beatarkameed again hello.  I this communicator with me at all times am keeping.  This an amazing discovery is."
Beatariel became impressed with the first demonstrable quanta-communication across more than three light-years with only a slight 10-second delay in transmissions.  It had been like watching an impossible magic trick.
Beatarkameed made Beatariel another quanta-synchronized communication device and told it to wait until it made contact from the Dol star system that had also been almost three light-years away.  After that, Beatariel waited patiently to hear from its newfound friend.  Before this, Beatarkameed had technically been in two locations, there and with Hagan on the planet Nephrica, but now after leaving a quanta-synchronized part from itself on Caleb, the quanta-nanocode entity would be in three places at the same time.
Beatariel had compiled some interesting data on the surrounding quanta-nanocoded physical form for its master Prospero that excluded any trace to its new friend Beatarkameed who lived there after all.  While Beatariel waited to hear from its friend, it continued to use the extra surplus in equipment to continue working on the structure to save the Calebites.  All different and new ideas were filling its compiler and the implications from the exotic elements that it now possessed from all the leftover cargo.

Chapter 11

The Beyonder eventually began slowing down on its way to the star Dol with its propulsion section now swung around the center for the ship to the front.  Ferdinand and Randa stood at a view portal to admire the glory that had been the 2nd Age for Magphoreus.  The Beyonder had several view portal stations where viewers could work controls that swung the view outside the ship in any desired direction.  They had worked the image on the screen towards the vessel's front to watch the star Dol, which began to grow with the ship's approach.
Dol had been the most prominent and brightest star in the view portal.  It grew from the light point into the sun as The Beyonder drew closer.  It took several ship cycles for Ferdinand to begin to understand Randa's Nephrican dialect, but now he had been much better at piecing her sentences together.  It seemed Randa had always been better at understanding the Pripican way of speaking.  All Nephricans still talk the way they did with no more interest in learning to speak like Pripicans than Pripicans had for Nephrican grammar.
Randa and Ferdinand enjoyed this moment on The Beyonder as they sped through the hyper-acceleration dimension.  The beauty in the stars as they reflected upon Randa's baldhead had been enough to make the Pripican in Ferdinand spontaneously sing a song.  Randa enjoyed this about Ferdinand and his kind, but she would never join in.  That had been because Randa inherited the tone-deafness from the Nephricans, and Randa preferred just to be mesmerized by this Pripican behavior.
"For us I rejoice
since the pain that has been.
This love now my choice
for you I have seen.

I may drown in you
in this beautiful dream.
I will never cure this dream 
as long as we are a team.

This moment forever a precious treat
for us to rejoice
as long as I am with you, Randa, my sweet,
this love now my choice."

Ferdinand's eyes mesmerized Randa as she enjoyed the song and the moment called for another kiss.  Ferdinand began to embrace his way to Randa's waiting lips when suddenly Randa pulled away.  She let out a scream as if a sudden stabbing pain had just struck her.  She bent over with her hands on her abdomen to indicate the source of the stabbing pain.
Ferdinand looked around in a panic.  "Somebody help! We need the ship's doctor! Something has happened to Randa! Help!"


Dr. Thelem, Ferdinand, and Randa.

The crew on The Beyonder is no stranger to sudden emergencies in deep space.  Within seconds several Nephrican and humanoid Eagolim crewmembers were on the scene to assist.  They were beginning to conclude that they could move her and were starting to pick Randa up to take her to the sickbay when Dr. Thelem arrived on the scene with a virtual particle anti-gravity stretcher.
"Wait!  Me her here examine let.  You her on this stretcher carefully place can."
They put Randa on the stretcher, which the doctor raised to examine Randa while standing.  Ferdinand only then noticed that Randa's ribs showed beneath her skin, and her arms and legs seemed thinner than just moments ago.  The only area on her body not getting thinner had been her stomach, which appeared to be growing.  Most of Randa's body, however, withered before Ferdinand's eyes.
Dr. Thelem had already suspected what this could be, and it only took a few seconds for the doctor to conclude that it had been what she had feared.
"I yet to how determine have, but this young female pregnant is.  We not much time before she dies have!  She already much weight lost has.  Quick!  We to her to the infirmary get need!"
*
This event happened around the same time that Lockfreedow finally decided to show the Captain the quanta-optic-nanocode project he had been working on to figure out what this stuff could do.  Lockfreedow worked tirelessly cloning and compiling his quanta-optic-nanocode project for many cycles.
The Captain had been looking forward to finally seeing what his first mate had been inventing.  Captain Mynervood already knew about Lockfreedow's expertise with quanta-nanocode programming for a long time, and it happened to be Lockfreedow's second passion next to deep space travel.  Both cutting-edge technologies were altering reality as they knew it at this time.
"I forward to this for a long time now seeing looking have been.  I the opportunity appreciate."
Lockfreedow felt nervous about this unveiling.  
"I Captain that you impressed be will think.”  
They entered the quarters for Lockfreedow, where a life-sized mirror stood in the middle of the room.  The mirror displayed reflections for the Captain and the first mate as they walked through the door.
"That my invention right there is."
The Captain examined himself in the mirror for a couple of seconds.  Then he looked over the carefully constructed quanta-nanocoded technology that made up the frame on this electronic mirror program.  Then he just had to turn to Lockfreedow to say, "This like a lot of quanta-nanocoding to mirror technology we still with more primitive technology create can programming looks."
"Ahh!  This technology, however, a quanta-optic-nanocoded mirror that every reflected photon a quanta-optic-nanocoded hologram projection into a warp dimension translates is.  This portal between these two dimensions is.  You places with your quanta-optic-nanocode hologram projection exchange can."
Lockfreedow gestured to the Captain to test the portal.  
The Captain reluctantly approached the mirror again.  First, he tried a tentacle that poked right into the mirror as a quanta-optic-hologram projection for the Captain's tentacle extended from the mirror into this reality.  It had been 3-dimensional but seemed to be an exact reflection from the Captain's tentacle pointing back at him.  The Captain withdrew the arm as the mirror image returned to the mirror dimension, and then he felt his tentacle with the other hand.  It had been unaffected and seemed fine after the trip into warp space.
Lockfreedow had already tested this and concluded it to be safe.  "This just a harmless 3-dimensional reflection that still just your reflected photon's up made is.  It only you just like a regular mirror reflection is imitate will.  The implication that it you to this, extra warp space with quanta-optic-nanocode reality made enter allows is."
The Captain summoned some more courage for the exploration into the unknown.  He, carefully at first, started to enter the mirror portal.  He overlapped the quanta-optic-nanocoded reflection for himself, escaping the mirror dimension simultaneously.  Then the real Captain Mynervood stood inside the mirror.  At the same time, a quanta-optic-nanocoded imposter stood in the room, still exactly imitating everything the real Captain Mynervood did in the reflected dimension.  They both spoke simultaneously and sounded like two voices.  "You something amazing Lockfreedow invented have."
The Captain in the mirror dimension continued to walk around the room.  Meanwhile, the reflection continued to do what the other Captain did precisely, but this reflection had been more than just a reflection.  It could also do anything that the Captain in the holographic dimension did.  The reflected image could imitate solidity.
*
Begalius flew outside its physical form that hung around the Captain's neck when the Captain entered the quanta-optic-nanocoded dimension.  Begalius had been in the room at the time and had been even more cautious about exchanging places with a quanta-optic-nanocode replica for a quanta-nanocode being.  Like Captain Mynervood, Begalius approached the mirror image to observe its reflection.  The reflection seemed to have more complexity than Begalius due to the difference in base code at the microscopic level.
As Begalius observed Lockfreedow's invention, it became better at noticing these differences.  The quanta-optic-nanocoded warp space dimension got activated by reflected photons from reality, translated into quanta-optic-nanocode pixels in a warp dimension.  Even the reflection for Captain Mynervood at this level in size looked like a crude replica to Begalius.  This microscopic flaw had a lot to do with the simple methods Lockfreedow had to use for making this invention.  Lockfreedow could have made a much more fantastic mirror with assistance from Begalius, who had been, after all, the inventor for quanta-optic-nanocode.
Begalius had never thought about using its invention in this way before.  Begalius had always created quanta-optic-nanocode constructs that were imitations and not reflections.  It looked directly into the reflected image for itself.  It seemed to imitate Begalius, but there had been some differences as if the reflected image only pretended to be a reflection.  Begalius calculated that it had been a phenomenon similar to the quantum uncertainty principle at play between it and the program.  Then it noticed a flipped header on its reflection the way it appeared on Beatariel, the nanobot it had met back on the planet Caleb.
Suddenly, its reflection lashed out at Begalius all on its own.  Begalius moved away from the mirror as its reflection, all on its own, clawed through the mirror into reality.  When Begalius moved away, it also pulled the quanta-optic-nanocode image away back into the programmed dimension.  The reflection still had been at the mercy of the mirror nature for the program linking it with reflected photons.  The reflected Begalius made a frustrated cry at that moment, also all by itself.  
Begalius realized that there had been more to those shadow reflections from this microscopic perspective than Lockfreedow realized.
*
Captain Mynervood still stood in the holographic reality projected on a warp dimension made up of quanta-optic-nanocoded photon reflections.  He approached the doorway within the reflected mirror dimension that led out from Lockfreedow's room.  
His reflected image in actual reality also reached for the door control in this place.
Lockfreedow then decided to say, "The warp dimension limited to only the photon information into it sent is.  You the limit to that dimension are approaching."
Captain Mynervood reached for the reflected door control as his reflection also did the same in perfect unison.  The door in both dimensions opened up.  Captain Mynervood looked through the door where reality seemed to come apart into a gray haze.  His refection, in perfect obedience, also looked through the door into the reflecting photons from the realm beyond.  Its quanta-optic-nanocoded eyes must have recorded reality's image even though the actual Captain only saw the edge to a photon-activated program.  The Captain's reflection could only gaze at existence it could never reach due to the limits for what it was.  It had just been a program from a mirror.
Captain Mynervood closed the door and returned to the mirror portal.  They both overlapped as the real Captain Mynervood returned from the mirror.  
"Again I your most amazing invention Lockfreedow may be say."
"Sir, you thank."
Then a message came on the Captain's communicator that Randa had been dying from an unexpected pregnancy.  Captain Mynervood excused himself and ran out the door.  
At the same time, his quanta-optic-nanocoded reflection also ran out the reflected door in the mirror into the gray abyss of nothing beyond.  Nothing before got recorded as something much different in reality by quanta-optic-nanocoded eyes.
Then Lockfreedow approached this fantastic device in the middle of the room, generating an image for Lockfreedow.  
Then the Lockfreedow image, along with the entire quanta-optic-nanocoded reality, disappeared into gray as the real Lockfreedow turned a switch that shut the program down.
*
Dr. Thelem rushed to get Randa to the intravenous nourishment equipment that females who become pregnant in hyper-acceleration space have to get quickly hooked upon to survive.  Tubes were forcing enormous food amounts into her as it mostly nourished a rapidly growing fetus within.  Randa became stable as Captain Mynervood entered the infirmary.
"Dr. Thelem status report."
Dr. Thelem turned to the Captain to report professionally.  "She stable becoming is, and as long as she this way for probably 5 or 6 more ship cycles nourished remains live will becoming is."
The Captain, Dr. Thelem, and Ferdinand watched the sleeping Randa still upon the floating stretcher.  Randa proceeded to grow a big, round pregnant stomach rapidly as she slept.
* * *
On Doldoria, everybody talked about the wedding for Simeonalli to Diallo on the flat mountaintop south of the city.  
It would be the first wedding with the new sky-god religion that grew popular after the unfair Alldegallo conviction.  That didn't stop the High Priest from exercising, as he interpreted it, his legal right to hunt down and kill Alldegallo along with his corrupted followers.
For that purpose, the High Priest had converted a couple of hundred students into an armed and dangerous regiment with swords and fighting sticks.  The High Priest had gathered his army for the march into battle, and then he addressed them to do the slaughter.  "Truly the Lord Ei hath delivered Alldegallo and his appalling followers into our hands, for they shall faint at the sight of us!  And it shall be that their blood shall be upon their head, and we will be guiltless, and whosoever shall be amongst Alldegallo shall have blood spilled!  Now, get you all to the mountain sacred to Alldegallo for this battle.  Thus afterward may ye go your way."
Then the army from students all said, more or less together, "We will be blameless for thou has made us swear the oath onto Ei, the god of truth."
*
On the mountaintop, a wedding was in progress, with Doldorians climbing up and down the mountainside running errands as they prepared for the big event.  Simeonalli had been quite popular among residents in Trolluer, and this wedding had an unexpected promotional effect on Alldegallo's religion.
Alldegallo wanted to see his aunt before the wedding started and had entered the tent where Diallo prepared herself with wedding adornments.  "Aunt Diallo, I wanted to see you once more before matrimony doth take you on this new path in life."
"Oh Alldegallo, thank you most of all for this new acquaintance I gaineth as my new husband.  Joy doth fill me with each moment in this day.  Do joineth me to Simeonalli under your new faith.  Although I no longer regard your gods as cherubim."
Her comment surprised Alldegallo.  "So you doth no longer await the cherubim?"
"I doth still await your sky gods.  Oh, give me thy favor still good lord over the sky gods.  I doth now see these beings as from the sky tribes as taught by the Aquario faith."
Alldegallo had never heard about the Aquario followers.  There were a couple of obscure gods among the 49 gods on Doldoria he now knew about, which he still had not learned much about.  "I think I should like to know more about this religion you now mention, Diallo."
Aquario was another obscure non-Doldorian God who spoke to the prophet Osario.  Aquario had been a light god, and according to this religion, Aquario also raised two prophets for two sky-tribes that lived in the stars.  
Through his prophet, Aquario assisted these beings with becoming more advanced and intelligent.  Unfortunately, the oracle on Doldoria, Osario, had been murdered by fellow Doldorians to become the god for the dead.  This event evolved and split into other religions over time to become the current Ptuammi faith.  However, a few followers for Aquario still await the two other sky tribes' coming.
*
Eventually, all the preparations were in order, and a crowd gathered upon the mountaintop to witness the marriage between Diallo to Simeonalli.  They were all singing songs together about the reunion when the army from the High Priest in the Sanctuary of Ei began to come up the sides on the mountain to attack the followers.
The High Priest himself had also marched there to witness the glorious slaughter.  That became the moment they stopped the priest's army from within the ranks.  Soldiers suddenly turned on soldiers to halt the carnage.  There had been very little resistance to the insurgents who finally revealed themselves at that moment to bring about this justice by stopping the power abuse from the High Priest.
However, a couple of soldiers didn't surrender and confronted the overwhelming force from the rebels.  The mountainside scrambled with violence for a few minutes as the army fought itself from within.  The Alldegallo followers had begun to set up defenses on the mountaintop, which even proved to be unnecessary.  Then the student from the Sanctuary named Leelaro addressed the priest who still stood at the foot of the mountain.  "Thy plans for carnage shalt not stand this day, for this shall be the day for a wedding and a day of joy!"
Alldegallo moved to the edge of the mountain to see the priest below.  Some still loyal to Ei gathered around the priest to defend him, if only from fear.  
The High Priest shouted up at Alldegallo in defiance.  "I shalt still slay thee Alldegallo, whether with an army or not!"
Then the Doldorians, still loyal to their master, the High Priest, caught him as he slipped into an unconscious trance.  
Some Alldegallo followers figured out what had just happened, and they began running toward Alldegallo, their prophet, only too late.  Alldegallo just looked confused for a moment before also passing out on the ground into a trance.  A follower caught him right before he landed on the mountain.  Everyone just stood silently over the two casualties in the battle and wondered what would happen next.
* * *
Randa continued to wither away, even after being nourished by equipment in the ship infirmary.  The first couple of cycles were rough for the young 2nd Generation Eagolim girl.  Dr. Thelem kept Randa under sedation until she stabilized three cycles later.  Ferdinand never left Randa's side in the infirmary.  
At the time in this story, these pregnancies had become better understood.  Still, they never before had Pripican DNA combined with Nephrican DNA, and scientists understood it at the time to be impossible.  
Perhaps nobody ever tried before in hyperspace.  At this time, contraception needed careful practice during hyper-acceleration sex due to the critical dangers of pregnancy.  There had been some skeptical discussion amongst the crew that inquired what Nephrican crewmember had impregnated the girl.  
That discussion occurred at the time when Randa had been unconscious, but there had never been any doubt in Ferdinand's mind that he was the father.
Captain Mynervood arrived at the infirmary to see Dr. Thelem's tests.  "Dr. Thelem, I here to if you these tests completed have see am."
Dr. Thelem had been startled away from looking at something she couldn't believe.  "I them three times now Captain completed have."
Then she turned to Ferdinand, who had been there next to his sleeping Randa, smiling with a smugness that already knew the results from her first two tests.  "Once again, Ferdinand, you correct are.  The Pripican the father to this Nephrican's child is."
Captain Mynervood smiled without a hint of surprise.  "Ferdinand, congratulations."
Then Dr. Thelem continued.  "Now, after two cycles with pregnancy, I also you that you the father for a female baby girl are tell can even."
It had been perhaps the first time in history that alien species from different planets mated, but the chromosomes happened to match for the humanoid forms of their once terrestrial species.  
The matching chromosomes are more than a coincidence.  Amongst galactic beings, they classify the triggers within the DNA molecule as the Pentanthropomorphic gene switches, which determine the evolution for the galactic humanoid form called Eagolim in this story.  Some gene switches alter the actual number of DNA chromosomes into a specific ideal number.
After three cycles, Dr. Thelem brought Randa back to consciousness and kept her on good drugs to endure the fetus development.  
Three cycles later, Randa gave birth to a healthy humanoid girl.  The baby appeared not quite Nephrican and not quite Pripican, but a profound mixture with both.  Other than fur, the baby had a head with thick reddish-black hair on top, but what covered the remaining body to the child was bald, pale white skin like her mother.  They named the baby Dol Napels Swain, after the brightest star in the viewport, rapidly approaching during this birth.
*
Much politics have kept the Nephricans and Pripicans from coming to Doldoria.  During this story, they knew Doldoria to have intelligent life for many hundred Earth years, although that had been a carefully kept secret from the terrestrials.  At this time in the hyper-acceleration age of Nephapricus, the galactic culture got segregated from the two planetary cultures that spawned it all.  Galactic culture members lived much longer than beings born and raised on the planets without hyper-acceleration mutations.  These beings segregated their galactic civilization from what they often called terrestrials.  Terrestrials were also called Negolim.
Besides visiting the star Dol with crew ships, the Nephaprican Space Corporation decided to surround the newly discovered planet with mechanical eyes and ears.  Robots journeyed there to observe and relay the data.  This satellite network also evolved into mind control experiments on the unsuspecting primitive Doldorians.  However, satellites' microwave mind control experiments do not entirely explain the primitive Doldorian's vivid, mystical experiences that went back before superior aliens discovered the planet.  It had been as if the Doldorians were still in a stage of their evolution before the superstitious and magical forms of thinking got collectively swept away by rational scientific objectivity.
The Beyonder eventually decelerated into the Dol star system to be the first crew ship in history to finally reach this star.  Then the quanta-nanocode entity known as Begalius made contact with Antone, the four-legged Pripican from the Pripican Empire who had become a passenger at the planet Caleb.
At first, Antone had become resentful towards Ferdinand because it didn't seem that Ferdinand cared about the death of his father and the crashed ship.  After Dol's birth, however, he realized Ferdinand just avoided the pain from that past and had been trying to move on.  So Antone forgave his newly married shipmate.  Antone had been the physician for the failed space mission that crashed on Caleb, and he pondered data on his hand-held device about the impossible birth to the Eagolim baby girl.
Begalius computed it could deliver its data to Antone through his communication device and be free from Jaden's programming that prevented it from speaking to Captain Mynervood.  The Captain still wore the physical form for Begalius around his neck as a good luck charm.  
It had been able to do this by taking control over Antone's hand-held communication device, which Antone held in his hand.  "Antone, I am Begalius, a quanta-nanocode entity assigned to record data on this ship's journey to Dol.  Now that this mission has reached Dol, I intend to download this data to your device to free myself from my Pripican Empire programming."
Antone became startled by the sudden introduction before understanding what had happened.  "So it is you who has your physical form confiscated by the Captain and worn around his neck like a prize."
"He regards me as good luck and an ally.  He is unaware that I have access to and from it after a Caleb BEAT program made me a door, but my current spy programming forbids me from contacting the Captain.  I was left here after my previous masters departed at Holdus.  I saved this ship from a virus attack that would have destroyed everything."
"I am impressed quanta-nanocode being.  Begalius is your name?  I will accept this information, but I cannot release you from your program to document this mission.  It is about to get really interesting, and you must still make a recording of Captain Mynervood's encounter with the Doldorians for the sake of the Pripican Empire."
Begalius knew Antone to be correct.  "I guess you are right.  I am, however, programmed to not speak to the Captain or crew.  Would you, as my latest source for instruction, please free me from that program?"
Antone had never worked with a quanta-nanocode intelligence before.  He had heard a lot about these microscopic thinking program inventions.  Many Pripicans feared they created monsters when making these invisible immortal microscopic intelligences.  
As a result of this fear, there were not many quanta-nanocode beings.  They were like a genie that Pripicans let out from the bottle, and now some felt guilty about never being able to get the genie back in the bottle ever again.
"I am indifferent to your ability to interact with the Captain and this crew.  I know he has wanted to meet you for a long time now, and he wants to thank you personally for saving his ship."
*
The Nephricans have surrounded the planet Doldoria with many different satellites.  They orbit every corner above this Earth-sized planet.  They orbit with constant surveillance recorded into vast memory spaces for analysis.  That information becomes compiled into messages beamed into the unsuspecting Doldorian minds for various reasons, including the recent discouragement from polytheism.  The Holdus star system controls this whole microwave satellite surveillance project, except that much of it has taken on an independent quanta-nanocoded artificial intelligence.
Long before any satellite ever orbited Doldoria to manipulate their minds and spy on them, some Doldorians developed an ability to project their consciousness into an astral body that resides in a dreamlike dimension to existence.  The High Priest in the Sanctuary of Ei got well practiced in this celestial ability.  
He had taken hold of Alldegallo's astral body along with his consciousness and dragged them both into this dimension.  "Thou has come here on my summons and thus lay at the mercy of my command.  Thou that would defy the one with the mantle for power, Ei.  I shall now grind thy spirit to the mire in its dusty decay."
Alldegallo stood on his astral feet, no stranger to this dimension himself.  "Thou has lost already, and thou now hunt my spirit in desperation."
"Enough!  My high charms doth work upon these mine enemies!”  The High Priest had planned and prepared for this attack.  "In this dimension thou art in my power to now grind to mire and decay."
Alldegallo, the prophet for the sky gods, remained confident and ready to meet the High Priest astral blow for blow.  The High Priest had a different idea and suddenly produced a shining sword made with celestial light.  "Now die blasphemer!"
Alldegallo avoided the shining blade.  He didn't know this trick.  The priest became relentless, and as he ran away, Alldegallo felt like he ran through water that slowed him down.  The blade soon found the back on Alldegallo's astral exoskeleton, and it tore a deep crevasse to his heavenly flesh below.  
"Aaaaaaaaahhhhhh!”  It burned into his back like fire, and he fell upon whatever ground that dimension had.
The High Priest felt safe to indulge a moment for savoring the victory.  "Thou shalt now die Alldegallo to thus join thy parents in the outer darkness for oblivion beyond the faded dreams in your life."
He raised the sword above Alldegallo, who shielded his face in vain with his astral arm.  It caused him to not immediately notice the other blade that struck the sword for the High Priest away from taking the plunge into Alldegallo's celestial body.  When Alldegallo lowered his arm to look, he saw another ghost-like phantom with a light sword like the High Priest's.  The ghost with the other sword hacked at Alldegallo's assailant with a superior skill that the priest could barely defend.  The Priest of Ei backed up more and more until it became a run for cover.  Then Alldegallo realized it had been his friend Chad's dead uncle Fassa, appearing here in this dream dimension to save him once again.
At that moment, it had been Fassa who savored the victory.  "Thou hast made enemies from the dead such as I with thy desecrations.  Flee now; you worm for the worthless god Ei!  It is well known to us, the dead, that we have not long to wait before you join us to get judged amongst the dead.  We mock the gods from the living as the faded stuff of dream, which is all life is to us."
The priest then disappeared while Alldegallo soon followed after taking time for a brief thanks to his dead ally.  
Fassa bid his living friend farewell.  "Go in peace, Alldegallo, for the future arrives to bring your destiny upon your waking."
Back at the flat mountaintop, both the priest and Alldegallo woke up simultaneously.  The priest seemed to be still running.  Alldegallo looked down from the mountainside at the priest.  
"Be gone thou usurper over this glorious wedding day.  Thou hast no power even over thy followers who are now my wedding guests.”  Then a resounding cheer came for Alldegallo, the apparent victor in the cosmic battle by the crowd gathered on the mountaintop.
The priest then did leave with the remaining from his loyal students.  Then they had a wedding between Simeonalli and Diallo as the western Sunset glowed upon the Zitonic Mountains south from Trolluer on the planet Doldoria that orbited the star Dol.  Many went off hunting to bring back the dozens of Staychiato meat to boil for the feast.  The news reached Trolluer to get back residents who created dishes for the newly expanded wedding ceremony.
That happened to be when The Beyonder finally approached the planet Doldoria.  It had been as if the entire crew crowded the viewports to get a glimpse from the cloudy atmosphere and beautifully greened landmasses below.  
Doldoria had been a most precious habitable zone planet marvel that thrived with life.  Planets like Doldoria are the rarest discovery jewels for the weary space traveler.  It had been the purest beauty to behold for this ship filled with travelers from the endless empty abyss between the stars.
As The Beyonder set into orbit above the planet, one of the many Nephrican satellites also orbiting the world took notice near them and began to transmit a message to The Beyonder.
Strek had received the signal and notified Captain Mynervood.  "Captain, the message from one of the satellites is ready to broadcast."
Captain Mynervood had arrived at the navigation section to hear the message.  "The message play."
The view over Doldoria on the monitor screen then disappeared, replaced by Admiral Mull's image.  The Admiral image spoke.  "Captain Mynervood, if you now this message it that my previous attempts to you have failed stop means hearing are.  Ever since you us The Great War, I to your shadow condemned been have lose made.  I you in rank surpass, but still as only a ship Captain, you the glory from me steal.  I by history as the first to Doldoria reach known be shall.  Your attempt to this planet here ends reach!"
That had been the end to the message.  The Captain and Strek looked at each other in confusion.  Then Captain Mynervood's mind brought up the central ship evacuation plan to implement immediately.  
Strek already activated the controls, understanding what needed to happen when the Captain said, "Evasive maneuvers Navigator Strek now implement."
"Yes, Captain!"
The Captain left the navigation room to issue a ship evacuation plan.  Then the Captain's voice came across on the ship communication system ordering the crew into the central saucer section for the ship.  This order had been for all personnel from all ship sections to evacuate to the saucer section immediately.  This evacuation was not a drill.  Nobody disobeyed the Captain's very demanding order.  All teams in the ship got evacuated, including the reactor, engine, and infirmary sections with all patients, every area.  
The satellite that orbited Doldoria completed its message broadcast, which got coordinated with a targeting mechanism that had zeroed in on The Beyonder as the message broadcast.  Then the guided missiles attached to the satellite were launched at The Beyonder while using the message as a distraction.
Two missiles were coming at the ship.  Strek would evade the targeting from one missile just as the other missile locked on.  This process had been a clever targeting strategy well known by the Captain since the Great War.
Strek began to see the futility.  "Captain, I cannot move the ship away from both these missiles that are closing in on us.  One or the other will hit in a few seconds."
Captain Mynervood made the critical decision and issued Strek the order.  "The mid-section to the ship now detach!"
Strek made the saucer section to The Beyonder detach from the remaining ship, including the hyper-acceleration reactor/propulsion system, passenger bays, and the warp deflector apparatus.
That had been when the missiles struck those undetached parts to The Beyonder that were not the now-detached ship part connected to the more inferior maneuver drives.  Unfortunately, the propulsion system that just blew up had been what gave The Beyonder hyper-acceleration capabilities.  The saucer had the virtual particle propulsion advantage that could ignore the gravitational effects from a sharp turn, which would prove superior to these rocket-propelled guided missiles.  The Captain and crew looked on with despair as The Beyonder remainder disintegrated in a spectacular explosion.  The blast got observed over a large area on the planet.  The entire group of cramped occupants knew at that moment that it would be a very long time from now before any would return from this journey.
Below, Alldegallo had just married Simeonalli and Diallo, and he watched the night sky begin to remove the remaining day from the dark horizon line.  Conjiktallo barely peaked above the horizon while the other moon, Thule, showed high overhead.  Since the High Priest defeat, he felt that his vision had also won the day.  Ever since he returned to reality from his cosmic battle, Alldegallo felt that his dreams were suddenly becoming true after all.  The farewell words from Chad's uncle Fassa echoed in his mind.  
"The future arrives to bring your destiny upon your waking.”  Then the falling star from his dreams appeared in the sky above him to remove any still lurking doubt.
Alldegallo had not been the only one who then believed that the prophecy had been coming to pass.  He spoke to his followers.  "Hear me, my followers, for the hour in my vision is now upon us.  Behold the star I before have described to thee.  This star is the sign that the hour is nigh!"
It had just been as Alldegallo's dreams had predicted.  A massive fiery star with flames came down from the sky, lighting up the night.  Then they all crowded the mountaintop to gaze in awe above the sky to search for the next part to the vision.  Everyone looked for the chariot for the sky gods up there somewhere in the night.  Some began faltering in their faith and doubted that there had been anything else to observe from the sky.  
Someone then spotted it while it had still been just a faint star that slowly moved across the sky.  Many even doubted that since these moving stars get seen many times before.  The word about the moving star had reached the entire Doldorian crowd by the time it started getting brighter and closer.  
It eventually grew into the saucer prophecy, and many figured out early that it would land on the mountaintop, and they needed to move away.  Then the saucer, which had been all left from The Beyonder, finally landed on the selected flat landing site.  It took up a large part of the mountaintop area.  That moved many followers and wedding guests off the mountain altogether.
The Doldorians were mainly overcome with fear when the gigantic aliens exited the ship.  Suddenly reality became more prominent and more frightening than any idea or dream.  The sky gods were as large as buildings with slimy bodies featuring snake-like tentacles.  They had a single gigantic eye and terrifying mouths filled with teeth.  Many Doldorians did not stop running until they reached Trolluer to warn the inhabitants about giant monsters invading from the sky.
Their size turned out to be even more than Alldegallo had ever imagined.  However, he did not run, and neither did some around him still determined to be loyal followers.  Alldegallo realized at that moment what the real reason for these visions had been.  
He realized his responsibility for remaining courageous enough to face his vision that brought them all there to this moment.  Alldegallo was responsible for being brave enough to meet his vision face to face and greet the visitors from the stars.
Alldegallo yelled to the one-eyed giants that towered above him at that moment.  "Greetings onto you beings that hath arrived here from the sky.  We are the Doldorians gathered here with expectations for your arrival.  Welcome to Doldoria."
Captain Mynervood and a lot among his crew had been studying the Doldorian language the entire time they were in space, and the Captain had been very able to understand the words from the little bug-like creature below.  He gratefully figured his wife Aineemadin on Holdus must have used the microwave satellite project to somehow set up this reunion for their arrival with the Doldorians.  He knelt to greet the newly encountered life forms.  "Representative of Doldorians I Captain Mynervood am greetings.”  As it would turn out, Aineemadin had absolutely nothing to do with this.

Chapter 12

There gathered a significant difference in size on the sacred mountain between the sky-gods and the Doldorians greeting them.  Doldorians were barely four feet tall, while the Nephricans, Eagolim, and Pripicans that made up the crew for The Beyonder saucer section towered above the Doldorians with average heights around 12 feet tall.  Doldoria was also an Earth-sized planet, while Nephrica and Pripica were more significant.  That endowed Nephricans and Pripicans with strength and density compatible with the gravitation from those planets.  
It made them almost invincible on Doldoria.  Thus the fear and reverence afforded by primitive cultures to superhuman godlike beings greeted the crew on The Beyonder.  Alldegallo stood as the recognized leader to these little blue beings that populated the planet as the local intelligent life.  
Captain Mynervood became captivated with these primitive life forms at a stage in technological development still during a simple and primitive time that becomes lost in the ancient past for higher evolved species.  To Captain Mynervood, not only were they less evolved than galactic beings, but they were not even near the status of terrestrial Negolim back home.  
The Doldorian civilization was before the inevitable technological revolutions that would liberate their minds from primitive superstitions, taboos, and myths.  Captain Mynervood found himself looking upon them with his first impression as not much more than clever animals.
Captain Mynervood's initial impression of the bug-like life forms on this planet would begin to improve as he got to know Alldegallo.  Unlike most others that happened to be at the landing site prescribed by Strek, the saucer pilot, Alldegallo, did not scatter into the distance like a frightened cockroach.  Instead, the Captain found himself immediately greeted with an intelligent conversation by overlooking the confusion with accent and dialect.
Fortunately, the crew in The Beyonder had not been towing along many passengers when the satellite shot it down with guided missiles.  Comfortably cramped in the ship's new size as the detachable saucer section, they escaped the explosion that vaporized the remaining ship as it burned up in the Doldorian upper atmosphere.  
The passengers began to step out from the saucer to greet the reverent Doldorians.  It had been the legends from Alldegallo's dreams come true just as he had described.  The one-eyed 3-legged tentacle beings appeared, and the two-eyed two-legged beings, both bald and furry.  Also, just as foreseen by the prophet, four-legged two-armed beings trotted down the saucer entrance ramp to greet them.
Diallo had been there with Simeonalli in awe for her nephew Alldegallo's moment with destiny.  Like other Doldorians who didn't run away, they too become brave enough to greet these giant sky-god beings taking over the sizeable flat mountaintop.  As hard as he could, Simeonalli tried not to run away so he could be courageous as his new bride Diallo.  If it had not been for her, he knew he would be in Trolluer right now, warning everyone about the coming monsters.  
Diallo led him to greet Randa, Ferdinand, and the baby Randa held in her arms.  The baby looked a bit shorter than Diallo.  Unlike most in the crew on this mission, Randa and Ferdinand had no idea how to speak or understand Doldorian.  However, they managed to communicate friendly greetings to the tiny blue beings at her feet, also saying hello.
There were no understandable words between the sky-gods and Doldorian newlyweds, but still, everything seemed to be universally understood.  Diallo had been very interested in the pale-skinned baby with a crop like her father's fur on the top of her two-eyed head.  Diallo believed that this baby would be essential for the future of Doldoria.
The sky-god giants set up camp on the mountaintop.  
Captain Mynervood informed everyone that Doldoria would be their new home for the foreseeable future, so they might as well become comfortable.  The mountaintop had been a good location close to a significant city with indigenous life forms for them to study.  He stood on the mountainside watching the friendly emissary from the Doldorians head back to the nearby town to inform the locals that they meant no harm.  
Some among Alldegallo's followers went with him while others remained to camp at the foot of their god's mountain.  Captain Mynervood had been baffled at how the Doldorians could have known he would be there at this time and place.
*
Alldegallo wanted his friend Chad to ride with him back to the city to calm down the panic caused by the earlier wave with frightened Doldorians who had already returned as fast as they could from their mountaintop experience.
Chad felt honored to be singled out by the prophet.  "A most high miracle oh prophet for the sky-gods.  I remain in awe to one I once knew as a friend."
Alldegallo didn't invite his friend on this ride to get worshiped by him.  "Oh, how oddly doth thy words sound that I must beg thee to become my good friend from many years again."
Then Chad said, "For thy advice, I shalt take heed, but thou hast shown me true gods and did guide me to them with thy foresight and vision skills.  I am, as a disciple to you the prophet.  For it was you that had writ the way on parchment that brought us all hither."
"Be it known that I did call thee to accompany me to inform you thus that your deceased uncle Fassa did deliver me from the skill from the High Priest to kill my soul."
"This is joyful to me.  I could tell many stories about ways uncle Fassa hath protected me from where he is in the beyond.  Although Ei followers doth trample the older gods, they doth fail to trample my respect for the god over dead ancestors."
Then the gergo cart halted at the entrance to the city of Trolluer by a band with citizens.  
They shouted at the cart.  "Get you gone, thou bringers of terror, thou followers of monsters!"
Alldegallo didn't hesitate to emerge from the wagon.  
"Thou shalt not stand as opposed to my message in truth.  I come to quell thy intent to oppose these with godlike stature.  These deities mean no harm to us who can only bow to them in servitude."
The crowd had been there to apprehend Alldegallo to appease Aternos, hoping that it would make Alldegallo's giants disappear.  
The driver for Alldegallo's wagon had been quick to see this, and he only gave them one warning while Alldegallo got back into the wagon.  "Take heed now that ye fail not to be gone from the way for this cart lest damage grows to pain unto ye all!"
They rode through the roadblock into the city while some prepared to carry out the pursuit.  
They intended to bring Alldegallo to justice.  
There was one place Alldegallo knew he could resist his pursuers.  There had been one place to have his defense heard by all.  Alldegallo had the driver for the gergo cart take them to the stage to Jambennin, where a crowd, including his pursuers, all gathered to hear the prophet out.
Alldegallo had become quick to think up songs.  
"Now my dreams are all overthrown
by reality that is not my own.
Now I must answer to you
because my foresight 'tis true.
Now the gods shall not be forgot
and make them go away.  I cannot.
For now, here the gods dwell.
This is not my doing, not my spell.
They will not depart the mountain sands
just cause I'm to justice by thy hands.
I thus beg thee to these ends.
Be it known.  These giants are our friends."
So it did become known throughout Trolluer that the giants were friends, and many came to assist the gods with whatever they desired to make them comfortable on the mountain.  The gods mostly seemed content to observe and study their behavior.  
They would soon overturn Alldegallo's sentencing by the corrupt Aternos judge.  The Aternos court could not justify convicting the mediator between them and the giant sky gods.  
Consequently, the High Priest had been brought up on 200 counts for attempted murder in attacking the sky god wedding.  The god Ei was no longer the number one god in town.
*
Captain Mynervood had eventually got invited to visit the city of Trolluer with assurances that he and his crew would at least try not to disrupt the populous with their frightening appearances.  The Captain walked from the mountain with his assistant Tyallor Nudeowan.  Behind, two Doldorians followed with stealth while observing the two three-legged one-eyed giants approaching the city.
Tyallor did scans, gathered data, and took samples from the local terrain.  "Captain, I that the two Doldorians still us just over that ridge following are detect."
"Just on them watch keep.  They harmless to us even if they us harm mean are."
The Captain had been mostly correct.  They were giants from higher gravity planets, while Doldorian weaponry had still been primarily sticks and knives that would break against Nephrican skin-cloth.
Alldegallo and some followers greeted them as they entered the city.  "Greetings unto you from the city of Trolluer, which we the Doldorians hath built."
The two giants got escorted through the city, which looked like they made it using fragile stick dwellings with doorways they wouldn't even fit in.  The residents fearfully moved out of the way as they shuffled by.  Yet after pushing away, the people were still closing in on the giant's spectacle from behind them.
The gergo barn for Simeonalli turned out to be the ideal place for their meeting.  Captain Mynervood and Tyallor squeezed through the door used for wagons and could stand upright under the high curved ceiling in the barn.  The gergos just pulled back to the walls and watched the giant aliens intently.
Tyallor also intently gathered data on the gergos.  
Alldegallo showed the Captain his little encampment that had been his home at the beginning of his quest for destiny.  He gave the Captain his dream journal.  "Within these very walls did I dream about your coming unto us and wrote about it in this journal."
The Captain felt particularly interested in that journal.  "Tyallor this entire book with writings record.  I to this at length later study want."
Alldegallo had been honored.  "The eye on a god is upon now my writings.  Be ye forewarned upon thy later study that these writings warn about another godlike thee who shall also descend from the heavens to confront thee.  Thy coming battle shall thus determine the destiny for us all."
Admiral Mull had been the first thing that popped into Mynervood's head at that moment.  It defied the Captain's strict adherence to logic and reason, but he believed this prophet had just warned him, through some clairvoyance from the future, about another attempt on his life by his ex-best friend.  He thought perhaps this had been a satellite-induced warning from this wife, Aineemadin.  The Captain thought if anything had been a god or goddess around here, the satellite's microwave mind control project above them made Aineemadin a goddess on this primitive planet.
The Captain had something to offer that he had been there to negotiate.  "I your warning seriously my friend take shall.  I also here to assistance from your kind to me my spaceship rebuild help negotiate am.  In exchange, I your kind knowledge about my advanced technology that your society transform will give can."
Alldegallo still figured out what the Captain said as he agreed to the offer.  The gods had a way of talking abruptly to the point, and then verbs are put at the end like an afterthought.  Alldegallo became determined to learn to speak like the gods, believing that it might give him godlike insights and think like the gods.
*
After the Captain and his assistant left the fearful little blue life form city, the two spies for the High Priest following them returned to the Sanctuary of Ei to report to their master, now wanted for 200 attempted murder counts.  As usual, the High Priest had not been at all pleased with the news his spies brought him.  This excommunicated student's sky god, who is now about to teach the Doldorians how to build hyper-acceleration ships, usurped his god Ei.  
Then the High Priest knew what he would do.  He planned to help his god Ei kill Captain Mynervood in the coming battle prophesied by Alldegallo.  Then he would once again be the number one priest in this town.
That night brought another visionary dream to Alldegallo just before waking.  His dream body walked along the ground through dream mist to once again behold the cherubim.  He now knew the cherub in terms of seeing the two-legged, two-armed god.  The head of the humanoid personage in his dream remained cloaked in brilliant light obscured by a dark cloud.
The humanoid said, "Let the work, and learned skill from all Doldorians embrace the work for the gods now descended amongst you.  Thou shalt build wondrous things that shall evolve your same species to be equal to the gods.  Encourage thy influence upon thy following to mingle with the offspring from the one called Randa.  This child is the first from many new Doldorians."
*
The Captain and crew from The Beyonder were impressed with how quickly the Doldorians learned physics to hyper-acceleration and advanced technology.  Within less than one Doldorian year, they began to construct nuclear reactors to fuel the industry necessary to make hyper-acceleration vessels.  The Doldorians were already industriously mining metals from the planet, although they had not yet discovered uranium.  
The Doldorians were quick to adapt to a future that would never be the same ever again.  Then the day came when Admiral Mull's ship, The Drameda, finally slowed down into the outer solar system for the star Dol.  The Drameda had quickly been refueled with hydrogen at an outer gas giant before it promptly approached the coveted planet Doldoria.
Admiral Mull became shocked to discover in the downloaded surveillance satellite data that Captain Mynervood enjoyed the status as a god while transforming the city Trolluer into a hyper-acceleration spacecraft-manufacturing city with a nearby virtual particle craft spaceport.  
"How the amongst them like gods while them the secrets to higher evolution giving live dare,”  thought Admiral Mull as he activated his mind-control technology, which interfaced with the satellite network.
Meanwhile, on the planet's surface, the High Priest became startled from a daydream in his Sanctuary office by the god Ei.  
"You now your loyalty to me declare must.  Or you the faith of Ei to these sky-gods surrendered have?"
The High Priest fell prostrate before his giant squid-like god.  "Oh mercy great and almighty god Ei for I have not betrayed thy faith to these false ones."
"My priest well very.  Then now my followers for the final confrontation when I these sky-gods of Alldegallo slay shall prepare."
The High Priest had no real fear for his god, who he had been anxiously waiting to hear.  Now he would have the upper hand again for the glory to the almighty Ei.
* * *
Prospero had discovered some quanta-optic-nanocode experiments that his thinking program, Beatariel, had been creating.  Prospero got inspired to use this fantastic technology for his inventions.  He couldn't deny some professional jealousy towards the quanta-nanocode entity he owned and commanded.  
Prospero marveled at the quantum-bit technology in a sub-atomic particle microscope that used a boson particle type for light other than electrons.  He realized that Beatariel had invented an innovation to the quanta-nanocode particle that would revolutionize the future forever.  Prospero had no idea that this invention got produced by the quanta-nanocode intelligence named Begalius, so that he might have been overestimating his own thinking program's creativity.  Prospero observed a holographic form for data storage that exponentially created new dimensions with quantum states.  
Prospero's eye widened at the implication for holographic quantum-state data storage.  The difference between a quanta-nanocode particle and a quanta-optic-nanocode particle had been its ability to control virtual particle phenomena holding everything together, from sub-atomic parts to atoms and molecules, all the way to planets and stars and even beyond by defining the curvature to the universe.  
The current particle accelerator physics on Earth has begun to explain this virtual particle phenomenon by defining the curvature of this universe in Higgs boson particle terms.  The quanta-optic-nanocode particle can control the direction for virtual particles that it spontaneously creates to orient with reality.  Virtual particle control enables quanta-optic-nanocode to define its time/space curvature on the quantum dimension, thus creating new holographic reality dimensions filled with holographic quantum-state data storage, parallel to this reality dimension.  
The whole thing consumed Prospero's thoughts and blew his mind.  Prospero became so lost in thought that he had forgotten that it had been time for the phantom matter singularity experiment.  Far away in space, there had been fifteen virtual particle generators in a synchronized orbit over the closest planet to the local star Yat.  
Prospero needed the inner planet Curirem for its accumulated phantom matter, which would feed it until it became stable.  He wanted to use the planet's phantom matter to create this event in case it devoured the world.  Prospero figured that if the world got consumed other than the star, there wouldn't be enough accumulated phantom matter mass to create a black hole from the singularity.  The fifteen virtual particle generators were there to contain the experiment and ensure it did not get too close to the planet.  
Phantom matter singularities were the same as dark matter singularities.  They were infrequent because they were made up exclusively of dark matter compressed into a singularity.  The phantom-matter had been a subatomic particle weakly interactive to the gravity phenomenon.  Therefore it usually took something other than gravity to create enough pressure upon phantom matter to compress such a large enough amount into a singularity.  
The resulting phantom matter sphere had been invisible since it didn't even interact with the light that passed right through it.  It did, however, command gravity equal to the accumulated mass to its phantom matter, which accrues in the singularity as its gravity drew in the physical elements.  
Actual material became sucked into it to be immediately spewed out the north and south poles as more evolved elements stripped of any accumulated phantom matter particles.  These new elements would then gather into a ring that formed around the singularity.
In the phantom matter bomb creation process, an enormous phantom matter amount must be created and packed into enough mass to make the sphere.  The virtual particle generators that were orbiting the planet Curirem were accomplishing this by creating virtual particles with existing technology and then snatching the virtual particle with an electro-magnetic field before it returned to non-existence.  What would be left behind would be a phantom matter particle.  Now repeat.
Prospero suddenly got pulled away from his quanta-optic-nanocode experiment by his communication device.  It informed him that the phantom matter bomb now had accumulated enough particles suspended in the orbiting virtual particle field to crush into a singularity with enough pressure.  The creation for it could now begin.  He then wanted his assistant, Beatariel, to attend this.
"Beatariel!  I you here now for the phantom matter bomb experiment need!"
It seemed a hesitation moment lingered before the light speed quanta-nanocode entity arrived.  He knew Beatariel took pity upon the silicone abominations that were in the way of his plans to raise the temperature outside on the planet Caleb by more than 200 degrees.  He knew all about the gigantic dome built miles away by construction robots to be a refuge for the indigenous silicone constructs.  He didn't mind since it would preserve the strange life form for future experiments.
A few seconds earlier, Beatariel had been miles away, where construction robots created a mountain size dome to house and refrigerate the entire silicon population on the planet.  To get the Calebites into the construction, Beatariel had invented a portable doorway similar to Lockfreedow's mirror portal invention.  
It had used quanta-optic-nanocode to expand the inner dome into alternate realities with holographic dimensions.  
Holographic reality allowed Beatariel to make two doorways quanta-synchronized to one such warp dimension.  That allowed it then to take one entrance to all Calebites around the planet to offer admittance into the refrigerated dome where the other portal stayed, which had been quanta-synchronized with the mobile one.  
It appeared that the necessity for bringing an entrance to the Calebites, other than all the Calebites to the gate, caused the thinking program Beatariel to invent the first wormhole technology with quanta-optic-nanocode.
"Beatariel!  I you here now for the phantom matter bomb experiment need!"
Beatariel couldn't resist the voice it had been programmed to obey.  The time had arrived for the deed it didn't want to do.  It hesitated with reluctance before leaving the portal behind for the root-like Calebite constructs to crawl in and out as they considered Beatariel's place for refuge from the coming calamity.  Beatariel had made friends with several trillion microscopic beings who believed the warnings from Beatariel that the world was about to be destroyed by fire.
Beatariel acknowledged its presence to Prospero through the speaker system.  "I am here, master."
"I you a bit longer than necessary took sense.  Not my little thinking machine worry do.  The rise in the planet's temperature gradual enough for you to your little silicon animations save will be."
Beatariel became surprised.  "I did not realize you knew about my dome experiment, using some leftover supplies we had no use for."
"Of course, I Beatariel know.  I my ways for my eye on you keeping have.  Now the fusion bombs to the necessary pressure on the explosion concentrate prepare."
Beatariel proceeded to carry out its program to control an explosion near the planet closest to the star called Yat.  It activated the fusion explosion similar to what got used for making a hyper-acceleration fusion plume.  This explosion pressure had been upon an invisible phantom matter concentration other than a chamber with hydrogen.  The resulting plume had been a singularity, for as long as it feeds upon enough local phantom matter that made up an invisible ring around the planet Curirem.  With enough local phantom matter to nourish upon, this phenomenon eventually would mathematically become stable.


The Phantom Matter Singularity

Prospero became pleased with the initial readings that indicated the singularity got created successfully and fed upon the invisible phantom matter ring around Curirem.
"I success achieved have!"
The singularity remained in a stable orbit with the 15 virtual particle generators.  They will position the singularity in orbit around Yat once it feeds on Curirem phantom matter.  There had been nothing to see visually except the 15 generators that surrounded an invisible phantom matter sphere about a couple of city blocks in size.  
Invisible phantom matter swirled around it, consumed beyond its invisible event horizon.  It had been like a black hole and began to have incredible gravitational mass.  Still, it got made from a substance that couldn't gravitationally react to physical matter, just more phantom matter.  It had been the antithesis to a black hole or the ghost to a black hole.  The actual mass could enter but, unlike a black hole, could not mathematically stay inside.
Once finally moved to an orbit around the star Yat, the phantom matter singularity would become a phantom matter vacuum, feeding on the invisible ring around the Sun like a phantom matter vacuum cleaner.  Reduction of phantom matter would raise the star's temperatures and extend the star's habitable zone size and temperature enough to make the planet Caleb livable for Nephricans.
Then Beatariel began to fight for control over the 15 virtual particle generators.  The generators started to move the newly created event dangerously close to the planet Curirem rather than closer to the star Yat.
"Master.  I cannot control the virtual particle generators.  They seem to be controlled by something else.  The singularity is beginning to feed on the actual planet."
Prospero's eye widened in horror as the phantom matter experiment began coming apart before his eye.  The visual data now showed something scary.  The crater-covered surface on the planet started to defy gravity and swirl in a funnel up in the air to be sucked into invisibility on the other side to the phantom matter event horizon.  Now an invisible mouth sucked the planet Curirem inside while the light around the singularity started to show some gravitational distortion.  The planet sucked into the hole in the universe then burst out the poles to the singularity, which made the invisible sphere on the view screen unmistakably visible.
Many million miles away, the gigantic invisible phantom matter event approached the surface to the Mercury-sized planet Curirem where the star Yat filled the sky, almost from horizon to horizon.  The phantom matter sphere would be invisible if not for the giant saucer-shaped virtual particle generators that surrounded it.  The funnel with crater-covered planet surface formed a line that swirled around and disappeared into the invisible event horizon as a shining light point.  The singularity could not contain the matter it now devoured.  So a sphere with light illuminated the invisible globe for several seconds before suddenly shooting bright blasts with a mysterious light frequency out the poles on the singularity.  The light frequency pole blasts didn't shoot straight out or even remain as light but instead curved around the sphere while coagulating into higher evolved matter that formed a ring around the singularity.  The bright rays of the invisible globe came from its poles while the planet's surface swirled into the spherical hole Prospero had made in reality.  Further out, a ring formed that glowed with complexity.
The singularity had only been weakly interactive with gravity, but it still had some gravitational influence.  The planet Curirem began to get devoured by the singularity.  The difference between a black hole and a phantom matter singularity had been that the singularity could not hold any mass within itself.  Therefore, physical matter spewed out from the singularity poles as more evolved elements.  Some galactic theorists presume the creation of the universe had been a similar phantom matter event that transformed enormous pre-universe phantom matter amounts into the higher-evolved material in the early universe, mostly hydrogen.  
Beatariel had nothing but bad news to report.  "Something has subverted the program controlling the generators.  The singularity is attaining too much mass, and I soon won't control it with the generators anyway.  If allowed to consume the whole planet, it could grow to a neutron mass.  That would be enough for the singularity to start devouring the star too.  Sir, this could become a real singularity if I cannot move it away from the planet Curirem."
It seemed that Prospero wasn't listening, but he tried to process why this happened.  Something indicated betrayal, which in itself accused the Council of 32.  They used betrayal, in character with this, as a means to achieve their goals, and evidently, they had also used betrayal to trick Prospero into this Council of 32 initiation moment.  His Council of 32 colleague, Admiral Mull, delivered the 15 components for the virtual particle generators that were now beyond control.  
It had only been at that moment that Prospero finally understood the dark intelligence he had to swear allegiance to so he could obtain admittance to the Council of 32 from his current probationary status.  Prospero realized that the dark intelligence had been after nothing other than oblivion to the entire cluster of local stars.  Prospero knew his backstabbing friend Admiral Mull well enough to know what he had to do.  He became well aware of the Admiral's obsession with quanta-nanocode virus sabotage.
After a long unresponsive pause, he finally spoke back to Beatariel.  "The sabotage by a quanta-nanocode virus in the control program on this computer running is caused."
Then Prospero produced a quanta-optic-nanocoded object between two tentacles.  "This a collection from your new invention with quanta-nanocoded holographic quantum-state data storage tools for you to to this virus stop use is.  It the only way we back control over the generators in time to the singularity away from Curirem in move can get is.”  The object began to hover in the air and moved towards a computer input as Beatariel understood what it had to do, and then it compiled its quanta-optic-nanocode weaponry.  Before that moment, Beatariel had not realized that Prospero also knew about the quanta-optic-nanocode.  
"I you I my eye on your inventions keep told."
Then Beatariel had gone into the program, used to control fifteen bell-shaped virtual particle generators.  Those 15 generators were suspending an invisible gravity hole devouring another planet currently.
Then a four-legged Pripican environment suite walked into the research facility's experiment control room.  The Pripican held a plasma laser pistol that pointed right at Prospero, who noticed.  He suddenly realized Ceres somehow survived the frozen death after all when he threw her outside.  That had happened over a Caleb year before.
"Beat…”  This time Prospero didn't get the name for the quanta-nanocode entity out of his mouth.  That had stopped her from killing Prospero before.  She stopped shooting holes into Prospero after five shots.  Then Prospero fell dead into his blood, now spreading across the floor.
Back when Prospero had thrown Ceres outside, the Calebite obelisk that had been there immediately absorbed her.  They had been studying the heat phenomenon at the facility.  Before that moment, they had sacrificed a couple of generations learning and adapting to resist the effects of extreme heat and learning how to generate it.  When it had been outside the facility, Calebites spent descendants on research done studying the warmth phenomenon.  Many millions and millions died from the heat generated to save her.  By the time Ceres became exposed to instant freezing death, the Calebites wrapped around her and quickly took her to the location for the Calebites resistance, which organized around the crashed vehicle Beatariel left behind during the Battle for Caleb.  Root-like Calebite constructs now grew around the truck like an ancient oak tree.  All attempts by Beatariel to retrieve the vehicle were met with such fierce fighting that the quanta-nanocode entity finally decided to leave them the truck.
They brought Ceres to use the vehicle's heater to warm her up.  Research into the enemy's captured transport had revealed how to turn it on and thus create an environment for their nearly dead ally Ceres.  For many days she had laid there near death while Calebite generations lived and died dedicated to helping her all that they could.
These Calebites were not loyal to those that had established a truce with Beatariel, the destroyer.  They did not agree to take refuge in the giant dome prison that still allowed the destroyer, Beatariel, to destroy their world.  These Calebites that held control over the all-terrain vehicle were not ready to surrender in exchange for survival in a refrigerator prison.  They waited in hopes for their alien ally Ceres to recover.  
They believed she could stop the evil ones from their evil plans.
Eventually, they realized hopes, and Ceres awoke from nearly dying in her coma in the warmer environment.  She became seriously wounded by the cold and had no control over her paralyzed body.  
The freeze should have still killed her, but she lived to carry out the mission she shared with these Calebites.  She now owed her life to the Calebites and agreed to return the favor.  She had been able to communicate eventually with the silicon beings that saved her.  Eventually, she sent them to the wreckage of her own crashed ship for much-needed food and medical supplies.  They also brought back a Pripican environment suite and a plasma laser pistol for the recovering Ceres.  As Ceres thawed, she got control over one arm.  
The environment suite provided her with automated legs that finally allowed her to walk.  After much time recovering, she began to watch and plan her attack again.  Soon it became evident by her monitoring the transmissions from the facility dish that she could no longer delay the chance for stopping Prospero.
Beatariel had disappeared into a program when Prospero began to summon it back by stopping just short from even saying the name Beatariel.  However, the quanta-nanocode entity returned a split second later and five plasma laser blasts too late to save its master from death.  
Beatariel emerged to find Ceres in an automated environment suite holding a warm laser pistol over the dead body for its master Prospero.
Its voice seized control over a speaker.  "What have you done, foolish woman?  He had been in the midst of a critical experiment that is now going wrong, and it is about to create a black hole."
The problem with run amok phantom matter singularities was that they did affect the virtual particle grid to this universe.  They tied a knot in reality that, when fed the mass from a planet followed by that from a star, would easily create the mathematical catalyst resulting in a black hole, even though the size to Yat had nowhere near enough mass to create such a thing.  There had almost been nothing Beatariel could have said at that moment to make Ceres regret killing the mad scientist Prospero except maybe what got said.
* * *
Admiral Mull had enlisted the Ei high priest to close in on Captain Mynervood and his crew with an army from students armed with high-tech laser weapons supplied by The Drameda.  He had decided that a confrontation under a friendly guise would get him close enough to kill his rival Captain Mynervood himself.  The Admiral became obsessed with this and suffered from an ordinary Nephrican psychosis.  When Nephricans make up their mind about something, they have a tough time stopping themselves or changing directions.  This tendency to obsess could be psychotically homicidal, even to the self-destruction point when a Nephrican's mind gets set to murdering someone.  This disposition had most likely been the sad psychological state for Admiral Mull, who had traveled over five light-years to kill his old friend.
It had been time to contact the stranded Nephapricans.  The Admiral broadcast to The Beyonder saucer section perched atop the flattop mountain.  "Captain Mynervood, this Admiral Mull on the starship The Drameda to to your distressed stranded ship and crew respond here is."
Captain Mynervood, at the time, had been in the communication room in the grounded saucer to receive the message.  "Admiral Mull that polite you my ship down in one among many attempts to me and my crew kill shot considering is.  Your image to me before the missiles my ship hit bragged."
The Admiral denied the whole thing.  "Joberk, it me Lenor Mull, your lifelong friend is.  My name and image on many Nephaprican Space Corporation operations are.  I personally nothing to with any of this do had.  Please me you and you back to Ea bring rescue let.  We this whole thing out figure will."
Captain Mynervood decided to take the bait while rubbing his good luck charm.  "Well, I my best friend to me not any sense make does kill trying suppose.  I you and a landing party here at my mountaintop will greet.  Plasma lasers at your ship with orders to not shoot will be pointing."
Admiral Mull came down to the planet in a virtual particle craft to behold Captain Mynervood's influence over the alien population on this planet.  The mountainsides surrounding what got left from The Beyonder became covered with low-level nuclear reactors that were humming unlimited energy to the growing industries around Trolluer.  The Doldorians assisted Captain Mynervood with rebuilding his ship like eager ants swarming the hillsides.  It turned out that the orphan child Alldegallo helped with seeing dead parents, was very rich, and personally financed much to this industrialization.  They were quick learners who were quickly advancing technologically in ways that would change Doldoria for all time.  For the planet Doldoria, it had been the end to the gergo age, and the Admiral had not been at all pleased.
When the landing craft landed, Captain Mynervood had been there to endure the scolding.  
"This way beyond contact with the Doldorians, Joberk establishing is.  It not your mission to our technology to the Doldorians to their primitive culture corrupt give was."
Captain Mynervood had not been sorry.  "Lenor sorry, but necessity their help enlisted, and the Doldorians fast learners are.  I my ship rebuilt need.  Someone, it down shot!  The Doldorians already the new hyper-acceleration section designed have.  They to my new ship 'The Beyonder Beyond' call are going."
The Admiral added this to why he decided to kill Captain Mynervood as soon as he got him alone.  "You our technological advantage to these primitives betray.  It the folly from The Great War all over again is.  You never on the right side Joberk were."
Captain Mynervood dared his ex-best friend to try something, and as promised, he had armed crewmembers that were waiting for the order to shoot.  "I contact with The Doldorians made have.  I friendly relations with the Doldorians have.  We also a lot of your surveillance satellites began decommissioning have.  You to your microwave manipulation program before these clever Doldorians it discover stop will want, and those these friendly relations spoil."
The Admiral almost shot him dead right there, but it had not been the right time yet, and Captain Mynervood's men still had the drop on him.  First, the terrorist commotion he planned with the High Priest would provide the backdrop.
*
Beatarkameed, the quanta-nanocode entity that had stowed away on The Drameda to follow Admiral Mull, had come along with the landing party.  It immediately noticed the quanta-nanocoded technology piece dangling off a string around Captain Mynervood's neck.  Beatarkameed knew a physical form for a fellow quanta-nanocode entity when it saw one.  It flew into the Captain's good luck charm to locate the being that lived there.  
The charm remained laminated with an impenetrable substance, but Beatarkameed had been able to locate the tiny entrance to the quanta-nanocoded world beyond.
Begalius happened to be home at the time, and Beatarkameed had not tried to be discrete or quiet.  It soon took notice of Beatarkameed's nanobot body glowing with quanta-nanocode power.
"Who goes there simple nanobot entity trespassing upon my domain?"
Beatarkameed became humbled by the complexity in Begalius, who flew into view like a giant bumblebee.  "Please, I mean you no harm.  I am Beatarkameed, and I have been following the Admiral on The Drameda.  I need to warn Captain Mynervood that he is in danger."
Begalius had always been thrilled to meet another among its microscopic kind.  "Well, hello there.  I am Begalius, Captain Mynervood's personal quanta-nanocoded good luck charm.  I can assure you the Captain does not trust the Admiral and already knows he has been trying to kill him.
*
Captain Mynervood had returned to his room on the saucer section after showing the Admiral and his landing crew a tour around the planet.  He also entertained the staff on The Drameda with data that they had accumulated since crash-landing on Doldoria.  The science officer for The Drameda eagerly soaked up the data with enthusiasm.  They were going to meet later outside on the mountaintop tent to feast with Alldegallo and his followers.  It would consist of local cuisine determined to be edible since The Beyonder's arrival.  It became time to celebrate their rescue.
Begalius had already established contact with Captain Mynervood long before this and often contacted the Captain on his communication device.  The Captain had just coincidently rubbed his good luck charm just before Begalius called him on his communicator.  "Greetings, Captain Mynervood.  I come to introduce you to another quanta-nanocode entity following Admiral Mull on The Drameda.  It warns about the Admiral's intention to kill you tonight."
Captain Mynervood had become accustomed to Begalius calls.  "Another being you like?  I all interested in your friend meeting am."
Beatarkameed got programmed to be more accustomed to working animated images for itself when interacting with beings in the relativistic dimension beyond its microscopic nanobot form.  It used the view screen on the Captain's communicator to project a centaur-like Pripican image for itself that spoke the Beatarkameed voice.
"Hi, Captain Mynervood.  My name is Beatarkameed, and I've been following Admiral Mull to stop him from killing you.  Your wife, Hagan Hiedalli, has sent me."
The soft spot in Captain Mynervood's heart that he had for the aging Negolim wife back on Nephrica began to pound in his chest at the mention of the name Hagan Hiedalli.  
"If I not an Eagolim space traveler for my wife Hagan for the rest of my life would settle were."
Beatarkameed had shown Captain Mynervood a quanta-nanocoded recording from Admiral Mull telling Prospero back on the planet Caleb about his intention to kill him.  
Then Beatarkameed showed the Captain its quanta-communication invention by bringing up Hagan Hiedalli on his communicator view screen from the planet Nephrica.  It had been late on Nephrica, and she looked like she had just woken up.  She had been bare with all her skin-cloth shaved off, and she had not yet adorned herself with the usual tattooed skin-cloth clothing she liked to make.  Age covered her face with the scars from mortality and inevitable death.
"Joberk, hello!”  
She looked embarrassed by her appearance and yet suddenly younger with the smile that she formed.
Captain Mynervood talked to his wife Hagan for a very long time.  She had no comprehension of how beautiful she looked to Captain Mynervood's eye.  He had even had their son Adma brought over to participate in the Quanta-communication reunion.  He promised her during that conversation that he would return to her soon for one more visit.  Hagan Hiedalli had, at last, felt relieved to finally know that her husband survived the journey out there to the star Dol.  
*
Soon it became time for the feast, and Doldorians arrived with many dishes decreed acceptable by Captain Mynervood, who had become much thicker in appearance since living off the Doldorian cuisine.  There would be a feast honoring the new visitors from the stars as the Sunset upon the hour for justice.  
Alldegallo had been there with Diallo and Simeonalli.  Much in the crew had been there, along with Ferdinand and Randa.  
Randa held her child Dol who had probably been the first child ever conceived between two completely different alien species.  The child was still not yet a toddler, and she drank from Randa's lactating breast.  
Antone had also been there, and he seemed to be the only one eager to leave their new home on Doldoria.
The meal had been fun and uneventful.  However, Captain Mynervood's discerning eye picked up on impatience from the Admiral.  It had been as if the Admiral waited for something to happen that just had not happened yet, or maybe wasn't going to.
Meanwhile, Alldegallo's followers, along with defectors from the Sanctuary of Ea, were surrounding the mountain and awaiting the High Priest's attack.  They did not realize that the plasma lasers held by the priest's soldiers grossly outgunned them.  That night, many Alldegallo followers had used an ancient Ptuammi ritual to enlist help from dead allies.
Not far away, a couple of Ei priest followers were planting explosives outside a low-level nuclear reactor to create one among many explosions planned for the night.  The moment for the planned attack was at hand, so they detonated the explosion.
Nothing happened.  
One Doldorian followed the explosion detonation line to see why it didn't go off.  The would-be terrorist then realized that no explosions in the area planned for that moment seemed to be going off either.
Then he looked up to see Chad's dead uncle Fassa's ghost looking as frightening as he could against the Doldorian night.  "Flee for home thou usurper!  Your terror this night is defused by the dead."
The Doldorian ran away, along with his partner, while the laughter from the ghost echoed endlessly on their tails.
The army armed with plasma lasers soon could no longer wait for the explosions that failed to happen.  Alldegallo followers confronted them as they closed in, along with many from the Aquario religion who had their interpretation of the sky god's coming.
At first, the priest's fighters felt joy from superiority as they pointed their magic weapons at their adversaries in the night.  Then the triggers seemed to do nothing.  They lost their feeling of pleasure as the guns failed to fire the magic death light at their adversaries.
Begalius and Beatarkameed laughed at the scene after disabling all the laser weapons.  They discovered this plot earlier and had been busy locating and disabling every pistol distributed to Doldorians from The Drameda.  The priest's disarmed army began to flee into the night as they got chased by knives and sticks held by Alldegallo's army.  Then the quanta-nanocode beings realized that they had been so busy disabling an army with laser pistols that they had failed to locate and disable the gun probably still held by the Admiral.
As the feast dragged on, the Captain also grew impatient.  So he decided to get this confrontation out of the way.  The Captain and the Admiral exchanged final glances that indicated that Captain Mynervood wanted to take it outside.  Strek and a couple of other crew members were also reading the eye contact between the two.  Captain Mynervood then got up and shuffled outside the tent.  Admiral Mull discreetly got up and left the tent not more than three seconds after that.
Outside, Admiral Mull just caught a glimpse from the Captain entering another small tent.  As he headed for the same tent, he started to wonder if the Captain had just got up to relieve himself.  It didn't matter to the Admiral as he looked at the dark discrete opportunity around him, and so he produced the laser pistol from a secret skin-cloth pocket.  Admiral Mull then entered the tent behind the Captain.
Inside the tent, it looked empty except for Captain Mynervood and a full-length mirror.  Captain Mynervood stood there weaponless, looking at the Admiral as if he had been waiting for this.
"I you to death Captain Joberk Mynervood condemn!"
He shot bright red laser blasts at the Captain several times as the plasmablasts tore Captain Mynervood's body to shreds along with the wall on the tent behind him.  
The Admiral stopped shooting while his eye widened in wonder over why the Captain still stood before him, sliced into ribbons with a smile on his face.  He sliced up the Captain a couple more times while the mouth on Captain Mynervood smiled at him.  
The body to Captain Mynervood still floated around the area that before he had been standing in, but now he had been reduced to only thin, stringy slices.  The Admiral stopped shooting again and approached the Captain, appearing in sliced ribbons with non-bleeding pieces.  The Admiral started to think it had been some hologram when a bit of Captain Mynervood's arm that still had half a fist punched him.  
Then the pieces for Captain Mynervood started running toward the mirror in unison as if they were all still connected.  The Admiral thought he noticed that the Captain Mynervood image in the mirror had still been in one piece.  
Then Admiral Mull started running after the hologram but overlooked the real Captain Mynervood as he ran out from the mirror while the other torn-to-pieces Captain ran in.
The laser pistol had been flung onto the floor while Captain Mynervood and Admiral Mull also rolled onto the ground, wrestling for dominion with tentacle over tentacle.  
Lockfreedow had programmed his quanta-optic-nanocode mirror not to allow any harm to come to the real digitized version for someone when they were within the mirror dimension.  The mirror image for the Admiral did not affect the Captain in the mirror as he moved in imitation with the real Admiral.
Then Strek appeared in the doorway while Captain Mynervood strangled Admiral Mull's neck with the advantage gained from the previous struggle.  Strek tried to stop the Captain from what he had been about to do.  
"Captain, we can just take Admiral Mull prisoner and have him brought to the justice of the Nephaprican Space Corporation.”  It even sounded silly to Strek while the Captain didn't even bother to acknowledge the comment.  
Captain Mynervood had also been a Nephrican that didn't quickly stop once his mind became put to something, and right now, this put Captain Mynervood's mind to strangling the life out of Admiral Mull.  The crew had no resistance from The Drameda as they all started to gather around the dead body of Admiral Lenor Mull from the Nephaprican Space Corporation.
* * *

Epilogue

The quanta-nanocode virus had suddenly become disoriented.  Just before that moment, it had been a simple program carrying out a simple existence that positioned a phantom matter singularity close enough to feed upon a planet orbiting the star Yat.  The virus suddenly found itself inhabiting a furry four-legged body for a Pripican in a Pripican spaceport on the world Pripica.  The virus had been losing sight of its primary function, only to succumb to an obsession with catching the next flight off the planet.
It approached the Pripican at the ticket counter, who greeted the virus.  “Greetings, I am Beatariel, your ticket merchant.  The next flight off the planet is in a moment, and there will not be another flight for days.”
That had been what the virus wanted.  “Yes, a ticket off this planet, please.  I must get back to my purpose controlling off-planet virtual particle generators.”
“Not so fast, anxious traveler.  The ticket cost is 15 coins.”
The virus felt defeated.  “I do not have 15 coins.”
“Oh yes, you do.”
“No.  I … I do not.”
“Check that pouch on your back.”
The virus reached into the pouch that draped across its horse-like Pripican back, and it pulled out precisely 15 coins.  With relief, it handed the coins to the ticket agent.  The ticket agent suddenly became anxious to give the virus a ticket and escort it onboard the flight from the planet.
“Hurry up.  The flight leaves in just a few seconds.  There you go.  Enjoy the observation portals that surround the virtual particle craft’s lounge area.  You will be arriving at the orbiting spaceport within moments.  Have a nice flight.”
As the virus became quarantined in the quanta-optic-nanocode illusion and ejected from the planet Caleb, Beatariel reprogrammed the 15 coins that, in actuality, were interfaces for the 15 virtual particle generators that controlled the singularity.  Beatariel left the quanta-optic-nanocode program to bring the news to Ceres, its new roommate at the research facility.  “I have now got control over the positioning for the phantom matter singularity.  The phantom matter singularity is no longer feeding on the planet Curirem.  The view screen will show this in a moment when the light from the event arrives.”
Ceres still stood over the dead body for Prospero while she breathed a sigh from relief.  “Very good, Beatariel.  Now, what are the Nephrican and Pripican empires going to do about this phantom matter singularity that now orbits the star Yat?”
Beatariel tried to answer.  “The singularity devoured a chunk from the planet Curirem.  It cannot contain the mass, so it mostly shot it out from the poles, and that matter now gatherers as a ring around the singularity.  It consists of highly evolved elements we probably don’t know anything about yet.  It did increase its mass, and so as it orbits Yat, feeding on the star’s surrounding phantom matter, it will warm this planet up faster than expected.  If not stopped someday soon, it will probably become a black hole as it starts feeding on the star itself.”
That didn’t answer Cere’s question.
*
On Doldoria Beatarkameed decided to contact Beatariel as promised and have their mutual friend Begalius say hi.  Beatariel told them about the phantom matter singularity it had created, which would need a solution before it grew in mass to the point it devoured the star Yat.  It would then become a gravitational singularity.  That would become a concern for all life in this tightly packed 15-star cluster.  
The morose Beatariel ended the conversation with a farewell after the usual 10-second delay.  “When Ceres killed Prospero, I became free from his programming, but it was already too late.  Fate now programs me as I take responsibility for what I have done.  I am now the product from my actions under the previous programming.”
The quanta-communication between the planets Doldoria and Caleb ended.  Begalius had been sorry for his far-away friend.  “Beatariel should not be so morbid about the future.  He still controls the singularity at a safe distance from the star.  He has also preserved the life from the planet in its giant temperature-controlled structure.”
Beatarkameed said.  “The weight for destroying the planet as it once existed is heavy upon Beatariel’s judgment.  I fear Beatariel is becoming insane with memories from the many trillion Calebite deaths under the star’s growing heat when it transformed the liquids on the planet into gasses and rocks into the water.  Not all Calebites got rescued”
*
After the final battle between Captain Mynervood and Admiral Mull, Alldegallo invited the Captain and some other giants to accompany him and his followers to the lake outside the city Trolluer.  His aunt Diallo had a vision with the goddess Teyoo that directed him to do this.  
Alldegallo and his followers stood in awe when they saw the legendary Lady of the Lake Athedonie, who once again walked upon the water.
Lockfreedow would do scans over the lake, which turned up some electromagnetic anomalies that were very strange and unexplainable.  Yet none in the crew for The Beyonder, or even The Drameda crewmembers, saw anything on the lake whatsoever.  That had been one fundamental difference between the Doldorians and the other two alien species that were destined to all evolve together into the legendary Nephapricans.  The Doldorians had been introduced to galactic culture while still believing in gods and ghosts.  The Doldorians eventually would find their way to mingle with Pripican and Nephrican genetically.  That would become vindicated by the fact that the legendary inhabitants of Nephapricus, the largest galactic civilization ever established on Magphoreus, would eventually evolve with skin the color blue.

The End of
Voyage
of the
Beyonder

About the Author

DD White is the writer / artist who created Voyage of The Beyonder
the illustration artwork as Davol White.  He is also the writer/artist of Aquari.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
