Wade
By Noah Hartley
© Copyright 2021 Noah Hartley
Smashwords Edition
Cover Art Credited to Pro_design37
For my Dad,
Who has dedicated his life to piloting the skies
This is the story of Clayton Wade.
Sailing across the universe in 2646 A.D., Leftenant Clayton Wade serves as the gun deck Officer of the 48 gun Argo as it travels across the galaxies protecting trade routes from a dark enemy known as Scavengers. Clay finds himself facing an uncertain future as the universe edges closer to war. The Scavengers have organized themselves into a coalition referred to as the Hinn, hell bent on destroying the Allied space forces already struggling to ensure stability across the universe.
Modeled after the 18th century Man-o’-War frigates fighting on the high seas, the Nelsonian fleet comprises a battle configuration outfitted with solar sails, tall masts, taught lines, and massive, modern guns capable of blasting out energy converted from the light of the galaxies as the Argo travels through the stars. Dressed in long coats, cocked hats, shined boots, swords, and high collars, the Officers of the Argo are Gentlemen – volunteering and making the mark to serve on the ships most likely to fight, and be destroyed, as they sail across the universe to protect transports from Scavengers.
Along with his long serving friend and counterpart Ensign Samuel Maury, Clay faces the difficult decision of continuing service aboard the Argo just as hostilities against the Hinn are escalating quickly, or to take an offer from the Defense Ministry to leave the fleet prematurely. Rumors are circulating, however, about Clay’s past just as the Argo is reassigned to another quadrant closer to Scavenger saturated space. Loyalties are in question as the Gentlemen of the Stars do their best to reassure the command that they are nothing less than honorable.
While doing their best to cling to the sanctimonies of their profession, Clay and the other Officers of the Argo can visibly see their world change around them. There’s a new Leftenant aboard the Argo, the Defense Ministry is investigating members of the fleet, the fight is becoming more dangerous, and war seems certain in the very near future.
To your posts, Gentlemen. And run out the guns.
Authors Note
Suspend disbelief.
Forget what you understand regarding the laws of physics, the universe, or life itself. Let go. Stop trying to apply reason and science, logic and clear conclusions. These won’t do you much good moving forward.
Wade is a full-length story based on the themes and environment of my first work, an anthology titled The Argo: 50 Short Stories of Gentlemen, Galaxies, and Gallantry. It is not necessary to have read The Argo anthology to understand what is happening in this story.
The parts of ships have been simplified for ease of reading, attempting to avoid the over-complicated naming conventions of a ship’s pieces and components. For those advocates of historically correct descriptions of sailing ships during the Nelsonian era, I would encourage you to read Patrick O’Brian’s Aubrey-Maturin series of books.
The name Argo was picked at random. Originally, I thought Clayton’s home planet of Thera would be one large Archipelago, though I let that thought go. I did, however, use the word to craft the name Argo.
It came to my attention, however, after nearly six months of writing The Argo anthology, that there is a story called Jason and the Argonauts, an ancient story depicting the first Sailors in mythology. I also did not know there is a constellation called Argo Navis named for the Argonaut tale. Wade and The Argo anthology are not a retelling of Jason and the Argonauts or any mythological tales. I have confirmed, it appears, that there really isn’t anything new under the sun.
Even further, there existed a real British H.M.S. Argo that sailed in the 1780’s. This was also discovered only after beginning The Argo anthology works. Those stories, like the Argonauts, are not a retelling or have any relationship to the real H.M.S. Argo in any way. This was purely a coincidence.
Nearly all of the names, situations, and circumstances within Wade were created out of thin air. Any relation to persons, dead or alive, is purely coincidental. The only exemption to that rule is the Captain of my Argo ship, Captain Charles Decatur. His last name is a tribute to one of the greatest sailing Captains in American history, Captain Stephen Decatur. Captain Stephen Decatur was a United States Naval Officer during the late 18th century to the early 19th century. This story of Wade, however, is in no way fashioned from any of then-Captain Stephen Decatur’s life or exploits. Also, the Fifth Fleet as mentioned in Wade is in no way directly related to the current U.S. Fifth Fleet actively serving in the waters of the Middle East. Fifth Fleet just resonated better than Eighteenth Fleet. Any similarities in the names of ships or Sailors to those in the real Fifth Fleet is purely coincidence. There are other forms of an homage I have paid in this novel, but I have done my best to do so out of respect and dignity.
Roll Call
The 48 gun Argo
Captain – Charles Decatur
Commander – Isaac Hudson
Gun Deck Leftenant – Clayton Wade
Singaleer Leftenant – Emmet Camden
Leftenant – Lawrence Fields
Ensign – Samuel Maury
Ensign – Andrew Weeks
Main Deck Midshipman – Liam Hedwick
Gun Deck Midshipman – Christopher Enslow
Gun Deck Midshipman – Bradley Monroe
First Mate – Jason Jenkins
Master Gunner – Hans Truxton
Bosun – Daniel Langley
Fifth Fleet Flagship Destination
Captain – Rear Admiral Edward Reid
The 74 gun Radiant Shallows
Captain – Nathaniel Edmunson
Gun Deck Leftenant – Mr. Hadley
Gun Deck Leftenant – Mr. Almire
Planet Thera Defense Ministry
Investigator – Stephen Winslow
Simplified Glossary of Terms
Aft – The rear of the ship
Battery – The entire row of guns facing one direction from a ship
Bow – The front of the ship
Flagship – The command ship of a fleet
Fore – Forward
Galley – A ship’s kitchen
Gun Port – Where the guns protrude from the side of a ship
Hull – The bottom of a ship
Mast – Supports a ship’s sails
Port – The left side of the ship
Quarterdeck – Above the main deck and to the rear of the ship
Rigging – Ropes and equipment to lift a ship’s sails 
Slip – A spot for a ship to tie off to a dock
Space Port – Large, city-like locations
Space Station – Small, logistical locations
Starboard – The right side of the ship
Stern – The back of the ship
Chapters
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 1
Convoy Security; Allied Controlled Space – Quadrant E19, Near the Epsila Galaxy
The Sword and the Star. Flying high on the mast, it flaps as the ship begins to pick up speed and fly closer to tighten up the trade convoy formation. Sailing through the vastness of space to protect civilian transports traveling along the Caltura route, the 48 gun Argo with its 342 Sailors and Officers is alive with anticipation as they close in on the enemy’s last known position. Part of the Nelsonian Space Fleet, she compliments the sailing features and traditions of the 18th century sailing ships from the time of Admiral Nelson in the Napoleonic Era. Tall masts, extensive riggings, metal hull, solar sails, and propulsion engines slowly slip past a modern military fleet ship while speeding through the void of space to provide security on the far right flank.
Walking with a sense of purpose, his boots resound off the deck as he makes his way from the bridge to the quarterdeck. Red Sailor’s coat, gold brim on a cocked hat, trousers tucked into tall shined boots, and dual golden shoulder epaulettes, Commander Isaac Hudson is an experienced Sailor and trustworthy man. Second only to the Captain, he directs all activities of the ship with honor and an innate sense of duty. A touch to the tip of his hat and a ‘Sir’ to Captain Charles Decatur, he unfurls the charts as the two men argue over their current and proposed position.
With 37 years of service in fleet combat vessels, Captain Decatur is a man whose authority and integrity are beyond reproach. In his gold trimmed coat, epaulettes, and hat – he holds an impressive stature and authoritative presence. As the two men talk, Commander Hudson motions to another lad on deck.
In a plain blue coat and black tricorn, the young man quickly makes for the Commander while remaining on deck. A quick and silent salute, some words from the Commander, and an ‘Aye, Sir’ from the young man, he quickly walks past the Midshipmen manning the masts, shouting orders as the young Gentlemen are off to execute. Ensign Samuel Maury is a young man who is eager for increased responsibilities and possesses a heightened sense of self-awareness. Externally he is someone the Midshipmen and crew look up to, internally he’s anxious for a fight – often times putting himself at risk. 
Down the stairs and below to the gun deck, he makes his way past the gun crews preparing their massive cosmic cannons for action. With shouts, calls, and excitement in the air, only a few notice him walking down the line to inform the Master Gunner for his boss to see the Captain. He passes the word before turning to leave as the Master Gunner relays the message to the Gun Deck Officer.
A final word of instruction before turning away, walking between the long line of busy gun crews, he puts his hat on straight before ascending the stairs. His blue coat flapping as he goes, a single epaulette on his shoulder, and cocked hat with a silver brim, Leftenant Clayton Wade quickly walks along the deck to report. 
More sails unfurling, the crew moving quickly here and there, he answers to the Commander and Captain as ordered, standing on deck while looking up to the quarterdeck – a grip to the tip of his hat and a prominent ‘Sir’ to both Gentlemen. The Captain inquires about the problem, the heat of frustration and embarrassment growing in the Leftenant.
“Almost, Sir,” I say smartly.
“So no, then,” the Commander quickly replies, both men staring at me standing below them. A clench of my jaw before speaking, I’m more angry at myself than anything else.
“No,” I say, pausing a moment. “Sir.” The Captain goes about his business, no glances my way, so I give a salute with no return and quickly make my way down below. We have six guns inoperable due to power issues. They’ve been down for nearly twelve hours now while we are likely moments away from the enemy. ‘Get those damned things up,’ I say to myself, making a direct line for the inoperable section of guns.
Our engines hum along as their vibrations resonate throughout the Argo. We’re picking up speed – getting close now. We continue sailing quickly along our flight path, reaching the outermost flank as we finally pass the massive, modern fleet ship beside us. Sleek and deadly, the fleet carrier Tristan requires a wide berth as she corrects course. Aboard the modern and impressive Tristan, fighter pilots strap into their cockpits as bay doors begin opening, hazard lights flash, and calls over the net echo while the fighter engines begin to surge and whine.
“Argo, Argo – Tristan. Squadron deploying heading 417. How do you copy?” the radio chirps.
Commander Hudson jumps on the radio and tries to call them off, relaying our position and intent.
Tristan’s bay doors open, the signal is given, and the sortie of fighters rapidly drops into space to take up formation as they speed past, flying directly between us and our starboard battery’s line of sight out into space.
The Commander and others watch as the fighters take up a flight path directly in our gun line, the Commander cursing at the Signaleer to get those damned fighters out of our path.
“Tristan sortie, Tristan sortie – Argo…” the Signaleer attempts over the net, but soon the radios come alive and the radars light up.
“Perseus!” the radio screeches. “Contact Front! Contact Front!”
Blasts from the front of our thirty-ship formation echo through space as the lead ships exchange fire with the enemy. Bright flashes, sonic booms, long streaks of cannon blasts, and rapid shot fly between space and ships as multiple enemy ships converge, fire, and evade – not seeming to have intended on finding our lead element.
Captain Decatur gives the order as the Commander quickly executes. Switches at the helm are flipped as orange lights flash within the gun deck.
“RUN THEM OUT, BOYS!” the Master Gunner shouts.
The gun crews below deck begin their deafening shout and yell, hauling and heaving their massive cosmic cannons into place. Rumbling along, the heavy guns vibrate the deck as they slide quickly, the gun ports slap open, and heavy metallic bangs clamor as guns on both sides of the Argo slam and latch into place.
The Argo may be modeled after 18th century ships, but this is only to expedite the movement of the massive armament that make up the cosmic cannons. Nearly as tall as a man and three times as long, the behemoth metal guns must be heaved into place to protrude from the ship while powering with cosmic light converted from the sails. They’re some of the most powerful single cannons in the fleet, as deadly to the enemy just as they are to the crew. Slow to recharge and difficult to haul out, but often decisive in a fight – their bright and deafening blasts are often harbingers of the enemy’s swift end.
I pull a lever to its third position – an orange light illuminating the deck and relayed in the control center on the bridge.
“Guns Out!” the Watch Officer shouts.
A heaving roar of adrenaline, excitement, and fear flow through the gun deck as the men attach power cables to generate the blinding blasts of shot transferred from the ship’s solar energy. Locking heavy charging handles into place, giving tow cables and chain furious tugs to ensure the guns are locked in, a whirling sound hums as energy flows through the ship to all of the guns simultaneously. Watching each gun charge indicator light up, I pull the signal lever all the way down – a green light glowing within the deck and on the bridge.
“Guns loaded, Sir. Six offline!” the watchman shouts, the Commander relaying and nodding to the Captain. The Argo picks up speed as energy shifts from loaded guns back to the engines. The Argo is fast, highly maneuverable, and loaded with more cannon than any ship in the modern fleet. Engines burn a bright blue as all main sails are out, their power pushing us forward as we slip faster through space here and there, trying our best to get the fighters out of our starboard fan of fire. Radio chatter echoes through the gun deck – the fighters are being engaged.
“There!” the watchman shouts, radars glowing and sounding of the danger. Two enemy ships, modern though not much larger than ours, take hits as they engage the fighters.
“Call the ball, Mr. Wade!” the Commander says over the net.
“Aye, Sir!” I shout back. Until he steers my guns into a good position, we have to hope the fighters hold the enemy back as long as possible. Myself and Master Gunner Hans Truxton run to the six inoperable guns and order them locked into their firing position regardless if they are ready to shoot or not. We, along with the men, take up objects and begin beating one of the guns with fervor, causing dents and sparks until a humming sound comes from within one gun, sequentially followed by the remaining five. Connected to the same line, they all come alive. The men shout, taking up their positions on the guns as they prepare to fire.
One of the fighters takes a hit and explodes, streaks of bright debris flying past the enemy ship as she careens toward us. Nearly all starboard guns are aligned when the fighters get in the way, causing me to hesitate. Closer, the enemy flies well within the range of Catastrophic Destruction before beginning to open fire on us. The Commander clicks the radio to talk before he’s cut short.
“FIRE!” I shout through the deck and over the radio. Before the Master Gunner can relay the command, the men let loose, shouting at the top of their lungs before the shattering concussion of guns blasting hot cosmic rounds of blue and purple energy surge out toward the enemy. Cosmic smoke billows out and within the deck, making it difficult to see the rounds impacting the enemy ship. Right on target – nearly every round beats, batters, and takes pieces of the enemy with them in burning heaps of spinning mass into the dark abyss below.
The massive cannons slam into the gun deck and lock back as the men heave and haul them back into firing position, most of them now half deaf from the discharge and nearby detonation of the enemy taking direct hits.
The fighters barely miss us as they fly out and away from the second enemy ship. It appears she is trying to break away, but we are on her too fast now to let her run. Our ship turns, heaves, and begins to roll as the light from a nearby solar system shines blinding light throughout the deck. 
The gravity shifts as the Argo rolls over, the enemy now under us, continuing our spin until we bring our port side guns in line with her. We brace and hold on tight, the artificial gravity doing a decent job at keeping our feet on the deck but not enough, requiring both hands for ourselves. As we stay on her, we come within firing range and align with our enemy. Almost complete with our rotation – now is the time for intuition.
“FIRE!” I shout, holding onto a line as the men let loose, shouts of ‘HAZAA!’ as the rounds find their target. Shockwaves ripple through the Argo as guns slam back into firing position from the force of our continued rotation. The enemy takes a hit, but no matter how fast we act, the enemy still gets a vote.
She fires on us at nearly the same time, apparently a last ditch effort just to swat us away, but her blasts ping off our hull and tear through the sails. Rigging is blown away from masts as some sails shred to pieces, fall to the deck, and slip over the side. The men on deck shout and scream, sounds of death and the dying beginning to fill our ears. Our forward mast is nearly shot away, a large portion of it crashing down to the deck and rolling off the side – taking some rigging and crew with it.
“Keep running them out, boys!” I shout as our ship rights. We nearly lose our footing as we feel the Argo suddenly slow beneath us. We’re losing power. With fewer solar sails and the cannons having just used so much energy, the Argo struggles to retain her speed and maneuverability. Red lights flash throughout the deck as the men continue to labor regardless, knowing that another chance at finishing off our enemy is all but gone.
The enemy is nowhere in sight. The deafening chaos of combat has subsided, noticeable even with our near deafness from the guns.
“No visual, Sir!” I inform the Commander over the radio.
“Stand by, Mr. Wade,” he responds calmly, hearing the controlled voice of the Captain in the background. Now we wait. The men continue breathing heavily and try to get a good look through the portholes as to where the enemy may be.
Blackness and stars – just space. I make my way along the gun rows for a quick inspection, the sound of fighters buzzing us as they speed towards the enemy to exploit the damage we created.
“Steady men. Stand by,” Master Gunner Truxton says, keeping the men ready and alert. We look to each other, both of us knowing something is wrong.
“I’m going up,” I tell him, an ‘Aye, Sir’ from him as I straighten my hat and head topside.
It’s a mess. Rigging, sail, and pieces of the Argo litter the deck as men are hauled off to the surgeon. First Mate Jenkins is heard with his signature raspy voice shouting orders on deck. The Midshipmen shout reports in turn – it isn’t good. Two men are dead. Three are missing. Others are seriously wounded. Ensign Maury meets me on deck, the two of us looking to each other and taking in the sight. It’s strange how quiet it became all of a sudden.
“Well then, Mr. Wade,” Maury says as I look to the quarterdeck, the Commander and Captain discussing what to do next. Maury turns his attention to them as they discuss in murmurs and gestures. “Up we go, then?” A silent nod to him and he follows me up the stairs. We salute the Commander as the Captain is off to the bridge.
Hands behind our backs and standing casually, we watch the Commander look around, take a deep breath, straighten his hair before letting out a breath, and put his hat on straight. He’s quiet as he thinks. We wait.
“Guns ready?” he asks calmly as he scans the mess aboard.
“Aye, Sir.”
“Have the Midshipmen prepare for recovery, Mr. Maury,” he says to no one in a calm voice, observing the hurriedness on deck with sounds of the engagement fading away in the distance and the whining engines of fighters returning to the Tristan.
We salute and head off to execute our duties. Our vessels have beaten the enemy back, however, keeping the convoy of ships moving along the route with minimal interference.
The Captain positions our ship in the middle of the convoy for the remainder of our voyage. Weakened as we are, the Argo will act as a Reserve if the action gets heavy again, but there isn’t any indication that it will. 
There was no dinner with the Captain that night. No drinks with the Commander on the quarterdeck. The crew labored for nearly twenty-four hours to replace rigging, clear the deck, and repair the damage.
In all, it was considered a successful defense of the convoy. This sort of action was routine and anticipated. Losses were always difficult to bear, but never a shocking surprise. Tired and sore, we worked until we got the Argo as good as we could get her until we arrived at the next Space Port for our rally point.
Chapter 2
We’re able to get some rest and return to normal as we put most of the pieces back together. Guns stowed and ready, though I’m still weary of possible power issues, I walk up to the quarterdeck and finish my watch. The ‘day’ shift is coming to a close as the ‘night’ shift begins to assume their duties. I still have a little while yet as Ensign Maury is my relief. After long days on the ship, it’s easy to take the incredible sights around us for granted.
Standing on the quarterdeck near the helm, my hands on the rail, I look out to the vastness of the brilliant and endless void all around us. Slipping through space with civilian and military ships cruising in a long formation, the blanket of stars encapsulates us in all directions. Distant galaxies with their white, burning stars amid clouds of any color float in the distance. The men work as they come and go, up and down the deck or rigging with sails filling and flapping overhead – it really is a breathtaking and inspiring sight.
It’s almost as if you can hear the silence of space as we sail here and there, past the noise and orders from the Officers followed by the occasional grumble from the men. Under our boots, the engines keep a low and steady vibration, a dull humming sound radiating through the Argo with the silent white noise of space surrounding the top deck. The constant busy atmosphere of Sailors going about their duties in such a calm place, marred by moments of violence and terror – it’s a wonder we are able to keep ourselves together after events such as our last engagement.
Hearing heavy boots leading up the quarterdeck, I continue to look out over the ship at whatever captures my attention. Ensign Sam Maury. His steps and mannerisms have become distinct to me since serving with him over the years. Coffee and saucer in hand, the clinks of metal on ceramic, he prepares to assume the watch, though he is five minutes late per the norm.
“Another day of pure bliss and excitement,” Samuel says casually, letting out a long breath before touching the tip of his hat to me. It’s a show of tradition rather than absolute subordination between the two of us. I return his salute, a shallow nod to him.
“Sam,” I acknowledge. “Morning.”
“Evening, Clay.”
“And yes,” I enlighten. “I’m happy to report that we have traveled from that star,” pointing to space behind us, “and we are now closer to that star,” with a finger forward.
“Mmm,” he hums, blowing at his coffee before taking a drink and acting as if he cares, followed by a tap of the sword hilt about his waist. “No sign of our dark overlords?”
“No, but earlier the Commander said we received something from the Defense Ministry. Our next mission, I suppose.”
“Gentlemen,” we hear prominently from behind, Commander Hudson ready for the evening activity report and approaching with a few papers in hand. We turn around with a quiet ‘Sir’ before he joins us looking out over the ship.
I give the Commander and Sam an update on our location, recent messages and signals between the fleet, and the Bosun’s completed tasks for the day. The usual.
“We’ll be meeting with the Captain shortly,” the Commander leads in. “There’s word from the Ministry. We’ll have the Midshipmen take watch in our absence. You’ll need to be there, too, Mr. Maury. Your dark overlords command it.”
Maury avoids eye contact, just takes a drink of coffee and pretends something caught his eye. The Commander expects some smartass remark, but it never comes.
“Aye, Sir,” we reply after an awkward silence, the Commander walking off to his business. Maury and I look to each other. An idle shrug – more of the same.
Gathered in the Captain’s quarters, the Officers stand and wait for the latest. I enter through the doors with two tall glasses of cold beer, handing one of them to Commander Hudson with a nod. A ‘thanks’ from him and a few words with the others, I settle in amongst those we have known for so long. I stand next to our other Leftenant, Emmet Camden, at our usual spots around the table. Leftenant Camden is officially our Intelligence Officer, though he plays a multiplicity of roles ranging from Signaleer to Navigator. He found where and what to shoot – I did the shooting. Camden is a good guy. Intelligent, friendly, and astutely decisive – many of the qualities I do not possess myself. We became friends the moment we met.
“Sir,” we all say as the Captain enters.
He stands at the head of the table with papers in hand while removing his hat, letting it land next to the candles. “Good evening, Gentlemen,” he replies, focusing on the papers. “I’ve gathered us all here because you need to know the latest. Our last engagement with these Scavengers, the Hinn coalition, seemed an irregular move for them so I inquired Ministry Intelligence. It turns out some significant events have occurred over the last seventy two hours in our part of the universe.”
He has our attention, the Commander being the only one unalarmed and casually drinking the cold brew.
“The rumors are true, apparently,” the Captain continues, “that the Halberg Alliance is beginning to wane. So far, three of the twelve Allies are discussing resigning their commitments, though none of them have done so yet. The Hinn took notice and have begun staging small attacks to test the reliability of the news as well as the strength of the Alliance.”
The Captain pauses, shuffling idly through some of the papers. “Rear Admiral Reid has sent us word of a reorganization within our fleet, so we will see this convoy to the Onyx Space Port where we will be reassigned to the Fifth Fleet Command and await further instructions for, what I assume, is the formation of a new Fleet Combat Task Force.”
‘Fifth Fleet. The combat division.’
No one says a word at first, but once we begin to look around to one another, the smiles grow into laughs. No more routine route security for us, boys – off to the big show! Our excitement is difficult to contain as laughs and deep chuckles spreading through us while we tap down on shoulders and knock fists on the table. Even the Captain can’t help to contain his rarely observed smile.
Commander Hudson smirks and drinks. “Oh Lord,” he says to himself between drinks. “Here we go.”

A combat division. Promotions are inevitable. With the formation of a new Fleet Combat Task Force, it’s a sign that the Ministry aims to strike at the ruthless and barbarous Hinn Axis, a band of outlying worlds being led by the dark and powerful force of ‘Scavengers’ hell-bent on destroying the Alliance and Empires like those of our home planet Thera.
The Theranian Defense Ministry has been the most ardent proponent of the Halberg Alliance, being the first in committing to a common defense in an attempt to establish security and stability in the lawlessness of space against what can only be described as a fleet of bandits, best categorized as Scavengers for how they scoop up weak and piecemealed worlds. This is a great attempt to suppress rogue organizations such as the Scavengers.
For over ten years, the Alliance has pretty much successfully thwarted all major Hinn activities to spread fear, destroy Empires, and harass countless defenseless planets. The Hinn now appear emboldened. Stopping them early, it seems, now consumes the Ministries attention.
Convoy Security; Post-Combat Operations – En Route to the Onyx Space Port
Later that evening, I retrieved some papers from my wardroom below, taking to the deck for some air as we sail amongst the stars. Hat on straight, a recharged beer in hand, I make it up the stairs amid the night shift skeleton crew. As much as I’m on deck, constantly being busy leads me to never take time for myself. 
Around us and off in the distance is the rest of the convoy – military, merchant, and transport as we all continue along our path in a massive column. A look up and away, there doesn’t seem to be any signs of a threat as there was before. A crewman passes by with a knuckle to his brow and a passive ‘Sir’ before I return the salute with a touch to the tip of my hat, continuing up the stairs to the quarterdeck.
Maury is away tending to his duties, but he will return before long. I set my beer on the railing, some fresh papers in hand, overlooking the galaxies slowly slipping past amongst the sounds of engines and sights of shadows from repositioning ships. The flap of a sail, the haul of a line, the low vibration of engines below my boots. I never take the time to appreciate all of this. I seize a moment and look around the multitude of stars all around us, trying to recognize some semblance of a system I may be familiar with, but nothing stands out. Still, it’s worth taking a few minutes.
“You know,” Maury’s voice interjects from nearby, bringing me back to reality, “the more you hover around here the more they’re going to question my abilities.” He climbs the final stair and makes his way over, both of us quickly saluting at the same time to get the formality out of the way. “And for that,” he continues, reaching out and taking hold of my beer, “I feel it necessary to deprive you of your privileges, good Sir.” He takes a couple large drinks before handing it back. “What are the papers for?” he asks, hands on the rail while observing a ship fly past.
“The future,” I reply, taking a drink before messing with the papers. “If things pan out.”
“No confirmation yet, then?”
I shake my head while letting out a breath and low sound from within. Maury checks around for the Captain or Commander before stealing another quick drink.
“Well,” he says, handing back the glass, “you’ll find out soon enough. These things have a way of working out. Your promotion is ensured with our new orders from Admiral Reid. You will go to your next assignment and fool everyone that you are brilliant just like you did here. Stick to what you know, Clay.” 
I chuckle to myself at the irony of his words. Looking to the application, the words Strategic Warfare Consulate grace the top. At the bottom of the page is the signature of Captain Charles Decatur for my exception to policy from applying as one rank below the minimum requirement of Lieutenant Commander. It’s been two months now – not a word. 
It would take me off the ship with no idea of what would follow next, but as time goes on, I suddenly have the desire for some stability. This morning’s news of our reassignment to Fifth Fleet just being one of the many radical changes we have experienced over the years, but this next one is huge – going from convoy security to a combat fleet is no light matter.
“Things are getting serious,” I say to the darkness as that comment lingers without a reply, the two of us watching stars coming closer as we drift along.
Refit Operations; Onyx Space Port – Near the Ropti Galaxy
Two days ago we arrived to the Onyx Space Port where repairs and refit operations are underway. There’s no time to dally, many of us rolling up our sleeves and getting to work. My body ached from replacing defunct power lines to the six temperamental forward starboard guns. From checking off supplies and equipment with the quartermaster, ceremonies for those we lost, and testing our systems – the Navy knows how to keep everyone occupied, eventually leading to us dreaming of our work as we sleep.
Some alarming news comes in the form of a decree issued by our Defense Ministry allowing for those whose planets and nations that had suddenly withdrawn from the Halberg Alliance to voluntarily leave the service. Some of the men take the opportunity – grabbing their things and disembarking the Argo one by one. We try to convince them to stay, having known them for years, but there’s just something about the mix of home and uncertainty that beckons. It’s all part of the Hinn strategy. Maybe the men are just looking for an early out. We’re not exactly sure.
One of those who leaves is Ensign Andrew Weeks, having served with us for the past eighteen months. Andrew is a fine young man, often keeping more to himself when hanging around the others. Since his planet pulled out of the Alliance, he’s taking the opportunity. He will be difficult to replace with the young yet promising Midshipman Liam Hedwick.
The most disturbing news, however, is an announcement that sessions will be scheduled to talk with select members of the crew regarding their service and dedication to duty. These sessions already began with representatives having come aboard and talking with some of the crew in the Captain’s quarters.
“Loyalty boards,” the Commander says in a disappointed voice as we stand on the pier, watching the activity of the busy port as the Argo is tethered to the dock. She floats effortlessly with sails stowed and her naked masts casting a shadow across ships and structures nearby.
Commander Hudson and I stand with hats on straight, our long black coats buttoned with the collars up to do our best to keep the deep chill of space out of our uniforms. In the distance are ships slowly coming and going, the nearby stars giving their white or red glow across this part of the galaxy.
“Do we really have anything to worry about?” I ask, arms folded as we idly look with no real purpose toward the ship. “To tell you the truth, Sir, I feel worse for the men. First we ask them to reenlist, so they do. Then we interrogate them for it?”
The Commander makes a face and sort of shrugs before we let silent moments pass. “Wouldn’t be the first time I’ve heard of such a thing, but definitely my first time taking part of it,” he says with a frustrated sound in his voice. “Ensign Weeks took his chance, didn’t he?” Commander Hudson huffs and shakes his head a little.
I suspected that he didn’t like Weeks much, anyways. The Commander and I had nothing to worry about – we were commissioned out of the academy on planet Thera.
We will ship out in the morning, so we get back to work to ensure the Argo is in the best shape we can get her. The good news is that our Nelsonian ships are more easily maintained and repaired than the complicated and often cumbersome modern spaceships. Minus the power converters and gravitational core, the rest of it is often fixed with plasma cutters, welders, and sweat – all of which are currently in use on her.
I awake early the next morning, my body sore and tired from our labors of the past couple days. Regardless, I drag myself to the shower and get ready for the day whilst foregoing a shave. Boots shined, shirt tucked in, coat buttoned, sword in scabbard, and pistol on hip, I grab my hat and place it under my arm before heading off to find the morning coffee.
Grabbing a quick bite and a few words with the cook in the galley, I top off my third cup with a mix and a stir before carrying it with me on deck. With my hat on and passing a few of the crew, I make my way on deck with a salute and ‘Morning, Sir’ from the Sail Master as he passes by.
Up on the quarterdeck, Midshipman soon-to-be acting Ensign Hedwick is busy finalizing his report before turning the ship over for my watch. The Commander will be along shortly for the updates and our readiness status as we prepare to make way from the Onyx. The Argo is coming alive as the nearby sun creeps from around a nearby planet.
The Onyx Space Port is always a busy place, so there’s never any shortage of activity with ships coming and going. The coffee is hot and inviting in the cold of space before we would soon warm from the heat of nearby stars. This is always the best time of day – like having a chance at a new beginning every morning. The recent events, however, have cast at least some shadow on that frame of mind.
“Morning, Sir,” Midshipman Hedwick says, a quick salute while handing me the updated schedule and atmospheric reports for the day.
“Mr. Hedwick,” I reply, setting my coffee on the railing. “An uneventful night it seems.”
“Aye, Sir. You’ll see that our debarkation has moved an hour to the left, Sir. It appears they want to be rid of us as soon as possible, as it were.”
I acknowledge and exchange small talk before sending the lad off for one last task prior to releasing him – fetching a coffee tray for a needed recharge. An ‘Aye, Sir’ from Hedwick as he heads to the galley, he leaves me to flip through the reports and check my pocket watch. Hearing footsteps approaching, I turn to Commander Hudson.
“Mr. Wade,” he says, beating me to the greeting.
“Sir,” I reply as if I’m ashamed, handing him one of the reports. “Schedule moved up, Sir. Shouldn’t be an issue.”
Shortly afterwards, Midshipman Hedwick arrives with a tray and other arrangements. He acknowledges the Commander, a quick ‘thanks’ to him, and he is off. The Commander looks over the report and takes out his mission tablet, a hologram image of our position resized to view the digital feed of ships coming and going in the area. I reach over and pour him a cup of coffee, mixing it the way he prefers.
“That’s not necessary, Mr. Wade,” he says in a casual and unconcerned voice without looking away from his map, reaching out and taking the cup. He mumbles a few words to the effect of ‘there’s no need to do such a thing’ without moving his gaze from the images.
“Of course, Sir,” I reply in a dismissive tone, refilling mine before watching him scroll through the map.
“A lot of traffic out there, Clay. Can you chart me a better way out of here while I brief up the Captain?” He pauses and looks to me after a few silent seconds pass without a response. “Clay?”
His question brings me back down to the deck from wherever I had been, though not really sure where that was myself. “My apologies, Sir. Must have wondered off there for a minute,” I reply with a light smile and exhale. He continues watching my face.
“Something wrong?”
“Well, Sir,” I reply, curving my cheek and looking out across the port.
“Still no word on the transfer request, I take it?”
“It’s not just that, Sir. I thought…” I begin, forcing myself to come out and say it. “I thought about just taking my leave now. I know Thera is still in the Alliance, but they said anyone can opt out. Even us.”
The Commander looks at me a little concerned, trying to figure out where this is coming from. “We need you here, Clay,” he says definitively, letting the words sink in. “You haven’t reached the end of your career in the service. I know there’s no word on your transfer, but…”
“I know, Sir. Things have just…changed so much recently.” I mess with the warm ceramic in my hands, trying to think of the best way to voice my thoughts. “I was lucky to make it this far. I’m just not sure I’m capable of doing what will be expected of me when the time comes. When I graduated from the academy, I went straight into our security and reconnaissance missions. You went directly into a combat division, Sir. I’m not sure if I’m the man for something like that.”
“There’s no reason you shouldn’t have made it this far, Mr. Wade,” he says reassuringly. He’s trying hard to assuage my fears. He’s a good man. Still, the dock looks promising.
“Mr. Wade,” I say to myself, shaking my head a little. “I’ve never really known who that is.”
The Commander takes a drink, fiddling with the papers and mapping device before letting out an easy breath. “He’s a promising and dedicated Officer. Dependable and trustworthy. Everything we expect a Gentleman to strive for these days, which seems to be in short supply.” I think about what he says – a Gentleman and short supplies.
“Not all Officers are truly Gentlemen, Sir.”
“You’re right,” he says, “but that’s no reason not to strive in an effort to keep that part of us and our profession alive. Some are Gentlemen by birth. Some by affiliation. Some by conduct. Others are made in the midst of the most terrifying times in our lives.” I think about his words, not seeing myself fit anywhere in his descriptions. I refill his coffee and take up a toasted affair.
“Where, then, would I fall into those categories, Sir?”
The Commander takes up his charts and coffee, turning the direction he intends to go before leaning close and uttering in a low voice – “Show me.”
Down below, three bags are stuffed full and laying side by side on my bed. Nothing remains in the drawers. No hanging uniforms or clothes in the armoire. Hat under my arm, I take up one of the bags and turn for the door before stopping and looking at myself in the mirror. Standing there, I know we only have a few moments before we set sail. A whistle blows on deck, but I continue to look at the man in the mirror. Turning the handle, I make my way down the hall and quickly head to the stairs.
From the dock, one could see the ship as she prepares to launch. Along the rails stand the crew as First Mate Jenkins orders the lines cast. Three tolls of the bell and a high-pitched whistle, the Argo’s engines drum up as she gently floats back and away from the Onyx Space Port. Ships pass by in the near distance, sails begin to unfurl, and radio chatter from the bridge continues as they coordinate clearance to launch. The Argo pulls away and slowly begins to turn, the shadow from her hull and naked masts casting long and reaching shadows across the docks and over tethered ships below. The ship stills, the engines pick up, and the sails fall into place. Along the quarterdeck stand the Officers, all of them side by side with hats on straight, hands behind their backs, and the Captain out in front as the colors are hoisted high. The Commander is to the right, awaiting orders from the Captain, and standing right next to Leftenant Clayton Wade.
Chapter 3
Military Convoy; Olvia Trade Route, en route to Brauma Space Port – Near Galaxy o9T6
“Argo, Argo. This is the Tempest. Radio check, over.”
“Tempest – Argo. Roger. Lima Charlie.”
Sailing through space at a rapid rate, we slip along the Olvia Trade Route as our small detachment of military ships travels to link up with Fifth Fleet at the Defense Ministry’s Brauma Space Port. The other seven ships are more modern than ours, one of them being a massive fleet carrier named Tempest.
Fully repaired, we go about our business and prepare for the inevitability of contact with the enemy. Hopefully that won’t be the case, but we are a large target with unambiguous intentions as we travel along in formation. We have been sailing for three days now, destined to arrive at Brauma within the next six hours. Being around such massive warships is intimidating. Just the thought of what the entire fleet will look like in combat is almost terrifying, yet exciting at the same time. Things are different now. The fate of this universe is quickly moving at an uncomfortable pace towards war.
Excitement reverberates throughout the ship. It can be seen in the men, heard in their voices, and felt in the air as we discuss what the next stages will be. War, if it comes to it, will be a terrible crisis – one best not left to go to waste in our profession.
During our movement to the link up with Fifth Fleet, we are positioned on the far right flank as the Argo is intended to do. Fast and deadly, the Nelsonian fleet was initially designed to act as a reconnaissance vessel to the force, a Reserve element to support or exploit a gap, or to lead out in front as an avant-garde for larger formations. We are often sailing on the flanks or forward of larger ships for early detection and protection, both of which are definitely a nuisance to the enemy. No ship in the fleet is more maneuverable or can reach top speeds faster with as many guns-at-the-ready as a Nelsonian. The only things more maneuverable than us are fighter craft, but those are only available out in the depths of space if they are supported by massive ships such as our current host, the Tempest.
The Argo can sail around and over larger enemy ships faster than they can effectively target us, resulting in the enemy sporadically firing random shots at close distances in the hopes of getting off a lucky or good-enough shot. If we can close the gap with the enemy fast enough, then they are relegated to shooting as us as if swatting at insects with their bare hands. At longer distances we are vulnerable to a single, well placed shot which could be devastating, but up close we are in their decision space and able to wreak havoc.
The Argo is powered by solar sails. The solar energy converts to power that surges through the ship before being distributed to the engines, guns, and instruments. The sails can make it difficult to see when maneuvering, but they’re versatile and easily repairable.
The Commander has the difficult task of deciding where power is best distributed. That decision is split between engine thrust and energy for the guns, both of these consuming large amounts of energy when used to their maximum effect. Firing all 48 guns while flying at maximum speed will detrimentally slow the ship, resulting in long recharge and repositioning times for the guns. It’s best to fire one broadside at a time and allow some lead-time to recharge, maneuver, fire the other broadside, and so on. This intricate balance is usually an art of judgment, though often matters of life and death in the worst of engagements. Still, the Commander is master of all things energy. I keep the guns hot, but Commander Hudson cotrols the tempo.
From on deck we hear the high pitch whistle of ‘All Hands’ from the Bosun, summoning all of us up top for our final approach to the Defense Ministry’s Brauma Space Port – our final destination to link up with the rest of fleet. The men assemble on the rails as the Officers make their way to the quarterdeck while ensuring they are presentable. The port orbits the Remnoe Galaxy, a light blue aura constantly being cast upon the port as it stays on course amongst the solar systems and stars.
“Dock Four-One-Seven, Sir,” Leftenant Camden relays to the Commander, the radio squawking back and forth with the port’s flight tower. Our convoy slowly fans out and takes to their assigned docks as our engines power down to an idle. Floating, slowly descending, I stand between the Commander and Maury as the Argo’s shadow stretches out along the pier.
“CAST – LINES!” First Mate Jenkins shouts, the men tossing rope and chain over the side as the dockhands tie us off. The men roll up the sails at the orders of the Midshipmen. Engines shut down while energy slave-cables from the dock are hauled up and hooked into our ship to keep the essentials running on shore power. Finally – we had arrived.
The port is massive, hosting nearly two hundred slips for ships to cast their lines. Maintenance bays, resupply points, convoy staging areas, rearmament, administration, an embassy, and permanent party offices. There’s little this port can’t do. Though it’s purely military, there are areas to accommodate military and civilian alike.
Shortly after arriving, we are visited by representatives from our Defense Ministry. Their purpose is likely to coordinate operations, provide us with what supplies and information we need, and to make sure our change of status is complete as members of the newly assigned task force.
As I make my rounds on the ship, Midshipman Monroe hurries to me and catches my attention. “Captain needs to see you, Sir. He didn’t say what it’s about.”
I acknowledge and thank the lad, notifying Master Gunner Truxton that I had been summoned. Hat on straight and coat buttoned, I make for the stairs to the Captain’s quarters. There’s no need for any alarm.
Entering the cabin, I remove my hat and stand at the position of attention. The Captain and Commander are already conversing with the three men from the Ministry.
“This is Leftenant Clayton Wade,” the Captain tells them, gesturing to me as I give a quick salute. “Come on in, Mr. Wade,” he says. Mr. Wade. Not usually how he addresses me in such relaxed conditions, but assuming we are in new company and all. The men are dressed for their work in the civilian Ministry attire of blue and black. They are officials of some sort, all of them nearly the same age as the Captain. One of them looks at me, to my uniform, then the papers in his hands.
“Well, Mr. Wade,” the man says, giving a half smile while the others look through their documents. “It appears there must have been a little mix up.” Everyone looks to me now, the Captain making a somewhat concerned face.
“Since our last engagement,” the Captain begins, “it seems there has been some misinformation regarding yourself, Clay.”
I look to him a little confused. “Does this have to do with the loss of the men, Sir? Am I being investigated?”
The Captain waves a hand and shakes his head. “It’s not about that,” he says while looking to the other men. He gets straight to the point. “A report has circulated about your death. I’m not sure how or when.”
Now he has my attention, myself exchanging looks between he and the others in the room.
“I’m…” I begin slowly, making sure I heard right. “…I’m not dead, Sir.”
“Of course you’re not,” the Captain replies. “This is Mr. Stephen Winslow,” he says while gesturing to the man standing in front of me. “He’s been assigned by our Ministry to look into the matter.”
I acknowledge him with a friendly face, exchanging pleasantries in low voices. We wondered if news of my death circulated after our last engagement, which we weren’t sure if that were the case, but the report had definitely been generated around the time of our previous fight along the Olvia Route. There wasn’t much that Mr. Winslow appeared to be concerned about, asking a few questions here and there, so the conversation remained light. We shook hands and I was dismissed, putting on my hat and shutting the cabin door behind me.
We are receiving new arrivals down on deck – always a heavyhearted task for us and them, knowing that these new Sailors are replacements. Among the group stands an Officer, a Leftenant identified by his single shoulder board and silver banded bicorn hat the same as mine, but no one seems to know why he’s here. Ensign Maury and I briefly meet with the Sail Master on deck before the two of us are alone again, surrounded by the crew going about their business.
“Hey, Clay…who’s the Officer?” Maury asks, peering around my shoulder with eyes squinting.
“I’m not sure. Some Leftenant,” I reply with arms crossed, idly observing the rigging leading up the masts. “Escorting the new men from their previous ship, I assume.”
Sam’s curiosity won’t release him just yet. He taps me on the arm several times. “Here they come,” he says in a low voice. I turn to the new Leftenant and First Mate as they approach.
“Gentlemen,” the Mate says in his scruffy voice. “This is Leftenant Lawrence Fields. He’ll be accompanying us on our next trip.” We give quick introductions to be polite. He’s one of the Gentlemen, after all, who deserves at least that much.
“Thank you, Mr. Jenkins,” I say to the First Mate, a ‘Sir’ and quick salute before going about his way. Jenkins escorts the new Leftenant Fields to meet with Commander Hudson as Sam and I wait for them to create distance from us. Sam and I look at one another, both a little lost. I cross an arm, a hand to my chin, fingers rubbing days old stubble.
“Another Leftenant?” Maury asks simply, a curious inflection in his voice before a glance to myself. “Since when does a frigate this size have three Leftenants?”
“Mmm,” I murmur within a tight jaw. I wait a moment – thinking. We watch Leftenant Fields meet Commander Hudson on the quarterdeck, the Commander not appearing surprised as they shake hands and exchange words.
“Mr. Maury!” the Commander shouts, summoning with his hand. Maury looks at me with a shrug before shouting a response and making his way along the deck. I can’t look away from the scene, though I know I am obvious by staring at the spectacle. Maybe Fields is being promoted to Commander? Hudson is on the way out? Maybe I’m being transferred?
‘The reassignment,’ I think to myself. ‘That has to be it.’
Later that afternoon we were to receive an update from the Captain on what comes next. We are all excited at the prospects. There’s no news of hostilities anywhere yet, so even if it is just a security patrol, then we are more than delighted to take up the task. It’s likely that we will serve on a reconnaissance mission if that’s the case.
The bell rings out in two long tolls – Officer’s Call – so we pack into the bridge while the crew go about their business preparing the ship. Leftenant Emmet Camden stands next to the new Leftenant Fields, a good show of cordiality and Gentlemanship so as the new Officer won’t be alone.
‘Maybe he’s the Navigator? Helping out Camden? What’s up with Camden?’
“Mail!” a crewman bellows, making his way through the crowded bridge with a ‘Sir’ and some letters to whom they are intended. “Mr. Hudson,” he says, handing over a manila envelope. “Mr. Wade,” he continues while handing me one of the same. We hold onto the packets, the blue stamp and seal of the Theranian Defense Ministry in the corner. The back is sealed with the red wax and coat of arms. It’s something official, then. I look to Commander Hudson, but he doesn’t appear to have been expecting anything either.
“Captain on deck!” the Watch Officer shouts, all of us coming to the position of attention.
“Relax, Gentlemen,” the Captain quickly says, not being one for pomp when it comes to honoring himself. We relax as everyone prepares to hang on his next words, the only sounds in the bridge being radio chatter.
“The Fifth Fleet Command appears to know what the next major movement will be for us,” he begins, looking around to ensure we are paying attention. “But as far as what that may be, they are keeping it from us for the time being. Make no mistake about it, Gentlemen. Whatever happens is sure to be significant.” He holds up a paper he brought along, folded and creased as if hand delivered. “We will serve as avant-garde on our next mission. We are yet to receive the details as to our destination. The fleet will ship out late tomorrow, in which time we will refit and prepare to set sail.” He sets the paper down and talks freely. “The new crewmen need to be trained which I will leave in the Midshipmen’s charge. Everyone is authorized liberty prior to setting sail. Everyone will return to the ship on time prior to launch.” That one gets some smiles from us.
“After your tasks are complete, Gentlemen,” the Commander caveats. “If your duties preclude you from taking liberty, then so be it. Tough luck.”
“Also,” the Captain continues in a more serious tone, rubbing his fingers on the control console for a few seconds. “The Ministry has halted promotions until further notice. This includes those already approved before the mast or those earned on the battlefield.” Silence slips over us, some looking around with scrunched brows. “Don’t be too alarmed, Gentlemen. It’s likely a way to maintain integrity within the ships so entire crews or their Officers are not dispersed and begun anew after a reorganization such as this one. All those who have passed exams or boards will not have to do so again, but rather just have to wait for the ban to be lifted.” He pauses and lets the information sink in, demonstrating that he himself is not alarmed. “Any questions, Gentlemen?”
“No, Sir,” we all reply before being dismissed. We come to attention and salute, most of the crowd quickly making their way out to ensure their tasks are completed as soon as possible before taking their liberty.
I wait for most of the crowd to thin before watching the Commander leave the bridge with his manila packet in hand. He obviously isn’t as eager to know what it says, but he does seem to be in a hurry. Leaning against the entrance, I reach down and break the seal, removing a few sheets with the Theranian Naval crest on the top.
Leftenant Wade,
In light of unforeseen and emergent circumstances, your request for transfer to the Strategic Warfare Consulate is currently on hold. You will be notified of any changes in the status of your request, pending a review by the Office of Admiralty Personnel and Administrations. Please be informed that…
…Signed,
ADM Levithian Davis, Chief of Personnel and Integration
I pause, running a hand along my hair to the black ribbon holding it back on the base of my neck before letting out an exaggerated breath. Looking around, I can see the Commander on deck who has apparently just read his letter as well. Commander Hudson puts the papers in his hand and is off – likely to find the Captain.
‘Did he receive a copy of my letter, as well? He is my superior, after all.’
Walking out to the quarterdeck, I put my hat on straight and look around, trying my best to not have some stupid or depressed look about me. I fold the letter and envelope, sticking it in my coat pocket before heading down to the gun deck to see how things are progressing. The faster I can get off this creaking tub the better. 
Some hours pass as we make progress getting things squared away. We were just about complete when Midshipman Christopher Enlow sends for me.
“It’s Commander Hudson, Sir. He wants a status report,” Enlow says with a quick salute.
“Excellent. Thank you, Chris. Take over getting the guns squared away, would you? I’ll be back to help as soon as I can.” An acknowledgement from the young Mr. Enlow and a pat on the back from me – it’s good to expose the young Gentlemen to the tasks, especially while in port – so up to the quarterdeck I go. This has to be about the letter. I’m sure of it. Walking along the deck, I’m stopped short by First Mate Jenkins, a tight grab to my coat sleeve and whispering close.
“Sam was asked to talk to that investigator, Mr. Winslow character, Sir,” Jenkins says, his eyes fixed on the Captain up top. “Just thought you should know.” He lets go and walks on to carry out his business. First Mate Jenkins is a good man, the most trustworthy as they come. He’s never given me a bum steer before.
‘Maury’s getting questioned? That investigator is still here?’
“Well,” the Commander says, not even taking the time to look at my papers, “that’s unfortunate, I’ll say. At least it’s not a refusal letter.” Commander Hudson doesn’t seem too shocked about my news. Easy for someone to think when they’ve already made it so far. “I wouldn’t sweat it, Clay,” he says with a tap on my arm. “These kinds of changes will continue as we move along.” We stand there together as I tuck the papers back in my coat. 
Shortly afterward, Sam comes walking along the deck with a half-hearted salute to the Commander. No one says anything at first as we stand in awkward silence, but eventually it comes out.
“Just got out from the investigator,” Sam says in a low voice to no one.
“Nope,” the Commander promptly huffs with arms crossed, pretending to observe work going on about the ship. “I don’t want to hear anything, Mr. Maury. Not. A. Word.” The Commander really doesn’t seem to care much for the effort, having already showed his displeasure in this charade of spy-versus-spy. There’s a quiet moment as the three of us avoid eye contact.
“…He even asked about you, Sir,” Sam finally says in a nearly inaudible voice directed at the Commander.
Chapter 4
Standing in my quarters while filling three glasses of beer, I hand them over as Maury starts drinking first.
“Start talking, little man,” the Commander tells Maury while standing inches in front of him with glass in hand – all propriety, honors, and discretion is entirely absent at this point.
Maury keeps drinking before consuming half the brew. “He asked about how much you knew about Clay.” They look to me quickly, myself being caught off guard just as much as they.
“What did you do?” the Commander asks me.
“I didn’t do anything,” I reply, a lost sound in my voice as we shoot scrunched glances back at Maury.
“He wanted to know the story behind how Clay and I know each other. So I told him,” Maury continues. “There didn’t seem to be any issue, but the investigator asked if I knew Clay’s family at all. That, or where he went when he isn’t on the ship. I told him that Clay takes liberty like the rest of us, but where he goes? I don’t know. Why would we hang out together on liberty? He asked if I had ever met his family and I told him no. I didn’t lie to him. I didn’t.”
I watch the Commander’s face with a curious look. He shrugs a shoulder. “It’s good you didn’t, Sam. There’s no reason to lie about something like that. Maybe this has to do with the whole you being dead, Clay,” the Commander says with a crossed arm and beer close to his lips.
“Clay died?” Maury asks, never passing up a moment to play the ass.
“Can it,” the Commander replies while pointing a finger at Sam’s nose. “Now get to the part about me. Clay,” he orders without taking his eyes off Sam. “More beer.”
I do as ordered and recharge his glass, my mind working a little faster than usual while handing another cold one to Commander Hudson.
“The investigator asked me if you had ever said anything about meeting privately with Admiral Halveston. I told him that I’ve never heard the name in my life.” Maury drinks, watching the Commander’s scrunched face of dismissal. “Who’s Admiral Halveston, Sir?”
“Shit,” the Commander says pointedly. “It has nothing to do with you or Clay, so don’t worry about it. Next.”
“What was in your letter, Isaac?” I ask the Commander flat out, not mincing words at this point. He just groans a little before folding his arms. He tells me it’s more for the Captain than anyone, but it has nothing to do about this or the stop-notice of my transfer. I’m not assuaged. A few quiet moments pass by.
“Something’s up, Clay,” Commander Hudson says plainly. “What’s up with the family thing? Daddy not hug you enough or some crap?”
I shrug with an extended arm and exhausted expression. “I’ve no idea. So what? I don’t go home and invite the ship over for a barbeque. Why would that be a problem?” Hudson shrugs and drinks, finishing off another one before extending it my direction. “Yeah, I’ll be your butler,” I tell him, setting the empty glass on a small table.
Isaac waves a hand dismissively, eyes closed, wafting away the stench of this garbage. “Well,” he begins, “as far as I’m concerned you have nothing to worry about. Neither of you for that matter. I know the Captain only says good things about both of you, especially Maury who he thinks will make Leftenant within the year. Clay’s…Clay, so whatever. We’ll keep this close and I’ll do some probing of my own. Keep the Midshipmen out of this. Also,” he says while moving to the door with hat in hand, “if anyone asks what we talked about – I was asking both of you to not take liberty and stay to help me with the ship. You convinced me to let you go. Tracking?”
We agree and he leaves, Maury hanging behind for a minute, though still anxious to get his work done prior to taking liberty.
I don’t get ten feet from my quarters before being stopped and told that Investigator Winslow is looking for me. What goes through my mind at this point is unimportant, save for the fact that the irritation of all this is beginning to build. I can’t bring up anything about my family – that would tip him off that Maury talked – so I’ll just go see what the investigator knows. Just hear him out.
“Ah. Come in,” Investigator Winslow says, summoning me into the Captain’s quarters as he appears to be wrapping up his inquiry before packing up his things for the day. The other two gentlemen sit as they wait to finish up their long day.
“Sir,” I say as a matter of cordiality rather than respect, no demands for the position of attention. I walk over to him as Investigator Winslow half-sits on the edge of a desk.
“Stephen, please,” he requests in an assuring tone. “Do you have some time before you take off?”
“I sure do,” I reply while remaining standing. He doesn’t ask me to sit, so this is likely to be brief.
“I apologize for the mix up earlier this morning,” he says, though not really looking at me much. “I’m sure you understand that we had to confirm your whereabouts when a report of a deceased serviceman comes through.”
I nod and agree, not appearing concerned or upset. He asks a few simple questions, nothing that wouldn’t be asked when meeting someone for the first time.
“You know,” he continues, “I do have to say that I reviewed your record and it is impressive. Graduation from the Academy, quickly promoted from your actions in the Rustrera quadrant, your work here on the Argo. I’m sure your father is just as proud as he can be to have a son like you. Truly. He’ll be glad to shake your hand again the next time you go home.” He gives me a light smile, the other men listening though seeming detached.
“Thank you,” I reply in an easy manner, a tight-lipped smile on my face. “Well,” I conclude, “if there’s anything else, Stephen?”
He shakes his head and puts his hands up like a deflective gesture. “Not at all. That’s it. Thanks for your time and good luck to you,” Stephen says unconvincingly, watching as I turn and leave the room before the door latches closed.
The men remain sitting as they were before. “What do you think, Steve?” one of the men asks, a quiet moment passing before Investigator Winslow responds.
“…No.”
With the gun deck secure and my report submitted to the bridge, I change out of my coat and sword, slipping on jeans and jacket, untying the ribbon and letting my hair fall freely to my neck. Sam stopped by my quarters and waited for me so we could disembark together. He knows where he’s going. I don’t.
“They asked others about your time before the Argo, even trying to see if anyone knew you before you and I served on the Ezra together,” Sam says while sitting next to his packed bag in my quarters. I keep getting dressed, putting some final things in my bag before quickly zipping it up.
“Whatever,” I say dismissively, putting Sam’s comments off as I try to hurry up.
“It was Ensign Weeks, by the way,” Sam says as if revealing some dark personal secret, knowing the news is strange. “He stopped by a Ministry office as he took his chance to walk away from the service after the Alliance began breaking up. What for, nobody knows. But that investigator guy sure knows.”
“Well, Weeks doesn’t know much of anything and his record wasn’t that great,” I counter, bringing my things in the main room and slipping on my jacket. “He’s not much of one to listen to. Did Isaac say much about the new Leftenant? Anything?”
Maury turns his hands up and shakes his head, he being just as much in the dark as everyone else regarding the new Leftenant’s role on the Argo. We grab our bags and head to the door before I stop short, turning to Sam.
“Ask me the question, Sam.”
“What question, Clay?”
“Don’t play dumb. Ask,” I stammer, allowing awkward silence to pass. “If Leftenant Fields is here to replace me because I committed a crime.” Sam doesn’t say anything, just looks to me with concern.
“Clay,” he begins, “No one thinks –”
I open the door and begin down the narrow hallway before Sam can finish. It’s an asshole move, but at this point I would have done the same if it were anyone. He’ll get over it.
Up on deck, the Argo remains alive with activity. Crewmen taking in lines, sails being removed for replacement or repair, and supplies shuffling back and forth on the docks below. It’s nearly midday on the Space Port with ships both large and small coming and going as their engines hum nearby and overhead. Maury seems to be in a hurry to get off the ship, along with what appears to be leaving me to my self-inflicted misery before he stops next to the gangplank and turns my way.
“Hey,” he says with bag at his side, a hand in his coat pocket. “I’ll get the reports and charts together from the bridge as soon as I come back. That’ll give you more time below and not have to worry about it. Your network passwords are probably expired again anyways.”
“Yeah,” I say, suddenly aware of how I treated him moments ago. “Thanks, Sam. I’ll see you down there, yeah?”
He nods and gives a shallow wave, descending before walking away from the ship. I watch him go until he’s out of sight. I feel reality return to me at that instant, like I haven’t been paying attention to anything other than myself for the past couple of hours. Sam and I usually shake hands or something when we part from each other. I may have ruined liberty.
“Mr. Wade,” the Captain says from the bow of the ship. I respond with quick, ‘Aye, Sir!’ and report, moving with a sense of purpose. I stop short and drop my bag, a quick salute to my brow. The Captain dismisses Midshipman Hedwick and walks to me. He reaches out and puts a hand on my shoulder as we walk slowly to nowhere. “I heard you met with Investigator Winslow.”
“Aye, Sir. Much ado about nothing, it seems, Sir.”
He seems agreeable to the fact. “Regardless, you’re doing a phenomenal job, Clay. I know that Isaac relies on you heavily and the Midshipmen all look up to you, not that Samuel isn’t a great Ensign.”
I thank him quietly, attempting to maintain some level of humility.
We stop at the quarterdeck stairs and look over the port. “One more thing” the Captain says. “Don’t stray too far from the ship. I’m taking you with me to meet with our new Fleet Commander, Rear Admiral Edward Reid, for a social he’s having nearby. So get your uniform ready. You don’t need to stay for dinner, but you’ll join me for cocktails sometime around 1800. It would be good for you to meet him.” 
Being in uniform again isn’t my idea of liberty, but free drinks is worth the effort. “Aye, Sir. Of course,” I reply honestly while looking around a bit. I thought that now is as good a time as any, seeing as though the Captain is in a conversing mood. “Leftenant Fields, Sir,” I say plainly, looking to the Captain. “A permanent addition, Sir?” 
The Captain looks to me with a scrunched cheek, thinking to himself. “Fields is expected to perform. You are expected to keep performing,” he says. A cryptic answer if any, but I assume there are those things I know, those I should know, and those I shouldn’t. I always leave it to the Captain to do he and God’s work, this apparently being one of those times.
I give a salute before departing the Captain’s company and walk to retrieve my bag as I depart. First Mate Jenkins can be heard lighting into someone on deck, the dock master checking off supplies, and the men working quickly to finish their tasks. The ship is further behind me now, but I’m not far enough. I’ll try to find a hotel nearby as the Captain ordered, but I don’t need a view of the docks by any means.
Shortly after checking in, I decide on a change of clothes to go for a run. It has been some time since I had the freedom and space to do so without interruption. No one is expecting me until later tonight, so it’s best to take the opportunity to disappear and clear my head. Running past transports, vehicles, and others coming and going, along streets with nearby planets in the distance, these moments allow me time to think. I’m able to be myself without the stressors bearing down on my shoulders that I seemed to have created for myself. Minus my own problems, the Captain was right; we really are getting into something significant.
The Argo is nearly empty by the time I return, most of the men wanting to get away as fast as possible once we hit the dock. Down in my wardroom, I put on my finest uniform for occasions such as the Admiral’s get-together. Tall boots polished to a high shine, white trousers, high collared navy blue waistcoat trimmed with gold piping, white shoulder fourragere, a single shoulder epaulette, a few select medals, and buttons turned upright. After hooking the sword to my belt, I grab my bicorn hat and make sure I’ve got everything.
Our uniforms are a custom of the past, carrying with it the characteristics and virtues of men that seem to have been forgotten a long time ago. These are the uniforms of professionals. The uniforms of Gentlemen. Our planet of Thera believes these qualities still matter, as do I, and should be embodied in the Nelsonian Fleet. Straightening the medals on my coat, I think of them and where they came from – how badly I wanted each one of them and how I risked everything for a piece of cloth and pressed steel. Now that I have them, I feel there is another purpose for me out there – more than just myself. What that is, exactly – I’m not sure.
Coat on, bottom buttons done, and silver brimmed hat under my arm, I check to make sure I didn’t miss any spots after shaving a few days worth of stubble from my face. I reach back and tighten the black ribbon holding the hair at the base of my neck before checking my pocket watch – I’ve still got time. I put on my hat once on deck, knowing I only have to walk about a quarter mile before reaching the Defense Ministry conference hall for the Admiral’s reception.
Walking around Space Stations and Ports always illicit some stares and glances from others if I am alone. Even in small groups, we are nearly like social pariahs in what most call outdated uniforms and ways of warfare. Some ask why we are wearing costumes, but there are those who know from what part of the universe we originate. Quite a few people are curious, however, having only heard of our fleet or seen us once or twice. We’ve been called the Amish of the skies. I used to be indifferent to the name, but the more I learned about them the more I welcomed the affiliation.
As I near the hall, I join more and more military while saluting those I recognize as outranking myself, but for the most part using a simple ‘Sir’ or ‘Ma’am’ as we pass each other with polite manners. I’m the only other Theranian here, save for the Captain who’s already somewhere amidst the crowd.
Everyone else is part of the modern, or more modern, space fleet assembled to make up the Fifth. Of the others I see, I can tell that most are fully human, but one would be a fool to assume all of them are. After standing in line, showing identification, and squeezing by loiterers in the passageways, I finally make it to the main hall. Hat under my arm and hand on the sword hilt, I look around at the busy spectacle.
White table clothes on small tables, some soft music floating above the crowd, a dull roll of conversation, and shining chandeliers all make it an elegant affair. It’s sure to be a memorable night, but I’m not one for sticking around until the bloody end. There are waiters with trays of champagne, but on the opposite side of the room there is a wall of bottles and tap handles which is the universal symbol for Bar – my only objective.
After receiving the tall glass of cold amber brew, I slowly make my way around and look for the signature uniform and grey hair of the Captain.
“Mr. Wade!” I hear him call.
Making my way over, I am welcomed by the Captain who’s conversing with Admiral Reid and others I don’t recognize. The Admiral, in his white uniform and adornment of medals, stands as an impressive figure. “His Lordship Rear Admiral Edward Reid,” the Captain introduces as the Admiral and I shake hands, a light bow from myself.
“It’s an honor, Sir,” I tell him, knowing my words with him are likely to be brief.
“Leftenant Wade,” the Admiral says in a kind and professional voice. “Captain Decatur has told me great things about you, young man. Being part of the Theranian Majesty’s Nelsonian Fleet is an honorable service, but yourself running the gun deck makes you the most crucial man in the fight,” he says in a genuine tone of agreeability before tapping the Captain playfully on the shoulder. “Other than the Captain, of course.” We chuckle along. He’s a good man.
“Of course, your Lordship. God save for my Captain.”
We continue the idle conversation, knowing the Admiral has more important guests to receive.
As the conversation wears on, the Admiral’s small circle begins to grow. Knowing we are nearing the end of our welcome with his time, the Captain finishes his remarks and prepares to depart. Just before we turn to leave, Admiral Reid makes a gesture for another to join us.
“Gentlemen,” he says deeply with a warm smile and extended hand as he moves aside to make room. “This is Countess Sybil Ivankov, one of our many dignitaries here in support of the Halberg Alliance.”
“Admiral, Gentlemen,” she says in a light and soothing tone, graciously reaching out as the Captain takes her hand. We greet and smile, myself trying not to be too obviously captivated when it’s my turn. The Captain keeps the conversation moving and light, doing his best to make her feel welcome. It was difficult for me to follow along, to be quite honest.
Sybil truly is a beautiful woman. Her elegant, strapless teal gown lightly touches the floor as it sways with her gentle movements. Dazzling jewels rest upon her neck and hang from her ears, sparkling in the light as she moves. Her hair rests on slender shoulders in a dark honey color with almond shaped eyes to match. She’s breathtaking. When she spoke, others listened – mostly to her slight accent and soothing voice. I found it difficult and painful to stand there while not being able to bring myself closer to her.
After a few words, I notice that no one is directly engaging myself, so I say my thanks to the Admiral and begin to turn away from the group.
“Leftenant,” I hear the Captain call, forcing me to turn on my heel and report as solicited. “I’m sure you have a good plan to introduce Ms. Sybil to some of our Allies we are attending with tonight.” The group is quiet as they await my response. The Captain makes it seem like this is expected, though I’m sure my expression begs to differ.
“Yes…Sir,” I reply with a nod to Sybil. She gives a friendly smile before turning to the Admiral and others with some parting words. Hat under my arm, my mind scrambling to think of where to go next – given I don’t know anyone here – I extend my arm to her as she slips a gentle touch upon it. “Gentlemen,” I say of genuine respect. The Captain will want a full report after this, but his little grin tells me it will be an informal one.
“Thank you so much…” she says with the hint of a question while waiting for me to fill in the blanks.
“Clayton, Ma’am.”
“Clayton,” she replies with a closed lip smile. “Sybil.” She links her fingers together as she takes my arm. Her touch is light and honest, holding onto my arm with a sense of wanting-to rather than having-to.
Walking here and there, weaving through small groups of the large and obviously engaged crowd, Sybil begins to eye me from the side before my attention finds hers. She smirks, her eyes doing the same, a question forming at the tip of her mind.
“You…don’t know where to go, do you?” Sybil is prodding me, making me the butt of her own amusement, but I can’t help but express some embarrassment.
“I, umm…” My ploy is now obvious as we stop walking. I look around for some sort of escape, but I’m completely surrounded. “I have to be honest here.”
“Please do,” Sybil replies with a chuckle as her entertainment for the night forces an honest laugh.
“I have absolutely no clue who anyone is. I…” Gesturing back to where the Captain and Admiral stand, I can’t conceal my shame any longer.
“Ah,” Sybil jests as though she’s fully relieved by the truth. “You’re not the only one, Clay,” she informs me, her laugh turning into a gently curved smirk on lips begging to be kissed. Her civility puts me at ease. Her calm demeanor reassuring me that I’m not a total fool. “Here,” she begins while giving my arm a light tug while continuing our slow stroll. “Watch this.”
Meandering through the crowd, Sybil stops at a small group not too terribly enamored by themselves.
“Gentlemen,” Sybil begins with a smile. “It’s so good to see you!” The small group of ladies and gentlemen give smiles and kind words, the men closest to her not relegating their glance solely to her beautiful face. “My escort here, the good Leftenant Clay, failed to mention you were here,” she prods with a light jab to my ribs. The group chuckles along and assures her it’s not a problem.
“Leftenant,” a couple of the men offer as I remark kindly in return.
“Ms. Sybil, here,” I counter, “is not one for apologies, so I must refrain from such.”
After words of kindness having gone around, smiles and light handshakes after formalities, the group offers parting words of goodbye hailed Sybil’s way. We graciously part from the group as Sybil gently pulls me along, myself willing to be the short end of the joke.
“Who was the first gentleman you spoke with?” I ask from the corner of my mouth.
“I have no idea,” she responds with a gesture all the same, not concerned with keeping her cluelessness and act of deceit a secret. “It actually doesn’t matter, Clay,” she tells me as we walk, Sybil eyeing other groups to be her next unsuspecting victims. “No one really cares who you are anyways,” she continues. “All anyone cares about, what they really care about, is how you make them feel about themselves. Be kind and gracious, my good Captain,” she says before stopping and facing myself. “And always remember to look the part. How do you feel right now?” she asks honestly.
It takes me a second, but as her calm expression reflects onto me, I give a light shrug and try to be honest. “A little humbled,” I tell her. “Maybe…a little out of place.”
Sybil gives a half smile, leans in, and lands a gentle kiss to my cheek while placing a hand on my shoulder epaulette. She stands upright again, looking into my eyes. “And now?”
“Better.” A quick smile escapes before I reclaim it. Others notice – and I begin to understand. “This way, then,” I offer while extending my arm to her.
“My honorable Captain,” she confides while taking my arm and pulling me close. “Off to our next misadventure.”
We continue walking through the crowd and randomly stopping to talk to other uniformed members. They seem happy just to say hello. Some of them probably don’t hear a word I say once they lay eyes on Sybil, but the show of it all is really the whole point. Our little group begins to grow, compliments a-la-Sybil, where she seems content to be the subject of conversation. I don’t blame her. She has to be used to such a thing by now. She is graceful and beautiful. Who wouldn’t want to capture some of her attention? I suggest grabbing her a drink from the bar in an attempt to find some usefulness.
“Yes. Thank you, Clay,” she says charmingly, letting her hand slide along my arm as I slip away.
Moments later, I find a shallow opening at the bar as we are made to call out drink orders like placing bets on the trade floor.
‘This isn’t working,’ I tell myself as the drinks never produce. I leave the bar and begin to meander around in the hopes that possibly, maybe, there’s a stand somewhere serving drinks in the peripherals. I make my way down a short hallway and emerge in a smaller room with standing tables, low lights, and a few couples coming and going.
In the corner is a waist-high table draped with white linen which is typically the universal signal for BAR. The bartender isn’t too terribly busy and, based on the size of space she controls, doesn’t have a broad selection. Regardless, I wait and watch.
With her back turned to me, she accomplishes some busy tasks here and there. Her dark hair is loose and hangs just above her shoulders. The white shirt clings to her body as it is tucked into black pants. Her movements are deliberate, her manner calm. I’m sure she assumes someone is standing here, though it feels self-centered to think so. As she works behind the makeshift bar, she holds up a hardball glass as two ice cubes lift from a bucket before being caught in the glass with a sweeping motion. She busies herself before adding the brown liquid. It takes me a minute, but I’m not sure I saw that correctly as I look around to see if anyone else noticed. No?
I continue to watch and wait. Maybe I’m crazy. She keeps working and shuffling things around before setting down two glasses next to each other by the ice bucket. Two cubes float out of the bucket and land in the glass. Still…nobody? It feels foolish to stand here, though I know she’s busy. I put a knuckle to my chin and clear my throat while looking around. She quickly stops what she’s doing, seeming to jump a little as she turns around. Seeing me there, she gives the corporate smile and greeting while straightening her shirt.
“What can I get you, Sir?”
Her voice is controlled and soothing. She looks at my uniform, then back to me before setting her hands on the bar. Her naturally darker skin is a contrast to her shirt, a compliment to her hair, and a tribute to her mocha colored eyes. Her lips are painted a deep wine red and noticeably soft, though distance exists between us. It takes me some time to think. For a moment I forget where I am, what I was doing, and the presence of those around me. She is the first to notice the quiet, her eyes shifting around with the glimmer of a smile, which brings me back to now.
“The umm,” I begin. “Wine. Anything, really.” Another quiet moment.
“Just the one?” she asks with the quick flash of a white smile before pursing her lips together, hiding the deep wine color.
“Two,” I finally get out with some embarrassment.
“Right,” she replies while slowly and gracefully setting to her work. She pours and casts a glance before setting the glasses down in front of me. I randomly pull money from my pocket and set it in the jar, taking the glasses before noticing the fifty sitting atop ones and fives. Damn.
She looks at the jar and then to myself with a smirk while she slowly works. “You can switch that out if you want,” she says, still with a look and smirk.
“Oh,” I say before making a dismissive face and shaking my head. “I meant to do…that. This is very…imported…wine.” I do my best to sound as if I have a clue what I’m talking about. She continues smirking, which is slowly growing into a smile.
“It’s ten dollars a box,” she says quietly as if to preserve what intellectual integrity I had left. She puts a glass over here, folds a napkin there.
“Well,” I say, looking around to make sure I’m not holding up the line. “In that case I’ll…have seventy two of these.” She lets out a laugh before quickly placing a hand to her lips to retain tempered control. Her short burst of amusement is contagious and forces a mild chuckle from myself.
“I don’t have that many glasses. You’ll have to come back, Sir.”
“Clayton,” I reply quickly as I look to her nametag. “Mrs. Audrey.”
“Miss.”
“Ms. Audrey,” I correct. “Then I’ll be back, it seems.”
She smiles from behind closed lips as another customer lines up behind me. “I’ll wait here, it seems,” she mocks as I turn away.
I walk through the crowd of the little room as it begins to thin for the night. The main hall remains heavily occupied. It will still be a maze to find my way anywhere. In the distance, I can see Sybil with another small group. She laughs as they smile, so she seems to be content enough. She’ll be fine.
I find a good-looking couple without drinks and hand them my glasses of wine. They thank me, though I know they don’t want them, offer a ‘Sir, Ma’am,’ and head back into the little room.
“A refill so soon?” Audrey asks as she looks at my empty hands.
“Well,” I begin. Think. “It’s hot in there.” A smirk forms on her face as she fills two more glasses and sets them on the cloth.
I stand to the side of the bar as a few patrons come and go, but the place is really starting to die down. We make small talk as the bar itself becomes less and less important. Time passes as we cross off small talk topics. She’s noticeably antsy before she checks her watch. That’s my cue.
“I’m holding you up,” I say while standing up straight – uniform coat ends tugged down with a tap on the sword hilt.
“No,” she replies while putting things together and bringing the tip jar closer. “You’re not. I’m on no schedule, really. It’s my own time, so you’re fine.” She’s not looking at me much. I’ve worn out my welcome.
“I’ll leave you to it, then,” I say while patting the white cloth a couple times.
“Do you have to be somewhere?” Audrey asks. “Back to your date?”
I look around and think as I notice she’s looking at me. I take out my pocket watch and check the time before clicking it shut. I look around quickly for Sybil. “No. No date. Just…” my words trailing off while shrugging.
Audrey finishes up and grabs her things. Coming out from behind the makeshift bar with coat draped over clasped hands, she looks around at nothing important. We begin walking to the foyer to grab my overcoat, leaving two glasses of warm red wine on a lonely table.
With my coat unbuttoned and hat in hand, Audrey stops and turns to me before we exit.
“…You hungry?”
Chapter 5
It’s still dark on the Brauma Space Port as we continue orbiting around the dark planet below. Lights dot along continents now visible from space. If night isn’t your thing while in port, then you only have to wait four hours for the sun to rise as it continues to orbit. Audrey and I stay together as we scoot and pardon our way past others coming and going. To us it is getting late, but to others it may be their morning.
Space Ports are always a buzz of activity from below, along the streets, and overhead to ensure there’s never a dull moment. Audrey buttons her coat from the chill of orbital night as I hold onto my hat with one hand. The passing ships create a breeze that gusts down from above. I look up as we walk, watching a large ship passing overhead with its engines at an idle hum. Audrey notices me watching and chuckles at my ability to be so easily amused.
“You get used to it,” she says, taking my arm and continuing to navigate me across the street. “Is it like yours?”
“No,” I reply, forcing myself to break away from the sight. “Ours aren’t nearly as big. Maybe a quarter of that size. My ship isn’t enclosed and we have to man the sails.”
She looks at me a little sideways like I’m making fun of her as we arrive at a transport stop. She doesn’t ask, so I smirk to myself with an expression that says ‘seriously.’ I look around as others gather where we stand.
“What’s your plan, exactly?” I ask.
Audrey reaches up and takes off my hat before handing it to me. “There’s not much room for that,” she says as I fiddle with the silver brim. “We’ll take the transport to a good diner I know. Do you have time?” I nod and agree, just glad to be along, watching the transporter descend and hover in front of us as the doors open. We shuffle and board with a group of strangers, through there’s enough room to not be crammed in like sheep.
Lifting up and away, I can see much of the station as we fly just over the highest buildings. The view from the window shows planets floating in the distance encapsulated by blues and greens, other transports passing in different directions, ships of all kinds coming and going from their slips, and the dim yellow-orange of the star slipping around our host planet.
The station is alive with activity from so many ships and lights, people and places, that I’m compelled to let out a smile. I have never been on such an advanced port with as many landings and floating docks as this, so I’m not about to pass up the opportunity. I hand Audrey my hat and reach for the door handle.
Audrey looks to the handle, then back to me in a short state of shock. “No,” she says calmly yet wide eyed. “Hey. What are you doing!?” she stammers without knowing exactly what she should do.
I don’t look to her as I let out a laugh, pull the handle, and slide the door open. A rush of cold fills the transport as others complain, but I grab hold from the inside and lean out the door. The wind blows through my coat and across my face as I watch ships and buildings pass by. I extend my arm and hang a leg out in the open as the transport begins to slow down, the pilots obviously upset by my decision, but we keep up with traffic as faster transports fly around us.
I can hear her shouting at me from inside, but the rushing sound in my ears mostly drowns her out. I hold on as long as I can before the strong wind strains me too much. With both arms, I pull myself inside as Audrey slams the door shut. I can’t help but smile as she fusses – she does so with a smile, though.
“What the hell is wrong with you!?” Audrey exclaims as she shoves the hat into my chest. I straighten my hair and adjust my coat as the others around me fume.
“You’ve never done that before?” I catch my breath and look out the windows with a smile.
“NO! That’s why I’m still alive!”
“HEY!” a pilot shouts from the front of the transport. Shit. He’s mad. The pilots have a few choice words for me as we come to the nearest stop before they kick us out more so than let us out.
“So,” I say, putting on my hat and looking around. “Where are we?”
“About a mile short of where we should have been, thanks to you,” Audrey says while walking in what is perceived as the correct direction. “You owe me a mile,” she huffs while moving at a good speed. I make sure I don’t bump into anyone as I catch up and keep pace beside her.
We don’t look directly at each other, but she does a pretty good job of trying to contain a smile.
The place she chose is little more than a street side diner, but the service is quick and the food really isn’t that bad. We talk and jest each other as we eat. She asks about what I do and I tell her, though it takes some convincing that our ship really does have sails.
Being in the company of Audrey is something I have been missing, though I never knew it. If it isn’t funny then she doesn’t laugh. If it’s not interesting then she doesn’t pry. She’s genuinely charming, someone I felt the need to be around.
As good things usually do, our time together comes to an end. It’s just a short walk to her building, much to my disappointment. We exchange a few words as we stand near the entrance. Audrey fidgets with her clutch while looking around and responding to my remarks in brief one or two word sentences.
“So…do you,” she begins while gesturing with her hand and scrunching her face a bit, “…want me to make you a coffee? Or something?”
I tap my hands behind my back and smile an honest smile. “Coffee?” I ask inquisitively. “A little late isn’t it?”
Audrey quickly points to the horizon. “Well. It’s morning now,” she says with a nervous laugh. “And you’ll have to find a different transport now. That or walk.”
That gets a shared chuckle between us. Her humor and scheming is contagious.
“Ok,” I say while putting my hands up slightly. “I’m convinced. A quick cup and I’ll get a head start.”
“Ok,” she says with a relieved and satisfied smile. “Good.”
I let out a quiet and deep breath as I take off my hat before following her inside.
‘Don’t do anything stupid.’
The first thing I notice about her condo is the view. From the door, I can see a wall of glass with the Space Station skyline as the sun creates an aura around the planet. It fills the room with orange and blue, the lights from buildings and ships dotting across the landscape against the vast backdrop of space and stars. Audrey takes my hat and coat before I slowly walk across the living room to get a better look from the window.
“That’s amazing,” I say to the scene.
“Yeah,” Audrey replies in a knowing voice. She mills around the kitchen to start the coffee, but honestly I can’t get past the view of ships coming and going. The pot comes to life as she crosses her arms and walks to the window. “This was my parents place. They left it to me a couple of years ago.” She doesn’t emphasize where they went or why, so I take it as a hint not to ask. She stands next to me while looking to the normal spots she usually would, hopefully not thinking me simple for admiring something so ordinary to her.
“Hey,” she says, reaching for my arm. “You’re missing one.” Touching a loose thread where a button should have been, her fingers pull at the strings on my cuff.
I look to my wrist, letting out a light grunt as the two threads stick up. “I’ve got more,” I say while making sure more aren’t missing. “Probably here somewhere. When I took off my coat, most likely.”
Audrey looks around on the ground where we stand. I try to help, knowing it really doesn’t matter as Audrey reaches out and holds onto the last known location of the now AWOL button. She slowly guides me around as she searches. I insist it doesn’t matter, so she turns to me – still holding onto my arm.
The look on her face tells me she needs to make a statement, like there’s something important that needs pointing out. Reaching, I tuck a strand of hair past her face. Audrey doesn’t protest. She doesn’t flinch or pull away. Her round, mocha hues look to me as she slides her hand to mine. Running a finger around her ear, I allow the back of my fingers to slide down her neck, gracefully yet barely touching her soft skin. The space between us begins to succumb to the laws of gravity and physics. Somewhere out there, a law must exist stating that two objects are naturally pulled towards one another. She inches closer to me in the dim room, but she’s biding her time.
“Isn’t there somewhere you need to be?” I ask in an easy voice while sliding my hand to her waist. She blinks and shakes her head while a light smirk forms in the corner of her mouth. The unknown gravity law continues its work as her breathing thins. “Maybe I should leave,” I say as she helps my hand slide around her waist, giving a couple light shakes of her head. “Do you want me to leave?”
It’s just a game at this point. There’s no escaping from her as she reaches up and takes my face in her hand, pulling me in for a soft and warm kiss. Again, she shakes her head and smiles before I gently return the favor.
Pulling each other close, we both know where this is leading, but we seem to have the need to convince ourselves that it won’t go any further. Her kiss takes more than it gives, having a sense of delayed satisfaction that I don’t mind providing. Her touch means more than it says while her hands wrap around my neck and tug on the black ribbon, letting my hair fall freely. I allow my hands to wander more than I like to admit, but she doesn’t seem to mind as she presses herself to me. Time seems to have stopped as the space around us exists for the sole purpose of allowing room for us to get to know one another.
Audrey reaches and unbuttons my uniform top, pulling the sleeves down as I take hold and pull the white shirt up over her head. She makes up for the lost time by lifting up a leg before I help her hop into my lap. A little laugh comes from within her, but she retains focus to go after what she wants. I hold onto her legs while she continues to determine which angle is best to steal a kiss, her hands running through my hair and along my back, pressing her hips against my waist.
With a quick reach, I tap on her high heels, knocking them carelessly to the floor. Reaching up, I take her cheek and pull her lips to mine for a prolonged kiss. I stumble awkwardly for a moment, trying not to anticipate what she may do next. Her body warms from our touch, her heartbeat now noticeable as it deepens with every press from her body and light nibble of her lower lip. The sun’s light continues to fill the room, the silhouette from her body and the soft curves of her desire haloed by the star’s yellow-orange glow.
“Audrey,” I let out, finding myself somewhere between a question and a statement.
“Yeah,” she replies, her eyes closed as I kiss from her neck to her cheek. She answers a question I didn’t ask, but one she wants me to, it seems. I stagger us toward the bed, allowing gravity to take hold of our bodies once my legs find the edge. I climb as she pushes away, one hand having the death grip on the back of my shirt. With enough room created, she locks her legs around me as my shirt is tossed carelessly to its resting place for the foreseeable future.
We continue to tug and toss until she arches her back to allow me room for the always frustrating singlehanded test of manhood which, I’m afraid I must admit, my record time isn’t one to boast. Still, she ensures we are occupied as I feel and twist, finally achieving success in a time that isn’t anything to be proud of.
Audrey’s movements begin to relax, though the slow burn within her hasn’t subsided. Running my hands along her skin, kissing up her stomach and chest, I feel her settle as her hands rest above the pillow. She surrenders. It’s at this time that a woman’s eyes change to a look that is seen nowhere else, a look that only exists in this moment. That look told me to slow us down. To take our time. To refrain from asking because it’s a waste of breath. I ease down to her slowly and touch my lips to the base of her neck, allowing my hands to explore her fingers before working my way down. As I do so, Audrey regains the pressed touch between us as I move along.
The morning continues, as do we. The facade of a single sheet half-draped over us as a way to preserve what little decorum that needs to remain during these first small moments, but that is soon dismissed as we become more comfortable with one another. 
The details of what happened next, which moments passed before others, are always worth remembering. For the sake of dignity and not wanting to understate that time, though, those moments are not worth attempting to write down in words. Doing so wouldn’t do her justice, nor would it capture that exact moment when you want to tell someone you love them when you both feel a change – even though you know it isn’t true.
***
With the curtains closed, though doing a poor job of creating an artificial night for us, Audrey lays with the sheet pulled up to her back and her head on my stomach as I slowly run my fingers through her hair. We talk for a while, she asking more questions than I. She seems to know a lot about the fleets, though she isn’t too interested in finite details. I tell her what I know, confirming what she assumed is a short visit on Brauma.
“…And I’ll never see you again,” she says the wall, not finding it necessary to address me directly. I don’t confirm or deny anything, though I try to think of something intelligent to say while looking through thin curtains and sliding my fingers through her hair.
“You will,” I lie, not knowing one minute to the next what the future really holds.
She doesn’t ask how, just lets the silence tell the truth and allow her to hope for the best. I think for a second and look at my coat draped over the chair. She lifts her head and allows me to slink off the bed as I reach into the coat pocket and return to the sheets. Audrey slides up and rests her head on the pillow, an arm wrapped around me to pull us closer together. She watches with mild curiosity as I produce two black spherical objects the size of large marbles. I place one of them on the bed next to me and roll the other in my hand. I look at Audrey with a little smirk.
“This is where you come in,” I say, messing with the object.
Her interest perks up a little, but she really is confused. “Whaaat…what is it?” she asks with genuine curiosity.
I hold my hand out with the spherical object in my palm. “I need you to lift it.”
Audrey smirks as she pulls the sheet up to her nose and her eyes smile. She rolls onto the pillow with quick shakes of her head. Not taking my eyes from her, I move my hand up and down as she shakes her head again.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” she says and shirks away.
“I saw the ice.”
“No you didn’t,” she laughs. I tug on the sheet as she fights to keep it in place, eventually losing with a brief squeal and putting her hands over her face. I sit up straight, let out a frustrated sigh, and hold my hand out flat again.
“If you do it, then you’ll be able to see me again. I promise.”
That gets her attention as her guard begins to relax. She quickly looks to the marble, back to me, and to the marble again. Sliding an arm out of the sheets, she turns her hand upright and slowly lifts it a few inches. Audrey watches as the marble floats and remains suspended a few feet above the bed. She pulls the sheet back to her with clenched fingers, exchanging looks between it and I.
With a short lean, I move closer to her for a soft and quiet kiss, feeling her push back on me as I do so. I’m crazy about her – and she knows it.
Slowly, quietly, the room begins to dim as even the light from the thin curtains is consumed. It’s as if an eclipse has covered the sun and only this room is affected. The suspended object floats as a dim light begins to emit from within. Audrey slowly sits up and leans back against the headboard as her eyes fixate on the light. The dimness grows, a bright blue and white light glowing from within the marble. The light extends in rays stretching to the walls. Small specks of white filter out from the rays within the room to fill the space with blue and white, red and yellow, big and small, far and near like handfuls of sand glowing and floating through the air. The rays fade as the specks of light glow. Some are dim, some are bright. Some are around us, some are behind. The room becomes dark as the specks illuminate the room.
It takes her a second, but eventually she finds the simple words. “What is it?”
“It’s a map,” I reply with the beginnings of a smile. I couldn’t help but watch her eyes shift amongst the multitude of lights.
“And these are stars?” she asks, reaching up and passing her hand through a few white dots in front of her. 
I make an assuring sound, sitting up in the bed and extending a finger to a planet near the floating orb. Touching a blue icon in the shape of a sailing ship, a segment of information appears in yellow.
‘Argo’ the block reads. ‘10-4.5-159-0001’ with ‘0knts’ and ‘docked’ in a list next to the ship.
I reach up and give the orb a little twist as the lights, ship, and automated list slowly spin in a circle. Audrey smiles and lets the stars pass through her hands. Around us are other ships and numbers in streaks of different colors.
“Are these all of your ships?” she asks while sliding next to me on the bed.
“No,” I answer, watching the stars rotate around the room and looking to the colorful trails of the other ships. “The map is just picking them up as they pass nearby. We don’t see all of them, just most of the larger ones.”
As we watch, Audrey wraps her arms around me, resting her chin on my shoulder as her hair lays against my skin. “Will you still see this place when you go?” she asks, giving me a tighter squeeze.
“I will, but you’re keeping this one. That way you can always see where we are and when we’re coming back.”
“When you’re coming back,” Audrey echoes in a low voice, her lips against my skin.
I reach up and take the map in my hand, allowing the natural light to fill the room as it was before. Audrey sits back against the headboard with the sheet pulled up to her, messing with her hair as she watches. I place the map in her hand and curl her fingers closed before she fiddles with it, though her eyes remain focused on me.
“I’m sure your job is stressful.” She leans back and watches my expressions, rolling the map between her hands. “It must take a lot out of you. Isn’t there someone you can talk to back home. Is there someone…like me?” she asks with a slight inflection. She doesn’t look at me, just focuses her attention on someplace of her own.
I slide closer and touch her chin as she slowly turns for a kiss. “No,” I tell her between light kisses. “There is no other you.” She lets out a light breath and smirk. She doesn’t demand proof, but I’m not going to try and convince her if she doesn’t believe me. “And me?”
“No,” she says with a smile, turning her attention back to the map. “No other you.” She watches me slide next to her while leaning on an arm as I look out the window. “You’re a true Gentleman. A genuine and honest man. I don’t know how there could be another you.” 
I look at her and give a smirk of a smile before sliding to the side. Sitting on the edge of the bed, I watch a ship’s lights brightly flicker through thin curtains. I scan the skies in search of a shooting star as memories and images flow through my mind.
Audrey slides up from behind me while clinging the sheet to her body. Her movements are smooth and deliberate, her hand moing up my arm and around to my chest. With her cheek on the back of my neck, she touches a light kiss to my skin. Audrey continues the gesture, giving me time to think while running her fingers along my chest.
“I hope that’s who I am,” I say while watching ships float away in the distance.
“Of course that’s who you are,” Audrey replies in a soft and sweet voice. She wraps her arms tighter around me and gives a squeeze with a wonderful sound from within her, linking her fingers together while pressing her lips to my shoulder. She speaks in a whisper of a voice while she closes her eyes. “Who else would you be?”
Chapter 6
Thirteen Years Ago – Clayton’s Resident Planet of Thera
The only reason I’m calling it quits for the night is accredited to the fact that they no longer let me run a tab here anymore. After Jimmy sent his Gumba’s to come find me and collect on their apparently short lines of credit, I took the message loud and clear. I couldn’t believe it – after all that time Jimmy finally called me out. I don’t blame him and he doesn’t hate me, but he finally called my bluff, myself knowing it would happen eventually. I only keep coming back because Jimmy is still the only one who slides me a free cold one every once and awhile.
Tonight is coming to a close like most usually do. Broke, only half-drunk, and very little incentive for me to be anywhere. Standing by the street, I take out a cigarette and light it with as much enthusiasm as turning on a light. The early autumn night air is saturated with a sheet of misty rain from which there is no escape. It blows sideways, straight down, and in circles around my legs. No way around it.
“Brilliant,” I say to myself before beginning to trek back to my place. With cigarette in mouth and hands in pockets, I’m in no rush to get there. No one is waiting for me nor knows where I am. I do know one thing, though. I can’t remember how I got myself to this point.
Ok, so that’s a lie. Another terrible habit I need to break.
The rain picks up a bit, so I take refuge under one of the awnings stretched over the sidewalk along the rows of shops and bars. No one notices me as they pass. I don’t recognize any of them, but I can probably take a guess as to what they are. Workers, clerks, cooks, mechanics, Sailors, students, and housewives. Everyone out on the town for what seems an enjoyable and anticipated night.
“Here’s what I think of that,” a young and obviously drunk guy says amongst his group of friends. They were already putting on their coats as they exit a loud and crowded bar. While standing under the awning, the drunk crumples up a few papers and slams them into the trash. The others laugh and make comments as he does so.
They can’t believe he did that, nor do they really try to stop him. He takes something else out of his coat pocket and dooms it to the same fate as the crumpled papers. The group of drunk assholes begins walking in the opposite direction from me as distance and rain muffle their voices.
I stand there and smoke, just watching the group walk away. I look to the trashcan with mere interest and begin taking steps towards it. The beauty of dumpster diving in my situation is that no one knows who I am, save for Jimmy, even though he would think it’s typical of me. Flicking away the cigarette, I reach into the bin and feel around.
Beer can, beer can. What is that!? Papers.
Pulling out the crumpled papers, I return to the pit of unknown horrors in a search for the little box looking thing he also threw in. Eventually, I settle on something and pull it out. It’s not a box, but rather a booklet. A passport at that. I quickly look around for anyone who may have been watching, though they’re probably trying to ignore me, before I tuck the papers and passport into my coat pocket and walk to the end of the street.
Alone, though slightly paranoid, I pull out the papers and do my best to open them straight. There are three or four pages stapled together. At the top is a blue crest of some sort on a document that seems official and dated nearly a month ago.
After reviewing your profile and in keeping with tradition of the Republic of Thera, His Majesty and the Defense Ministry have selected you for attendance at the Defense Armed Forces Military Academy. You will report to the Defense Ministry offices in your district of YULA for processing and transfer no later than Remdara 12th, 2628. From there you will…
I stop and try to think of what it really means.
‘Thera’s conscripting…’
I flip through the pages and see that there’s all kinds of information. I’m not really sure what it tells me, but it seems official enough. Folding the papers, I pull out the passport and flip through the pages. His hair is a little longer than mine and he sports just a few days worth of stubble. Other than that, he looks to be one in a crowd of thousands. I look to the name beside his picture – Clayton Landon Wade.
I give a quick glance back to where he and his group had disappeared. Nope, they weren’t coming back. Well…he didn’t seem to care much for it and, to be honest, probably won’t come back for it. I stuff the passport along with the papers in my coat, doing my best to keep them dry as I walk back to my place.
‘The twelfth. Just a few days from now…’
Brauma Space Port – Audrey’s Apartment – Six Hours Prior to Launch
I’m not exactly sure what time it is, but I do know that Audrey has more energy than I to be up and moving around already. A check of the clock – 5:42am – way too early for today. The sound of her shower brings me back to reality. Audrey’s spot is empty, her pillow having been shoved up and away.
Stepping out from the bathroom, pursued by a plume of steam, Audrey stops drying her hair when she sees me putting on my uniform.
“I thought,” she begins, looking at me as if wondering how I figured out how to dress myself. “I thought you had more time.” Without another word, she quickly walks to the closet.
“I should get a head start,” I reply sheepishly. I knew she wouldn’t be happy.
“No – just…” I hear her say as items are moved and tossed around the closet. “Maybe start some coffee real quick? Umm…”
I do as she intends. She’s making me stall for time. Still, I do as she commands and fumble around the kitchen.
By the time I pour two fresh cups, Audrey has finished drying her hair and getting dressed. “I…wanted to go with you. To the docks. This morning, that is.” She’s fidgeting with her hands, but I can’t help but stop and let my eyes give my response. Her hair is straightened, white platform sandals under a strapless, light blue sundress flared above the knees.
“Audrey,” I say, shamelessly allowing myself to take in the sight of her. Walking over, I take her waist in my hands. Her arms reach up and hang on my shoulders as we near, slowly tilting her face for a light kiss. “You’re gorgeous,” I whisper, though noticing she’s not smiling. I pull her close to me, the tight feeling of her arms wrapping around my neck to keep me close makes me hold on to this moment. “We’ll go together,” I say into her hair, taking in the tight feeling of her arms holding fast.
With our coats on, we make our way outside where she helps me put my hat on straight, a blue cockade held in place under a gold strap and threading. With the warm air around the port, my open coat gently blows as Audrey walks beside me, fingers tightly locked in mine, my other hand firmly on the hat to keep it from blowing away. The sound of the sword scabbard clinks as it taps on my leg, the high embroidered collar of my uniform prominently displaying a silver anchor on either side. We stand out like sore thumbs – the two of us being so different – but we never notice the glances.
As we walk to the transport stop, Audrey has a grip on my hand, pulling herself close as we prepare to board. We look out of place, Audrey and I, dressed as though we are going to something enjoyable. Audrey doesn’t say much as we fly through the city, just leans against me and presses my arms around her. Closer to the docks, the naked masts of the Argo stretch up and out from the dock.
“Is that it?” she asks quietly.
I acknowledge with a sound from within, watching as the masts disappear while we descend to the nearest stop. After retrieving the bags from my pristine hotel room, Audrey and I stand on the dock next to the Argo. It’s a busy place this morning with the men coming and going. They continue to prepare for the launch. I have to report to the Commander soon, though I’m sure they will notice me standing here with Audrey before too long.
Audrey watches the business of the docks. Men and cranes, shouts and calls, she keeps asking questions to fill the void and act as though I won’t leave. Before long I hear a familiar voice.
“Welcome back, Leftenant,” the Commander says while finishing up his paperwork on the dock. I turn and salute with an acquainted ‘Sir’ as he makes his way over to us. He returns the salute and stops just short as he sees Audrey step out to see who I’m talking to. “The good Leftenant,” Commander Hudson says while extending a hand to her, “so accompanied by the very lovely…”
“Audrey, Sir,” I introduce as he takes her hand with a shallow bow to her.
“Of course,” he says with her hand in his. “The lovely Ms. Audrey.” He smiles as she returns the gesture, admiring his bright red coat and double shoulder epaulettes. Commander Hudson looks to me with an expression of being impressed and surprised as though I were never capable of such a beautiful woman. He returns his attention to Audrey as I place my hands behind my back and clear my throat. ‘Her hand,’ it implies.
“Right,” the Commander says, releasing her hand and resuming his stature. “Well then, Mr. Wade. About your duties, then.” I acknowledge and salute, watching the Commander steal one last glance before ensuring I hear his boots announce his departure. The men are returning to the ship as the dock becomes even more crowded. The Captain is overheard asking where I am. Audrey notices, as well.
With a few quick dings of the bell and a high-pitched whistle in the air, Audrey looks as though she’s about to speak before closing her mouth and glancing to anywhere but me. Watching her face, I lift a hand to her chin and return her attention to us. Her eyes lightly glisten before she fiddles with the buttons on my coat and pats down my lapel so as to make it lay flat. I can feel myself slipping away from her though we remain standing here together.
“I’ll write you, yeah?” I tell her, trying to get her to say something as she keeps her eyes from mine. “Do I have to refer to you as Audrey?” I ask with a light smirk. My expression reflects on her as she lets out a slight chuckle while shaking her head in silent thought. “I would address it as sweetheart, but I’m afraid that’s too tacky for a –”
“No,” she interjects with a forced smile as she avoids eye contact. “Sweetheart is perfect.” Audrey takes a deep breath and exhales before touching a finger to the side of her eye.
“Audrey,” I say calmly as calls for boarding sound out.
“Go,” she tells me, an understanding in her voice. Her smile makes an appearance, but it’s not really one of pure happiness. I lean in and feel her kiss, holding it as long as I can as her hands grip my wrists.
“Ok,” I say quietly, one last look into her eyes as she fights it back. I turn and walk away with bags in hand and head up the gangplank. Audrey turns and messes with her face before returning to look towards the Argo, hands together at her waist. I take my place on the quarterdeck next to the Commander, standing with the Officers as whistles call out.
“STOW – LINES!” First Mate Jenkins calls as chains release from the dock and slip up into the ship. The whining of the engine picks up, the bell tolls twice, and the Argo begins to slip backwards from the dock. I can see her there, looking right at me as we slowly pull further away from her. The shadows of hull and mast slip over the docks and past other ships tethered nearby. Crewmen from the ships stop and watch us taxi out, some of them talking to one another as they watch. I glance towards Audrey before she lets out a little wave.
The Commander nudges me on the shoulder – the sign to comply.
Turning my head to her, I free an arm and give a shallow wave in her direction.
She takes a couple steps forward, watching us continue to slip away, the Argo turning to prepare for forward propulsion. The engines pick up and we begin to cruise, the vibration and concussion of the engines reverberating throughout and around us as we increase speed.
Audrey slowly steps and watches amongst a crowd of no one but her noticing the Argo leaving. In the distance, it burns a blue light from the engines, quickly taking him from her. Now alone, Audrey looks around and finds herself as she was before they met.
That evening for Audrey was difficult, but the night is proving torturous. Her nightshirt and pants about her, barefoot with a glass of wine on the couch, she sits in the stale darkness and quiet of her apartment. She glances out the window occasionally, hoping the sound of distant engines is the Argo returning for some unknown problem, but it never happens.
Reaching out, she touches the marble floating just in front of her. A light touch of her finger and the light grows, glowing white as the stars and nearby planets return. She watches, her eyes fixed on one object in the star-lit room before reaching out and touching the icon of a ship with sails. Turning from blue to green, the ship provides the information she needs.
Argo: Nelsonian; Kingdom of Thera
Status: Fully Operational
Guns: Charged
Distance: 287-003-1, -2, -3…
***
Eleven Years Ago – Defense Armed Forces Military Academy; Planet Thera
With two years at the Academy under by belt, I felt I had finally started to get the hang of things. My first year consisted of nothing but trying to catch up to all of my peers and understand the simplest aspects of military life, but the second year was more about keeping up with what little understanding I had gained.
I volunteered for various training over the previous summer. One was with the Army, which was an exercise in being miserable, while the other was with the Navy. The first time I traveled into space on a cruiser, I was sold. The problem was, I had to sign up for classes I knew were beyond my ability. I was sure the remaining two years would see me locked in the library. Still, I had a few months before making my request for which service I was most interested.
This morning is my first class with an actual naval instructor who has recently been in combat against the Scavengers. Other cadets know quite a bit about the situation with a growing threat referred to as the Hinn, but I’m virtually clueless outside of rumors and unintelligible news reports. A final check of my white and blue cadet uniform, making sure I didn’t nick myself shaving, my service cap on straight, and I’m off to class amongst the other five thousand cadets.
“Were any of you able to do a tour with the Navy?” the instructor asks from the front of a stoic class. A few hands go up as it gives him some reinforcement. “Those cruisers are like a bus for tourists compared to the rest of the fleet. I’ll bet some of you felt that you could take the fight to the enemy right then and there.” It gets a mild chuckle from some and a smirk from myself. To be honest, I was hoping we would have at least seen some of the fleet’s battle craft on our short journey, but I was just short of disappointed when my expectations didn’t materialize.
“I’m not here to sell you on joining the Navy. I’m here to show you some of our capabilities, things you will need to know for your mission planning exams at the end of the year. As time goes on, we will dive deeper into how the fleet organizes itself and how we execute our mission.” He flips through the pictures and shows some videos, most of them for recruiting, but some are actual footage.
There are some oooh’s and ahhh’s floating around the class, but most everyone wants to see the massive battle cruisers. Some of the ships are so large they can launch smaller ones. Some are basically space’s version of naval surface aircraft carriers. Others are transports, maintenance ships, medical vessels, and exploration vehicles. Towards the end, he flips to a screen showing a massive triple masted ship with solar sails, huge cannons protruding from port holes, and two large burning engines to the rear. Cadets make dismissive sounds and remarks, but the instructor keeps the conversation light.
“The Nelsonian Fleet, ladies and gentlemen,” he says as he makes his way to the screen. Others make comments under their breath, but he ignores them for now. “There’s a lot of questions out there about the reasoning for creating ships based on designs used nearly nine hundred years ago, especially for space travel, but there’s a good reason. There’s no other way we have figured out to harness the renewable energy from space than the solar sails such as these, especially the large quantity of sails required to propel a ship of the line. The design is sleek, maintainable, provides a variety of functions, and is the most mechanically reliable in the universe.”
He continues to talk as others ask questions and make comments. It’s understandable, though. The more modern ships are massive, enclosed structures with the latest technology. They’re everything we assimilate with when thinking interstellar warships, but I can’t help but look back and forth between the sails, guns, and engines. As he flips through the images, he stops on one of Officers standing on deck. One is apparently the Captain standing in his blue and white coat, bicorn hat with a broad gold brim, gold epaulettes and buttons, and white ascot tucked into his high-collared shirt.
“Make fun all you want,” the instructor continues. “These Officers,” he states pointedly while gesturing to the screen, “are the only ones in the Theranean military service with the official title of Gentlemen for a good reason. They sail some of the fastest ships, armed with some of the most powerful and rapidly rechargeable weapons, and come closer to the enemy than most ships in the fleet ever will on a regular, if not daily, basis. When you find yourself in a tough spot,” he says while flipping to another image showing a Nelsonian flying through the middle of cannon blasts, fire, smoke, and debris. “The first thing you will want is one of these.” Some other cadets noticeably start paying attention, though they may not be sold to volunteer for service on these ships.
“The mortality rate on these ships is some of the highest in the fleet. That stark fact, however, is balanced with some of the highest promotion rates in the Navy.” I haven’t stopped listening since he started talking, so every one of his words becomes imprinted on my mind. “Don’t be disillusioned,” he continues. “You will be the first one in nearly every engagement to make contact with the enemy on a Nelsonian. It takes the most strong-willed of leaders, as a Gentleman, to see it through.”
Shortly after class, I walk down a nearby hallway where I stop in an open area of chairs and statues along with objects and images of the Naval Fleet on display behind glass. I set my bag and cap down while slowly walking along the gallery. I stop when I see the uniform of a Nelsonian Captain on display. Standing there, I can see my reflection as if wearing the uniform myself.
“It’s a tough choice,” I hear the naval instructor say as he slowly walks towards me with hands behind his back. “Along with the luring title of Gentleman while wearing one of those.”
“Sir,” I say while coming to the position of attention. He acknowledges and waves me off, allowing me to relax as he approaches.
“I started my career on a Nelsonian,” he continues. “The Intrepid. It’s still in service. That was before I switched to destroyers.”
“Do you miss it, Sir?”
He tilts his head back and forth and makes a questionable face. “I wasn’t happy about leaving. I was newly married then. Our family was growing. It was too much risk for me, to be honest.”
It’s a candid thing to say to a cadet he doesn’t know. I know he means it. He walks to the side of the display and slides the glass open. Reaching inside, he takes hold of a sword and holds it out while unsheathing the blade. Turning it, he extends the grip my way and gestures.
Taking hold of the sword, I turn and hold it up in front of me.
“If you could have stayed…or if you could go back, Sir – would you?” I ask while observing the sword.
He looks at the Captain uniform and to the tip of the sword. “…In a heartbeat.”
Fifth Fleet Military Patrol; Trulette Quadrant – Border Buffer Zone Between Allied and Hinn Space
Further and further away we sail, the vibration of engines resonating throughout the Argo and under our boots. With men in the shrouds and static of the radio in the background, the Captain turns to us with a light nod and a ‘Gentlemen’ as the five of us touch the brim of our hats before turning on our heels and scattering about our business.
Down the short steps from the quarterdeck, I’m just about to make to the gun deck before the Commander’s voice stops me early.
“Mr. Wade!” he calls out, causing me to quickly stop and turn with hands behind my back.
“Sir,” I reply deliberately, watching him and the newly acquired Leftenant Fields descend towards myself. I can see Maury from the corner of my eye, slowing his task as he watches what’s unfolding.
“Leftenant Fields will be accompanying you below in the gun deck for the time being,” the Commander says in a cordial tone. I look to Fields with pressed lips and smiling eyes. He gives a closed lip smile and watches my expression.
“Of course, Sir,” I reply with a quick salute before Fields and I head below.
The Commander, off to his duties, turns and watches us leave before noticing Maury do the same.
“Mr. Maury,” he inquires, returning the Ensign back to his own business.
Maury pretends to resume his work, watching the Commander turn his attention elsewhere.
“Sir,” some of the crewmen say as I lead Leftenant Fields along the gun deck. The men are busy at a steady pace, going through their checks while inspecting the guns and portholes as we continue to pick up speed, sailing into the unknown. Power lines and cables, chains and rope, guns sliding forward and back, gun ports slapping open and closed – it’s a sight that makes me want to be as good at my job as the men are. I introduce Leftenant Fields to my two Midshipmen below, young lads no older than eighteen, who are eager to get into the fight. Putting themselves in harm’s way, I fear, will not be necessary as anywhere on deck may very well be just as dangerous as any other.
“So,” I say as Fields joins me in the middle of the deck to check the digital readers, charts, and gun status indicators. “Lawrence?” I ask in a friendly tone.
“Yes,” he says with an easy smile hiding a slight bout of nervousness and sense of being overwhelmed. “I could never bring myself to be a ‘Larry.’”
I chuckle at his response, causing his nervousness to noticeably ease a little. “I don’t blame you,” I tell him. “Lawrence will be a prominent name in Captain Decatur’s voice. His accent makes it so much more distinguished, I’ve found.”
“Does he call you Clayton?”
“Only when I’ve screwed up,” I jest with a grin and leering eye to Lawrence. He chuckles, knowing his response should be ‘I hope I never do.’ He doesn’t say it, but we both know it’s there. “I’ll assign Midshipman Monroe to you on the fore six guns to starboard,” I say, handing him a booklet and statistics on his guns. “As time goes on and you feel more comfortable, then starboard will likely be yours until the Captain assigns you elsewhere. When’s the last time you had to swap gun power cables due to failure or a gun being put out of commission?”
Lawrence looks to the documents I gave him, around at the busy gun crews, then to his assigned guns hardly visible from the activity. “Swap cables,” he echoes, flipping through his booklets before looking to me.
I stop, stand straight, and look around a bit. “From your previous engagements,” I say easily, watching him take a few final glances before his eyes meet mine. I check the clock, look around, clear my throat, and look to Lawrence. “Right,” I let out, seeing that the men are finishing up their work and beginning to line up for inspection. “Well – first you and I should inspect the men’s work. Then we will go through some battle drills so I can shake off some of the dust of cable swaps, if you should think.”
Lawrence straightens and agrees as we put our hats on straight, joining me as we walk to stern in preparation for the inspection.
“Right,” he affirms. “I could use a good and thorough exercise myself. To get to know the men.”
We toe the line and inspect, Lawrence listening as I talk and check, making ticks on the paperwork while remarking to the men as they glance his way.
They smile friendly enough to him, though just as I, not really sure what to expect. Lawrence is young and handsome, his blue coat and uniform bright and pressed, and boots a new high shine. All of these things they notice, though time will tell what else they come to realize about their new ‘accompanying’ gun deck Officer.
Chapter 7
Area Patrol; Allied Space – Near the Haluvet Galaxy
“Exercise, Exercise, Exercise!” the radio blares, the gun crews standing or crouching with hands on guns and chains, ready to haul them out. The ship picks up speed and turns this way and that to simulate the movement of closing in with an invisible enemy. The men are ready. Not a word is spoken as myself, Lawrence, and the Midshipmen balance ourselves while the ship turns and pitches, yaws and heaves.
The Commander gives the word over the radio.
“RUN THEM OUT, BOYS!”
Lawrence and the Midshipmen relay the command as the men release shouts and calls of the warrior’s rage while heaving on chains and rope, the ports slapping open as the massive guns slide and snap in place, locking into heavy metallic brackets to hold the guns sturdy until they fire. With guns charged, the men are braced and at the ready, shouting angrily out the ports at the enemy that one day will be.
“RIGHT, BOYS! FIRE!” I shout, the guns bursting hot blasts of energy from rear to front along both sides of the Argo. The sound creates a deafening blow to the body as the concussion rocks every part of the ship, sending shockwaves out into space along with massive beams of light and fire into the heart of the universe. Each of the guns slam back into their recharge positions, heating with energy in preparation for another round.
Cosmic smoke of green, blue, and purple swirl along the deck and out the gun ports. The men clamor and heave, grunt and shout as the guns are hauled back into firing position. I give the command and each station begins to swap out power cables as part of the drill. A few additional drills follow, continuing for an hour or so, allowing Lawrence time to get familiar with the sights and sounds of it all.
He’s a bit overwhelmed, but he conceals it well. Lawrence struggles here and there, gets a couple commands backwards, but the men know to be patient. The drills conclude sometime later before we stow the guns and inspect them for the end of our shift, Lawrence now feeling somewhat better of going about the business of high speed and inverted warfare while sailing.
Later that evening, I wasn’t ready to call it a night just yet. Dinner in the Officer’s mess with the Captain, encouraging words from the Commander, and some rumor control amongst the Officers is accomplished before I have time for myself. The night shift has taken over, leaving most of the crew to rest from the day’s work. Tucked away at the bow of the ship, I pick a spot to gather my thoughts and watch the stars slip past in the darkness. Other than voices from some of the men, the creak of the ship, and the flap of a sail – it’s the closest to silence I’m going to get.
“So this makes you everyone’s big brother, it appears,” I hear Samuel Maury say as he approaches with his signature flat-footed walk. With a tall, dark glass of beer in each hand, he hands one over and picks a spot next to me on the rail. Taking the glass, we cheer as I remove my hat, plopping it down nearby and running a hand through my hair.
“That makes him your peer, then,” I say, taking a long first drink before making a face and leaning on the rail.
“Oofph,” Maury sputters, looking around so as to see if anyone is near. “That bad?”
I shake my head and make a face. “Not really. He got the hang of it eventually.” I drink and think, watching a crewman begin climbing the shrouds. “I’d feel better if you were down there with me for the first round, though. You’ve seen enough to know how to anticipate the men. Better down there than managing the deck. The Commander could handle it if the heat isn’t too intense.”
Maury nods a bit, knowing what I’m really saying. “He won’t take over, though,” he states and asks.
“No,” I reply, making quick work of the pint. “Just the forward six guns to the starboard bow,” I continue, wiping condensation from the glass. “Am I supposed to turn the deck over to him?” I look to Maury with an irked expression.
Maury holds what beer he has in his mouth before swallowing, showing his teeth as if it actually burned on the way down. “I don’t know, Clay,” he replies in a legitimately unknowing way while looking to me. I don’t respond, just look around the ship and drink, acknowledging a crewman idly saluting on his passing. We let time pass as we exhale for a moment. “You know just as much as I do, buddy. Nothing new. No hints as to why Lawrence is actually here.” Maury watches me, one arm under the other. “Maybe I’m to be reassigned?”
I shake my head at the notion. “I’ll do what I can for him,” I say, pacing and looking to nowhere. “I’ll tell ya, though, I’m not going to slow down so he can catch up. He’s only got six guns. When I arrived, I took all forty eight at once – our first fight being three days later.”
“…Took the guns after you arrived from the Mighty Fighting Ezra,” Maury adds, causing me to tilt my head in some agreement. Maury thinks to the creaking of a rope before making a face. “Why assign a new Leftenant to take over a forty eight gun ship with no experience? His first mission being this one?” he asks, genuinely questioning and concerned.
In the distance – the very far distance behind us – I can make out a shape and a light from one of our combat ships beginning the larger formation. I shrug at what Maury says. “I don’t have a good feeling about him being down there,” I finally say, honestly thinking about our safety and survival. “After a few rounds – after the first one. If that’s the only one – I’ll declare him capable and recommend he spend some time with the Commander. I don’t want him or the crew having thoughts counter to what I’m trying to do.”
“The men know you’re in charge, Clay. Everyone on this ship looks up to you. Except me, of course. You’re lousy.” A smile grows on me and Maury notices, smiling to himself as that cheap shot comes and goes. “Don’t worry. You’re the greatest this ship has. After a fight or two, the Captain will see that over Lawrence. Once he sees Lawrence lapse a couple times, the Captain will fight to keep you, no matter what the investigators are looking for.”
It doesn’t make me feel much better, but knowing someone else is thinking along the same lines as me is at least a little reassuring.
“Yeah,” I reply dispassionately with arms folded, walking over to retrieve my hat. “Still,” I continue, hat on straight and empty glass in hand as Maury and I tread across the deck for a refill. “I’ll guide him along, but I’m not going to do his job for him.”
Maury makes an agreeable comment under his breath, not really sure if he is for or against the new Leftenant. He’s for the right thing, whatever that may be.
The next morning, I found myself on deck after routine inspections and checks before the monotony dulls my senses. The Argo is positioned as an early warning in front of the main fleet. We think contact with the enemy is possible, though unlikely.
First shift is almost over as Maury begins showing signs of atrophy due to lack of sleep. Taking a drink of freshly poured coffee, I watch as crewmen go about their business, noting the closest unnamed galaxy just off our stern.
The irritating cry of pinging siren snaps me back to reality. In a pure reaction, the coffee cup flies and smashes as I make for the gun deck among shouts and orders. Leftenant Camden calls out for battle stations, the piercing wail of siren causing our blood to flow backwards.
“OUT, BOYS! OUT!” I shout as my boots land hard on the gun deck. The men heave and shout, slapping the ports open as all guns irregularly lock into place. The men race by and around, grabbing onto their guns and laboring the beasts outwards. Lawrence meets me in the middle of the deck, his adrenaline pumping so hard that he breathes as if having just run for miles. I tap him on the shoulder hard as we nod to each other in a silent question of ‘You good?’
Running to the switch, I pull it to second position as the deck glows yellow while the remaining guns run out. “OUT-OUT-OUT!” I shout into the radio before the final guns extend from their ports.
The Commander briefs up the Captain and points in the direction. Three Hinn scouts are in the distance, closing fast and pairing off. “It was shift change so everyone was up and moving around deck, Sir,” he tells the Captain as they take up their posts on the quarterdeck. “They couldn’t have hit us at a worse time for them.”
“Right,” the Captain says. “Deliver their deaths, Commander.”
The guns charge as the lights change from yellow to green.
“WE’RE HOT, SIR!!” I shout as Lawrence takes up his post, holding on with one hand as the Commander transfers energy back to the engines, beginning the pitch and turn of our approach. “Captain’s taking us straight to them, boys! Be ready!”
The men’s shouts are muffled below the quarterdeck as a light smirk escapes the Captain.
Though we know they come, their manifestation isn’t complete without an emersion from the darkness. A black cloud, growing and burning in all directions against the deep void of space around it, a fire grows from within as light flashes erratically, like lightning trapped in a rolling wave. The fire of the cloud gives way to a large, rounded edge as the front of the Scavenger ship begins to emerge.
She’s massive and dark, pulling from the darkest parts of our nightmare as she is effortlessly pushed through space on propulsion no one can quite yet understand. Her jagged edges protrude from the sides and behind, all of them bearing weapons of another kind, capable of blasting away relentless and unceasing shots of deadly firepower that both blinds and captivates. A growing and ominous shrieking sound emits through space as they bear directly toward us. The cry of the Scavenger ship is unmistakable – like the terrible shrill of sound just before the object hits and kills you from the side.
Quick, successive blasts of white and blue light leaves the enemy as they pare off, the center ship coming straight at us as the other two remain behind her in a jagged formation. Their rounds slip all around us as a few land lucky shots through the shrouds as we face each other. 
“BOW!” I shout as Lawrence turns to the front facing guns for the order. Lawrence looks out the front gun ports and locates the enemy.
“FIRE!” he shouts as the two bow runners are released at the enemy with shallow effect. The Argo makes a sharp turn to port as I prepare to fire from starboard. Lawrence’s six forward guns wait longer than expected, though I’m not sure why, before he gives the order to fire. From bow to stern the guns ring out blasts of hot cosmic smoke, heat, and hellfire, a couple of the rounds nipping the enemy though she still flies. She returns fire and lands a few shots on the front few guns, sending deafening blasts to our hull and blowing some of the men from their posts. Lawrence is nowhere to be found. Our ship heaves as some men lose their grip and roll along the deck. Looking to the port battery, I watch as the enemy comes into view.
Just a few more seconds – “FIRE!” I shout, straining to hold on as cannons slam back into position from the concussion. One by one, our rounds tear into the enemy, sending fire, debris, pieces, and hulks of the enemy ship in multiple directions. Some of her pieces ping off the Argo while smoke from both guns and enemy fill the gun deck. The men shout calls of ‘HAZAA!’ as they watch the enemy descend into the dark and spiraling abyss. 
They haul and clamor, the smoke slipping out from the gun ports. The Captain turns us to take on the remaining two enemy ships, but the Gateway closed its position with us while we were stunting the enemy’s first attempt. The second enemy takes a hit as the third ship takes flight. Still, we prepare for anything with guns out and charged.
“Leftenant Wade, Sir!” someone shouts from the bow where Lawrence once stood. Running down the deck, I arrive to find Lawrence being helped up by some of the men. He’s in pain, but I don’t see any blood or bones. The other men around him hold onto themselves as some bleed from face or extremities, but everyone seems accounted for.
“Lawrence,” I say while helping him up. “Send for the surgeon,” I tell a crewman before one rushes off with an ‘Aye, Sir.’
“I’m alright,” Lawrence insists, still in a bit of a daze. “The guns,” he mumbles while looking to the reparable damage.
“They’re fine,” I tell him, myself helping to check some of the crew as Lawrence leans against the station.
Before long, Sam runs down to take a damage report. Six wounded and two guns needing to come off line. Sam acknowledges and hurries off to inform the Commander. A bit of damage and bruising, but other than that it’s another great day in the Navy.
“So?” Maury asks after our first beers of the night. He leaves it at that, not pointing phrases at anyone.
“Not everything goes well, Sam,” I tell him between drinks. “There’s plenty of times I’ve…”
“Screwed up?” he asks before a look from myself.
“It’s combat. Simple as that. This was Lawrence’s first engagement, anyhow. I wasn’t there, so I can’t say why the call to fire took him so long.” We drink with hats off at the stern of the ship just outside the bridge where no one ever goes. A hand through my hair before tying it back, I let out a deep breath and try to keep my nerves calm.
We sail closer to the fleet and exchange places with another ship. We’re still combat effective, but we will spread the love to other ships if we have a chance while repairing the guns.
“Moving two guns from the rear to replace the ones up front?” Sam asks in an attempt to change the subject. “What about the rails? How did they look?”
“Not terrible,” I reply. “I think the worst that could happen is the guns get jammed in the stowed position after firing a round. The bow guns are the most likely to fire first anyhow, the way we maneuver this tote. The Captain likes to point the bow to the enemy first, if at all possible. I don’t blame him.” I continue my thoughts before a long drink to make the day slip away.
“You saved us, Clay,” Sam says. “Again. The great man,” he pries sarcastically.
“If we ever have to board then you’re leading it,” I remind him. “There won’t be any heroes then.” We let moments pass as we drink in unison at the terrible thought. Time quietly slips by as we sail past unnamed stars in the dark sky.
“If we experience very many more like that then the Captain won’t give a damn about anything some investigator says.” Sam knows it’s a sore topic, but he’s just trying to get a feel.
I don’t say anything at first, but eventually I cave. “I wonder what the Commander thinks,” I lead on while fiddling with the nearly empty glass. Maury makes a face and tilts his head as if actually thinking. “Maybe he should hear more of the same?”
Maury catches on and gives a little laugh. “It may get mentioned. A few times.” Maury kills off the brew, smirking at his own schemes.
“If Lawrence is a great man himself, then it will be obvious. No need repeating it,” I say, making a stand on what I think is best to do currently. Just be the man they think and know me to be. The Captain and Commander will tell the investigators where to stick it. As far as Lawrence – let his own incompetence show. He’ll be gone soon enough. I try to tell myself it’s the alcohol thinking, but I’m not even buzzed.
“Message, Mr. Wade, Sir,” a crewman from the bridge says with a folded note in his hand. Maury and I gather ourselves as he takes the empty glasses back to my room. 
“Thank you,” I reply, walking to the quarterdeck near the Commander before a touch to the brim of my hat. Unfolding the letter, a tight smile comes to my lips as Commander Hudson notices it’s something good for once.
Clay,
For the past three nights I’ve sat on my balcony, watching stars in the sky and ships slipping by with only thoughts of you. Thoughts of where you are now. Where you’ve been. Why I wasn’t allowed to have more time with you. The feel of your hands, the warmth of your kiss, the tenderness of your touch consumes much of my day and all of my nights.
I lie in bed at night and watch your ship move on the map as the stars in the room shift with its path. I never turn it off. It has become my nightlight. I turned off the reporting feature after I saw a damage report, though somehow I know you are alright.
I miss you. Please write and tell me everything is ok. You can tell me the truth when you come back to me. Be safe. Think of me.
Yours,
~Audrey~
Folding the letter sternly as to make the crease permanent, I tuck it in my coat before buttoning it to ward off the chill from the darkness.
“Sir,” the Commander says as the Captain walks on deck. We salute and stand by, curious as to what’s new.
“We’ll be meeting with Admiral Reid aboard his flagship Destination tonight,” the Captain says as he shuffles through some reports. “He mentioned wanting to talk to you, Mr. Wade.”
“Aye, Sir,” I reply with a salute and leaving the Gentlemen be. They have business, I’m sure. Why the Admiral wants to talk to me – I’m not positive. The engagement? Lawrence?
All of this questioning is making my head hurt. Whatever’s going to happen – is going to happen. Nothing I can do about it now. Down below to see how the gun swap is going, I busy myself until we are to see the Admiral.
“Gentlemen” the Admiral greets as we arrive, the Captain sponsoring us aboard the flagship. We wore our daily uniforms – no need to dress up for a short update to the boss. The Destination is a massive ship, one that can take the war to the Hinn almost by itself. After introductions and reminders of who we all are, one beer turns into two as the Admiral walks me to a window overseeing the fleet formation in the distance.
“Thank you for the opportunity, Sir,” I tell him as we observe ships move here and there.
“Thank you,” the Admiral replies as he looks over the epaulette and gold trim on my coat. “Captain Decatur said you landed every critical shot to break up the Scavenger formation,” he continues in an assuring voice. “He says that’s typical of you. You’re a good man to have around. One of the bravest. It’s a great assurance to have Gentlemen like you as part of our fleet,” the Admiral says between drinks.
“I’m humbled by you, Sir,” I tell him, making a face to suppress some of the flattery. I’m still not sure what this is about.
“I hear someone is poking around about you,” Admiral Reid says in a relaxed manner. I look to him and swallow, trying of think of something to say. “Don’t worry about that,” he continues in a dismissive tone. “Your Ministry doesn’t know its ass from a hole in the ground, to be quite honest. After what happened today, I’ve written a report about your actions, how you’re a credit to the fleet. Also,” he states, “I know some of your compatriots have left the service due to the issue with the Alliance breaking up. Stay, Clayton. With honest fighting men like you, I can’t imagine anything other than victory and a bright future ahead of you.”
I’m taken back a bit by his words, thanking him for his trust and kindness. We shake hands and part ways before I link up with the Captain and return to the Argo. The Captain doesn’t ask what was said – he already knows.
Standing on the deck of the Argo as stars slip by, we slowly realign ourselves and exchange places with a modern ship to resume our forward position. Our temporary replacement peels off and executes the handover with us over the radio, returning the burden of keeping a close watch back to Captain Decatur. Seeing her turn and slip back to the formation, I suddenly have an inkling of a wish that we hadn’t returned out here so soon. A deep breath and a moment let pass, I take out a piece of paper and begin to scribble down what I have neglected for so long.
Sweetheart,
Your letter couldn’t have come at a better time. The image of you standing on the dock as we sped away from Brauma is etched in my mind. That blue dress, the deep brown hair on your shoulders, and the promise that I will see you again remains. It’s all still there, trapped in time. I’m glad you’ve been keeping track, but your right – keep the reports turned off, they make things seem worse than they really are.
Without you near me at the end of a long day such as this, I remit to the feel of your skin next to me under thin sheets. Your hair across the pillow, unconscious to the world, the soundness of your sleep giving me comfort when the days become difficult.
I’ve missed you so much. To hold you again will never be too soon, no matter what I have to do in order to return to you, we’ll be together again. Soon.
Yours,
~C.L.W
Chapter 8
Fifth Fleet Military Patrol; Trulette Quadrant – Near the Allied and Hinn Border
Over the past twenty-four hours, we did as we would on any mission – ready the guns, bring in the sail, serve on the left wing of the formation to act as a maneuver element or shift as needed. Maury is getting better at his job every day. In charge of all things on deck, he has mastered the sails, mentoring and leading the Midshipmen, anticipating the orders of the helmsman, and helping keep an eye as they navigated along.
Leftenant Lawrence Fields, save for all the reasons I want him gone, is actually a good guy. He is a third generation Sailor, though it seems he held some reserve about signing up for a service – not much else the Nelsonian Fleet. It turns out his grandfather was a hero in the Battle of Termya a long while back. I have heard of the battle, but not the specifics.
What Lawrence lacks in experience, he makes up for in alacrity. I could hear my own voice with every question he asked, so it’s hard to pass judgment. Lawrence wasn’t sure how to deal with Maury, an Ensign, hanging around all the time, but once he learned of our story along with the Commander’s relaxed nature during our mild fraternization, he started to relax a bit. Then the beers came out and he was convinced to relax entirely. Lawrence isn’t a close companion, but he isn’t garbage either.
The Commander can tell something is on my mind, so after dinner with the Captain, he tells me to inspect the cables one more time. He had some concerns that there’s an open circuit somewhere that’s idly drawing power away from the rest of the ship. I do as ordered, my coat and hat set on one of the far guns as I test, pull, crawl, and check closely for any draws in power. After some time passes with myself and Master Gunner Truxton hunched over or hanging from the maintenance holes, I hear boots coming down the deck in the only discernible pattern I can think – the Commander.
“That will be all,” Commander Hudson says to Mr. Truxton as the old Sailor agrees, salutes, and makes for his own dealings. Half sitting up from around a maintenance hatch, I see the Commander’s red coat as he holds two dark beers in his hands. I’m glad to see him, but I think I just caught on. “Up, Leftenant,” he jests as I pull my aching back to my feet, taking a beer from him and pushing back loose strands of hair.
“Thanks, boss,” I tell him, a light cheers as glasses clink together. We drink quietly as he looks around with a faux expression of being impressed I stayed at it that long. “Did I have a choice, Sir?” I ask with a smile growing on my face.
“No,” he replies as we turn to walk together, his hand landing on my shoulder. “That’s the beauty of the chain of command. Do as I say, Leftenant, not as you think I’ve schemed up.”
We walk towards the bow of the ship, the crewmen giving a quick salute and vacating to give us room. We stop at one of the open ports and relax a bit, leaning back on a gun as the Commander removes his coat and drapes it over the side while taking a deep breath. It’s no longer Commander Hudson – just Isaac Hudson. We take a few drinks as I look down the row of massive guns, Isaac looking out through an open gun port. A moment or two goes by.
“Let’s have it,” he says directly – he can be abrasive at times, but at least he gets to the point.
I take a long breath and exhale before another drink, making a huffing noise. Nothing comes out. The dark skies pass by the open ports showing stars and galaxies, cosmic clouds of red and yellow, dots of white and blue.
“Look,” he says with a bit of exhaustion from long days and thought. “You’re the best we’ve got, Clay. You’re performing at a level that’s just a junior me, you understand?” I shake my head and smirk. I can’t even look at him. If I do, then I will surrender and believe every word he says.
“I can’t tell you what they’re even looking for in their investigation, Isaac. It’s not like I killed anyone.”
“I know.” I can feel him watching me as I gaze down the rows of guns before another long drink. “In fact, it sounds like they’re looking for a killer the way they are going about it. You’re not dead, Clay. Can’t be charged for killing yourself. So what do they want?” he simultaneously asks and says.
“I can’t lose the guns,” I state in an almost desperate prompt. “Don’t take the guns from me, Isaac.”
“We won’t,” he replies, honestly shaking his head with a face of confusion as to where that statement came from. “Like you said. It’s not like you killed anyone. Just let them run in circles about whatever they’re looking for, Clay. Just keep doing your job. The Admiral said great things about you, right!?” I tip my head back and forth while fiddling with the glass. “And guess who any decisions about Officers has to go through? Especially Gentlemen?”
“I know,” I reply with a glance to him. Isaac isn’t a father, but he should be. When he does, he’ll be a great one. “I just have to keep doing what I’m doing.”
“Right,” he remarks with a hint of some relief in his voice that I’m listening. Some silence exists as we near the end of our beers. “It doesn’t matter who we were. Not yesterday. Not five minutes ago. What matters is who we are now. We’re Sailors,” he says with a half-sarcastic declaration. “We’re leaders, but above all we’re Gentlemen.” He tilts his glass my way and I oblige him. “Tomorrow we will be better Gentlemen, better men, with anything anyone has ever known about us changed for who we have become. I know who you are, Clay. And I already know what you will become.”
I let his words sink in, though not really sure if I have come to believe what they told me or accept that I have finally made that transition. They may think I have, but I know there’s some truth that I haven’t – and possibly never will.
“You’re not saying anything I don’t already know,” I tell him. He looks to me with curved brows, but remains motionless. I look away and drink what remains.
“Do you know what they expect you to be?” he says while gesturing to the men. “Do you know the status Captain Decatur and I give when we talk about you to others?”
I finish the beer and hold it amongst crossed arms. “No.”
“A hero,” he proclaims, finishing his beer before handing me the empty glass. “By the way,” he continues as he presses himself away from the gun, taking up his coat and hat. “Regardless of what you think about Lawrence,” he says before looking around to ensure the new lad isn’t around. “Just take care of him.” 
I let out a huff while shaking my head. 
“No, Clay,” he says, slipping on his coat and fiddling with the buttons. “Take care of him. It makes you big brother, someone who ensures the wellbeing of others. You’ve done the same with Maury…” he assures with a look. “As much as that little punk gets on my nerves – he’s the closest thing to you I’ve got.”
“About Lawrence,” I say as I set the glasses down, slipping on my coat. “Why is he here, Isaac?” I’m not mixing words. No sense to. He shrugs and shakes his head with some exasperation.
“If I knew I would have told you, wouldn’t I, Clay? You think I would really leave you flapping?” I pretend to fuss with my coat as I watch his expression, taking up the empty glasses to be returned to the galley. “I’ve prodded the Captain a few times, but I’ve got nothing,” he says unconvincingly. “Captain’s told me nothing about any transfer from this ship regarding you.” 
It’s pointless to poke and prod at Isaac-turned-Commander. We are past that point. I believe him – if he knows the deal then he’ll tell me.
Fifth Fleet Patrol; Negative Enemy Activity – Sailing Along the Sututra Route
After a long day on shift, none of us knew exactly what the nature of our patrol was. If it were routine, nefarious, or seek-and-destroy, we never would have known. Though we went through the same drills as we would during our old missions on route security for civilian convoys and transport ships, we felt a higher sense of alertness and importance as we sailed amongst the fleet of combat ships along the Sututra Route.
With two tolls of the bell, the Officers are summoned to the Captain’s quarters. We hope it’s news, information, or anything that tells us our purpose.
Between the mix of beer for those going and coffee for those coming, we make small talk as we wait. Lawrence and I discuss the latest issues on the gun deck and what needs to be addressed if we make port anytime soon. Maury mixes his coffee with a look of madness from the everyday beginning to seep within him. Poor guy.
As the Captain enters, we come to attention before he promptly tells us to relax. Taking up our previous stances, most everyone anticipates what will come next. Bets were made just hours ago – mine is on being placed on reconnaissance. The Commander hasn’t taken a drink of his beer yet, so I know it’s significant.
“Our orders, Gentlemen,” the Captain says as he places a few sheets on the table displaying constellation maps, coordinates, and key tasks for our upcoming mission. The Captain sets his hat on the table as a few of the others take up the papers that the Commander didn’t opt for first.
“We’ll be pushing along with the fleet towards the Tulvera Quadrant,” he says plainly before a few of us exchange glances. The Tulvera is mostly charted, though mostly unexplored. It serves as a sort of borderland, a deep blue sea of unknown depths between the civilized universe separating us and the Scavenger saturated depths composing the Hinn.
Commander Hudson does a quick scan before passing the paper and taking longer-than-typical drinks. “There it is,” he says under his breath.
“We will serve as the rear guard during our passage to and through the Tulvera,” the Captain says. “The Admiral anticipates that the Hinn, if they catch on to our location, would rather flank around the formation and cut us off from any rapid retreat or reinforcement. I suspect that no matter what happens, Admiral Reid will press us full speed into the depths of the fight no matter where it may originate. Commander,” the Captain continues.
“Sir?”
“I want the guns fully charged the entire time we are in position. Close us with the formation to allow time for recharge from remedial loss of the guns temporal depletion of power.” The Captain takes up his hat. “No need to inform me, just alternate power as you see necessary. I want no less than ninety eight percent charge during the first engagement.”
“Aye, Sir,” the Commander says definitively. A few words from Commander Hudson after the Captain departs, we know what must be done. This is it. We all know the fleet formation will do the bulk of the fighting, but the Argo may only get one good engagement out of all this. When we make our next port, we will either be sailing, sort-of-sailing, or not sailing at all. There really isn’t an in-between of those options. It’s the truth – no point in trying to make us feel better about our terrible inevitabilities.
After breaking up the group, we all set to work. Triple checking the guns, running through a number of drills, coiling rope and ratcheting in chain – we all have tasks to accomplish in order to keep our minds from racing too much. With guns charged and stowed, I walk along the line one more time as the yellow lights cast irregular shadows of a man in a long coat, a single shoulder board, and cocked hat. Making my way to the stern of the ship, I sit beside one of the guns and watch the stillness of space as we bring up the rear. Engines humming under my boots with its dull white noise in the background, I remove my hat and set it atop one of the guns while rubbing my face from the long day.
With every second that passes, Audrey slips further and further away from me. Where would she be? What would she be doing? Writing a letter, perhaps. Is it the end of her long day, too? I need a beer, but I’m too lazy to go retrieve one myself. No matter what happens, though, it’s best to stick my neck out either way. Yes – the chances of being killed in the process is a reality, but once we reach the next station or planet it won’t matter anyways. Whichever occurs, the men on the ship and the Ministry will have the same result – I’ll have never stepped foot on the Argo again. It isn’t the Gentlemanly thing to do, but what do I really know about that?
It’s been real. It’s been good. But it hasn’t been real good. At first I knew what I was getting into. After a few years escorting convoys, I made enough money to get me to something better, somewhere safer. Those days of being broke in a bar no one visited pales in comparison to where I am now, but I never imagined that the odds of death would increase so quickly in such a short time, not much less volunteering to have them usher me towards it. They can’t investigate a dead man. They can place charges all they want, but they will have to find me first.
‘Take what you’ve got. And go.’
***
Five Years Ago – Security Patrol Along the Tu’Semis Route
With the Midshipmen standing at the base of their masts, I look over the deck one more time before deliberately walking towards the quarterdeck to report. Hands behind my plan blue coat, sporting the black tricorn hat, I address the Commander as he navigates our ship leading the convoy.
“All masts secured and ready, Sir! Standing by for orders!”
“Thank you, Mr. Wade!” the Commander shouts back as he never removes his attention from the map to look around.
“Ezra. Ezra – this is the Shangri-La. How copy?” The nearby ship contacts us over the net as we establish communications with the vessel bringing up the rear – a modern fleet combat ship outfitted for speed and rapid maneuverability.
“Roger, Shangri-La,” the Signaleer relays from the radio shed. “We’ve got you Lima Charlie.”
A loud buzz rings out through the Ezra as our hearts skip. “Contact! Contact!” the Signaleer shouts across the quarterdeck, holding himself in the doorway. “Scavenger ship bearing One-Nine-Zero! Three thousand kilos and closing!”
Without warning, our ship begins a sharp turn to bring us about while rising steeply to avoid crossing the convoy’s path. I lose my footing, land hard on the deck, and slide before grabbing onto a chain rising to the mast. The men shout and hold on to whatever they can.
“Straight into her!” the Captain shouts as the Commander takes the helm to steer us closer.
“Aft sheets, Mr. Wade!” the Commander calls as I shout an ‘Aye, Sir!’ before I gain my footing, resume a crouching run, and shout orders to the rearward mast. The Midshipman gives the order as the men scramble to lose more sail. We’re going to capture a little more speed, but the guns are about to escape all the same.
Thirty-two guns are run out as the Leftenant below gives the order, shouts of the men echoing throughout the ship as the mammoth weapons are hauled into place. Lights flash from yellow to green, Officers shout the calls, and the men point to the enemy that’s closing fast.
I run forward and find a spot to see the enemy.
“FIRE!”
The command is given as the bow guns let out bursts of bright red light, both of them tearing into an enemy ship as her bow detonates and burns, sending her falling sharply as another enemy ship fires on the Shangri-La. A sharp turn to starboard before our port guns ring out from bow to stern, shaking the Ezra and sending hot blasts of yellow out to the enemy.
The Shangri-La hauls up and away to avoid collision as the enemy returns our favor. A few hard hits take pieces of our ship out and away, causing the Ezra to slow and her rear end to lift as if we would roll over from head to toe. We hold on as the shouts from below continue. Calls and screams let out. Panic and death have come aboard.
“Ensign Wade!” the Commander shouts as our main power struggles and the men clamor. Running aft, I make the decision to jump down into the gun deck to see what I can do. Midshipman Maury is enveloped in smoke while doing the best he can to make his way to the massive hole that has been blown clear through the Ezra. Guns are missing, as are men.
Running to the power panels, I haul the switch from green to red as the men instinctively haul out the guns. Whichever gun is operating, any gun that’s operating, is going to get run out and give us one more shot. With fewer guns out, the Ezra turns hard as the power struggles to transfer between guns and engines. Maury runs forward to keep the men moving. The Leftenant isn’t heard – nor seen. With enough guns run out, I flip the switch from red straight to green.
“Guns out and ready, Sir!” the bridge relays. The ship heaves and we all hold on, terrified but more ready than we were previously.
“Leftenant Geary!” the radio echoes. I hold on to the lever as I stabilize myself amongst the screaming engines and violent shutters of the ship. “LEFTENANT GEARY!” the radio shouts again. Some of the men look to me in a quick flash of worry and eagerness.
“Ensign Wade!” I shout back to the open net. A moment passes.
“You’ll get one, Mr. Maury!” the Commander crackles back. It makes no difference who’s in charge now. Just get it over with. Bringing us in to close with the enemy, Midshipman Maury shouts something incoherent before giving the order.
“FIRE!” he yells as guns sporadically fire out in an uncoordinated mess of energy. The enemy slips by with minimal interference as the Ezra heaves to bring us about. With starboard guns expended, we only have the port battery as our final defense before we quickly lose the opportunity.
Holding steady, I move forward as the ship heaves and hauls around, sending pieces and debris rolling around the deck and out the massive hole. Looking through a gun port, I catch a nanosecond’s glimpse of the enemy ship as we continue our surging turn.
“FIRE!” I shout as our guns ring out from stern to bow in a rapid line of red and white, each round pinging off and into the enemy ship in a disastrous hail of fire, debris, pieces, and deafening detonations. The enemy rolls and slips lower into space as its carcass sputters and begins to fall apart.
The Ezra slows and levels off as we hold tight, all of us looking around to see what remains. Some men look out from the gun ports as they try to make sure it was the last of the enemy.
A high-pitched ringing echoes throughout the Ezra as the First Mate calls for damage reports.
“Mr. Maury! Mr. Wade!” the Captain shouts down into the gun deck. Catching our breath and steadying our hearts, Maury and I nod to each other as we make our way top-side. The main deck and sails are largely unaffected, but the gun deck and our hull all but suffered catastrophic damage. Our trip is over.
Three days would pass before we were finally hauled into the nearest Theranian Space Port for repairs. The massive hole in the Ezra can only be patched. The Alliance is sending a large transport ship to haul us back to Planet Thera itself. The Ezra’s fate was decisive.
Aboard the modern transport ship Nova with the Ezra in tow, we meet with our Captain and other Officers of the fleet as we write up our reports and take accounts of the battle. Maury and I are called into an elegant room where an Admiral does the small talk and ensures we have nothing to worry about. He does a good job of reducing our stress and tension, making us feel somewhat normal again.
“Never anything like that, Sir,” our Captain says to the Admiral while Maury and I stand as prominently as we can amongst the small group. We have witnessed other engagements previously, to be sure, but we all agree that these things happen in combat. There’s no fault one way or the other. The enemy killed those of the crew and Leftenant Geary. No one else.
“Hopefully after you get the Ezra up and running again you can keep your crew together,” the Admiral says.
“We’ll need a new Ensign,” the Commander says as they agree.
“A new Leftenant, Sir,” Maury politely corrects.
The Captain shakes his head. “No,” he says as he tips his head my way. “Mr. Wade will be the new Leftenant and take the gun deck. If…” the Commander trails off with the Admiral looking to me. “If you feel capable, Mr. Wade.”
Maury looks to the Captain as I glance between others in the circle.
“Of course,” I say as a knee jerk reaction. “I’ll do my best, Sir.”
“Good,” the Admiral replies as he takes a drink. “It’s already done. Your Captain and I have signed the paperwork for your battlefield promotion.”
It’s quiet for a moment as we are dismissed and the senior Officers head off for their next task. Maury and I are left standing with our now-empty drinks, not really sure who should speak first.
“Congratulations, Sir,” Midshipman Maury says with a forced smirk before he taps me on the shoulder and slowly trots his way off.
“Samuel,” I say to his back. He doesn’t stop or turn around – just keeps going. Watching him walk away is painful. It isn’t supposed to happen like this. Maury’s the gun deck Midshipman. If anything, he should have just been promoted to Ensign and remained on the gun deck. We should be Ensigns together and work our way up at the same time, but now that isn’t going to happen.
The Ezra is a total loss. Shortly after that, Midshipman Samuel Maury and I are reassigned to the 48 gun Argo. I’m immediately given the gun deck and Maury takes one of the masts. It was another two years before Maury was promoted to Ensign before the mast, but only after going through the tedious quagmire of regular promotion tests and schedules.
Every once and awhile Maury would join me for drills during the occasional scuttle with the enemy, but Maury was never again directly assigned to the guns.
Chapter 9
Fifth Fleet Combat Patrol; Trulette Quadrant – Near Hinn Occupied Space
With my blue Leftenant coat hung on the armoire in my quarters, Ensign Maury taps the cask and pours us two beers as I pull on the black ribbon to let my hair fall free. Letting out a long and exaggerated breath, I take the glass from Maury as we commandeer the chairs in a heavy sit. Maury props his boot up on a small table and loosens the straps to make himself at home as he usually does. We drink for a minute and look around at nothing we haven’t seen before, a chess board with pieces on the ground nearby. If it’s not secure on this ship – it goes flying.
“I’ve got a bad feeling about our upcoming Tulvera mission,” Maury says to ensure he doesn’t mix words.
I think and drink. “Me either.”
“It won’t be like our previous convoy duties, though. We aren’t the main target. The Hinn will focus on the largest ship and work their way in. It’s their M.O. We’re just here to plug the leak and allow time for the formation to counterattack.”
I listen along, my fingertips slowly scraping against a couple days worth of stubble. “Mmm,” I mutter from somewhere within, focusing a stare on nothing.
Maury taps on his glass, watching my journey so far away. “Even if we do make contact, what do you think comes after that?”
“Honestly,” I say, taking another drink to give it some coherent thought. “When we do find them, there will be no hiding it. I couldn’t imagine the Hinn, even after all this time, being capable of suffering two strong blows.”
“Two?”
“If this is a large engagement,” I continue, adjusting in the seat, “then either they will retaliate or we will push on. Either way. There will be two fights. Count on it.” Maury isn’t convinced either way, but it’s apparent the idea never crossed his mind.
“That’s why Strategic Offices need you, Clay. It’s in you.” Maury does his best to change the subject.
“Then they’ll have to promote you to Leftenant.”
“Without a doubt,” Maury injects without missing a beat. We both chuckle, but Maury makes a face that reads ‘That’s been my plan all along.’
“What would you really do without me, Sam?” I ask with an emerging grin. 
He drinks and turns to me before settling his glass lower. “Get credit, ass.” We laugh at the notion, but there’s some truth to it. “I won’t be an Intel Officer, so that only leaves one other option.” Our smiles subside as we drink to the sound of a ticking clock. I make comments about him being promoted soon regardless, but he mutters it off. I take our empty glasses and provide another refill before settling in the chair with one leg over the arm.
“There is another Leftenant,” Maury says. Now who’s the ass?
“There sure is,” I retort without a drink. It didn’t warrant one.
“You know he doesn’t even come close to being able to do what you do, Clay. They set him up for failure. No experience. Hardly any knowledge. His largest ship was twenty-two guns. They won’t replace you, Clay.” I agree but shake my head at the same time. We already know this, so why repeat it?
“Maybe I’ve been here too long. Transferring somewhere else shortly after all this.”
“Or you’re making Commander and Isaac is out the door. You’re getting a battlefield promotion like last time.” Sam isn’t digging up the past. He’s serious.
“No,” I reply. “The Admiralty doesn’t break up Command teams out of nowhere. Plus, why promote me if I’m denied transfer? Wouldn’t I meet rank requirements without a waiver then?”
Maury makes a face of realization before taking a drink. Moments pass.
“There’s no logical reason I can think of as to why Lawrence is here,” I say emphatically with a raised hand before tapping it back down on the leather.
“If he’s going to make any sort of impression then at this point he would have to do something crazy.”
“Or stupid,” I add. Sam and I look to each other before drinking.
“Yeah,” Sam agrees with raised eyebrows. “You think?”
I shrug at the notion, tapping on the glass to hear it ring.
“You would have to falter somehow, Clay. With your record, though, your lapses are few and far between.” I don’t comment, just listen. “Skill alone won’t cut it for Lawrence. The curve is too steep for him. Everyone knows it.”
We don’t say any more about the topic. We change it to something much more relaxed. Something not about work or the service, welcoming topics that two Gentlemen should never be caught in public discussing, especially with the ladies around.
The Argo carries us along and behind the combat formation. The bell rings out and the crew take up their positions as sails are adjusted and the engine hums along. Between us and the stars, there isn’t much else but the unknown we embarked towards.
Rumors are starting to spread. It started with one of the crewmen working near Leftenant Camden’s workspace in the signal shack. The story goes like this: The Tulvera Quadrant isn’t a random segment of space that the Halberg Alliance Intelligence dreamed up as to where the enemy will be. In fact, we don’t know where they are in the first place, so this patrol is really about reconnaissance. An even worse rumor is that we’re bait.
The rumor doesn’t spread well as the Captain and Commander do their best to suppress the idea that we are being led into the meat grinder on purpose. The worst of it is – no one ever said what size enemy we’re pursuing. So, what if they are actually pursuing us? From that rumor spreads another, which grows legs and starts walking around.
As a measure, the Captain decides not to close the signal shack door which would keep our Intelligence Officer holed up behind closed curtains. That, the Captain feared, would give some notion of validity to the rumors. The Captain was insistent when he told the Officers that the rumors were displaced enthusiasm. I believed him. I’m not so sure others did.
To ease my own mind, I told myself that these were the initial stages of an all-out war. Of course there would be rumors. Uncertainty and fear will always breed such things.
While sitting beside one of the guns as the men finished detaching power cables, a Midshipman is sent to retrieve me. Commander Hudson needs to see me as soon as possible. With a ‘Sir’ and salute, he turns and heads back up the stairs to the deck. It doesn’t seem urgent, so I finish up my checks and update the logs before taking up my hat and heading top side.
I couldn’t have been more wrong. The Commander ushers me into the Captain’s quarters as Leftenant Camden sits at the table, Commander Hudson beginning to pace back and forth. There are papers on the table as the look on the Commander’s face is one of confusion and uncertainty.
Something about the rumors, I figured. With my hat off, I close the door and apologize for taking so long.
“Who’s Austin Mulvaney?” Commander Hudson abruptly asks as he stops pacing.
Camden remains sitting, his fingers on the papers without looking at me.
I don’t move. Like an animal caught sneaking in the dark, I try to find the words anyone should have said.
“Mulvaney,” I state. Looking back to the Commander, I try to get some coherent words out before being interrupted.
“About thirty two-ish years old?” the Commander continues as he takes a paper from Camden, looking between it and I. “About five-ten. Blue eyes. From the Yula District on Thera? Ring any bells?”
I swallow and shake my head while looking at the paper. “I have no clue what you’re talking about, Sir.”
“Out,” he orders Camden. The Intelligence Officer takes up his hat and exits without a word, glance, or sound. The door closes as I remain rigid, feeling the motionlessness of my stance beginning to ache.
“Sir, I –”
“This came for the Captain just a while ago,” the Commander says as he hands me a few of the papers. The first one has a bad picture of a guy who could have been me a decade ago with the name Austin Mulvaney and basic information next to it. The other papers include a memo describing the search for anyone knowing what could have happened to Clayton Wade nearly three months ago. Any information regarding his death would be helpful in their investigation. It’s true – Clayton Wade is dead.
“And the Captain?” I inquire.
“Doesn’t know,” the Commander replies as he takes the papers from me and reassembles them. “And he won’t. For now. I can’t tell you how long it will be until they will ask for a response from the Captain and, to tell you the truth, I don’t think Camden will give me a heads up like he did this time. Camden has a career, too. Don’t you dare say a word about this to Camden. You understand?”
“Of course,” I say in a low voice while looking to the papers. “…Sir.” I ramble on for a second, trying to find a way to tell him something he already knows. He asks about the death.
“Nothing,” I say into his eyes. He looks concerned, but his voice and expression lead me to believe he thinks I’m telling the truth, which I am.
“It looks bad, Clay,” he says, stumbling a little bit before saying my name.
“I know,” I reply calmly. “If…some other guy…named Clayton Wade died, Isaac, I had nothing to do with it. Honest to God. It’s a string of coincidence.”
The Commander agrees, pulling out a chair as we sit while the Captain is busy on the bridge. He could be back any moment, but until then we can talk.
I told him everything. What really happened. Parts of the story actually got a chuckle from him. Most of it, though, is surprise and a bit of shock. How did I keep up without the prep school? Did I have to cheat? Where the hell is Virginia? A long breath comes at the end of it, the Commander putting his hand on the table as the papers are stuffed in his coat.
“Clay,” he begins, “we’re not who we used to be. Some of us get farther than others, but I think you’ve gone just about as far as you can in this…little show. It seems we all have to clip the edges of the coin every once and awhile to get the upper hand.” He’s quiet as he thinks. “In your case, however,” he continues as we rise and prepare to leave. “You rigged the damn scale.”
We chuckle at the thought. As I put my hat on straight, I give a smart salute for aesthetics and a show of thanks. Turning and heading for the gun deck, I do my best to keep busy.
‘First station. Gone.’
***
Down below, the men are doing as they’re accustomed – checking and charging, maintaining and cleaning – always prepared for whatever may come at a moment’s notice. Lawrence is tending to his forward guns and, for some reason, one of the guns is hoisted above the rails.
“Something seems wrong,” Master Gunner Truxton states as I pass by inquisitively. Looking closely as I make my way forward, the crew take notice and make room as I approach the hoisted gun.
“Clay,” Lawrence says, looking as if he’s been working on this for some time now.
“Lawrence,” I reply, trying to get a good look myself.
“The rails, Sir,” one of the crewmen states. “Our section took the short end of it during our last fight. The gun doesn’t want to recoil properly. It seems to squeeze itself to the rear, hard to haul out at first.”
“Right,” I reply, watching as some of the crew begin to align rods, hammers, heating torches, and cutting tools to try and alleviate some of the gun’s tension.
Lawrence seems a little beside himself at the moment, not sure how he can help. “Should I check the other guns?” he asks. “Maybe some drills?” The men glance Lawrence’s way, back to their duties.
“No,” I assure him, gesturing for him to follow me and let the men work. “Let them do what they can. We’ll pop off a few rounds to see how the men did to try and make it smoother. You’ll see.”
Lawrence seems a little more at ease, straightening his uniform before a touch to his sword hilt. He will get used to it all. It’s understandable – he doesn’t want to go into the next engagement with guns down. It wouldn’t be his fault, but it would still be embarrassing.
Once the gun is secured back in place after some tormenting, hammering, and heating of the rails meant to support tons of weight and pressure from recoil, the men make the final checks as we prepare to test fire Lawrence’s battery.
“Bandit! Bearing 63-07.5!” the radio echoes through the gun deck. Yellow lights flash as the irritating pitch of the alarm rings in our ears. Running to the rear control panel, I take hold of the lever and prepare to flip.
“CHARGE ‘EM UP!” Master Gunner Truxton shouts as the men lift, labor, and latch the power cables to the beastly weapons. The Argo increases speed as the irritating screech of an alarm is replaced by the flashing of yellow lights. The ship lifts, turns, and forces me to hang on with one hand as the Captain seems to know exactly where they are.
“Starboard, Mr. Wade!” the Commander shouts over the open net, the Argo continuing its hectic course through space.
“Starboard!” I shout with a death grip on the lever. The guns charge, the switch is flipped, and the lights cease flashing.
“RUN THEM OUT BOYS!” Truxton shouts, the men eagerly hauling and yelling, heaving while towing line and chain against the force created by our heavy turn. Slamming into place, the starboard guns are out as I flip the switch upwards.
“Starboard battery is charged and out, Sir!” the bridge calls, the Commander holding onto the rail as we right our course. The Captain is in the radio shed, Camden holding himself and the Captain in place as we continue to increase speed.
“Argo, Argo – Eclipse. Tracking five enemy bearing 2-6-1-8. Eclipse E.T.A. four mikes.”
Looking back over the rail, Commander Hudson sees the Fifth Fleet formation begin to break shape and maneuver in an attempt to either cut off, attack, or route our new quadrant guests.
“Clayton!” Lawrence shouts above the vibrations and calls of the men. He points to the bow of the ship. “Forward guns! Rails!?”
“Stand clear!” I shout back, holding myself steady and observing through the gun ports for any sign of the enemy. “We’re testing by live-fire, I suppose!” Lawrence doesn’t appreciate the dry humor, a sullen face remaining as he turns back to his battery section. We are about to close the distance and, this time, commit to the fight we start. A look between Lawrence and I amidst the shouts and cries of the men with lanyards in hand, bracing themselves for what is likely to be significant.
“FIRE!” Lawrence shouts, the bow runners blasting away.
“FIRE!” I order as the starboard battery thunders out blistering rays of blue from bow to stern, the simultaneousness of our guns firing causing the Argo to shutter, nearly sending us to the deck. Fire and smoke, pieces of the enemy, and sounds of high-pitched engines fly through the air as the enemy continues its path closer to us.
Blasts, pings, shouts, and cries fill the deck as we do our best to hold on, the power reeling as it attempts to charge the guns and feed the engines simultaneously.
“Hold on, boys!” Truxton shouts, Lawrence seen straining to hold on as the clashes of noise and strain fill our senses. The Captain brings us around, no doubt right back into the firing line of the enemy. The guns charge, the men hold tight, and we do our best to spot the enemy as we come about.
“FIRE!” I order as the enemy comes up on port, she firing at us just the same, bright flashes of white and red exchanging between us both as we are now at danger-close distances. Shouts and screams roll through the deck along with the crashing of what is likely pieces of mast and railing being hurled over the side. The Argo takes a hard turn, causing me to lose my grip and fall into another crewman as the two of us roll and crash into the side of the ship.
Sirens from the Argo wail as the men shout, hauling guns out of their ports even though they’re not finished charging.
“Six guns down, Mr. Wade!”
“Ready, boys! Hang on now!”
“Bring us about, DAMNIT! Come about!!”
Blasts and concussions beat into our chests, the men firing-at-will without command to keep the edge on our enemy. She detonates, parts and pieces of her tumbling through space as we fly straight through her debris field. Fire, havoc, fear, and death rip into the Argo, blasts from the Eclipse resuming the fight nearby on another enemy ship rounding out.
“Argo! Roll Right! Right!” the radios blare in the bridge, the men calling out damage reports and status of the guns as the helmsman does as the voice commands. Turning us upward and to starboard, we hold on tightly as the enemy is no longer visible.
The Eclipse fires away now that its path is clear, making a real right mess of the enemy while the two contenders take shots at each other. Pieces of both ships splinter and tear away, though the enemy Scavenger has seemed to have lost the bout. Still, the Eclipse now sports a massive hole with a fire burning inside. Bodies fall out – some on fire, some not – and rapidly descend into the darkness below.
Some of our guns are smashed into the rear position, now impossible to run out. The Captain makes a wide loop, sounds of the nearby fight still booming and echoing in the near distance. This isn’t over, and the Captain sure isn’t calling it quits just yet.
Lawrence is trying to restore order by doing his best to account for his men, check the status of his guns, and see the enemy all at once. The panic and chaos of it all has consumed him. We’re turning, the enemy now likely to be to our starboard. There! Getting closer now, the alarm rings out and yellow lights flash. Lawrence doesn’t notice, not even aware we are coming up on another enemy ship in the fight.
‘Leave him be,’ I tell myself. ‘I’ll call the shot to fire from starboard since Lawrence isn’t paying attention. Let Lawrence fail.’
Closer now, the engines pick up as most guns remain operational and run out. Charging peaks at ninety nine percent. The Captain will want the bow to fire first, then starboard from bow to stern. It should be Lawrence’s call. It should be.
Even closer.
“Mr. Wade!” the Commander shouts over the net, myself in too much pain to flip the handle and change the lights from yellow to green.
“LAWRENCE!” I shout, pointing forward and out. He catches on, gesturing his men to prepare.
“Here she comes, boys!” Lawrence shouts. “Bow guns FIRE!” 
The two forward guns blast out, Lawrence holding on as he calls for the starboard broadside, beginning a chain reaction of the right side guns blasting away in order. The enemy isn’t too close, but most rounds impact and make a terrible sight of her.
In a last ditch attempt, the Scavenger ship fires randomly to hit whatever it can. All I see is a blinding white light. No sounds. No boom. Just a static feeling as the bright white light flows through the open gun port and consumes everything around me.
Weightlessness.
That’s the feeling I have before a sudden smack to my chest and face.
The silence of space fills the Argo. With a few holes in our hull here and there, a stale and vacant sound slips into my mind as I gently rise to stand. There’s no one aboard, but it looks as though – all of a sudden – everyone has disappeared into the void. Guns recoiled or run out, parts and pieces on the deck, not a sight or sound of the enemy – nor anything for that matter.
Walking slowly, I place my hands on myself, gently patting to feel for blood or broken bones. There’s no pain, but there’s a sensation in me that seems intuitively aware, like a feeling that I’m late for something, like suddenly waking up and realizing I’ve slept in. I’m not afraid, though I’m not too assured.
The walls of the ship seem to lighten, a thin white sheet being draped all around me as the echo from the deck under my boots becomes the only sound. Forward of the ship, a white light glows and grows, a slow tingle of release flowing through my body. A figure, a woman, gently emerges and walks barefoot along the deck. A long white dress, sun kissed skin, and mocha eyes, she makes her way toward me as the light behind her follows.
Closer now, I feel a sudden calm and reassurance as she reaches out and touches my shoulder. She’s slow, patient, and deliberate as she looks into my eyes. Audrey, standing in front of me in a robe of white from neck to ankle, gently comes closer as I allow her into my soul. Holding on to me with both hands, we float just above the deck, the two of us gently flowing back to where I had lay.
Stopping where I was before, I feel her hands push me down, effortlessly laying me on the deck and slipping over me. I want so badly to talk to her, to hear her voice, but she just silently inches closer, her legs on both sides of my body as I lay on the deck. Over her shoulders and touching the deck are large, white wings sheltering us from the carnage of the fight.
In a near slow motion, the battle begins to resume around me. I can sense the men nearby, almost frozen in their stance as they brace against blasts from exchanging cannon fire. She leans close, bringing her lips to mine in a soft and warm touch.
Breathe. Just breathe.
Air fills my lungs and causes me to let out a deep breath, suddenly overwhelmed by the sensation of having been holding my breath for far too long. Sitting up, I can feel men pulling on my coat and shouting incoherent words I don’t understand. The shuttering of the ship beneath me returns, the deafening sounds ranging from a dull echo to a ringing as the men help haul me to my feet.
“MR. WADE! Leftenant, Sir!”
I do my best to regain myself, though a stinging pain from my chest upwards consumes my now conscious mind. She’s nowhere around. No white light. No grace which once filled me before.
“HAZAAH!” the men shout as the devastation plays out not far away. Fifth Fleet ships finish the job, chasing down the injured Scavenger ship with impunity. Rounds upon rounds chase after the enemy, breaking her apart with ruthlessness only reserved for those in a most desperate situation.
Holding on, catching my breath, Lawrence and I exchange a look and a nod, doing our best to assess what’s left. The sirens have stopped. The heat seems to be dying down. The Argo slows and rights so we don’t have to strain to hold on anymore.
A siren grinds out as one of the engines loses power. We gently feel ourselves lighter than before, the ends of our uniforms trying to lift up. The gravity core – something’s terribly wrong. The deck tilts a little forward as the Argo seems to be going down by the bow. The lights in the deck turn red, power being drained from the guns as it’s transferred to the ship’s life support.
Our portion of the fight, it seems, is over. Though it could have been worse, this appears bad enough. The men helping me forward, I finally find my feet – and hat – walking by myself and assuring them I’m alright though the words barely escape my lips.
“Clay! Good Lord,” I hear Lawrence say, feeling him take my arm as we make our way up the stairs to see how the rest of the ship fared above. “Sir!” Lawrence calls to either Gentlemen who may hear, Maury being the first to quickly make his way over.
“Sir,” Maury says as he helps, his face one of sweat and disheveledness as he himself had a rough time up above. The deck displays parts and pieces scattered here and there. The wounded are being helped to recover, the dead being moved to the side. Parts of masts hang or have fallen, sails tattered or flapping, making it all appear worse than it really is. The radio shed is ringing with calls from the fleet as a ship approaches from the distance to assist.
The look on everyone’s face is of a sudden reality, like sensing that all of us were almost run over and killed, inches away from a death that, by the miracle of grace, didn’t take us all.
Alive – that’s enough for now.
Chapter 10
Post-Reorganization with Fifth Fleet – Along the Ridge 284 Route
Fifth Fleet has reorganized with the Eclipse and Argo taking a back seat in a safer position for now as we sail along the Ridge 284 route. The damage to the Argo is moderate at best, nothing we can’t fix, but for the foreseeable future we will be down four guns. Not terrible, still keeping us in a fighting condition, but we will have to sail back to more familiar territory and try to make port for proper repairs.
For the time being, though, I sit in the galley with a cold pack strapped to my shoulder and arm, pressing another to my face. Half a cup of coffee turned lukewarm accompanying me, I remain motionless while the surgeon sticks me with another pain killer.
“Broken,” Maury jokes as he takes a seat across from me at the table. “How many of the king’s men will it take to put the gallant hero of the Tulvera Quadrant back to fighting condition?” Setting down his beer and hat on the table, we’re shortly joined by the Commander.
A quick and easy ‘Sir’ from us, he sits with hat in hand and a light smirk on his face. “You look…awful, my good Leftenant.”
“Thank you, Sir. I was worried I would never get a proper battle scar.” Removing the pack from my face, I can feel a short sting of pain flowing behind my eye, causing me to squint.
“I’ve got Lawrence cleaning up. We’re spreading out the four deadline guns between port and starboard. It’s going well.” The Commander takes a deep breath, a hand over his hair as he welcomes a break from the past couple days of our recovery.
The Fifth didn’t suffer any total losses, but the casualties are higher than we expected. The enemy, it seems, saw three of their five ships completely destroyed. The other two, limping back to their safety, are estimated to have a fifty-fifty chance of breaking apart during their route.
Our formation continued along, the Halberg Alliance sending more ships for reinforcement, maneuvering around another Scavenger occupied quadrant to meet us elsewhere.
“Admiral Reid’s coming aboard,” the Commander says, unfolding a note and double checking the information. Maury rolls his eyes, knowing the pomp and circumstance that comes with such a visit. “We’ll be hosting him for dinner after he makes some remarks to the crew about our last engagement, so just be aware.”
“Lawrence has to sit next to Clay,” Maury says, leaning back in his chair.
“Why not you?” the Commander asks.
“If I sit next to Clay with him looking like that, I’ll look like a total rookie who avoided the last fight. I can’t compete with that,” he continues while pointing a finger at my ice pack strapped self while looking to the Commander.
“Yes you will – sit next to Clay, that is.”
We chuckle at Maury’s expense as he sits a little slack jawed, but even that makes my face hurt.
Recovery En Route; No Enemy in Sight – Fifth Fleet Formation near Hinn Controlled Space
The dead being hailed, the right words regarding honor and courage being read aloud, patronage and strength of the mighty Theranean Navy being repeated, we join Rear Admiral Reid in the Captain’s quarters for what is an elegant meal and affair.
Dressed in our best uniforms, we sit around the candlelit table, carrying on conversations other than the events over this past week. We do our best to return to normal as if the engagement never occurred, acting like another one isn’t looming. The food dwindles down, the drinks are refilled, and we’re in as good of spirits we can be given the circumstances.
“…To speak the truth, Gentlemen,” Admiral Reid continues after the alcohol begins to settle in. “Seeing a Nelsonian with damage like this has been typical in my experience. It’s just for the good graces of an outstanding Captain like Charles,” he leads, calls of ‘Here, Here’ and agreeable grumbles coming from the Officers, “that the ship remained in fighting condition and took the fight to the enemy, though damage were already suffered.”
The Captain is solemn, a tap on the back from Commander Hudson as the men grumble and grin.
“Speaking of fighting men,” the Admiral continues, “true warriors to the likes of Leftenant Wade here,” he says, accompanied by fists tapping the table with ringing of ceramic and silverware, “that the enemy only lived as long as they did because you allowed them to.” This calls for chuckles, laughs, and applause. It’s an homage, a recognition of the greatness that is the Argo. Nothing more. There’s no mention of Lawrence or the other Officers, though I’m not persuaded that was intentional.
“This fight, Gentlemen, this fight is unlike any other,” Admiral Reid tells us, capturing the somber mood within the yellow-orange of the candles around the table. “This is just the beginning, I assure you. Knowing the history of this Nelsonian, with the experience in heavy combat like that of Captain Decatur, swatting away random Scavengers caught along a trade route is a thing of the past for you. This is different. This is violent. We’re on their stomping ground now. A trade convoy is not their target. You are.” No one speaks nor hardly moves, not even to drink. Just listens.
“This fight was not some one-off event. This fight, for all we know, could be just the tip of their spear. The rest of their fleet could be heading this way,” the Admiral says while tapping a hard finger on the table. “Right now. This fight is just one in a series of events. Any fantasies about there being one big fight, or even just two,” he continues, Maury exchanging a glance my way, “is sorely mistaken. Get ready, Gentlemen, this will be a trying moment, but it’s your moment.”
We raise glasses and say encouraging words, hail the Fifth, and drink our words down. The Admiral’s right, we all know, but we could have gone without him actually admitting it to our faces. He’s a good man. He means well.
As the evening has begun to wind down, Commander Hudson and I take a turn about the deck, warming beers in hand to see how things are coming along. The deck cleared of debris and the sails mostly repaired, the carpenters are doing their best to get us back into fighting shape.
“It’s not surprising to see you Gentlemen out here,” Admiral Reid says. Putting on his hat and walking our way. Accompanied by the Captain, the Admiral is in a more modern service, dawning an impressive white and gold uniform amidst our blues and reds.
“Sir,” we offer, still holding our beers as we prepare for some final words before the Admiral must be off.
“It truly was an honor, Sir,” the Commander continues in his cordiality, not putting it on me to continue the pleasantries.
“Please,” Admiral Reid says, a dismissive wave of the hand. “The pleasure is selfishly mine, being able to be around the fighting lads of the mighty Fifth.”
“Fighting men like our good Leftenant’s and Ensign’s,” the Commander injects as an honoration.
“I’ve heard some talk, Mr. Wade,” the Admiral continues.
My heart may have briefly stopped, the Admiral becoming more serious as he fusses with his gloves. “Sir…”
“There’s been this little bit about some piss-ant investigator wondering around my fleet and bothering my Officers with some nonsense. I want to assure you,” he continues, a look to the Captain with an agreeable face, “that if anything else comes of it again I want to know right away. Send that twit – to me. No disrespect to Theranian officials, of course.”
“Aye, Sir,” we reply, escorting the Admiral to the railing to board his transport back to the flagship. The Commander gives me a quick and knowing glance. He’s had some hand in this.
“Three cheers for the Admiral!” a crewman shouts. “HAZAAAA! HAZAAAA! HAZAAAA!” they shout in admiration. The Admiral does his honorable best to not recognize it for humility sake.
“A cheer for the Leftenant!” another injects. “HAZAAAA!”
It’s difficult to not let the men get to me, even if I’m not one for self-adoration.
“For the Leftenant, indeed,” the Admiral says to no one, boarding the transport as a high-pitched whistle blows, the men of the Argo presenting arms with a salute as he departs for his massive flagship Destination.
Fifth Fleet Patrol; Allied Space Borderlands – Nearing the Tulvera Quadrant
“Mail!” a crewman calls, folded papers in hand fresh from the signal shack. “Twindle. Jenson. Ensign Maury. Leftenant Wade.” Handing out the papers with Camden’s handwriting on the back, Maury and I walk our beers to the rear of the ship away from the high traffic areas and noise.
Dinner tonight with the Captain included an invitation to the Midshipmen as a way to ensure everyone gets the message. The Hinn have been caught moving within an area of the Tulvera Quadrant we have now dubbed “The Pit,” a segment of space around much of nothingness. It turns out our reinforcing detachment has picked up enemy signals along their route to rendezvous with the rest of us.
Even after their detection, the Hinn didn’t seem to either know or be concerned about how close the Halberg Alliance ships are to their stomping grounds. That’s either a great sign, or a terrible one. If they aren’t afraid of Alliance ships, should we be afraid of them?
It’s no secret that once our two formations joined, effectively doubling our force, that we would be sniffing around the last known position of the Hinn. Military Intelligence is about timing, something we seem to have been getting wrong this whole time.
“Someone’s popular,” Maury says in a jest, leaning back against the railing and reveling in the chance to let his cares slip away, if only for a while. “Anything from Audrey?” Maury could be a real pain in the ass, but when it comes to subjects like Audrey, he’s sincere and caring. Her letters put me at ease, always finding me in a good mood and, to his benefit, making me more likely to fetch the next round of beers. Bastard.
“No,” I reply without enthusiasm. There are three letters altogether, each of them having different seals. Opening one, I stand a little more upright. With the next letter, I start to take a couple steps. The third one makes me look to Maury. He’s noticed, holding the beer in suspension and nearly to his lips, his eyes shifting slightly.
“What?”
“Hmm,” Commander Hudson murmurs with a scowled brow and curved cheek as he reads another one of my letters. “What? Come on, now.”
“I already gave the letter from the investigator to the Captain. He said he would relay it to Admiral Reid,” I say, leaning on a small table in the Commander’s quarters. The three of us are a couple of beers in, Maury doing his best to play host in the ordeal.
Maury takes another look at his letter from home. All good news and well wishes – nothing to be noted in a conversation like this one. Back in his pocket it goes.
Investigator Stephen Winslow is back, messaging the Argo to get a statement from myself about where I was born. Only Camden, the Commander, the Captain, and myself are privy to the questions. This is especially true of the question regarding my whereabouts before I immigrated to planet Thera. Maury, the good lad that he was, is clueless to that question or situation. The Admiral, hopefully, will have none of it.
“This one,” Isaac says, rubbing his chin and taking up the beer. “This one sucks.” It’s official – the Theranian Defense Ministry has denied my transfer to the Strategic Warfare Consulate. It’s salt on a wound. If there was only one prospect of good news that could exist out there for me, it’s now gone.
“Ugh,” I let out in a disgusted sound, hands on my head as I pace around the little quarters. Maury sits and drinks, best to just hang out.
“But this one,” Isaac says with gusto, a face of indemnity while adjusting his stance. “I’m not sure what to do about this son of a bitch.”
An indictment to appear in court back on Thera. Apparently the investigator is going all in on this one. He’s pressuring me to make a statement, any mentions of family history designed to catch me lying.
“It’s not a court martial,” I say as Maury’s face perks up. “This is different.”
“On the charge of murder!” the Commander reads again, a little laugh in his voice. “Clay, you’re the greatest man I’ve ever met. You killed yourself and have to testify for the crime. Outrageous.”
“Wait,” Maury begins slowly, looking between Isaac and I. “Clay’s going to jail?”
“NO!” Isaac and I shout in unison.
Maury sits back. Best to just hang out.
“The second crime is identity theft,” Isaac continues, taking a seat and handing the note back to myself. “Identity theft, with back pay to Thera in the millions for your education and service. Now that could get someone serious time.”
“Thank you, Sir!” I say with hands on my face, arms tapping down to my side before taking up the dark brew. They’re really only after the money. If they can prove I’m not Clayton Wade, coupled with identity theft, the Defense Ministry could absolve itself of having such an embarrassing oversight. The Captain isn’t yet aware of it all, but it’s only a matter of time. The room is quiet.
“What are you going to do, Clay?”
With the repairs mostly complete, life seems to return to some semblance of normalcy. There seems to be a rift, however, amongst the sentiments of the crew and, from what I can gather, the Officers as well. Leftenant Emmet Camden has been hard at work lately, his job becoming a misery of sporadic and encrypted messages, navigation challenges in the uncharted Tulvera Quadrant, and general lack of sleep.
While visiting him, he has some time to vent his frustrations before sitting back in his chair amidst his disheveled desk, using a finger to slide out a single piece of paper.
“Then there’s this,” he leads on, sliding the paper my way.
Picking it up, I do my best to decipher text and numbers, arrows and a roughly sketched map on the back in Camden’s handwriting. It’s not obvious at first, but it becomes clear.
“The Hinn formation,” I admit, “they didn’t just pass by our other patrol.”
“Nope.”
“So we haven’t been pursuing them this whole time, at all.”
“Right into the middle of it all,” Camden says, a hard knock somewhere on the map.
“Do you think we’re being set up for an ambush?”
“No,” Camden quickly corrects, sitting up and showing me some deciphered digital traffic. “But they damn well know what’s going on. Mark my words, Clay. That,” he continues, “and since our last scrape – there will be more of them waiting for us out there.”
It seems as though the Admiral was right – this won’t to be any one-off engagement. The series really has begun. It’s not quite total war, but it very much looks like the beginnings of one. After a few moments of silence, Camden gets to the more difficult subject.
“The investigation,” he says coolly. “Anything?”
I loathe the subject, the very idea of it, but I can’t hide from it. “No,” is all I really care to say about the matter, arms crossed and looking to the map as if I really have a location in mind. “The Commander’s tracking.”
“As are others,” he leads on, not making eye contact and leaving it be.
It’s true – people are talking. Reactions, it seems, are mixed on the subject. Some consider my situation plausible – murdering someone to keep them quiet, having already hijacked their identity, trying to jump from job to job and avoid the authorities, authorities catch on and deny my transfer.
Others, however, dismissed it as a mythical tale in the making of an extraordinary hero likened to Achilles. Neither story does anything for my nerves or ego. The men will talk, it’s inevitable, best to not fuel any fires on a ship with wood decks.
I took the time to be alone later that evening. No beers with Maury on the deck, no idle gossip or cryptic rumors with the Commander, just let me be.
Watching the fleet in the near distance as we provide rear security, I reach into my coat pocket and remove a small stack of folded papers. A couple maps, a list of grid coordinates with ports marked, and transport ship schedules from ports and stations. Idly flipping through them, going over the locations and times I previously circled, I check the link between our next Port and an obscure station orbiting the protected planet Ur’Tres. Tucked within Alliance space just far enough from the enemy Tulvera Quadrant, it’s enough to turn one man from a human to a ghost.
“Leftenant, Sir,” First Mate Jenkins pardons. “The Commander has Leftenant Fields and some others down in the gun deck. Not sure what for. Thought you would want to know.”
“Yes,” I rightly state, putting my hat on upright and standing the same. “Thank you, Jenkins.” Tucking the papers in my coat and following the mate along the decks, I do my best to bring myself back to reality – the one that can actually kill me.
It’s business as usual down below, Lawrence and the others half-gathered around as the Commander goes about his job of inquiring about the guns.
“The guns have been spread out here, here, and there,” I indicate as the conversation continues. “It’s not that they are completely defunct, but their combat effectiveness is questionable at best. In any dire situation, however, we can try to get them to fire, but there’s no guarantee.”
Commander Hudson grunts and thinks with a hand stroking his chin. “And the forward rails to starboard?”
“The guns function well enough, Sir,” Lawrence states. “Our last engagement saw them a little difficult to haul out from the rearward most position, but the boys got through it alright.”
“Why not keep mending them?”
Lawrence looks to me, seemingly searching for a good answer. I look to the Commander, an expression of thought on my face, he noticing the gears turning in my head. “There were just other priorities, Sir, I…” It’s difficult to think, not really coming up with a good answer.
“A more clearly thought out reason, Mr. Wade,” the Commander prompts.
“The quality of a true Gentleman,” Lawrence injects. The Commander stops, slowly turning himself and his gaze towards Lawrence. The deck is quiet, save for the hum of the engine and a random clink or clank here and there. We stare at Lawrence for longer than is absolutely necessary. The Commander returns his gaze to me, though no one else does for a few seconds more.
“Guns,” Commander Hudson says to me, turning to Lawrence with a hard point. “Get it done.”
The day goes on as it should, ending with no real significance other than being closer to the rendezvous point with the reinforcing fleet.
“Impertinent twit.” Tossing my hat on the bed and unbuttoning my coat, Sam goes about the business of helping himself to the beer cask. Sam just grins at the thought, wishing he could have been there to see it himself.
“I can only imagine Isaac’s face,” Maury smiles, causing me to do the same. A little chuckle slips between us before Sam hands me the charged glass, clinking them between us as we make ourselves comfortable.
Without knocking, Commander Hudson invites himself in with a face of on the brink of exhaustion. He looks terrible, but all things being equal, his share is much larger than ours to bear. We begin to stand, but he grumbles a sound. ‘Sit your ass down’ it says.
“If you think Lawrence is a pain,” he begins, hat on the dresser before taking my beer. After a drink, he makes to give it back to me, but I wave him off. ‘Keep it’ it says. “The good Admiral Reid’s comments to your infamous investigator don’t seem to be having much effect. Turns out the Defense Ministry doesn’t account much for non-Theranian Admirals. What a joke.”
His words aren’t comforting to any extent, making the folded papers in my coat feel that much heavier.
“Are they calling me back?” I ask.
“Not yet,” Isaac replies, shaking his head and making a disinterested face. “Some of the bureaucrats in the Ministry don’t seem swayed by Admiral Reid’s adoration of you, though. At first it sounded as though they were coming around, but recently there seem to be more questions than answers.”
“Are there no more heroes?” Sam genuinely asks. “What is Clay supposed to do to make them see it’s all an elaborate hoax?”
Isaac looks to me when Sam mentions my name, returning to his beer and thoughts shortly after that.
“Sam,” Isaac says to break the young man’s unhelpful ramblings. With a head gesture to the door, Sam takes the hint, recharging his beer and grabbing his hat. Sam calls us Gentlemen and leaves, closing the door quietly as if afraid to startle us.
“When’s the next fight?”
“Why?” Isaac asks, a huff and drink from the glass. “Thinking of jumping off into the darkness amongst the reigning chaos?” He smirks and drinks. My expression doesn’t budge. Isaac notices the dense atmosphere and comes back to reality.
“When I was a Lieutenant Commander,” he says to himself, fiddling with the cold glass in his hands. “I was to go before the mast for the test to go from being the temporary Lieutenant Commander to a full Commander. That was years ago aboard the Aura.” I sit and listen, noting the sincerity in his voice. “I had the skills to fight, to command. I had the innate ability to predict what the ship was going to do next even before the Captain brought her around.” He thinks, a self-contained smirk and chuckle. “My problem was the verbal portion of the test. The range of questions they ask you, the ludicrous theoretical situations they put you in and the immediate response they demand. All of that is garbage, just a way to see how you bend under pressure. I didn’t have to deal with that when I made L.C.” Another moment to himself. “I never would have been able to get through it by myself.”
He’s trying to tell me something and he’s leading me, but to hell with it. I’ll bite. “So how did you answer the questions correctly?”
Isaac chuckles, a grinning smile coming to his lips before taking a drink. “By sleeping with the Admiral’s daughter.” This gets a grumbling chuckle from both of us. Isaac watches my face, still with a smile and something in his eye resembling the memory of it all. He smirks, looking to me as he watches my expression become sullen.
“We do what we have to do to get by, Clay,” he continues. “Maybe we’re not the men we think we are, but we don’t have to be the men we once were.” I sit and think about his comments, arms folded and boot on the opposite chair, staring at an obscure spot on the floor. “Do you think less of me?”
“No. Absolutely not,” I reply, glancing his way. “Some obscure little test doesn’t define who you are. Not the brave Commander I know.”
Isaac smirks after another drink. “Sound advice. Maybe you should follow it sometime.” It’s not amusing when he turns my words on me like that. “Trust me, Clay. This will all blow over. Everything will be alright. You’ll see.”
I’m not assuaged at all by his candor, but it’s good of him to try and keep me from collapsing within myself.
Fifth Fleet Formation; Nearing the Vulgra Space Station Rendezvous Point
“Thank you, Camden,” I offer before turning out from the radio shed. With an ‘Of course’ from him, diligently going about sending my message over the channels, I dip my head so as to keep my hat from hitting the door, stirring my morning coffee in an unhurried rush.
With a salute from a crewman and the ship coming alive for the morning shift, I resume watch for the first part of the day to be spent milling around the quarterdeck with the Commander, it seems.
“Sir,” I murmur with a touch to my hat, a mumbled acknowledgement from Commander Hudson as he surveys his charts and plotters.
“Mr. Wade,” he replies without looking up. A cook from the galley appears with a tray of coffee, setting it down as I prepare a cup for the Commander in red.
It’s to be another day, another week of uncertainty as we neared the Vulgra Space Station, our rendezvous destination with Fifth Fleet’s reinforcements. I watch as we idly trudge along our route, slowly passing by another ship in the formation as her engines burn red, sending waves across space as the Argo shutters a bit, sailing through her wake before slowly slipping by her. The Commander and I watch, seeing others on the great ship peering out from the windows as we pass each other. We can see them talking to one another, pointing to the Argo at various angles. Commander Hudson offers a little wave – a couple of them returning the gesture.
Off we go, we brave and clueless few, sailing closer to an unknown we are sure will bring us victory only after violent spats of defeat, running out the guns being one of our last great acts.
Brauma Space Port; Allied Controlled Space
The weeks had been long, not only for her never-ending shifts and weekends of catering and tending to the bar, but long in the sense that her nights are filled with his memory. The few days they spent together replay in her mind, feeling as though they had gone by too fast.
With the artificial night setting in, Audrey closes the blinds before changing into her comfortable pants and top. Bare feet lightly touch the floor as she sets out the wine, only one glass required since his has remained where she left it the day he embarked.
A transmitted letter from Clay in her pocket – ‘Audrey, My Sweet’ scribbled across the front – she is ready to sit back with wine in hand, blanket across her lap, and take in his words as the digital image of the Argo floats and slowly travels in suspended space. Its light would fill the room with stars and planets, ships and routes highlighted in an assortment of colors.
A knock at the door. 
Stopping with the wine bottle in her hand before setting it gently on the counter, she walks slowly with an inquisitive look on her face as she approaches the door.
More knocking. 
Now convinced, she peers through the peephole, seeing two men dressed in black and blue suits, both of them holding satchels of some sort.
“Yes?” Audrey asks through the closed door.
“Ms. Audrey?”
“Who wants to know?”
“Theranian Defense Ministry, ma’am. I’m Stephen Winslow and this is Mr. Shane Duvot. We just wanted to ask you some questions, ma’am. It won’t be long.” He flashes his badge near the door before Audrey opens the locks, greeting the men as they enter her apartment.
They asked about Clay, but she stated no one by that name has ever been here before.
No, the picture doesn’t look familiar.
There were a lot of people at the event that night, she never noticed a man in a blue uniform, sword, or any of that.
Yes, they can contact her again if they have any other questions, but she does seem in a bit of a rush to get rid of them.
“I apologize for troubling you, ma’am. I’m sure we received a bad tip, that’s all. Hopefully we never have to bother you again.”
Audrey nods, not saying much while looking away from the men as she continues shutting the door. She fiddles with a gold button, the Theranean Navy seal imprinted on the front, fashioned around her neck as a makeshift necklace.
As the door latches, she watches the men leave through the hole, both hands still on the door to ensure it’s completely closed. Could they feel her watching them? Did she seem nervous? Is Clay dangerous?
Stuck in her back pocket, Clay’s note slightly protrudes, the tan paper just barely visible…
Audrey My Sweet,
It’s no secret, as I’ve stated before, but your letters bring me back to you – away from this place – every word you write filling my mind as your voice returns to me. For a moment, I’m not here, standing on the deck, as incredible as the stars and distant galaxies in the distance may appear.
When I read your words, I return, the two of us making perfectly good excuses to not get out of the sheets and accomplish something productive. Your hands on my chest, your perfume lingering on the sheets in the darkest corners of our night – my soul lives there until I can return to you again.
You don’t know it, but you saved me. Things had taken a turn for the worse at one point, the terrible fear that grips us all amidst the most trying times in our lives. I wouldn’t have made it through if not for you. You came to me, the memory of us reaching through the universe to find me at that moment. I wasn’t afraid. I didn’t panic. You came to me. You saved me. And for that I can never be more grateful. I know it sounds strange, but it’s true.
That night when you were talking about personal connections, you referred to us as lovers. I have to admit that at first I wasn’t quite sure that’s what we were, but as time has gone on, it’s is the only way to capture the way you let me hold you, running my hands along your skin under the sheets, and whispering things in your ear only reserved for such a reference.
I will arrive at a station soon. Keep an eye on the ship.
Yours,
~Clay
Chapter 11
En Route to the Rumnara Space Port – Scavenger Occupied Tulvera Quadrant
With full sails, the Argo rounds out to take far side security for the Fifth as we slip along the uncharted Scavenger filled space that makes up the Tulvera Quadrant. The Commander is on the quarterdeck with the Captain, going about the business of complaining about distances and risks to the fleet.
A nod to a crewman as I make my way from the galley, I step out to the main deck while balancing the saucer and coffee. We’re really making headway, not a single sail flailing or falling idle as both engines hum away under our boots.
Over in the radio shed, Camden is busy plugging away coordinates and tucking away newly minted reports from both the Ministry and Fifth alike. An exchange of looks, he finds the opportunity to break away, a crewman diligently taking over.
“Clay,” Camden says with a half-enthusiastic sound.
“Emmet,” I reply, taking a drink of coffee as he retrieves his own for the early start to the shift. With our coats buttoned, we idly stroll the deck and find a spot on the rail, watching as the fleet adjusts and sails along in the near distance. Emmet looks around the skies as if he actually has some paranormal ability to sense his fate.
“Something not smell right?” I ask, holding the warm cup and looking around with a light smirk.
“You know me, Clay,” he says, fiddling with his coffee and stealing another glance. “You see that nebula, there?” I look to where he’s pointing, making a sardonic sound of knowing. “Others in the fleet have noticed, but it hasn’t moved but maybe a few million miles from that position since we entered the quadrant.”
I watch his face, take a drink, and wait for the punch line. It doesn’t come.
“That,” he continues, accompanied by clinking ceramic, “and the stars…they pulse.”
“Pulse.”
“Pulse,” Emmet echoes. Making an open and close gesture with his hand. “The stars pulse. In unison. Slowly.” He’s serious. Looking about the dark sky, I try to pick out a cluster of stars – red and blue – though I notice no pulsing other than the usual anomaly of flickering. I make a strange whistling sound in a mockery, it being difficult to contain my childish nature as Emmet finally starts to cave to my ignorance and demeanor.
“Right,” he says with an honest smile and half chuckle. “Right.”
We watch as the Argo carries us along, both of us knowing full well things could sour at any moment, so why be so wound tight all the time?
Leftenant Camden has a bit of a timid character about him. He’s a good man, rightly so, brave and upstanding as any other. About a year ago, after going on and on about a fear that we were being followed by a nearly invisible Scavenger ship, we had finally heard enough and played along with his game, connecting pins with red string all over the radio shed marking conspiracy theories all over the place. Camden was pissed. We thought it was hilarious. Weren’t we the butt of it all when it turned out he was partially correct.
“Just point, Emmet,” I tell him, a light tap on the arm. “I’ll shoot.” I think he’s remembering the same invisible incident as I, exchanging glances during our telepathic recall.
Upon approach to the Rumnara Space Port, the Bosun’s mate sounds the All Hands, summoning the crew to the deck, myself and Maury standing next to each other on the quarterdeck. The port really is an impressive sight, sort of a last bastion of the Alliance before skirting further into the edge of the unknown.
Instead of being caught reorganizing in the middle of the unfamiliar and Scavenger infested Tulvera Quadrant, we’re linking up and refitting just across the Alliance’s boundaries. These fighting starships are massive machines of war comprising most of our fleet, but a few are designed as fast and maneuverable frigate class warships like the Argo. In the shadow of another ship, we slowly and gently sail lower as we approach the floating docks.
“STOW – SAILS!” First Mate Jenkins calls out, the crew rolling them up as fast as they can, the men at the rails ready to tether us to the docks.
“CAST – LINES!”
The engines are at a dull murmur, powering down as we cruise onward. The bell tolls three dings, the ringing sound echoing off nearby ships and buildings on the port. Looking around, it’s a busy place. People of all kinds coming and going, ships leaving for their mission or trade route before quickly being backfilled by another ship taking the empty slip.
At the sound of a shrill whining, I notice a transport ship leaving the port and heading down to the planet below while another one heads out somewhere in space. Who are on those transports? Are there many? Are they coming back? These are all questions I ask myself, hoping I will get the answers while on one of them myself. 
Just a little while longer…
“Permission to come aboard!” a lad calls before being acknowledged and coming up the gangplank.
“To your posts, Gentlemen,” the Captain calmly says, making his way down to meet the newcomer.
“Maybe we’ll get some time off this creaking tub,” Maury aspires, his spirits growing at the thought of some hole in the wall bar and a few hours away from here.
“Mmm,” is all I can let out, my mind going through multiple scenarios, coming up with good excuses to be dismissed early.
“Gentlemen,” the Commander calls while standing near the Captain, flipping through some documents handed off by the boarding lad. We stop and watch for the next sign. Mail? “Captain’s quarters,” Commander Hudson orders, gesturing with his eyes as he stands with hands behind his back.
We few Gentlemen exchange a quick look, certain doubts silently being raised between us. Surely they won’t deny us some liberty while refitting. The leadership needs to do some planning anyways. Isn’t mutiny still a credible threat?
The Captain disembarks the ship as Commander Hudson makes his way up, the Bosun’s whistle piercing through the air as the Captain heads down the gangplank with a purposeful step.
First Mate Jenkins calls to the crew, setting them about their business of stowing away the ship and preparing for resupply. The men set about their work, a little surprised to be getting to it so early.
Gathered in the Captain’s quarters, we don’t make for much cordiality as the Commander enters. He too, it seems, is trying to figure out what’s going on. Plopping his hat on the table, he stands and shuffles through the short stack, reading a bit here and there as he goes. Without looking up, he makes it quick.
“We’re refitting immediately, not likely to be any liberty while we’re docked. I suspect the Captain is getting brought up to speed with Admiral Reid as we speak. Here,” the Commander continues, letting out an exhausted breath before taking a few moments to read.
“The Alliance is faltering. Pulvera, Gremstol, and Halek are considering breaking away and forming their own federate,” he continues, making an irritated face and shaking his head. We look around, folding our arms and trying to care when all we want is some time off before we go treading merrily to our doom that’s sure to beckon Fifth Fleet.
After some short words between us, the Commander concludes what it means. “That leaves nine of the original twelve still dedicated to the Alliance. Some of the Fifth’s ships are part of those. We’ll see if that takes away from our end strength. I guess we’ll have to see. Stand by, Gentlemen.”
The Commander turns and leaves, holding us prisoner until he finds out more. Shortly afterwards, having sent the young Gentlemen Midshipmen for a beer run, we had just begun to take in the brew when the high pitch of the whistle catches our attention – the Captain’s back.
Rendering proper respects, the Captain puts us at ease and gets right to it as he hands a few papers and charts to the Commander.
“The Hinn have taken notice of our consolidated strength, Gentlemen, with signs of their own movement to assemble some ships not too far from where we turned out into the Tulvera Quadrant. Here, further across the border,” he says while pointing to a curve of space on the map, “the Fifth will push the Hinn away from Alliance space. This isn’t to destroy them upon the first engagement, but to set off a series of events so our strength in numbers can shave off some of the fat, influencing the Hinn to reconsolidate elsewhere further away.”
We watch and listen, drink and think. It’s a lot really suddenly, myself not even sure I’m processing everything correctly. I have questions, but they will have to wait.
“Upon achieving an early victory,” the Captain continues in the same direct tone, “we will push forward and pursue until approximately this point, more or less, the intent being to ensure the Hinn really are moving away and not reconsolidating in any of their rear areas for an immediate counter offensive. We will end the war before it starts, Gentlemen.” The Captain stands straight, hands behind his back as he gauges the atmosphere, and looks out the rear window into space – a set of stars personally unknown to the Captain lingers quietly.
“It hasn’t been said out loud, but this will not defeat the Hinn. There’s no sense in it. It’s too early, too rash, and too risky to invest an entire fleet without measuring the Hinn’s full strength. I assure you, Gentlemen, what we will encounter will be swift, violent, and trying, but not decisive. No,” he continues, more so to himself than to us. “Not decisive.”
Three tolls of the bell and we are off, lines hauled in and sails slowly lowered as our engines power up as we are taxied out of the slip. With the engine’s vibration in our boots, the men lining the rails, and Officers on the quarterdeck, we Gentlemen of the profession do our best to think of what comes next as opposed to the true gravity of our current reality.
The Argo turns, orders are shout, and engines heat up as we follow the lead ships out and away from the Rumnara Space Port. Forward. That’s where we’re going, Leftenant Emmet Camden watches our position change further from the space of Alliance blue to Tulvera black, the digital display of Fifth Fleet in formation on the moving map.
“Argo, Argo,” a ship calls over the net.
“To your posts, Gentlemen,” the Captain orders.
“CABLE TEST!” shouts Master Gunner Truxton through the gun deck.
A look to Maury and a tap on the back of Lawrence as we head below.
Commander Hudson assumes the quarterdeck.
Here we go.
Patrolling for Hinn Activity; Sailing Deeper Within the Enemy Controlled Tulvera Quadrant
After an uneventful two days at sail, we ran into a couple Scavenger ships we assumed to be scouts out in front of or around the Hinn main body. The engagement was quick, but we were able to get in on the action just before it petered out to an unimpressive end.
During the engagement, while rounding out from the cruiser Celestra, the Captain brought us about in a hard loop. Holding on tight and with engines reeling, he put us right on top of her before I gave the order to fire. It couldn’t have been better timing, as it appeared the Scavenger was trying to get away from the Celestra in the first place. A few random rounds bounced off of our hull and across the deck, but nothing serious.
Lawrence didn’t get a single word out. The forward starboard guns Lawrence is responsible for seemed to all but act like Lawrence wasn’t even there. The boys did as they always do – watch, listen, and keep up with the tempo of the fight. Lawrence didn’t order the bow guns to run out or ready themselves. Nothing.
The crew caught on, some of them talking loud enough for me to passively overhear, but I figured it’s not in my best interest to intervene. Maury even heard from up on deck. He thinks that after this trip is over, Lawrence will be on his way out to another, safer ship not of the line. I don’t dote on such things, but I did let the opinions stand by themselves. I’m not sure what the Commander thinks, but at this point I really don’t care.
I take on watch the next night, pacing the quarterdeck and doing my best to concentrate on anything than my own demons. How’s Maury? Did I log the error report from gun 36? Should I do another radio check with the flagship?
My own compulsions aside, I stand upright and salute the Commander, actually glad to see him stop by.
“Sir.”
“Mr. Wade,” he offers in an everyday tone. The man is exhausted, it seems. He takes up a spot on the rail overlooking the ship, glancing around at our position relative to the fleet.
A heads up to a crewman, ‘coffee’ being the only word I need to send him off. “Hang out for a while, Sir, your troubles will still be there after your return. No need to rush off to them now.”
Commander Hudson makes an agreeing face, myself seeming to have tapped into his mind. The tray appears before long, myself taking it and mixing the two of us a cup as the chill of space continues to settle in. Handing one to the Commander, I pace around to keep him from growing anxious.
“He needs help,” Isaac says, blowing on the cup before a sip. There’s no point in asking to whom he refers.
“Mmm,” I murmur, taking a drink myself. “Not to worry, Sir,” I reply to assuage any concerns he has. “Every day will see his competence grow.” Liar.
“Competence,” Isaac replies, standing straight and removing some folded papers from his coat. “Now that’s something you and I have been able to rely on.”
“Sir?”
“I contacted the Admiralty today, after messaging and getting Admiral Reid’s approval. I sent them a note regarding your flawless and graceful action on those scouts,” Isaac says with sarcasm. He doesn’t believe it himself, but he can convince others that he does. “The most noble, high and mighty Investigator Winslow has seemed to run into a dead end,” Isaac continues, taking up his cup with small steps. I don’t look to him, just listen as I pace along my own short trail on the familiar wood boards.
“With that, Admiral Reid, as well as his counterparts back on Thera, have shown disgust for such a ridiculous inquiry, expressing their sentiments to support the brave and good Leftenant.”
The words are like a song. Like angels singing. It’s difficult, but I want to take a glance from above to see if a little ray of light is shining down on me. A look to the deck, my shadow casts darkness on top of our boots. Nothing.
I smirk, a sound of weight being lifted off my shoulders causing Isaac to notice. Even he gives a grin of an expression, keeping his remarks to himself. I owe this man a great deal, more than I can ever give. He looks away just before taking another drink.
“Showing their positive sentiments at your court martial scheduled for six months from now.”
“What?” I exclaim while stopping dead in my tracks, the grin having fallen from my face as I look to him.
“Or when hostilities end. Whichever comes first.”
“Gentlemen,” the Commander injects, bringing us back to the here and now. A ‘Sir’ to him, the Commander and I following him into his quarters.
“One more time,” the Captain says, fingers pinching the bridge of his nose as closed eyes continue to scowl. Laying on the table in front of us, Isaac and I’s coffee having surrendered to the situation, myself trying to remain calm though it seems a futile effort.
“Thera was conscripting in the mid 2620’s, Sir,” I continue, trying to retain my composure. Commander Hudson leans against a table, arms folded and staring at the reports addressed to ‘The Right and Honorable Captain Charles Decatur.’ The messages have finally arrived at their intended target, much to my dismay.
“Clay didn’t kill anyone, Sir,” the Commander offers if his opinion counts.
“No,” the Captain ominously yet agreeingly replies. Adjusting in his seat, Commander Hudson and I wait for what comes next.
“I’m not sure what to say about it, Clay. Or Austin, is it?” He stares up at me, a look of exhaustion on his face. Words are required at this point, yet they escape me. “Commander,” the Captain says more formally. “Tell me why we are here, if you would enlighten me so.”
“To defeat of the Hinn, Sir.”
A long and deep exhale leaves the Captain before he taps on the papers, not finding the need to search for any more details. He has heard enough. “To defeat of the Hinn,” he repeats in a low voice.
I’m no longer afraid, just disappointed, though mostly in myself. I always thought I weaseled my way into this business as a means to take care of myself, to risk it all for a better life, not to put a good man such as the Captain in an awkward and troubling position. Especially at a time such as this. Standing straight, I keep a hand behind my back, my hat in hand. What do I say?
“Mr. Wade,” the Captain says dully, rising from his chair and leaving the papers be.
“Sir.”
“Inspect the guns and pay attention to the port side. We’ll be taking up the far left flank soon.”
“Aye, Sir.”
“And Commander – I have one of those feelings again. Let’s keep a good pace, but not too far away from the left wing. Reserve some extra power for the cannons, I think.”
The issue isn’t settled. My future isn’t certain, save for our mission, and I don’t feel any better than when we first began receiving the lecture from the Captain. I felt for him. What choice does he have? Maybe in six months I will find out. The only thing I can think of when I leave the cabin, putting my hat on straight, and heading for the gun deck is one man – Admiral Reid.
Patrolling For Enemy Activity; Negative Contact – Tulvera Quadrant
Sailing through the depth and darkness of stars in the Tulvera Quadrant, we are summoned to the Captain’s quarters where we’re to receive the latest plan from the Admiralty. The Fifth Fleet channels are alive with activity, massive warships and fighters alike beginning to reform and take up new positions. Some time ago, we were pushed further out to the far right flank, further than usual and enough for us all to notice. The Captain knows what’s up and, to be honest, we’re all eager to hear what this patrol has in store.
No beers, no idle stances, no long-winded discussions. After a brief introduction from the Captain, telling us that our first leg of the journey is to probe the enemy in an effort to measure their strength, he prepares to turn over the briefing.
“Leftenant Camden, as our Intelligence Officer,” the Captain leads off, “will take over from here as this mission is to focus on a more discrete role than our previous heavy handed engagements.”
With a few glances between us, our curiosity is peaking, so is our innate uncomfortable appetite for ‘special missions.’
“Thank you, Sir,” Camden offers, rolling out maps on the table and passing around copies of the mission’s specifics. “We will continue traveling on the extreme right flank of the fleet, serving both as security and for gathering intelligence. We are not scouts, however, that job being passed to the Bilgewater who will be out and forward, even further than us. This, however,” Camden continues while pointing to a picture of an obscure object with panels and antennae protruding from its sides, “will be accompanying us. It’s a captured Scavenger satellite, acquired by our flagship before we had set sail from the fleet’s previous rally point at the Vulgra Space Station. That’s why we set sail so quickly during the rendezvous. We were worried the Hinn were actively looking for their stray satellite.”
Standing on his own, allowing us to look over the charts and go over the provided sheets, Camden speaks plainly as the Captain and Commander listen on.
“The satellite will be emitting a strong Scavenger signal on their frequencies, the Argo following closely behind as to mask our emissions as we follow it though space.”
“Where exactly are we following it to, Sir?” Midshipman Monroe asks.
“Here,” Camden points, a blocked off segment of space under his finger. “The Alliance has been tracking the Hinn’s movements for a while, anticipating the Fifth to intersect them near this point. The Hinn’s objective,” he continues, pointing to a nearby galaxy on the map, “is a strategic Alliance Space Port in the Tulvera. We do think they aim to bring the war to us first.”
“Our mission,” the Captain secedes after Camden’s description, “is to use the satellite’s strong signal to mask ourselves as the Bilgewater, serving as the fleet’s forward scout, makes first contact with a Hinn element. We will break free from the satellite, providing reinforcing fires should the Bilgewater be perceived as a target of opportunity, forcing the Hinn to make a stand while the Fifth comes up behind us after the Hinn have committed. No matter what happens, we retrograde back towards the rest of the fleet with the Bilgewater, should we both survive. Questions?”
We try to think to ourselves, but no good arguments float to the surface.
“We have to find the enemy, Gentlemen,” the Commander says as he and the Captain take up their hats and begin for the door. “And we have to do it in their territory as they have the luxury to assume the defense. We’ll be getting in close – and quickly.”
We offer a ‘Sir’ and salute as they exit, Camden staying back to go through specifics and answer questions. It seems straightforward enough, but are we actually stretching our necks out just to make first contact?
Camden talks about Nelson pursuing Napoleon in the Mediterranean as a reminder, a story we all know well. Frigates, it seem, remain a winning element of fleets pursuing fleets. The difference, as it currently stands, is that we are able to have a wolf in sheep’s clothing, another story we all know well.
Chapter 12
We were probably about three beers in at this point, but with Maury and I being off duty it’s good to just let go for a while. Down in my cabin, we took our time exchanging stories, gossip, and a short trip down memory lane.
Before too long, Commander Hudson finds his way down. He needs an escape and, as it were, this is just about the only place to go. Rising to our feet with a dramatized ‘Sir’, Isaac grumbles something to the effect of ‘Gentlemen, something, something.’ His hat on the bed, leaning back on the dresser, and running a hand over his hair to the base of his neck, he lets out a tired huff and closes his eyes.
“In fact,” Maury continues from where we left off, changing the subject to something much more interesting, “that leads me to be curious about what actually happened between the charming and dashingly handsome Commander and the Honorable Admiral Halveston.”
“Oh, God,” Isaac says in a low voice with a pinch to his brow. Maury and I chuckle to ourselves, myself looking back from the chair with my boot propped up on the table before taking a drink. We’re convinced that he will dismiss our inquiry, but we’ll blame our insolence on the beer. To our surprise, though, he leads us in. “So there was this ball…”
Four Months Ago – Halberg Alliance Royal Gala; Two Weeks Before Setting Sail; Planet Mercura
Stepping across the marble foyer, Commander Isaac Hudson slowly makes his way through the crowd of lords and ladies, couples and lovers, royal and layman alike with the charm and grace anyone would expect of such an honorable Gentlemen.
A red coat, gold epaulettes on his shoulders, and sword on his waist, he keeps a hand on the sword hit as he greets warm smiles and dismisses the odd stares of his attire. There are other military like himself in attendance, but there are only a few other Nelsonian Naval Officers. He’s handsome, he’s smooth, he’s a closet alcoholic like the rest of the men aboard the Argo.
After checking his effects, he makes for the bar and retrieves a tall glass of something cold and dark, needing to offset the chill that followed from outside.
“Your Grace,” he offers with an honest little smile, smirking as he takes her hand for a feigned kiss.
“Isaac,” she recalls, acting as if she hardly cared. “You remember my husband or, no, the two of you never met. Michael, the Duke of Colvutra.”
“An honor, your Grace. I’m sure,” Isaac offers as the introductions continue. The man is older than she, seemingly a little too much older, but he didn’t expect less of Madelyn. She eyes his uniform, watching the two men converse as she soaks in the moment. He can feel her glances, but to be honest, the Duke is a good man.
“Are you a calculating man?” Isaac asks, Madelyn now starting to pay attention.
“I’ve been known to make a good call every once and awhile.”
“Really?” Isaac chides, taking a drink as the Duke orders one himself. “Maybe you could give me some tips, on making a good call, as it were.”
“Darling, no,” Madelyn begins, hardly doing a good job of recapturing the man’s attention. “There’s no time…”
“Well,” the Duke begins, “you may be on to something there, good, uh, Captain?”
“Commander, Sir,” he informs with a shallow smile. “Commander Isaac Hudson, your Grace.”
“Check,” one of the men offer.
“Check,” another one states before a puff of his cigar.
“Fold,” injects the grumbler.
“Well,” the respectable and honorable Gentleman Commander Isaac Hudson says behind his irregularly shaped pile of chips. “I’ll raise, then.” The mood has shifted from jovial to sour soon after the red coated man took a seat. At first they thought him a riot. Karma, it seems, really does live up to its reputation.
“Charles,” a woman’s voice says in feigned disapproval at his decision to fold so soon. “I thought you a man of resolve,” she continues as she takes up one of the recently vacated seats. She continues to rile the fellow, gently poking sharp insults his way. The others go along, giving her the spotlight to lighten the mood.
“Abigail, dearest,” Madelyn says while gathering her losing streak of a husband. “Maybe you can bring some civility amongst this den of sin,” she continues as the others grumble their disapproval of her comments. “Good day, gentlemen,” Madelyn continues, setting the Duke’s cards on the table and ushering him out of the back room.
The string quartet continues its tune, muffled notes floating to those remaining around the table. Isaac, it seems, has suddenly had to reexamine the cards he holds and rather or not he is in a good position.
With chestnut hair upon her head, sparkles of gems dimly shine from the light as they glisten with her gestures and words. With skin-toned lipstick and a sea blue dress, Abigail is a strikingly beautiful woman. By the looks of the jewels on her neck, cards are a passive hobby mildly entertained when the opportunity presents itself, more so than anything else.
Six players turn into four. Then three. Now just two remained. With only a couple spectators lingering, the rest licking their wounds at the bar, Abigail sits across from the longhaired Gentlemen with silver buttons, red coat, and gold piping.
“Are you nervous, Captain?” she asks, laying down cards before drawing new ones.
“No,” Isaac smiles. He told her he’s a Commander, but it apparently isn’t what she wanted to hear. That, or it’s another ploy to get into his head. A small and deep chuckle sounds from within him, watching her face as her eyes dot between cards. She’s a little pretentious. She’s somewhat condescending. She’s absolutely wonderful.
“As this is a royal ball,” she begins, setting down her cards to reveal queens, kings, and a jack. “I do believe the crown always wins.”
“Wait –” Isaac interjects before she can reach across the table. “Unless there’s an uprising from the bottom,” he says with a smirk, laying down four two’s and an ace. “I do prefer coming from below. Wouldn’t you agree?”
“Hmm,” Abigail mutters, not giving him the freedom to gloat as she gathers up her things. “Mr. Captain, Sir,” she begins as Isaac stacks and folds the paper wad before tucking it in his coat.
“Abby,” he pries, straightening his coat and following her to the door as the others exit.
Stopping short, she turns and holds onto his coat, running her hand along the medals on his chest, her body close to his. Isaac, being the right and proper man that he is, doesn’t do much to keep the beauty away. She takes a long and quiet breath, her perfume beginning to consume him.
“Oh Captain,” Abigail says in a low and warm voice, “my Captain.” With both hands, she reaches for his coat, taking the lapels in her fingers before pulling him close. She begins the effort, he finishes it, when their lips meet for a soft and gentle kiss which grows firm and passionate. In the suddenness of it all, he doesn’t feel her do much more than press into him as she allows him to steal another one before she pushes away.
Almost, she nearly gets far enough away from him before he takes a swipe, grabbing hold of the wad of money she clasps in her claws. A short and terribly uncoordinated struggle ensues. High heels against boots, fingers against nails, they do this quiet struggle as to not alarm anyone who may be nearby. Finally she breaks free with most of the loot, turning and quickly snapping it shut in her clutch before letting out a huff and quickly making her escape.
Without moving, Isaac finds himself alone as a figure enters the doorway with a scowl of death on his face. Standing half disoriented and confused, Commander Isaac Hudson holds out a hand with a couple folded pieces of paper, an off balanced stance, and lipstick on the corner of his mouth before standing straight and resuming some stature of an honorable Gentleman.
“Admiral Halveston,” he says uneasily. “Sir.”
Maury and I have all but stopped drinking, giving our heads shallow shakes as we try to picture the sight. It’s difficult to convey with our own imaginations.
“Oh my God,” Maury says with a laugh. “Don’t tell me it was his wife.”
“His daughter,” Isaac corrects with a hand to his forehead, a small smile lingering.
“You pulled an Admiral’s daughter,” I say definitively before chuckling at his expense. Maury and I laugh, the reaction spreading to Isaac.
“But I didn’t! Not even close!” he retorts with his arms out and an honest look of self-defense. “I was robbed, man!” It doesn’t matter, it’s a good excuse to drink at the Commander’s misfortunes.
“So…what?” I lead in, trying to figure out why it matters. “Are they coming after you?”
“To hell if I know what they’re doing. He’s the one that mentioned anything about it after talking with that pencil neck investigator,” Isaac says while gesturing to Maury. Maury tips his head back and forth, not really knowing what the investigator can do anyways. “What are they going to do, charge me for solicitation? Requiring the Admiral to publicly state his daughter was hooking? No.”
It’s still humorous, imagining the great man with that stupid look and lipstick on his face.
“Was any of that in that packet you got back at Brauma?” I ask smiling, though a little more somber.
“What? No,” he states, shaking his head and making an irritated face. “Don’t worry about me, boys,” Isaac begins. “You need to worry about taking care of each other, especially that Lawrence character.”
“Ugh,” I say in disgust, taking a drink as the mood sullies.
“What?” Isaac asks, taking a seat in the leather chair. “He’s not capable of handling the gun deck?”
“No,” I retort, trying to avoid eye contact. “Well…he could at one point, but not anytime soon. He’s not ready, especially for this mission.”
Isaac watches and listens, not seeming too invested one way or the other. Maury does his best to stay out of the line of fire.
“The man is not instinctive,” I continue, resting my head back on the chair as I sloop. “He catches on quickly, true enough, but it takes more than understanding parts, pieces, and orders. It takes intuition, being able to anticipate the ship before it moves. Feel the guns. See the enemy.” With the alcohol in my veins, any sense of Gentlemanly conduct or conversation seems to be absent as the booze voices the opinions that have been suppressed for so long.
The Commander sits, listens. “Helping guide him just a little while longer –”
“I don’t want to guide him a little while longer!” I shout, a hand on my face then through my hair. The Commander is quiet, likely calculating what I might do if he punches me in the face right now. “I’m tired,” I continue. “I’m tired of having to watch out for him and take care of the entire deck! I never had that! I took the deck and ran with it! No one held my hand before pushing me off the shore.”
“Clay, calm down,” Maury easily injects.
“Don’t start, Sam,” I quip. “Why not you? Why not put him on the deck for a while, let you work with me instead of a complete imbecile.” I take a drink, hoping the silence they create will bring me back down, but it doesn’t seem to be so. “If he fails then he fails. I can’t,” I drag on, “I can’t keep going like this. With Lawrence, I’m just done babysitting. I’m not the Gentleman you need for this. I’m not…”
“Well,” the Commander says, rising and taking up his hat. “I’m not one for wallows of self-pity,” he continues before creaking the door open. “Especially drunk pity. Gentlemen.”
The Commander is probably right, but right now I’ve got no taste for any of it as he walks out and closes the door.
“He could get us killed,” Maury says easily, fiddling with the now empty beer.
“Yeah,” I say calmly with the drink in one hand, the other on my forehead. “Yeah.”
After being left alone for a while, which was probably right, I put on my coat and grab my hat before heading top side. Away from the rest of the crew, I walk the deck as my anger subsides, other thoughts entering my mind as a way to remove myself from our current reality.
Out in front of us is the Scavenger satellite, leading us further and further into the darkness as the rest of the fleet is some distance away. We aren’t in dangerous waters yet, but we will be soon. Camden seems to be leading this mission, tirelessly tracking the Hinn while keeping control of the satellite. As if pulling us along, the satellite lets out an inaudible squelch, calling home to its masters as far as its current position goes. The location of the Argo and Fifth Fleet, however, go invisible as we sail past dark and likely hostile galaxies. We’ll be in the thick of it soon enough, so it seems prudent to make the most of our time.
Reaching into my coat and producing a pen, I lean on the bow of the ship with the satellite leading out in front.
Audrey Sweetheart,
I should have told you before, so I’m telling you now. I’m not the man you think I am. You deserve to know the truth, but admitting it seems to make our nights disappear from my memories, as if my own punishment for doing the right thing.
The touch of your skin as you pulled me close, the softness of your kiss as you surrounded me with your soft and self-gratifying sounds, the hold you had on me that refused to let go. Those memories are so far away from me now, somehow fading as this world continues to strain my soul, revealing the truth that I never was who they think me to be, showing me that all of my efforts – save for my feelings for you – really have been a lie.
Don’t be afraid, my tour will soon be over. The Captain says we will make port in a few days at the Ur’Tres Minor Space Port. Come with me, Audrey. Leave tonight. Leave now. From there we will start over. Away from the fleet, away from our lives leading nowhere, away from an ominously looming war.
I’ll be there waiting for you. I’ll explain everything soon, though knowing that once you hear the truth, I may never see you again. That’s a chance I have to take before I can ever trust myself again.
Affectionately Yours,
Clayton
***
Negative Enemy Contact; Scavenger Filled Tulvera Quadrant
There isn’t any planned port call to Ur’Tres Minor. There never was and likely never will be, but it doesn’t matter. There is no window of opportunity to slip away, there may never be again, but it doesn’t matter. With sails out, the men on the guns below, and all of us at the ready, we are burning hot behind the converted Hinn satellite as its signal emits through the darkness.
No calls on the radio, no transmissions of any sort leave the Argo as we sail wider out through the void of space and closer to the enemy – wherever they are.
“Guns are charged, Sir,” Master Gunner Hans Truxton relays before receiving a short word from myself. Looking down the row of guns, I exchange glances with Lawrence who has taken command of the full starboard battery. We will have to do this together, we agree, myself nauseous at the thought of Lawrence being in control of the fate of half the Argo, but I go along with the plan against my better judgment,
‘It’s now or never,’ Commander Hudson said before we came below. Lawrence didn’t stand up much for himself when I protested, he seeming just as nervous as I. Regardless, here we go, hurling through the universe as the engines burn a bright blue behind us, vibrating the wood planks under our boots as we hold on. There’s not much to do but wait. We can’t see what’s going on, the men taking bets which side will be run out first. The bow and stern crews don’t get to wager.
“There’s the Bilgewater, Sir,” Camden points out on a hologram to the Captain, the two of them feeling every second that slipped past. Commander Hudson uses his scope to check the position of the remaining fleet once more, constantly tracking them as he watches the Argo’s power. Sails out and solar energy pumping, we all kept an eye out for the Bilgewater and enemy radars, unsure if we are putting ourselves on edge for no reason. We follow the faux satellite closely, allowing its electromagnetics to do their magic.
Quietly, we wait.
A screech comes over the radios, squelching a terrible noise as the systems in the bridge become flooded with irregular traffic and glitches.
“Drone, Sir!” a crewman shouts from the bridge, pointing to its suspected location on the screen. As Camden runs to the quarterdeck and joins the Commander, we hear the commotion of boots and shouts from the deck above us.
There, out and away from the Argo and making a getaway, is a large object cruising rapidly through space. Round and long, sleek and winged, the metallic device makes away as quickly as it can from the Argo.
“Follow it!” the Captain orders. “Stop the damned thing!”
The Argo makes a long and lifting turn to starboard, all of us holding on as the gravity shifts. Lawrence and I exchange glances – Damn, whatever it is, it may have just doomed us all. We hold on, the Argo picking up speed as the vibrations increase. The men hold on. No word. No calls. Just wait for the inevitable.
“Bow guns, Mr. Wade!” the Commander calls over the net. So much for radio silence.
“RUN OUT THE BOW, BOYS!” Lawrence shouts on cue, the Argo slipping further and further away from the satellite and the Bilgewater.
The men labor as they run out the forward guns. ‘Heave! – Heave!’ they shout as the massive guns slam into place, the men screaming toward the open port holes with lanyards in hand, ready to tear into whatever enemy lay before them. They are good, brave men. All of them.
Running further and further away, the sleek drone continues to distort the Argo’s instruments as it extracts data from all over the ship. The radio squelch continues, distorting our systems and flooding our ship with random data.
“No contact with the Bilgewater, Sir! Nor any other ship in the fleet!” Camden shouts from the radio shed. The Commander takes to the rear of the ship to view any fleet movement as the Captain continues peering through his scope, his sights locked on the escaping device.
Camden does what he is good at, sending a jamming signal to the enemy drone to keep it from transmitting any outgoing data traffic, effectively keeping any information about the Argo within its shell. It continues to extract data as we block her transmitters. This can’t continue forever. We have to stop letting is lead us on.
Following the drone into a shallow galaxy, we slowly turn and maneuver to get as close as we can to stop her. Finally in range, Lawrence does the dirty work.
“FIRE!” he shouts, the two forward guns blasting out a deafening roar of blue and white, causing a jolt through the Argo as sails flap, decks vibrate, and chests pound. The drone device tears into pieces, splintering and sputtering in a streak of burning metal.
“HAZAA!” the men shout, a small smirk on our faces.
“PORT! PORT! PORT!” the Commander shouts as three Scavengers break out from a nebula, flames emitting from a dark cloud’s edges as the ships turn here or there, all of them coming straight for us in a row. The Argo makes a hard left, causing men to shout and lose their hold before straining or stumbling across the deck.
“Hold on men!” I shout as I hold on tight, watching as Lawrence prepares to make the call.
“RUN THEM OUT, BOYS!” he shouts, the men running out the starboard battery with a roar echoing through the Argo.
Blasts emit from the enemy, their concussions tearing through space and causing our sails to flap momentarily.
“Bilgewater! – Argo! Contact 38.17-9!”
“FIRE!” Lawrence shouts, us and the enemy exchanging fire in a nearly coordinated effort. White blasts from the enemy rip into our sails and rigging, smash and bounce off our hull as we return the favor. Blue and green streaks from the Argo beat into the center enemy ship, causing parts of her to splinter before she attempts to avoid a collision.
Men scream as pieces of her rip into their bodies, the Argo now flying through her debris field.
“FIRE!” I shout as the Argo comes about, the men releasing a rolling thunder as the Scavenger ship attempts to do the same. Our shots mix in the darkness of space, causing detonations between us before concussions rock across the deck and break away some of our lines.
The exchange continues, the Argo picking up speed and sucking power away from our guns as Lawrence gives the command once more. Pounding, shaking, and splintering continues in a melee of destruction that’s difficult to determine if it is coming from us or them.
“She’s bowing out!” a crewman from the bridge calls out as the Argo’s power begins to wane, one of the Scavenger ships turning out and away while listing to one side from a massive hole in her side.
“Argo, Argo – Bilgewater, six mikes out bearing 918.765…”
The fleet may be on its way, but the enemy surely could care less.
“Reload, boys!” I shout, making my way forward to keep an eye on the fight before the Argo makes a hard turn, rises, and begins to roll. “HOLD TIGHT!” I call out, us rolling over as the engines strain, the enemy just barely passing beside us as rapid and hot shot pours out from her. The pings and dings across the deck cause our ears to ring, the sounds of our own straining resounding throughout our bodies. We hold on, the Argo rights, and we try to see where we are. A whining sound comes up from behind the Argo, the ship quickly making its way to close the gap with us.
“FIRE!” I shout to port, the massive guns blasting away as green cosmic smoke billows through the hold, nearly causing us to go blind. Bright orange light burns from outside the Argo as the dust stings our nostrils. Our rounds tear into the ship as she turns, the men running out the guns as Scavenger rounds continue flying past and around us.
“Cease Fire! Cease Fire!” the radio shouts, the Bilgewater turning out and away as the new holes we just created in her burn. Pieces and crew fall from her hull as the ship limps and gently rolls away, barely able to keep herself upright.
“Leftenant!” someone shouts from above. Lawrence looks to me before ordering the men to run out both sides. The men haul and ‘Heave!’ as my heart races, skipping beats as I make my way up to the deck.
With two men taking him by the arms, they drag the Commander as his limp boots squeek on the deck, a small streak of blood following closely. Instinctively looking to Maury, I order him below.
“Sir!” I shout to the Captain as I take the quarterdeck, holding on tight as we turn amidst random cannon blasts. “The Bilgewater!”
“Take the ship, Mr. Wade!” the Captain orders before running to the bridge.
No time to argue. No time to react. No time to think.
“Take us down! Down! Down!” I shout as the helmsman pours energy into the engines, causing our stomachs to turn with the change in force. Below, I can hear the men shout for each other, holding on as best they can while the stern guns fire away at will. The remaining two Scavenger ships are still on us, though now rolling hard to try and gain position. Looking back and holding on, I get a good view of them coming after us. They’re fast, but we’re faster.
“Create distance, damnit!” I shout, holding onto the rail as the helmsman does his best, turning or weaving to avoid the pursuing shots of Scavenger ships. The enemy fires erratically, but their forward shots aren’t worth a damn. It’s a delaying tactic, but we have to get out of the death trap in which we are so desperately stuck.
“We’re turning hard to starboard, men! HANG ON!” The Argo strains forward and makes a hard turn, engines reeling as the rearward most enemy comes into sight for the starboard guns.
“FIRE!” Maury shouts as the starboard guns ring out while the enemy turns, evades, and returns our generosity. Rounds detonate in space, bright blasts splatter across our hull and deck, one of the Scavenger ships now missing nearly a quarter of itself as our rounds rip her to pieces. Sail and rigging fall, the deck shakes and shudders as the enemy’s quick fire rounds burn hot and white into us. Below is a horrible pounding and deafening splintering of wood and metal, causing the Argo to slow and lurch forward. We hang on until the Argo rights, the helmsman keeping our broadside pointed toward the remaining enemy ship. The fleet is nowhere to be seen. No Bilgewater. No friendlies anywhere.
The remaining Scavenger ship turns away, its engines flickering as she struggles to remain. The Argo continues along, the men hauling off the wounded as rope and chain drag along the deck.
“All Hands! All Hands!” I call over the radio, obvious screams of pain and nearing death coming back through the open channel.
“Mr. Wade…” the Captain says ominously, walking out on the quarterdeck and looking around. Watching where he does, I notice the stars going dim, the far galaxies and celestial clouds seeming to have disappeared. The helmsman keeps us straight, trying to find ourselves on the map, but we’re nowhere to be found.
“Stand by, boys,” I order. “Up. Get us up and out of here.”
It doesn’t matter, the darkness that took the stars is coming closer, surrounding us with a thick and dull atmosphere like a lingering and musky residue after firing the guns. The only sounds are our engines and the vibrations, the wounded and the dying. Wherever we are, it seems a terrible position. Nearly deaf and exhausted, we try to find a good way out of this cloud.
A shriek of a sound, it streaks through the void as the darkness encloses around us. Looking about, anywhere, the shrieks and terrible sounds grow, seeming to come closer though we are sailing faster. Turning this way or that – it doesn’t matter – the ominous sounds continue to near.
A hiss speeds through the air as a crewman is snatched from the deck, the others screaming in a panic as the dark cloud takes its victim.
“There!” a crewman shouts, firing into the black clouds as dark figures slip through the gray void to come after them. A terrible shout and a piercing scream, a crewman falls as his insides are spilled across the deck.
“Fire, damnit, fire!” the First Mate calls, every man on deck shooting their weapons in any direction over the railing. The Captain and I hop down to the deck with the men, drawing pistol and sword as the darkness turns to formless beasts, their appendages extending and grabbing, reaching everywhere for the men.
“FIRE!” Lawrence shouts as both sides of the Argo shutter, tearing into and illuminating the dark hoard charging at the Argo from all directions. We fire and slash, tearing into the hell that forms on deck, their dark blood coating everything and everyone as pieces of them fade back to the cloudless mass they once were.
Blood, pieces, men, and beast furiously hack and shoot away as the guns fire at will though the enemy is now aboard on every deck. The men shout and scream, the terrible death taking them as the dark creatures drag the bloodied dead bodies over the edge and down into the abyss below.
Grabbing onto my coat, a creature pulls and slams me on the deck, beating my chest and neck as its jaws reach out in a piercing cry. Blind from the blows and a searing pain in my neck, I hack at the beast with my sword in a furious fit, hoping to hit anything. Its blood spills as it writhes and falls in a crumpled mess, a sharp pain coming as it stabs something into my leg.
“Back!” Lawrence shouts, firing away with his pistol as I struggle to protect myself, the beast keeping a grip on me though not as strong. Lawrence fires quickly, tearing away pieces of the dark beast before hacking away with his sword. Scrambling, I stumble to find my feet before retrieving my sword from the deck.
“CLAY!” he shouts, pushing me aside and absorbing a charging blow from another creature of the void, myself stumbling before joining their struggle. Lawrence and I slash and kick, both of us goring the creature as its jagged jaws and eyes give one last fight. Bleeding, in pain, and soaked in their darkness, Lawrence and I breathlessly go to find another target as the guns randomly blast away with screams of friendly and enemy alike filling the air. They’re in the shrouds. They’re on the deck. They’re charging the Argo. They’re everywhere.
Brilliance – a bright light – burning a white glow as beams of hot matter easily slip through the hoard bound for the Argo. The darkness seems to shriek all at once, a rumbling cry of panic and dismay. Two forms appear in the bright white glow, both of them streaming through the skies as one hauls a sword at the ready. Tearing through the dark enemy, she hacks and cleaves, a seamless stream of dark clouds and masses fading away.
One of the figures lands on deck as a wave of power flows over and off the ship, sending a golden pulse out to the enemy as dark figures fray and split into pieces of smoke and phantoms. Both of the glowing figures are on deck as bright white clothing flows under armor plates, the sword wielder now accompanied by her companion wielding a spear. They run towards the front of the ship, every step resonating vibrations which slice into the remaining hoard. The dark enemy shrieks at the sight of the armed and winged warriors rushing forward before they hack and gore the only remaining beast.
With blood and the dead on deck, the two winged creatures continue their struggle before the spear finds its target in the center of the beast, the sword cleaving its head clean off as dark blood flows on and over the bow. Unsure what to make of them, or what just happened, we watch as some men fall to their knees or point their weapons at the beaming white and winged creatures.
Taking up the beast’s head, the two silent warriors look to the crew, around the deck, and finally one more time around the surrounding space. Weapons in hand, they spread their wings and with a single flap, surge upward before burning in a beam of light, disappearing into the space above us as the blood of us and our enemies remains.
Sword in its scabbard, I account for those still alive. After wiping the dark blood from my face, I look to the Captain who’s just as frazzled as we all are.
“Mr. Wade!” a voice shouts from below. “Leftenant!”
Making my way quickly down the stairs to the gun deck, it’s worse than I could have imagined. Holes exist where a few guns used to be. Men and pieces lay strewn about as the gun deck is a total wreck. Forward, men are straining at a tangled mess of cannons near the bow of the starboard battery that had broken free and rolled, the deck torn and tattered from the enemies blasts. Gun rails are either twisted or smashed, having escaped from the deck when the enemy rounds hit their mark. Hurrying forward, some of the men glance my way before the gun finally slides and rolls before a sudden stop.
There, laying between the deck and a post is a blue coat facing away from me where a half-crushed body, bleeding profusely, lay lifeless.
“No,” I say, making my way to the lifeless form. “NO!”
Some of the men try to restrain me, but I fight hard to get to the lad. “NO, MAURY, NO!” I scream, hands on his coat as my heart leaps into my chest. A sudden panic overwhelms me as I try to speak, though only screams and pain emit. I can’t see his face, but I don’t have to. With hands pulling on my shoulders while others call for the Captain, my face contorts as I shout incoherently at the sight, my hands somehow suddenly not able to touch the lad. My hands shake, fingers splayed just over the bloodied coat. 
I shout in repeating torrents of disbelief, trying to pretend it isn’t real as involuntary tears burn my eyes and fall along my face. The men don’t help me away – they haul me away as I don’t have the energy to resist anymore. They drag as I kick, the men urging me to calm down.
“Clay!” the Captain shouts, helping the men pull me back along the mess of a deck, my screams and cries flooding the ship amongst the calls of others dying. The look on the Captain’s face is one of terror and loss, himself fighting to restrain the hate and fear that’s near the brink of overwhelming him.
My voice strains and calls for Maury, my friend, my dead buddy, laying in a mix of blood and pieces from the Argo. My voice cracks and goes hoarse as they force me topside, the Captain doing his best to calm me down.
Chapter 13
Recovery Operations – Avalon Space Station, Halberg Alliance Buffer Zone
“Catalina, Catalina – this is Avalon tower. I read you bearing 879.6-1.3. Make anchor at Dock 139. The row is open.”
“Avalon – Catalina. Roger. Show me on 879. One in tow. Requesting a tug to recovery.”
“Roger, Catalina. Tug dispatched. Stand by at 139.”
With the damage sustained by the Argo, the Catalina serves as our escort after the Hinn ambush concluded. Two of the enemy ships are severely damaged, one of them destroyed, though the Bilgewater’s damage should have been avoided. With tow cables attached to the front of the Argo, the Catalina hauls us along as we repair our solar sails in route. The damage, though, will require more than the couple of days we normally experience on station.
A segment of the Fifth has been dispatched with us, the Bilgewater being one of them, two ships in all looking as though they may never be fit to fight again. The Argo, though, has a fifty-fifty chance. No one really notices at first, but at the high-pitched ring of three bells, the Catalina releases her cables as the Argo’s engines carry us down to the dock while we wait for a tow ship to haul us to maintenance.
With the Captain up front, I stand next to Lawrence and Camden on the quarterdeck as the Commander remains in the surgeon’s quarters. Lawrence stands to my right, a spot previously reserved for someone else – a handsome and ambitious young lad, my friend, one who had put himself in harm’s way more than he should have. That young man will never stand beside me again.
“CAST – LINES!” First Mate Jenkins calls, the Midshipmen relaying the orders as the crew toss line and chain. Others on the docks began to take notice as broken masts and sails of the Argo slowly creep along, casting long and dark shadows over person and building. The Argo isn’t the largest ship anchored at Avalon, but the most stark in comparison to any other.
Missing sails and tips of mast, broken lines and busted railing, and holes large enough to jump through are all mixed with closed gun port hatches. The Argo creaks and pops as the engines wind down, the deep hum beneath our boots fading to a standstill.
Adjacent from the Bilgewater, sporting massive holes and missing pieces to the right and just under her bow, the sight we make is one of quick and violent pain. Something somewhere got a hold of us and, whatever it was, is likely to still be out there.
With a light gimp in my step down the stairs to the main deck, I realize that hardly more than five words have been spoken between myself and anyone else these past couple days. After the ambush, which the fleet deemed as a result of our failed satellite experiment, the Captain promoted me to the brevet position Lieutenant Commander, though it only exists on paper as promotions remain on hold. 
‘Trial by fire’ is what he called it. ‘Battlefield promotion,’ is what the Admiral stated as he shook my hand aboard the flagship. There wasn’t any applause or fanfare, just a sullen and quick exchange of words with our losses still fresh on our minds. We are still over strength on the Argo by one Officer regardless of a Lieutenant Commander. Lawrence remains.
I couldn’t care less. Pending promotion or not, I’ve settled on what I have to do next. Down below, we gather our things as the Captain dismisses us for liberty while awaiting full repairs at Avalon. With my uniform hung in the armoire, I quickly slip on my pants and coat, a leather bag slung over my shoulder as my hair falls to the base of my neck. I’m not sticking around, not for another second.
“Lieutenant Commander, Sir!” a crewman from the signal shack calls out as I make my way across the deck, boot heels landing heavily with every step. Stopping and thanking the messenger, I take the folded paper and stuff it in my coat. One more look around for the Captain – nothing. 
Down the gangplank and through the busy crowd, I don’t turn to look as the Argo is slowly pulled away from the dock and is towed the maintenance bay. Save for holes, pieces, and a terrible conclusion to thirteen years – it has nothing to offer me. In the confines of the maintenance bay, they will offload the bodies in coffins draped in the Theranian flag. There will be a small ceremony and they’ll look for me, but I’m not worried in the least.
Just like the night I found the conscription letter and passport, I walk to somewhere no one is waiting for me, no one to care where I have been.
***
“Thank you,” I say as I take the ticket for a transport from Avalon to the Dalvak Space Station some days away. With bag over my shoulder, I tuck the tickets in my pocket and try to find a hotel to hang out until then. Being a little slow in my walk, I do my best to half-hobble through the busy port. With a planet nearby, the solar winds slip through the streets and narrow passages between buildings, no one takes notice of the longhaired man in a coat with bag in tow. I intend to keep it that way.
With the folded paper in my pocket, along with the freshly minted ticket, I continue walking, not exactly sure where I’m going.
Clay,
I couldn’t imagine anything could be so horrible from such a wonderful man as you. It wasn’t a difficult choice when I packed my bags and left this place behind. I’m writing you from the docks now, waiting for a transport to Ur’Tres. I’m so excited to see you in a few days that I can hardly sit, hardly think, hardly bring myself to imagine what starting over with you will be like.
I don’t care what may have happened or what may have occurred in the past. I want to be with you. I should have told you before, but a man came looking for you, asking questions if I knew you or where you came from. They didn’t get anything out of me. I denied ever meeting you. It hurt me to say it, but I knew it was a lie and you may have been in trouble. See – we both lie – we’re not so different.
As soon as I find somewhere to stay I will write you again, sending the message directly to the Argo. My nights away from you have been a slow hell. No one has made me feel or want someone the way you do.
I’ll be waiting for you. I’m yours, Clay, carry that with you until you return to me.
Lovingly,
Audrey
***
On a patio behind the bar, I sit amongst the other patrons who notice neither my entrance nor lingering. With the arrival of night, the lights of the Avalon Station come alive as the stars and distant clouds emerge from around the edge of the planet below.
As the Avalon Space Station slowly rotates around to the dark side of the planet, the flashing lights and burning glow of ships become our background in the not so far away distance. The little table vibrates as I take up the recharged beer to keep it from spilling. The dull vibration of a passing ship comes and goes, leaving our little patio garden largely undisturbed.
With my bag left in the room, I retained my coat and things, providing my room number to charge for the beers and to keep them coming. The first beer was just to pass the time. The second was to make Maury’s ghost stop following me around. The third got Maury’s voice out of my head, but I keep looking to the door, hoping he will walk through with that half-attentive look on his face and carrying a couple cold ones for the Commander and himself.
I don’t miss the Argo. I don’t miss the uniforms. I miss my friend, my brother. During the voyage to Avalon, we did our best to clean up the ship and repair as we went along. I avoided the gun deck, refusing to go down while Lawrence matured beyond his years and experience by handling the dirty work himself. The Captain didn’t command me, the Commander didn’t ask, so they just let me make the call as we were towed to the station.
The forward starboard guns failed, being forced back by the enemy’s blast as their rounds pulled up the rails from the deck and hurled two guns through the air – one of them landing, rolling, and crushing Maury. The previously damaged gun rails finally failed, as did I. The Admiral, Captain, and Commander said the blast was so bad that the rails wouldn’t have counted for anything anyways, but that’s not what the image in my mind keeps playing. Guns have been blasted from their ports and smashed through the opposite sides of ships before, so though it’s tragic, it’s nothing new.
‘Stop. Stop it.’ 
Sit up straight, have a drink, and watch for a ship. A check to the tickets in my pocket one more time as compare it to my watch – I still have a couple days, yet.
“Is this one taken?” a woman’s voice asks with her hand on the chair. Looking up, I watch as she fiddles with a purse slung over her shoulder before moving a strand of hair from her face.
“No,” I say dismissively, suddenly trying to be somewhat human. “Take it.”
“Thanks,” she says, dragging the chair to an empty table a short ways away. Meeting with her friends, she goes about her business and night, leaving me at the table with a nearly empty and lukewarm beer in hand.
‘Well,’ I tell myself, sliding the chair back with empty glass in hand. Without excusing myself, I slip past the crowd and stand in line at the bar. Looking around, I see others meeting with friends and spouses, friends or family, all of them seeming to be having a decent time.
“Excuse me,” her voice says again, standing in line behind me. I turn and give a half-attentive smirk as she peers around the line leading to the bar. “Is everything on tap?” she asks, a glance to my glass before returning it to the bar. “You didn’t happen to see if they had a wine rack did you?”
Her voice is soft like the curve of her high cheekbones, her hair dyed a light red as it falls straight to her shoulders. With a waistcoat over her white top, she is casually beautiful, a woman who appears comfortable in her skin. While looking about with metallic turquoise eyes giving off a very dim glow, it’s difficult not to feel relaxed with her near.
“I’m –” I begin, trying to remember. “I don’t think I saw a rack, really. You can come up to the bar with me if you like, give you some more time to find something.”
“Thanks,” she says with a smirk reserved for new acquaintances.
We wait our turn, making small and idle conversation as the time seemed to pass quickly. With a new beer in my hand, a glass of chilled white wine in hers, we slowly walk back to the garden patio.
“I’m glad you found what you wanted,” I say as a departing shot. It’s nice just to be in the fine woman’s company, even if only for a little while so my mind goes somewhere else.
“Same,” she gestures to my drink. “I guess.”
“Have a nice night, then. I don’t want to hold you from your friends.”
“Oh,” she replies, looking to the ladies with drinks in their hands, the two of them deep in their own conversation. “They’re fine. They can wait.” One of the other ladies gestures and makes a face at the red haired lass, her turquoise eyes smiling as they exchange inaudible words. She’s delightful.
I give an easy smirk, a tip of the glass, and slowly make away. With a glance to my leg as I take short steps, she moves a strand of hair from her face and gestures. “What happened?”
I turn and look, noticing her giving my leg a look. It takes a second, but eventually it comes out. “Accident,” I begin, giving my leg an easy tap and smiling it off. “Construction. I had a wall collapse a little early. Parts of it got me before I could get out from under it.”
“Oh,” she replies, her friends now noticing as their conversation has become stale. “I’m here. At the hotel,” she continues, briefly looking to her friends. They make a face and she returns it before looking back to me. A smile comes, then disappears. “With my friends, that is.” She gestures to the table. “Maybe hang out with us for a little while…umm…”
“Clayton,” I say honestly, a small smirk and look around the patio.
“Harper,” she replies. “Just…Harper.”
The charade continued with me making lavish stories about my construction background, she going on about being in the transportation business. The conversation seemed structured and rigid, like the two of us had to convince the other who we are. By this time, her friends had become scarce, she nor they indicating where they went or when they would return. To be honest, Harper and I barely seemed to notice.
The wine made her relax. The conversation put me at ease. The night and honest smile accentuating her metallic eyes and light red hair made her absolutely beautiful. The jokes she told were terrible, but the way she laughed at the punch lines was great. Harper was, in a word, captivating.
She seemed to be a wonderful addition to what started out as a not-so-great night. The way the lights made the edges of her hair glow a dim red-orange highlighted her easy personality, slowly pulling me in deeper with every passing minute. As the darkness settled in around us, the dim glow of her turquoise eyes was that much more noticeable.
“We’re not very much alike – the two of us,” Harper lets on, her voice going from relaxed to inquisitive.
“No,” I lead on, taking the bait. She looks to my face, then away, a hand on her chin as she rests her arm on the table.
‘Ask the question,’ I telepathically send her way.
“You’re human,” she says right off the bat. Wow – I thought she would have led me into that one a little bit easier, but when time is precious…
“Very much so,” I say while leaning back in the chair with a knowing smirk. A scratch to my cheek, I glance her way as she looks into my eyes. “I take it you’re very much not.”
Harper shakes her head gently, a little grin to one side of her mouth as she taps beside her eye. It’s hard not to give out a little laugh, which she reciprocates either from the gesture or the wine, but it’s charming either way.
“Tulverian,” she admits without changing her posture. Maybe she’s testing me, but I sit with arms folded and act like I have to think about it, then just shake my head with a short shrug. “It doesn’t bother you?”
“No. Of course not.”
“Hmm,” she barely lets out, taking a deep breath, looking away as if something actually catches her eye. Her soft expression hasn’t changed.
I forgot about everything. I dismissed what concerned me before. I just want everything to do with this beautiful woman. She doesn’t ask about connections and neither do I, both of us seeming to hope there are none. She orders me another drink, and I her, the two of us doing our best to make time stand still under the distant stars and ships slowly passing overhead. There’s nothing sordid or malign about us sitting there. This moment on the patio is, in a word, wonderful.
“I’m sure you have to go,” she says, gathering up her things beside the empty wine glass. I shrug, sitting back in the chair and watching her straight hair flow this way or that before she gives it a dismissive toss.
“I do, but,” I begin, hands on my head and looking out to the sky. “Not far.” Harper points to the hotel behind us as she looks to me. I give a dismissive look. “Go,” I tell her, “don’t hang around just because I am.”
“No,” she says as she retrieves a device from her purse, tapping away as the glow highlights her face. “It’s fine, I just…” she continues, rapidly tapping away before putting it back in her bag. “I’m good. I’m…fine.” Harper relaxes, though doesn’t order another glass of wine.
Finishing my beer, I set it down as we keep up the small talk. “Your friends will be worried.” She needs a means to escape and I’m doing my best to give her that chance.
Harper looks around the patio, but doesn’t seem concerned. “They’re fine. They aren’t waiting for me anymore.” She fidgets where she stands and I do my best to think of an excuse to leave, but I’ve got nothing at this point.
Pointing to the lounge in the hotel, I give a small smirk. “The lounge is great,” I say as she turns to look. “Probably more comfortable than these small tables.”
“Yeah,” Harper replies with a self-contained grin. “I’m sure.”
The lounge is great and all, not that we saw it for more than five minutes or so. I complained of being tired. She told me she had a suite. I told her it’s probably nicer than my place. She was sure it is. I agreed…so we took a look.
Harper’s suite is much nicer than my set up. Hers, thankfully, comes with a beautiful red haired woman with electric eyes that say more than words as she allows me to pull her close for a simple, small kiss just to see where I am. Harper shows me, it appears, that I’m exactly where I need to be. Even with hardly any lighting, I can make out the slender curve of her skin from cheek to shoulder. I don’t need the light to take in the soft touch of her perfume.
With every kiss to her cheek, her eyes remain closed, her face emotionless, allowing me the time to feel the nearness of her. A hand through her smooth, straight hair, I tuck it behind her ear and she turns her head, allowing me the space to admire the beauty of her. As I come closer, she pulls me in even more so. She has a sense of closeness that hasn’t been satisfied.
There is no desperate tugging and pulling of clothes, no awkward stumbling or fumbling between us to some couch our bed. There is just a quiet acceptance between us. Don’t rush. Don’t be aggressive. Don’t ask for permission. Just follow my lead.
Her hands in mine, I take the time to feel the softness of her fingers against my lips. No matter where they touch, the result is very much the same. Soft and tender, inviting and wanting, Harper’s emotions express themselves in the way she gives in to my exploration of her body.
Gently wrap her arms around my neck – no problem. Step closer and allow me to run my fingers along the back of her shirt – of course.
With our lips close to one another, the darkness inviting us to more than this mere play we have been torturing ourselves with, I can feel her on the verge of needing something. Her leg touches and gently wraps around mine before she runs her hands under my coat and touches her chin to my shoulder.
“…Clayton…” she whispers, her voice slipping into me like a sort of confession, asking and telling me in the same breath. Her hands go flat against the back of my shirt, holding and hugging at the same time, pulling me closer to her as the darkness of the room continues to quiet so we can clearly hear one another’s emotions.
Small kisses to her ear and cheek, eventually they lead to her lips as we hold the warmth and welcoming between us. Her soft breathing isn’t the most stable, though the nervous anxiety of newness is expected. A touch to her chin as we repeat the slow process, she touches her nose to mine while opening her eyes, the metallic turquoise glowing just barely brighter in the darkness than before.
A quick smile flashes on her face before disappearing. Sliding her hands up my back, I let the coat fall to the floor while she leads us to the couch by a window overlooking the station. There’s not much to say as she sets me down and gently settles in my lap. A little more deliberate on both our parts, shirts land here or there as we resume our introductions. She allows my lips to travel from cheek to neck, shoulder to the top of her chest before her hands run through my hair. Easing my head back, she slowly forces us against the couch and steals kisses as a compulsion.
With my hands on her back, she gives a short screech and complains that my hands are cold. I smile and apologize, kissing her lips as splayed fingers warm against her skin. Harper retains a smile during our kiss, her thin lips showing small hints of white teeth before my hands warm. She wraps her arms around me, pulling herself close, my face resting on her chest.
Working the clasp apart, she lowers her shoulders and allows me space to give the garment a toss, Harper continuing to press herself against me. Gently we roll, her legs parting to allow me closer, the two of us working on stubborn buttons as I take my time kissing every inch of perfume on her neck and shoulder.
In terms of intent, we are both agreeable. In terms of structural composition, we’re not as much so. Sliding her hand over my shoulder and down my chest, she acknowledges this difference with a firm grasp, a smile coming to my face as it spreads to her.
“Harper,” I say calmly as she gives special attention before soft kisses touch my cheek.
“Yes,” she answers with a smile, resuming her kisses.
“I want to,” I begin, not sure how to go about this. “How…what can I do?”
“Relax,” she whispers, myself settling beside her as she continues her previous occupation. Her eyes look into mine, the metallic turquoise glowing enough to give light to the pillow beside me. As if by force, I can’t stop looking into her eyes. “Come here,” she whispers gently, her nose and forehead touching mine. “Close your eyes.”
I do as instructed, feeling selfish for not having yet returned any of her enthusiasm.
Slowly, my vision turns from the dark of closed eyes to a dim gray light. My senses seem to thin, my body feeling a state of numbness save for where our skin touches. Impossible to open my eyes, the gray turns from deep blue to turquoise in a fog of shifting color. Harper lets out a breath and it echoes in my mind, the sound of her breathing increasing slightly. She wraps her leg around me, myself reaching for her hips though I’m not sure I have a hold on her.
The cloud in my mind shifts from green to violet, purple to red as Harper kisses my lips, our faces still touching, the smile on her face sending a sensation through my body. It’s like catching myself just before I fall, like a burst of hot air after being cold for too long. Whatever the sensation, I can feel Harper flowing into me, the response of my body seeming to edge closer to her in this back and forth wave of total immersion.
Harper takes a deep breath and holds it, her brow narrowing as she retains her hold on me. The fog goes from red to pink before settling to white and gray. Opening my eyes, Harper is on top of me, her face one of satisfaction as her eyes glow a light blue. Holding a firm and warm kiss on my lips, she shifts to my neck, my collarbone, my chest, my stomach. Feeling my senses return, Harper continues until a thin jolt runs up my spine, my hands in her hair as she diligently returns the favor. I lay back and remain, allowing her emotion to take over. She’s calm and giving, welcoming and determined as she continues, I do my best to remain calm. Harper does her best, however, to ensure I never do.
***
The smell of coffee is the first thing that brings me back. Opening my eyes, an empty spot on the bed with tossed sheets next to me, it takes a moment to remember just where I am. There are no more images or sounds of the night skies and galaxies, tall masts and sails, or voices of those who used to be.
On her pillow is a device which silently lights up momentarily with a message of some sort across the screen. Behind the words is a picture of her crouching next to a smiling little boy. That – and a man doing the same next to them. The image remains before it disappears, returning to a dark screen.
Standing in the kitchen with shorts, long legs, and straight red hair, Harper goes about what occupies her. She’s an early riser, even earlier than myself as the distant sun has only barely begun to rise around the Avalon.
Rising to my feet and slipping on my pants, I slowly make my way to her, sleepily resting my hands on her hips as she remains turned toward the counter. Harper leans back into me, allowing her weight and head to rest against my neck.
“Good morning, gorgeous,” I tell her, felling her hands reach for mine as my arms wrap around her, leading my hands up along her stomach. A small sound comes from her as I lean down and gently kiss her neck and shoulder. Harper has been in a welcoming, wanting, and giving mood since we met. This is all part of the newness from two strangers coming together. The way she gently turns her head and kisses my cheek as my lips explore her bare shoulder – these are pent up motions and emotions she has had for some time, seemingly only able to be given to a complete stranger.
“Morning, handsome.”
We stand there, both of us waking up and allowing the moment to stand by itself. After making a couple cups of coffee and refilling them, we are finally coherent enough to seem like living beings.
Harper returns to the bed and sits with her back against the headboard, coffee guarded by two hands as her legs drape over me. Laying on the bed, I trail my hands along her legs from thigh to foot, she allowing me to move her legs here or there as I see fit.
“…You’ll go back to what you do,” I tell her as our conversation continues.
“Yeah,” Harper replies, looking me over from the chest up. “As will you – Sailor boy.” It takes me a second, but I stop my hands from roaming and turn my head to her with lightly leering eyes. With a drink of coffee and a smirk, she nudges me with her leg. “Don’t deny it. You’re on some vessel. I can tell.”
“So you’re some sort of psychoanalyst?” I begin, trailing my fingers up her stomach, Harper smacking them away before they reach their target.
“An analyst of sorts. Yes,” she continues, allowing me to rub her foot resting on my chest. She drinks and watches out the window as a random ship flies in the distant morning. “I just transcribe and sort. That kind of thing. Nothing glamorous. But you,” she continues, reaching out a hand and running it through my hair.
“Sailor,” I confess. “A transport ship called Embargo. We head back tomorrow.”
Harper goes quiet and drinks, analyzing me, I assume. Running her hand along my hair and to my forehead, I suddenly feel calm and relaxed, the light of the room turning to a dim blue that overwhelms my senses. It almost feels like I’m about to fall asleep as the color turns a deep sea green. Suddenly coming my senses, I shake her hand off and give a half startled look to Harper. Her grin turns to a chuckling laugh.
“Hey!” I jest, giving her arm a smack to swat her away. I sit up in the bed as she continues her own amusement, giving soft and long kisses to her face until a calmness comes over her. With her eyes closed, her lips turning to an honest smirk, she lets out a charmed sound as I cease my slow attack. “How does that work?” I ask, sliding next to her as she wraps her leg over mine. “Do you see the colors, too?”
Harper shakes her head gently, softly touching her forehead to mine. “No,” she begins, allowing her hand to trail down my shoulder. “I see you.” It takes me a minute, but I just watch her face as she explains, her turquoise eyes barely a noticeable glow beside her smooth, straight hair. “I sense your emotion. Don’t worry – it’s not like looking into your soul or anything – it’s more like hearing what you feel.”
A small smirk persists on my face. I don’t understand, but she doesn’t seem disturbed by whatever she saw. “I’d imagine,” I gesture between us, “that if we were the same then we would share some sort of image?”
Harper tilts her head side to side. “Somewhat. Something like that.” She’s still looking into my eyes, shifting between one or the other. Her face is sullen and relaxed as she reaches for my cheek. “My Sailor boy,” she quietly says.
I let her hand rest on my cheek as I can feel her pull me closer though neither of us move. “I saw the ship,” she continues. I figured something of the sort had to come about it, though why I would think of the Argo at a time like that is beyond me. “Coming from Tulvera when the fleet came to port. I got some of the reports and I’m assuming…” Harper trails off, “…that was you.”
Sitting up in bed, I lean back against the headboard next to her. Harper turns and rests her chin on my shoulder, slowly sliding herself closer. I watch the wall and think, trying to suppress any thoughts of the Argo and focus on her.
“I’m a systems analyst here at the port. I’ve been doing it for years and, unfortunately, your story isn’t new.” It’s quiet as she finishes her coffee, tapping her finger on my now empty cup.
‘Years,’ I say to myself. ‘That’s about right.’ Harper turns my head for a slow kiss, doing her best to pull me back to reality.
“You likely survived from being in the wedge,” Harper continues as she wraps her arms around my waist, reddish hair falling over my chest. “I guess that’s what you and your ship aim for – being so much smaller and all.”
“The wedge,” I echo, kissing her head before looking to her.
“Between the Scavengers. Their scotoma when they fly together.” Harper sits up and looks at me as if I’m supposed to fill in the gaps. For the first time, an awkward glance passes between us. Harper doesn’t look away from me as the realization hits her. “Oh my God.”
Harper straddles my lap as she draws lines on a notepad while I drink newly charged coffee, trailing my fingers up her shirt every once and awhile. She smiles and smacks my hand away, but she’s serious as to whatever she’s doing.
“Scavengers fly in two’s, right?” Harper says as she finishes her sketch of lines and circles.
“At least. We do the same, usually.”
“Yeah but for safety. Scavengers don’t think that way. I’ll bet that most of the time when you encounter just one it’s a pretty quick fight.”
“Right,” I contend as she turns the sketch my way. “But we were good at what we did.”
“We don’t think Scavengers can see what’s immediately in front of them. Physically, that is. They travel in pairs, one acting as eyes for the other though one is still blind out front. That’s why when they fire from the front of their ships it’s so sporadic. They never build their most powerful weapons on the bow of their ship, right?”
The lines on the page are circles and dashes, cones and intersections. It’s all very interesting, causing me to grin a little. A look to her face and I know she’s serious as she tucks away a strand of hair. “And this miraculous discovery isn’t known by everyone because?”
Harper shrugs and makes a goofy face. “Irrational? I can’t prove it for sure, but everything I read and see seems to make it true. The rearward ships fire shots –”
“And are the most dangerous.” She lets me think on it a minute.
“What about when fighting an isolated Scavenger and it tries to get away, with its bow pulling up and away?”
“It can’t aim for shit,” I fill in.
“It’s like a series of angled mirrors,” Harper continues as her smile spreads to me. I can’t help but chuckle as the dots connect in my head. “They can use sonar when they fly along, but in the middle of a fight?” Harper asks with hands sarcastically raising the question.
“It’s overwhelming. They can’t see,” I answer.
“Maybe…”
The steam from the water flows up and out from the curtain, the warmth soaking into my soul as it runs over my head. With hands over my face, I run my hands back and wring the excess from my hair. Slowly and gently, Harper slides her hands from my stomach to my chest as she presses her body against me from behind.
“You said you were good at what you did,” she says with a kiss to my shoulder, her lips resting close to my ear. I put my hands on top of hers, feeling her fingers gently rub.
“Do what, now?”
“You said earlier that you were good at what you did when we talked earlier. Are you done with it, then? You’re not going back?” The sound of water and steam pass around us as Harper rests her cheek on my skin. Feeling her there, I run my fingers over and through hers as she holds on.
“No,” I tell her, feeling my heart rate increase before she places small kisses on my shoulder and neck.
“I’m leaving,” she confesses, continuing her hold on me as she pulls herself even closer. “Tomorrow, in fact. I can’t go back to where I was. I was leaving even before I met you.”
“And your friends? Your life back here?”
“They’ll just have to deal,” she quickly answers. She’s given this some thought, for sure, but her voice sounds uneasy. “I want you to come with me. We’ll go together at first light. There’s this amazing planet I know not far in the Monvera galaxy. It’s a wonderful place to start over and it’s beautiful. I haven’t been there since I was in school, but I’m sure it’s just the same.”
Turning to her in the shower, watching the water rest on her cheek and nose, I lean in for another kiss which she willingly accepts. Her taste is warm water and forgiveness, like she’s trying to convince me of something. It goes on like this for some time as the water passes over us, filling the room with hot and dense steam.
Harper is swooning. I’m falling. Where was this woman years ago, before she met the man in the picture?
“Ok,” I assure her. “We’ll go.”
That night is much a repeat as the one before. Two strangers turned lovers by the sheer drive of needing to be with someone else even if only for a little while. The rushing sensation of newness is still prominent as she approaches me, like there’s still some timidy about what I might do when her hands touch me.
Harper doesn’t resist as I tug her shirt up, allowing slow moments of time to pass as red hair falls on her shoulder before the garment is tossed somewhere in the corner. I don’t have to pull her close – she’s already allowing herself to narrow the distance, taking me captive in this place and, without words, telling me I’m not permitted more than five feet from her for the remainder of the night.
Soft kisses to her cheek and neck, smooth fingers along her back and thigh, she has a way of letting me breathe her in. Harper isn’t eager, though she knows her motives in the end will be completely self-serving. Still, her hands continue to explore where they have not known before as she allows my selfish hold on her to come and go.
The small lights in the suite remain in her hair, the ends of which give a shallow glow around her silhouette as this damned image will be trapped in my mind for years to come – haunting me, myself carrying around the ghost of her memory wherever I go. Leaning me back on the bed, she rolls with me as I ease her against the blankets and pillows.
“Tell me you love me,” she whispers with eyes closed, her legs taking a stranglehold around my waist, her fingers lacing through my hair.
“I love you, Harper,” I tell her softly with kisses to her cheek and jaw line, my hands cupping her face and softness of her body. “So much.” It isn’t true, we both know it, but she seems to need to hear the words to satisfy some deep level of fulfillment, like something is missing.
“Tell me who’s mine,” she continues.
Things go on like this for a little, myself telling her what she needs to hear as the dull senses of her touch begin to creep into my mind. Like waking up in the middle of a dream, the power of her touch comes and goes as I can feel herself holding back from whatever she needs. Giving into my touch, she allows me to move her body here or there, accepting my lips wherever they go.
Harper accepts whatever I give her – selfish hands, soft words, uncommitted confessions – all of these things two lovers are willing to surrender in the middle of the night.
With her long legs draped across the bed and out of the sheets, it’s difficult to watch her lay asleep, her red hair cast across the pillow. Her legs are no longer locked across mine, her arm not claiming me for herself, I have to force myself to stop taking her in.
Gently pulling the door shut, the handle makes an inaudible click as Harper remains there in the dark – without me. She won’t realize it for some time now, so as my footsteps are the only sounds in this place so early in the morning, I tell myself to keep walking and not look back. Out of the foyer and into the night, I walk with a hand in my pocket, feeling tickets folded over the letters of a woman I have not seen in so long. She’s out there, waiting for someone who will never show.
***
The next morning isn’t anything spectacular. In fact, the light doesn’t seem nearly as bright as I thought it would. For some reason, I thought there would be a calling or message in the distant sun as it slips across the Avalon Space Port, but there never is. It just rises like any other day without a sign, without a message, and without any future for me. I could have told myself that this was just the wrong place and that tomorrow would exist somewhere else, somewhere better. I thought of Ur’Tres Minor and the woman who left her home for a man of empty promises, but for some reason even that doesn’t seem to be the solution.
Below the port and in the distance are planets of a system I don’t think to learn. A ship’s engines whine down from overhead as it makes its slow approach to an open slip. Other massive ships are anchored nearby, the light of a distant star casting shadows this way and that. Walking along, I continue until a flash catches my eye – a bright blue and white – flickering quickly from a large enclosed building next to the docks.
Closer now, I walk with hands in pockets as the large building comes into view. A massive bay door, large enough for any ship I have ever seen, remains open as workers come and go with echoes of bangs, grinds, and shouts sounding together. Blinding flickers of blue and white continue as the welders do their jobs, others doing so all over the ship, with hot orange sparks falling like stardust while the workers grind away. 
It’s unmistakable – the Argo – undergoing immediate repairs as the windows of the Captain’s cabin protrude from the bay, the four letters of the ship’s name largely visible from the back.
Against my own volition, I stop and lean on a railing, watching and listening as they work tirelessly on the beaten hulk, almost difficult to see her in a state such as this.
“She should be anchored to the docks and out of the bay here in a couple days,” a familiar voice casually remarks as he walks closer – Camden – still wearing the uniform as he grips papers and notebooks under his arm. A short glance between the two of us, a small smile to stay friendly, I really didn’t think any of our guys would be down here. “And here in a couple days,” he continues, taking up a spot on the rail next to me, “I don’t know if I can say the same for you.” He leaves it at that, not hiding any thoughts. Bastard. It’s the nature of his business, I suppose.
“It’s a shame it had to come to this,” I remark, gesturing my head toward the sparks and flames. Camden nods as his tall bicorn points toward the ship, his heavy boot on the railing as he leans forward.
“It is.” Flipping through a couple papers, he keeps looking out toward the bay. “We’re looking for someone,” he continues, glancing my way as I avoid eye contact. “About yea high, good man, deep voice, strong to boot. Not very handsome, though, and not worth a damn at chess.” That one gets a small chuckle from me. “Have you seen him? Any idea where that man is?”
I shake my head a couple times and run a hand through my hair. “No,” I plainly state, my expression heavy as I watch a few final sparks burn out on the dock. “No.”
“Ahh,” Camden replies on cue, standing straight and pulling his coat taught. “Well then, as you are completely useless,” he says with a tiny smirk. “If you do see such a man – tell him we’re scheduled for embarkation in, say, seventy two hours. He’s a good man. Bravest I’ve ever seen.” I don’t egg him on, just let him say his peace before he turns on his heel, heavy boots echoing off the ground. “I hear there’s a promotion in order, as well,” Camden shouts while walking away without looking over his shoulder. “Congratulations.”
The grinding resumes as do the flashes of white and blue, the sounds of bells and whistles coming from a short distance away. For some reason after Camden left, the sounds of the port have become louder, a ship slowly floating to a slip catching my attention. Looking to the name on the back of the ship in the maintenance bay, I have to give it another moment. It’s true – it is difficult to see her this way.
Chapter 14
Fifth Fleet Patrol – En Route to the Portal Crossing Point into the Tulvera Quadrant
“Message!” Leftenant Emmet Camden calls out, holding the folded paper up as a crewman snatches it and makes his way along the busy deck of the Argo. Tethered to the dock, the naked masts mark her location amid a few of the other Fifth Fleet ships preparing to set sail from the Avalon Space Port.
“Sir,” the crewman offers Commander Hudson as he acknowledges the salute. With a score of other papers in hand already, Commander Hudson gives the deck and his pocket watch one more glance before cursing under his breath to find the Captain.
The engines begin to warm up as the gangplanks are pulled from the sides of the Argo. Ships slowly taxi overhead, casting a long shadow of their massive hulls as they prepare to lead the detachment back to the main body of the Fighting Fifth.
Up on the quarterdeck, the Captain takes the folded paper with a heavy exhale, the day’s activities and preparations beginning to wear on him. They are already six hours behind, but as badly as the Argo was damaged, he does his best to accept the situation. Holding out the paper, Captain Decatur gets through it quickly –
Charles,
When you rejoin the fleet, I want you in the center right wing. As much as I need you to serve as our guard, I can only imagine the climate amidst your crew right now. If we get into action, you make the call when and how to strike. I won’t order you into something you’re not ready for.
Your last attack by the Hinn, we suspect, was a desperate attempt to throw our fleet off their trail. We fought back another pocket of resistance since you have been anchored, but all we seemed to have done is force them to quickly reorganize. The attack on you was hasty and I expect more of the same.
Ultimately, we believe we have found the ends of the Hinn fleet based on their lines of retreat. From on the intelligence we have gathered, the Hinn appear to be more vulnerable than ever to a well placed strike – which I intend to do.
You and your crew are brave men, Charles. Some of the finest I’ve ever seen.
Don’t Give Up The Ship,
Edward Reid, Commanding
There’s no time to rally the Gentlemen and plan any courses of action. The crew are already lining the rails and preparing to cast lines. As the other Officers gather on the quarterdeck while buttoning coats and adjusting hats, the Captain takes up the center position by the helmsman as the First Mate gives the call.
Engines humming underneath, the crew working high on the mast with sails furled, the bell echoes three slow tones for the Captain as the Argo slowly pulls forward from the dock. Men in the shrouds, guns stored below, the ships of the Fifth beginning to turn out and lead the detachment back to the fleet, everyone knowing what they are getting back into.
Commander Hudson gives the call to pick up speed as the sails are unfurled and fall with a heavy roll. The bell tolls, the Bosun blows the high pitched whistle of All Hands, and the radio from the bridge crackles loudly as the tower wishes them good luck and God Speed. Commander Decatur passes the message to the Commander, allowing him to read it before he in turn passes it to Emmet who makes a grimacing face before smacking the letter on my chest.
“Out of the frying pan,” Emmet says coolly.
“And into the fire,” I finish before reading a single word. Giving the note a quick glance, the point is clear – we’re going back in. Note in hand, I turn and watch the port quickly reduce from a small city to a bright dot in the distance. Lawrence notices, quietly waiting and thinking, hands behind his back as he wants to say something but isn’t sure where to start.
“Something the matter, Sir?” Midshipman Liam Hedwick asks me as he stands next to Lawrence, having accepted a brevet promotion to fill for the loss of Maury. I hold nothing against the lad, no more than nineteen. He’s an aspiring, intuitive, and ambitious young man. He’ll do well taking charge of the top deck in Maury’s stead.
“Nothing’s wrong,” I reply with a fake smirk, handing the letter to Lawrence as he goes over it himself. “We’re counting on you – young Gentleman Acting Ensign Hedwick,” I chide him, a small smile coming across his face before concealing it as best he can.
“Aye, Sir,” Hedwick over-emphatically offers as he salutes, turns, and is on his way.
“Good man,” I offer as the young lad trods off. He’s wearing the black tricorn of the Ensign and – for a moment – I wanted to call out to my friend and tell him to be careful.
“Clay,” Lawrence calmly says, breaking my lost train of thought. Suddenly the sounds of men and ship return to me as though they had been in some other distant universe.
“Hey,” I instinctively reply, looking to Lawrence as I regain some level of steeled reserve. “Right.”
“Port battery, then.” He keeps me on track, the Commander doing the same when passing with a ‘Gentlemen.’ “I’ll get with Master Gunner Truxton here shortly,” Lawrence says as we make our way down from the quarterdeck stairs to head below. “I’ve got a file for you regarding the starboard, bow, and stern guns as you retain their authority.” Lawrence doesn’t mention the complete overhaul of the forward most starboard gun rails. It isn’t necessary and, in fact, if he had, it may not have been received very well.
After a series of checks on the guns, myself getting the feel of my boots under me again, I do my best to stay focused and not keep looking to the front hold of the gun deck. Coats buttoned and hats on straight, the radio echoing in the background, Lawrence and I set to our tasks and go over the charts one more time.
Engraved on three of the new forward starboard guns are the words ‘Maury’s Boys’ in elegant prose. It’s all their doing, needing a way to memorialize our young lad and friend.
Lawrence is really taking to the position well, I have to admit, seeming as though the last engagement woke something up from within him. He’s more confident and direct in his demeanor. I couldn’t remember if I were the same way after my first engagement, though I should like to think so. The only person who would be able to tell me for sure, though, isn’t here to do so.
“Right,” Lawrence concludes as we stand together in the middle of the deck while observing the men standing idle by their guns. The Argo shifts this way a little, causing us to hold on to whatever is close, the two of us eyeing each other with the usual annoyance. “As acting Lieutenant Commander –”
“Just a Leftenant,” I interrupt. “Like you.”
“As Leftenant’s,” Lawrence corrects without missing a beat, “I’ll just watch the port battery. Depending on where I’m at – order the bow or stern when necessary?”
“Right,” I concur. “Make the call. No need to check with me.” I keep looking around, a deep breath through the nose before letting it out. I can feel Lawrence continue to look at me. Some of the men take notice of our conversation, exchanging glances to be polite and pretend they don’t hear.
“We’ll do this together, then. Don’t worry, Clay. I’ll do what’s best by the boys.”
A feigned huff and tap on his shoulder, I give him a half smirk. “I know you will, Lawrence.”
“Captain favors the bow guns first. Maybe I’ll get the port battery off first, soften them up for you a bit, eh?”
“I hate that first battery fire,” I tell him with arms folded, looking along the deck at the line of cables, beams, and ends of rails along the deck. “Eager to make your mark?” I prod.
“I can’t go back yet,” Lawrence says fiddling with his cuffs, adjusting the sword under his coat. “This next fight, though – and there will be another one soon – this one’s mine. I can’t keep letting you soak up all the glory,” Lawrence jests, doing his best to keep the homage light with a smirk and lighthearted nature.
“There will be another,” I agree. “We’ll see if the Captain keeps us a little further out from the pain, though. He has an itchy finger when it comes to closing with the enemy.”
“That he does, Sir,” Master Truxton injects as he passes by with a ‘Gentlemen’ and a tap on the back from myself as he goes about his duties.
“If things go bad up on deck,” Lawrence continues, catching my attention. “I’ll go up.” I agree with him, knowing the man is just trying to let me know whose experience on the guns counts the most. “I can’t go back, Clay. Not as I am now.” He’s serious. I can hear that determined sound in his voice. It’s either the deuce or victory – Lawrence is fully sold on the notion of the war hero.
“You won’t,” I offer. “By the time this is all over you’ll be a hero back home. Medals from here to here,” I say with a finger trailing across his chest. “They’ll hang one, big damn medallion from your neck and you’ll have to wear it every time we go to meet the Admiral.”
“I’ll still be the guy who tutored under the great and affable Clayton Wade,” Lawrence concludes. “I can feel it. We’ll have a great victory like the ones the boys tell me about since you’ve been here. I just need one, Clay, just one…”
We leave it at that as we are summoned up top by the Commander. The Officers arraigned on the quarterdeck, Lawrence stands next to Midshipman Hedwick, a scene that seemed a bit like an of an out of body experience, no one seeming to notice but myself.
We will be linking up with the Fifth soon before heading back into the Tulvera Quadrant. As directed, we’ll remain on the right wing, centered in the formation until summoned or Captain Decatur seizes the initiative. After some finer details and confirmations on our duties, the Commander assures us the next fight will be hell, but we will emerge victorious. The forward most sails fill and press the Argo further into the darkness, heralding us to the edge of the enemy.
Commander Hudson asks if we are ready to fight – which we are.
A few final words before being sent about our duties, he dispatches us to our posts before his signature send off.
“Gentlemen.”
Promotion Reception of Admiral Helcros; Admiralty Estate – Planet Thera
Cobbling along a gravel road to the great estate, the horses pull the carriage along a row of visitors attending the festivities after Admiral Helcros’ promotion earlier that afternoon. The night fully settling in, lampposts burn to illuminate coachmen and carriages having stopped near the stoop. Military and civilian, Sailors and wives, statesmen and the like – they all turned out for one of Thera’s greatest traditions.
Rolling to a full stop, the footman steps from the stairs leading to the estate and promptly opens the carriage door with a ‘Sir’ though he doesn’t know if the man presumes that distinction. He steps out with long coat and proper attire more suited for the office than a ball, a file of papers and things in his hand as he gives a silent acknowledgement to the footman.
A ‘Hyp!’ and away with the carriage as the next one arrives, the man weaves past the guests with a half agreeable smile out of politeness to the mass of people and profession he doesn’t fully understand. Amidst the blue and red coats topped with epaulettes and gold trim, some tall bicorn hats topped with frill, occasional swords and buttons – he is entirely out of place, save for the fact that he’s very familiar with their livelihood.
“Captain, Ensign,” he correctly states as he passes by others just hardly faster than they, walking between tall white pillars and through the open doors. With strings echoing through the halls, mangled amidst the growing chatter which could make it hard to hear from a few feet away, he makes no attempts to stop and chat, not much less take in the surroundings. Making a hard left just past the guest of honor, he finds his intended target as his heels make flat thuds along the floor, hand clutching the file tighter as he nears.
“Judge VanAntwerp, Sir,” the man says in the middle of the judge’s conversation. Standing with a recognizable degree of politeness, the man remains with the folder behind his back and lips tightly pressed, not to be ignored or put off. The judge’s guests stop, looking to the man as the judge turns. “Stephen Winslow, Sir. Thera Defense Ministry Office of Investigations.”
“Of course,” the judge begins as a light exhale leaves him, just thrilled to be discussing some matter of work tonight. Looking to the man’s face, he makes no expression of enthusiasm. “What can I do for you, Mr. Winslow?”
“I wanted your permission to take a trip to…find one of your cases and bring them back for an expedited trial.” Judge VanAntwerp doesn’t comment, doesn’t move his gaze as the music and conversation continues around them. “I do believe I have enough to not only prosecute but prove culpability for a crime not just against the Admiralty but also our Defense Ministry. Knowing that actively pursuing an open case limits your current case docket, which I’m sure you don’t have much more room for –”
“No, I do not.”
“Yes, Sir. Knowing that – I can assure you this will be a quick turn. I do hate to pester you on a night like this, but my window may be narrow on this one. Sir.”
Judge VanAntwerp’s guests murmur, asking if they should excuse the two of them as the judge gives a frustrated smile, returning his attention to Investigator Winslow after they had departed. “Well, Mr. Winslow,” he lets out with a huff, “…let’s hear it.”
“He was aboard the Argo,” Investigator Winslow continues as the two men sit at a small table. Removing some papers from the folder, he does his best to be brief and make a quick escape. “I spoke to him on two occasions, but unfortunately I didn’t have what I needed on the spot to confirm what he had said. I’ve even spoken to someone he met previously who moved to the Ur’Tres Minor Space Port as the Argo was on mission with the newly formed Fifth Fleet sailing near the Tulvera.”
“It seems you had enough to pull Mr…Austin Mulvaney…when you first saw him. I don’t see the need for having continued without apprehending him,” the judge says as he slowly trolls over the papers one by one.
“I…wasn’t entirely sure, Sir. He said something which I felt I should have confirmed first. When he left my company the second time, I told him that his father must be very proud of him. The suspected Mulvaney – here still Mr. Wade – just grinned at me, turning away without a word.”
“And?” Judge VanAntwerp leads on.
“Clayton Wade’s father has been dead for some time now, Sir,” Winslow assures. “He didn’t try to correct my mention of his father in the present tense. There’s more, Sir.” Handing over another paper, the judge does his best to keep up as he notices other guests walking by with drinks in their hands. “We met a woman named Audrey as witnesses say they saw the acting Leftenant Wade with her the evening of Admiral Reid’s reception previously. She denied ever meeting him, but around her neck was the button of a Naval Officer’s coat fashioned as a necklace. I thought –”
“I’m sure,” Judge VanAntwerp begins as he sets the papers down and rises, “that Mr. Wade, or Mulvaney, is your man, Mr. Winslow. Now,” he continues as Winslow rises to his feet without feeling the need to stand straight or pull his suit top taught. “Pursue the case. Please inform my staff tomorrow morning when the offices open.”
“I already dropped off the paperwork this afternoon, Sir,” Winslow states as he gathers the papers, the judge looking on. “Just in case tonight went as intended.”
“As intended,” the judge echoes, causing Winslow to stop his movement and look to him. “A little deceitful don’t you think, Mr. Winslow?”
“Anticipatory at most, Sir. The deceit we’re talking here is Mulvaney. I hope we’re not mixing the actions of one for another.”
“What exactly do you expect the sticking charge to be, Mr. Winslow?” the judge asks as he takes up a drink from a passing footman. “What are you recommending?”
“Grand Larceny, Sir. Theft. Dishonor. Actions Unbecoming an Officer and a Gentleman. And if I can prove it, Sir, which I may be able – accomplice to the murder of Clayton Wade. I have a little over four months until his court martial, should he not take a plea bargain.”
“He has a court martial date already set?” the judge asks with an air of surprise.
“Yes, Sir. I set it up a little over a month ago – approved by Admiral Halveston.”
“Without my knowledge? A case under my office? Not even a note from you before tonight?” Judge VanAntwerp holds his glass mid distance to his lips, looking at Winslow in the eye with a degree shy of irritated.
“Sir – I…” Winslow begins, “thought it prudent as you were off planet for more than two months. I had a hot case.”
“God, man,” the judge huffs as he takes a drink with a light shake of his head. “If you don’t return in three months with the man in custody, don’t ever mention this to me again,” he orders in a stern voice.
“Sir,” Investigator Winslow capitulates. “Of course. Much sooner than that, I assure you,” he says with a grinning smirk and light bow before he turns away with a stern face, making his way to the door from which he came.
Chapter 15
Fifth Fleet Patrol – Nearing Portal Passage into the Tulvera Quadrant
“Guns charged at sixty percent, Sir,” a Sailor informs the Commander on the bridge. The Commander acknowledges, his coffee mixing as the spoon’s tapping echoes throughout the room. With ceramic in hand, he lowers his head slightly as he walks out on the quarterdeck to join the Captain.
We have only been sailing for less than a day now, nearing the point we have marked to transition from controlled Alliance space back into the Scavenger infested Tulvera Quadrant. No need for alarm just yet, so it’s best to enjoy what relaxed atmosphere we have left.
“Sir,” I offer with a touch on the tip of my hat to the Captain and Commander as Lawrence and I join them on the quarterdeck.
“Gentlemen,” the Captain offers, half occupied with his thoughts and duties as he always is.
“Guns at sixty, Sir. Stowed, latched, and cabled, Sir. We’re ready,” I tell him.
“Excellent,” Commander Hudson says unemphatically as he takes a drink, gesturing for the chef’s mate to summon the tray for more coffee. We stand on the quarterdeck, getting a feel for where we are in the formation. The Captain doesn’t say much, but like the rest of us, he is likely trying to keep the stupid to a minimum before we cross the border.
Forty-seven ships are splayed across the skies, nearly all of them modern space ships of the day as the massive Perpetua serves as our main supporting carrier capable of tethering ships for maintenance and resupply. The Argo is on the right wing, centered between a swift ship and a cruiser capable of dispatching fighters. They overshadow us, but as the Commander orders the Argo to increase speed to thirty five percent, we begin to move forward of our accompanying ships already traveling at nearly full speed. Their shadow casts an artificial night over us with our sails out, glowing a dim orange from what solar energy we can find in their wake.
With coffee freshly arriving, we thank the young lad as Leftenant Lawrence Fields does the honors of mixing. A few overdistinguishable words suited for making coffee to the right and honorable Leftenant, we take up our temporary posts next to the Commander as he looks around our galactic skies with ceramic in one hand and the ever-flapping map in the other. The engines hum along, a dull rumble under our boots as the crew hold the ship steady, the Commander sending the Argo up over our accompanied combat ships to get another good look at our position.
“And…” Commander Hudson says with pen cap in his mouth, myself holding the map open with one hand while drinking from the other. “Eighteen hours, Sir,” he tells Captain Decatur as the radio from the bridge informs the net it will be eighteen hours before crossing the border into Tulvera.
“Commander,” the Captain says as he is away.
“Sir.”
“Lawrence will take the port battery,” I tell the Commander as I roll up his chart and stuff it under my arm.
“Rightly so,” the Commander says in a rather cheerful tone. He’s faking it, but he does it well. He gives a half smirk to Lawrence who touches the tip of his hat in kind.
“How’s the war wound, Sir?” I genuinely ask as Lawrence and I steal a glance.
“More to the hip than anything,” he replies, doing a short squat and making a face.
“Was it a piece of the ship, Sir?” Lawrence asks. “A piece of the rigging, we heard.”
“Mmm,” he mutters as he takes another drink of coffee. “Hell no. I wish the story were that good. They found a fork from the galley shoved in there after we took that blow from the Scavenger. Blew straight up from below, through the deck, and into my leg which nearly lodged into my ass.”
It’s difficult not to chuckle at his expense. We even overhear the Captain’s deep chuckle as he rounds out from the bridge and to his quarters. We chuckle like schoolboys at the thought. A couple jokes about eating utensils are made and the Commander allows it. He would do the same to us.
“Fighting shape, though,” the Commander says in an official tone.
“And bra-vo, Sir,” I assure as Lawrence follows up with ‘Indeed.’ We’re laughing now, but we were terrified then. If the Commander didn’t make it, even sans ass fork, we wouldn’t be able to take on this next fight – that’s for certain.
“The next thing we encounter won’t be followed up by stories of cutlery,” Commander Hudson remarks as he pours himself another. “You can count on that.” We don’t say anything, just help the Commander get our bearings and a good look around the massive formation as Fifth Fleet sails closer to the edge of known and controlled space.
The bell rings, the whistle blows, and the Argo descends back to its original position between the two ships as the radio communicates between them. Dismissed to our duties, the Commander takes control of the quarterdeck as Lawrence and I make for the gun deck below. With orange lights flooding the deck, the men relax or nap as the Argo gently shifts this way or that, up or down as the turbulence of space gently carries us along.
Opening a hatch, I observe the modern ship next to us and wonder who they are – where they came from, where their home is, if they’ve ever seen action, or how many guns they have. Blue and green nebulas float out in space as she shifts position, her engines reeling as she picks up what little speed she can muster. Distant stars, white and dim, shimmer in the distance as we sail along. With my hand on a gun to stabilize myself, I can feel its warmth from the charge. Soon they’ll be burning hot, turning the gun deck into an oven. Our eyes will burn from the cosmic dust. Our ears will ring from the blasts. It will be magnificent.
Commander Hudson’s right, though. This next one – we can count on it. Even if it’s only as bad as the last one, we’ll still be in a world of hurt. Lawrence and I don’t talk about potentialities. Midshipman Hedwick makes inclinations, but he’s been through this with us, as well. He’s just nervous about running the top deck – he’ll be fine.
The next one. That’s all that consumes my thoughts. Regardless of how it turns out, I only have two options. One is to see us through this so the Captain vouches for me no matter what. The other is to be dragged along the deck without a miraculous recovery like the Commander. My plans will have to wait. At this point, though, did I ever really stand a chance? Why did I get back on the ship after repairs?
With my coat on the armoire, hat on the table, and cold beer on the desk, I take a breath and sit with pen in hand as the Argo rumbles closer to the edge. Eight hours before we cross back into the Tulvera. It seems my own life has only just as much time. Her picture on the desk, I think of what she wants to hear from me.
Audrey My Sweet,
I can’t tell you how sorry I am for leaving you standing there as we slowly pulled away from the docks. I know you’ve been living your life since then, having left everything you know to be with me in Ur’Tres, but in my mind there is a woman standing in a light blue dress, giving a shallow wave as I left her behind.
I’m such a fool. I should have run from the ship. I should have never embarked in the first place. I should have swept you up that morning and refused to let you go until you agreed to run away with me to some distant place no one knows.
These days are long and promising to be even more so very soon. Every night, I can hear your whispers in my mind, feel your hands on my chest and face, see the closeness of you as I hold you near in the darkness of night.
I want there to be us. I need to see you again. I think what I’m saying is that I’m yours, desperately so, and I hope that when we’re together again you’ll give me another chance to get it right. Next time I’m not getting back on the ship. Next time you’re not going to be more than an arm’s length from me. Next time will be ours, so please hold on to me, Audrey – don’t let me go back.
Undeniably Yours,
Clay
***
Folding the letter and addressing it on the front with a quick scribble of the pen, I stand and take a deep breath, buttoning my coat and making sure my hat is on straight before heading out the door. With just a little while before crossing into the Tulvera, I want to get Audrey’s note out as soon as I can.
“Sir,” Midshipman Hedwick calmly remarks as he touches the tip of his hat. I nod to him with an early morning smile, making for the radio shed to pass the note off to Camden who addresses it appropriately and scans it through.
“Emmet,” I say before looking out from the door to get a read of the deck.
“Clay,” he remarks in turn, a few final gestures and movements to finish what occupied him. Standing, he takes up his hat and joins me, the two of us walking out on deck and avoiding talking about the obvious. “So,” he begins, looking around with hands on his hips. “Closer, then.”
“Yeah. Closer.” We look to where we the Argo is pointed, the rest of the fleet nearby as we have spread out into our fighting formation. “I’ll find coffee, I suppose,” I offer to change the subject, Emmet giving me a pat on the back and remarking how I’m a fine and good man. He’s just lazy and didn’t feel like doing it himself. Upon returning with coffee for the two of us, a few electronic blips ping from his instruments.
“Clay,” Emmet states as he retrieves the message. “From your letter, take a look.”
Exchanging coffee and note, I read it with a half concerning face – Invalid Address; Returned – there’s no recipient. Setting my coffee down, I remove Audrey’s previous letter to review the address code she gave me. Emmet gives me time to triple check it. He even does the honors himself. Sure enough, the numbers match, though Returned.
“Hey,” he offers. “I’ll keep trying, yeah? Maybe every few minutes or so. Unless it’s really urgent?”
“Thanks,” I assure in a low voice before taking a light drink. “No, by the way, it’s not urgent. Just a note, that’s all.”
After a few words of encouragement from Emmet and a few chides from me, I go about my duties and check on the quarterdeck relief before the Commander arrives for his morning report. Being so close to the portal between Allied space and the Tulvera, the Captain is likely to run the next shift change.
After a few encouraging words from the Captain, we are dismissed to our duties as the Commander assumes charge of the quarterdeck. With us being so close to the quadrant, I want to get one last good feel for the guns, so I made a quick trot for the stairs to head below.
“Mr. Wade,” the Commander lets out, stopping me cold. He motions his head for me to return, he full knowing how eager I am to get below. Respecting his command, I hope it’s brief.
“Sir.”
“Leftenant,” he formally states with nothing more. Catching on, I stand with hands behind my back next to him, looking over the deck and to the large, modern ship sailing off our starboard through the darkness of space.
“The latest, I assume, Sir?”
“Indeed, the latest,” he begins with our voices low and aware. “It appears Admiral Reid is aware of the ghost of Mulvaney.” A quick look to his face, the Commander rolls his eyes a bit and presses his lips together.
“What does he presume?”
“He doesn’t,” Isaac states. “He knows. Everything that the Captain knows, Admiral Reid knows.”
“I can talk to him. Try to clear things up.” It’s hard to retain my composure, knowing that Admiral Reid is the one who would vouch for me, ending this court martial witch hunt.
“No,” Isaac injects sternly. “He doesn’t want to see you. Especially not now. Look, Clay,” he continues, turning to me slightly and making sure I hear good and clear. “Do your job. Fight. Just do what you were born to do on this ship. No one knows how this next engagement is going to go, but we all know you’ll get us through it. You,” he says, “and Leftenant Fields on the guns.”
“So why tell me this now, Sir? If there’s nothing I can do about it then why not just let it come get me?”
“You deserve to know,” he remarks slowly. “Wouldn’t you want to hear about it from me first?”
I take a deep breath, a light shrug and gesture of my head. “Mmm,” I grunt.
“That way if they come to you about it, you have a better first response then just trying to talk to the Admiral.”
“Any remarks from him?” I ask.
The Commander just shakes his head slowly without much of an expression. “Others have become privy to the story, as well. Most think it’s strange and doesn’t matter based on who you are. Some, though,” he trails off. “Don’t give them any reason to talk. Put it behind you, Clay. Just go put rounds on target. Go fight.”
It’s hard to argue, with not much to argue about, but I trust him. With a ‘Sir’ and quick salute, I make it down below to check on the guns. I pass the word for battle drills once we cross into the Tulvera. I, and the crew, need something else to occupy our minds for now. The Commander didn’t say anything about the court martial. Nothing about the murder charges, which is ridiculous, and nothing about dishonor. At any rate, nothing is pulling me from the guns anytime soon.
A high-pitched sound emits and echoes through space from another ship in the formation.
“We’re crossing the portal,” Leftenant Camden’s voice sounds from the radio throughout the Argo. The crew look out from the deck and shrouds as the gun crews open the ports to see what’s going on.
Out in front and in the near distance, an array of large vessels float at an idle without any lights flashing. It’s a quiet and stale feeling, seeing the massive Alliance vessels spread out with a large gap between the two sides. It feels as though there should be more fanfare than this, the passing of the fleet into the looming fight. But there they are, still and without light, quiet and deadly to ensure our safe, consolidated passage. Fifth Fleet sails closer, beginning to pass through the gap of vessels as the radio comes alive, open and loud across the net.
“Calypso – crossing portal at 11.24-0.”
“This is the Destiny – crossing portal at 23.87-11.”
We continue to slip past the quiet, massive vessels with their guns pointed outwards, serving as our shepherds as we pass between them as the furthest Alliance point into the enemy filled Tulvera Quadrant. We feel the humbling of our size compared to these shepherds, the battleships normally deployed to fight only in the most egregious of war conditions. They must know something we don’t.
“Galileo – crossing portal, time now, 77.29-2.”
“This is the Argo,” the Captain’s voice sounds over the net. “Crossing portal 66.34-9.”
Slipping past the final shepherd, we watch as the fleet slowly spreads back out into formation, some going wide while others deep, a massive wedge of forty-seven ships which create an imposing force.
“Perpetua, Perpetua – Argo. Show us on your port flank. Call if you need us.”
“Argo – Perpetua. Roger, WILCO. Tango Mike. Glad to have you boys nearby.”
The Sword and the Star. Flying high on the mast as we pick up speed and sail into the uncharted void of the Tulvera Quadrant, it flaps in the turbulence amidst distant galaxies, stars, and skies filled with an enemy who only appears accompanied by fire and darkness. They’re out there, possibly waiting for us, possibly already knowing we are coming. They’re out there and – if I’m ever right about how things pan out against the organized Hinn – they will likely surprise us as much as we will them. Let’s just hope we’re on the edge of that first encounter.

“Gentlemen,” the Captain states as our conversations dim around the dinner table. We sit in the candlelight, sailing through the stars as Admiral Reid leads us through distant galaxies. “Even as we speak right now,” he says while knocking on the table, “the Alliance is struggling. Those that make up Fifth Fleet are still part of the Halberg Alliance, but even after all we’ve been through, other planets are talking about breaking from the conditions it places on our partners.”
We sit and drink, a few glances between us though we’re not entirely sure what the Captain’s getting at. We’re here now, so there’s no escaping that.
“What are they arguing, Sir?” the Commander asks. “Is the threat from the Hinn not perceived as real?”
“I don’t know the answer to that,” the Captain replies. “But there are pundits out there arguing either for or against remaining aligned. I can tell you this,” he continues while sitting back in the chair, half exhausted. “If this fleet doesn’t produce results and have a significant effect on not just the Scavengers but the Hinn itself, then more will fall out of the Alliance. We, Gentlemen,” he huffs out, “may be returning home for some time if that occurs. The lure of home may be tempting. Thera can’t sustain its fleet without her role in the Alliance. We could get mothballed.”
No one really talks, just sort of acknowledges and listens. Looking around the table, their faces are one of concern and loss as if already knowing their fate. I instantly feel terrible for them, these brave men who have poured more of themselves into this ship than I. My situation is quite different, though. Fight and live or subject to the whim of diplomats and set sail for home – the results are the same.
With a ‘Gentlemen’ and knowing look we are dismissed to our duties, holding our position amidst the wing of the fleet against a vast sky of darkness and shades of red. To keep myself from thinking too much, I head below with Lawrence for some routine efforts instead of stating the obvious to one another.
Chapter 16
Fifth Fleet Patrol; Negative Hinn Activity – Scavenger Occupied Tulvera Quadrant
“Still nothing,” Camden says as he hands my original letter back to me. The same ominous reply – Invalid Address – either she isn’t there or the Ministry is blocking messages. Either way, it does nothing for my nerves.
“No worries,” I calmly say as I fold the letter and return it to its hiding place for the last time. “She knows. She’s there.”
Leftenant Camden doesn’t say anything, just makes a half convincing face of assurance. With a ‘Thanks, bud’ and handshake before watching him hop back into the radio shed, I turn and make my way for the rail, taking in the mood of the Commander and Captain. There they are, on and off the quarterdeck going about their duties, undoubtedly more concerned than I am regarding our current status.
‘She’s out there,’ I tell myself, hoping this time it will convince me it’s the truth. Removing my hat, a hand through my hair with a long breath through the nose, I return the tall bicorn and pull my coat a little tighter as the cold of space continues to push us along.
The investigators are on to her, so maybe she’s lying low. She found a place on the pier, watching for the Argo to come in as opposed to me going to her. These wonderful thoughts fill my mind, though only for a fleeting moment. The truth is, more than likely, the investigator snatched her up after receiving my letter – either before she left for Ur’Tres or shortly after landing – until then, it seems, Audrey will remain invalid. Since they have her, without the Argo making port, she’s the final pawn in this galactic game of hide and seek. Let them have her. That gives them enough to stay busy for now.
***
“Full sail, Mr. Hudson,” the Captain orders coolly as he puts his hands on the rail.
“Aye, Sir,” Commander Hudson replies, echoing the call for more sail as the men clamor in the scaffolds and make quick work of the task.
“Power at ninety three, Sir!” a crewman from the bridge announces with radios calling from other ships in the fleet as the Argo retains its place in the formation.
Having been sent on a wide security patrol, the Captain declares the area secure and orders us closer to the fleet. Lawrence makes his way quickly down to the gun deck as the crews hold on for the ever-increasing vibration of a ride.
“They’re draining my port guns first,” he says loudly as the Master Gunner and I work to balance the power. “We’ll be vulnerable for at least thirty minutes,” he continues, myself acknowledging.
“More power to the fore and aft guns, Mr. Truxton,” I tell the Master Gunner as I make my way to Lawrence. “Safety of the right wing?” I jokingly pry to mock our original plan. Lawrence makes a face and I roll my eyes – just hold tight until we slow a bit.
“Guns at seventy, Sir,” Mr. Truxton says ominously. Lawrence and I grumble at one another. Deep breaths, the Captain knows what he’s doing. With that, Lawrence is off, heading to the forward quarter of the gun deck to assume his station.
Since our little mothball conversation with the Captain yesterday, we’ve been keeping an honest and optimistic outlook on things. The Mighty Fifth, sailing hard through the dark Tulvera Quadrant is a real force to fear, so let’s just trust everyone to do their part.
Up front, Lawrence is hanging onto the ship with one hand, going over his diagnostic device in the other, masterfully balancing the vibrations and turbulence without losing his footing. The good Leftenant Lawrence Fields, it appears, has come to wear in his boots on the gun deck quite well. Since our last ambush of a fight against the Hinn and the darkness, he’s the more confident and seasoned Leftenant that I seriously doubted he could become. We will get into another fight. He will put rounds on target. Lawrence will do great.
With little to no action anticipated at this point, I head top side to get a good feel for where we are. First Mate Jenkins is calling the gruff orders, the Commander and Captain busy with charts and schematics as they should be.
“Lieutenant Commander Wade, Sir,” Midshipman acting Ensign Liam Hedwick calls as he touches his hat with a short trot and matching grin on his face.
“Mr. Hedwick,” I return, a calm and low voice as I take up a good spot to observe something as if I’m really concerned. “All out, then?”
“Oh yes, Sir,” he replies before taking up a spot next to me, pointing to certain sails and making a wide gesture to space out and away as he speaks. “I’ve got the crew down for now as to keep from wearing them out too soon, Sir. Save for any ambush, that is.”
“What are you concerned about?” I ask, hands remaining behind my back, coat gently blowing as the ship creaks and carries us along under the dull hum of the engines.
“No worries, Sir. All’s well, it seems.”
“Think of something to watch out for,” I tell him easily, making a gesture and looking up to starboard. “Every couple of minutes, take a short hike and glance out to starboard. Give it a quick scan. See the Commander?” I ask, pointing back as Hedwick moves to see for himself. “He’s swamped with the Captain’s concerns right now. Be his eyes until then. Watch the sails, think of the men, and keep the Commander’s physical position in mind.”
“Aye, Sir,” Hedwick slowly says, looking from the Commander out to starboard and upwards. “Of course, Sir.” With that, he gives a shallow touch to the tip of his tricorn hat before making for the starboard rail. A glance here and there, a turn, and back to observing the sails.
Looking back to the Commander, he and I exchange a look as I smirk, knowing he is knee deep in the Captain’s problem of the day. Poor guy. Regardless, Commander Hudson does everything he can for this ship, and me, given the circumstances. Since crossing into the Tulvera, we remain focused on our task.
The rumors, any rumors, seem to have all but disappeared, ceasing to exist and become less relevant with every second we sail deeper into the Tulvera. The only rumor spreading amongst the Officers at the moment, it appears, is that the good Commander needed to see the Leftenants in his quarters immediately after dinner with the Captain. A right inspection of the ale, we assume, is overdue.
***
With hats stacked on the dresser and coat buttons undone, we sit and stand as the long day comes to an uneventful end. Commander Hudson, in his white shirt and dark hair down to his neck, does the honors of setting up the glasses as Lawrence sets to work. With a quiet and almost inaudible knock at the door, we three Leftenants make a brow and wonder who it could be as we are all here.
“Come in, my lad,” Isaac tells the knock before the young Mr. Hedwick slips through the door with hat under his arm. Lawrence looks to Isaac, a nod in return, and Lawrence fills a glass for the young man.
“Thank you, Sir,” Midshipman Hedwick says graciously as he takes the beer, hat under his arm as if feeling unworthy of setting it down in the Commander’s presence.
“Three days, Gentlemen,” Isaac begins in a long breath before taking a seat in his leather chair. “Nothing. Not a sound.”
“Right, Sir,” I agree. “Maybe they’re leading us in.”
“Maybe. Or crossing into controlled Alliance space now.”
“Well,” I try to assuage, “we’ll just find the lead ship and work our way back from there. Let them come find us so long as we make the first punch.”
Fifth fleet was assembled as a strike force against the Hinn, the idea being that strength in firepower will win the fight. In that, it was deemed, we would concentrate effects with the massive, modern carriers and first-rate ships instead of operating with higher mobility using frigates like the Argo. True, there are two other Nelsonian ships in the Fifth, but we’re being kept close in the wings. The Holloway, on the extreme left, will likely never be further than physical sight, leaving the Fifth with little frigate reconnaissance. The entire Hinn formation could, in theory, sail right around us. Ships in the night, ironically, is a reality more than ever.
“How do we even find the lead ship?” Hedwick asks within the lull of our conversation. “That would be pure luck, wouldn’t it?”
“They would see us coming first anyways,” Isaac shrugs, taking a drink and sinking lower with his boot clamoring on the table.
“The lead ship won’t,” I say quietly, tapping a finger on the half-full glass.
Camden murmurs something, but Isaac isn’t paying attention. Raising his head, he looks at me and takes a drink. “The lead ship won’t,” Isaac echoes with the hint of a question. His eyebrows narrow, but I continue tapping on the glass and break away from his gaze.
“Sure,” I say calmly, adjusting my seat on the arm of Lawrence’s chair. “Like a blind spot. We have to…” I lead on, making a foolish face and swimming motion with my hand, “slip our way into it.”
“Clay,” Isaac abruptly states. “What the hell are you mumbling about?”
Standing over the table in the Captain’s quarters, the other Officers and I lean or sit back as the Commander continues to deliver the theory. The Captain, standing with one arm under the other, a knuckle scraping his stubble, gives me a leering eye before returning his gaze to Isaac as he delivers perfectly good examples.
“It makes sense, Sir,” the Commander continues as he draws more lines and circles on the paper showing a draft of enemy and friendly positions. “We’ve always, always seen the Scavengers fighting in two’s.”
“We’ve fought individual ones,” the Captain injects.
“But not as a result of them pressing the fight on us, Sir. Think about it. We’ve been broadside to the front end of Scavengers before. They peel away, roll, fire, and run.”
“They’re just trying to create distance.”
“They’re spraying and praying, Sir. I’ve never once seen a Scavenger correct it’s role, come about hard, and land accurate shots. It’s always peel, roll, fire, fly.”
The Captain retains his previous stature as his thoughts, if we listen closely, echo throughout the quarters.
“You’re thinking about what it takes to get out front,” the Commander states.
“You’re in my headspace, Commander. As per the norm.”
“We don’t fight as a wing, Sir,” the Commander replies, drawing varying V-shaped formations made up of the Fifth’s formation. “We let them in, hit the lead ship, let the trail ship roll away, hit the third ship, watch the forth roll, etcetera. Let the trail ship try to find another host to use as a beacon. If it doesn’t break away, then we are able to just blast away front to back and destroy them all. But they don’t fight like that. It’s better for them to roll through the blind spot and try to shoot, try to at least have a fighting chance.”
“The lead ship can’t see what’s right out in front,” the Captain says.
“The lead ships rely on the staggered ones as their eyes. That’s why we only really feel the pain –”
“When we’re past the lead ship and fighting a trail ship head on,” the Captain finishes. The Captain’s face says ‘Bingo.’ A smirk spreads amongst us. Getting a lead ship out of the fight renders it combat ineffective, meaning only half of a Scavenger formation is an actual threat. With a little fire discipline and counting, it is theorized, we only have to fight half of them. “The ships finding another host will still fire,” the Captain continues ominously with a sketch in his hand.
“We’ll just take that chance, Sir,” the Commander concludes. 
Ok – so we have a plan other than form up, fight, and flank. Now, all we have to do is convince an Admiral of an entirely new theory of fighting in enemy controlled space far away from home with reinforcements not even so much as an afterthought. Brilliant.
Ur’Tres – Audrey’s Apartment
Orange clouds carpet the skies as the planet continues to turn on its axis. A curtain blows in a gentle breeze as another long day comes to an end. After returning from her new job at the airport, Audrey takes up her nightly glass of wine and makes for their spot.
It isn’t their spot, really, but rather the spot she picked out for them. As she is there alone while the distant sun rises and sets, she brings him with her every morning and night. The Ur’Tres Minor Space Station isn’t visible yet, but the twin moons are – only a matter of time before the glimmer of the station passes overhead as it does like clockwork.
On a balcony overlooking the water, beside the little table with a vacant chair, she sits with pen in hand before taking one last long look at a shore without a ship, without a man she knows, without any word since she arrived. She thinks in the warm breeze, mustering the strength to continue her string of letters.
Clayton my Dearest,
I’ve received no word from you since I arrived. Days continue to go by without any word from you, but I know you’re out there – somewhere – sailing back to me. As I stated before in my original letters, I scoured the reports of ships coming and going, but even though I’ve already looked, I keep looking, hoping that the word Argo will magically appear, hoping you will appear.
The investigator – he’s still around. He asked about you again after I had arrived. He served me some paperwork, but I got rid of it. He told me a story about a man named Austin Mulvaney, a strange story about a nobody turned Nelsonian Naval Officer. It was an interesting story, but it’s not the one I know. The story I know is one where a handsome man swept me away the moment we met. The story I know has a woman standing on a pier as his ship pulled away, taking away a man in possession of her heart, causing her to leave it all to follow someone she barely knows.
You are that man. You are Clayton Wade. You are coming back. Don’t wait, just leave now. Come home, Clay.
Unquestionably Yours,
Audrey
***
Aboard Admiral Halveston’s Flagship Destination – Tulvera Quadrant
“The Admiral will see you now,” the young Aide says as the Captain and I stand from our chairs on the Admiral’s flagship Destination.
As I stand with the Captain, he turns to me with a knowing face. He doesn’t have to say anything. I already know what’s happening.
“Right, Sir,” I say without question. “Standing by, Sir.”
The Captain heads in as the Admiral’s recognizable voice greets him before the doors shut. Myself and the Aide are left to our silence and awkward looks of friendliness as we wait. He gestures for me to sit and I do so, plopping my hat on my knee and fussing with my lapel. We eye each other’s uniforms, taking in the differences, but the formalities end there.
Captain Decatur was just barely convinced that the blind spot theory is plausible, but he isn’t the most difficult one to convince. Admiral Reid is a man of principle and tradition. It will take some serious negotiating to get a formation change at the onset of an engagement.
Time passes and I take it as a good sign. I’m content just being where I am before the door opens again, myself and the Aide standing though we’re unsure what’s next.
“Mr. Wade,” the Commander says and motions. I nod and tuck my hat under my arm, my other hand on the sword hilt to keep it from knocking anything. The edge of the scabbard hits the door as I pass, further making me play the part of adolescent child.
“Sir,” I offer the Admiral as I stand straight.
“Come in,” he remarks tiredly. Admiral Reid sits behind his large desk, a hand on his face as he appears unconvinced of what he’s hearing. The two men continue to discuss the options without even acknowledging me.
“So,” Admiral Reid finally states, tapping his knuckle on the desk. “Which ship does what?”
The Captain begins speaking before turning his attention to me. I look between the two men before commenting, noting the vacancy of words.
“Place a battleship behind a maneuverable ship,” I quickly state. “Maneuver knocks out the lead ship,” I continue with a glance to the Captain who acknowledges that the Admiral is tracking, “then the battleship slows and remains with the second ship. Then so on and so forth.”
“Reverse the support roles,” the Admiral quickly follows up.
“Aye, Sir. Currently, if the lead Scavenger ship in a formation slips forward of the battleship, then the maneuverable ship is forced to pursue or take to the trail ship head on, which –”
“Typically causes the highest casualties,” the Captain concludes. Time passes. A glance from the Captain to myself before the Admiral speaks.
“Ok,” he calmly admits. “Ok.” He stands from his desk and walks to the map board. “But only the right wing. We will retain the left wing in a wedge formation. In the event we meet the enemy head on, we’ll swing the formation left as soon as we confirm the Hinn formation, pressing the right wing into the bulk of the enemy. Which means, Gentlemen,” Admiral Reid continues, “that you better get out front first. You have direct authority of a ship to support from the right wing. Take the best pick of the lot.”
“Aye, Sir,” the Captain replies as we both give a shallow bow.
The Admiral acknowledges with a sort-of salute. We turn to leave, myself almost out the door as his voice returns.
“And Gentlemen,” Admiral Reid says, stopping us in our tracks as he takes up his cold cigar. “God go with you, Gentlemen.”
Chapter 17
Deep in the Darkness of the Tulvera Quadrant
The furthest corners of space are quiet. They are filled with the void of uncertainty and doubt which keeps even the bravest of men at bay. Many of these corners have gone unexplored for a reason. Why go somewhere that has nothing to offer? Deserts are described in such a way, uninhabited lands largely appearing to be swathes of nothingness with as much to offer, where one’s fate is sealed simply by lingering for too long.
That desert, this patch of space, is exactly where the unknown thrives. From this desert grows a darkness – a thick and billowing black cloud of dust and dead stars heralding the darkness that follows closely behind – a darkness that berths a cloud of lighting and fire, warning others to stay away.
The black cloud rumbles and strikes, a rolling ball of fire burning outwards as the lead Scavenger emerges from the darkness before the dark cloud slips away from the jagged edges of the ship. Two, six, ten Scavenger ships soon follow from similar clouds behind one another, a sudden spawning of death barreling towards their unsuspecting victim.
As dark and covered in ash as the fiery clouds from which they emerge, their engines let out a piercing siren sound as opposed to the rumble of friendly ships. Their ships screech and float along, spreading out in jagged columns of five or six as an unknown beacon points their way forward.
The rumbling of burning clouds subsumes as the image of Scavenger formations fill the dark Tulvera skies. Not a single life form to be seen on the enclosed giants, they fly through space like a comet – dark, rounded heads and jagged tails only interrupted by weapons from which their power source is unknown. The pitched screeching continues as the columns spread out and fly in a common direction.
They’re out there. They know where we are. And they’re heading this way.
Fifth Fleet; Seeking Out the Hinn Main Body – Tulvera Quadrant
The Sword and the Star. Flying high on the mast, it flaps as the Argo begins to pick up speed and fly closer to tighten up the combat formation. The colors struggle to hold on against a background of constellations and cosmic clouds as the rumbling Nelsonian comes alive with activity and the knowing that the enemy is near.
On the far right wing of the Mighty Fifth Fleet, the formation tightens as select sails are coiled on the tall masts of the 48 gun Argo. Guns charging to fighting strength, Leftenant’s Wade and Fields call out for the boys to make ready, ordering the securing of the lines as the Argo diverts power to the guns for the sake of guns over speed. This is it – the ships of the Fifth are taking up their positions in their anticipation of imminent contact.
The radios on the bridge come to life with chatter, the Commander keeping watch on the quarterdeck as Captain Decatur exchanges glances with another Captain slipping past from his enclosed bridge aboard the massive and most modern battleship Lumina.
With the ship rumbling along, the men of the Argo are alert as they sail between unknown galaxies, clouds of green and yellow stretching outwards and further than the individual can ever imagine.
The ‘High Alert’ order comes as Admiral Reid’s flagship Destination takes up its central position amidst the fleet. Nothing is going to stop it now. Admiral Reid knows something we don’t, though we all have a good idea what it is.
They’re out there. They know where we are. And they’re heading this way.
Far Right Wing Security; Fifth Fleet Formation – Tulvera Quadrant
“Argo, Argo – this is the Lumina. Radio check, over.”
“Roger, Lumina – Argo. You’re Lima Charlie.”
Staggered out all along the right wing of the Fifth’s position, a series of ships in two’s and three’s fly in a jagged formation as the left wing retains the formal V-shape. Regardless of the formation type, the Fifth is an ominous force flying through the Tulvera Quadrant. With guns charged, ships on alert, and engines vibrating the decks, we feel invincible, almost daring the enemy to show its face now.
Up the stairs and on deck, I give my hat one last pat down as my boots echo off the masts and rails. A salute returned to a crewman, I make a quick hop up to the quarterdeck.
“Guns at ninety percent, Sir,” I inform the Commander with a quick salute. “Holding at that level until further notice.”
“Thank you, Mr. Wade,” he replies while switching through the views on the quarterdeck device. I stand with hands behind my back, a light tap to the fully loaded and holstered pistol. The Commander seems to notice, a quick eye and small smirk coming to his face as he goes about his business. “Anxious, Clay?”
“Oh,” I begin nonchalantly. “No worries, Sir. Ready to do what we must. As we have always done, Sir.” The Commander’s smirk remains, though I know he’s silently mocking me.
“That’s good to hear. I’m sure it will be just fine.” The Commander briefly stops, expanding a view on the digital chart with his hand. His smirk disappears as he focuses a little more narrowly. I take notice, barely moving to see what he does before a quick look to the stars.
“Sir,” I offer lightly. He’s barely moving the digital map around at this point.
“Leftenant Camden!” the Commander calls.
“Aye, Sir!” Camden’s voice echoes from the radio shed. “I’m tracking, Sir! Hang on, hang on…”
“SIR!” the Commander shouts before the Captain promptly arrives. The Commander points to the screen and we look out to where the anomaly seems to be originating.
I don’t see anything. What?
In the distance – the far distance – a thin and small shape seems to grow. Remnants of a cloud, one seeming to brew from nowhere, burns and grows as the hint of fire rolls out from within. One ship, a dark and ominous thing, emerges from the fire as it seems to be getting bigger.
“Run out the guns, Mr. Wade!” the Captain calls as the bridge comes alive with activity.
“Aye, Sir!” I reply with quick a salute, hardly touching the stairs as I land hard on the deck to head below.
Our ship’s alarms screech out, the others taking notice as the warnings echo across the fleet – Imminent Contact. The fleet is armed and alert, ready to take the fight to the enemy.
The Argo picks up speed and the deck vibrates as the sails fill and pull us along. Walking quickly along the gun deck, I give a look to Lawrence who gets the message.
“RUN THEM OUT, BOYS!” he shouts across the deck. The men shout and holler, hauling out the guns as they whine from the energy flowing from our sails to keep them charged. The men heave and shout, an incoherent mess of noise as their calls are mixed with that of the ship, sirens, and orders given throughout the gun deck.
“Bow and stern, as well! All of them, boys!” I shout. We need all guns out on this one. No keeping ports closed for the sake of some faux safety. We are about to be in the thick of it. There’s no avoiding it now.
“Argo, Argo – Lumina. We’re going low and setting back a short ways. We’ll give you room at first. Give us a shout if we’re about to roll them over.”
“Lumina – Argo. Roger. Tracking all.”
The battle cruiser Lumina settles lower and gives us some room. She is a large and ready ship, capable of taking a heavy punch and delivering one, as well. Though not having as powerful of guns as the Argo, she has the ability to turn hulls into punch cards in a right and orderly hurry.
“Contact Front! Contact Front!” the radio shouts as distant rumbles reverberate out in the distance. Most of the men do their best to stay focused, though a few try to see from the portholes or out from the shrouds on deck to see what they can.
“This is the Delta – right wing forward – closing the gap and moving in!”
“Roger, Delta,” Admiral Reid replies. “Press the fight. Press forward, Delta!”
“Aye, Sir!”
A rumble and a blast, bright sprays of light both large and small scatter the forward landscape. Enemy and friendly alike blast and tear away at one another as rumbles from the impacts echo off our sails and through the gun deck.
“Mayday, Mayday, Mayday!” the radio calls. “This is the Perpetua! We’ve taken significant damage and are falling out of th –” A deafening blast radiates through space as fire and debris pepper the center of the Fifth’s formation.
“Swing left!” the radio calls as the Commander lays on the power.
“Steady, Gentlemen,” the Captain calmly calls over the radio.
“This is it, boys!” I shout across the deck, the men relaying the call with replies and shouts of their own. Lawrence and I hold on as the Argo begins to lift, the Lumina just under and below us, swerving into view and away as she keeps trail. Lawrence holds my gaze a moment. He’s breathing hard through thin lips, his chest giving away his anxiety. I make a stern face and a hard thumbs up which he returns. I can’t hear him over the clamor of noise, but Lawrence lets out a heavy exhale.
“Time to test the theory, Mr. Wade!” the Commander calls over the net.
“Aye, Sir!” I shout back, some of the men exchanging looks with me before they grin and hold on tightly. We stand, crouch, or kneel as the Argo makes a hard turn up and out.
“Hold on, boys!” Lawrence shouts, each of us doing our best to not get tossed around.
“BOW! BOW!” the Commander’s voice screams.
“FIRE!” Lawrence shouts as he points a fast arm toward the bow’s two open ports.
With a heaving blast and bellow of a roar, the forward two guns fire at once, sending hot and burning blasts of red cosmic dust and hate toward the enemy. The Argo shifts and increases speed to port, making a hard turn and beginning to level off.
“Ready!” I say with straining arms and watching out of the starboard gun ports. “FIRE!”
From bow to stern, the battery opens fire with an amazing synchronization of green and white heat directed toward our enemy. Instantly, the lead Scavenger ship fires as she attempts to return the favor. The hull of the Argo gets the ass end of it while some enemy shots tear into our railing and rigging. Shouts emit from above, though not seeming to be those in the throes of death.
The Argo levels off as I turn to see out from the rearward guns, our bow runners out and ready to deal a blow. Time to test the theory.
“FIRE!” I shout as others can’t help but watch. The two rear guns burst out in quick succession, sending two columns of red hate toward our enemy. Pieces, pieces of pieces really, tear and rip away from the front of the lead Scavenger ship.
“HAZAA!!” the men shout.
“Reload!” Master Gunner Truxton orders, doing his best to keep the men focused.
The Argo rises and makes a hard right before the trail Scavenger blasts away at the back of our ship. Sending me forward on the deck, landing hard on my face and chest, the blast does one hell of a job taking pieces of our stern with her. A quick round of heavy blasts is heard, ones too powerful for a single Scavenger, which is mixed with the whining of our engines and screams from the men to hold on.
“Contact!” the Lumina calls over the net as Argo strains to right herself. “It works!” Lumina calls again. “First ship out of the fight. Second ship peeling away, seeming ineffective. Third ship is making a run for another group of Scavengers. It works! Stay with me, Argo! Hang on!”
“Good copy!” the Captain replies.
Bright bursts of light ring out from all behind us as the two lead ships of our Scavenger targets try to regain themselves. One is burning and rolling away into the dark abyss below as the other struggles to stay upright, the Lumina hot on her.
“Run out the stern, boys!” I shout before the Argo makes a sharp descent, causing men to fall forward or bounce off what’s near.
“DIVE, DIVE, DIVE!” the Commander calls on the net. The Lumina does her best to keep up and turns wide, struggling to effectively shoot our pursuer who is sporadically firing wherever she can. It’s an ugly mess of a chase, the lot of us just trying to get a good angle.
Muscles nearing the point of atrophy, I look back to the rear gun crew who are just only able to hold on. A giant hole exists where the stern portholes used to be, the two guns locked in the rear position. The men can’t run her out as we bank hard – they’re more likely be tossed out of the ship and to the depths if they even tried.
“Stern!” Master Gunner Truxton shouts. The men look to the gun, their bodies pressed to where they hold tight as the sheer force of the Argo’s escape ensures the men are combat ineffective. “STERN!” he shouts and strains over the deafening reel of engines.
A stern crewman lifts a terribly heavy leg as enemy rounds blast away all around us, threatening to tear straight into the gaping hole, through the gun deck, and kill us all. It’s all we can do but watch and try not to pass out. With one kick, then two, the crewman shouts at the top of his lungs as he kicks away at the gun’s emergency release before finally – with a rumbling clamor – both rear guns run out from the sheer force of our winding escape.
“FIRE!” I shout, though unnecessarily. The crewmen pull the cords from where they strain against the ship before hot blasts rip out from the rear of the Argo.
A detonation – one that should not be experienced so close – forces the Argo up and forward as the Scavenger ship is carved into nearly two jagged pieces before rolling, burning, and falling into the nothingness of space.
Power drains from the Argo as sails are ripped away from the blast, random guns go offline, and crewmen without a good hold are tossed here and there. The pain in my chest and face pounds in agony with every heartbeat and breath, but we do our best to recover and figure out which way is up. Standing on my own, I seem to have found it.
Sirens sound throughout the Argo as the Lumina comes about and gets a good look at us from up and away.
“Argo – Lumina. Status.”
“Roger, Lumina. She’s powering down on us. We’re sucking here.”
“Roger, Argo. Keep her upright. We’re making a wide pass until help arrives. You look terrible, but you put up one hell of a fight. Damn fine gunnery.”
The word is out – the blind spot theory is now a practice, causing Admiral Reid to order the left wing of the Fifth to segment into staggered partitions. We take stock of the men, the guns, and the Argo as our engines strain, threatening to roll us over if we can’t stay upright. We issue orders, take stock of where we are in relation to the fight, and retain some semblance of fighting posture.
“Mr. Wade,” the radio calls. “Captain requests you topside.”
Without acknowledging, I shuffle past men and pieces, power cords and busy crew before making my way up the stairs.
Arriving topside, I pull my coat closer and give a tap on my hat as a form of habit, looking around as I try to get a sense of our position. The fight continues out in the distance, ships moving this way and that, enemy and friendly, which all appears to me a scene of organized chaos. A few random rounds fly past our barely cruising ship as we instinctively duck.
The deck is nothing to be proud of. Sails and rigging, pieces and blood, all of it scattered or swinging as it hangs by threads above us or sweeping on the deck.
“Mr. Hedwick,” I offer in a friendly but serious tone as the lad turns to me with a face recovering from a bout of fear, steadfastness, and shock. He gives an uneasy smirk before I tap him on the shoulder, glad that he’s alive.
“Sir,” I state as I arrive on the quarterdeck with the Captain and Commander. Arriving by their side, I can sense a growing angst in the Commander as he struggles to keep the ship powered and upright.
“Excellent job, Mr. Wade,” the Commander comments as he remains focused on messages coming across his communicator. “It seems, though,” he continues as he scans and swipes, “that it may have been your last for this fight.”
I look around and try to think of some way to make the Argo start moving again, but nothing comes to mind. “I’m terribly sorry, Sir,” I tell him before hearing Lawrence join me on deck. “The Argo, Sir. We can still fight. We’ll make ready.”
“No,” he calmly says as if declining my offer for morning coffee. “You’ll do nothing of the sort.” He acknowledges the Captain who makes for the bridge, placing his hands behind his back and looking around at the fight. The radio is going crazy. Ships are flying hard though it seems the fight is fleeing in another direction. We stand there, waiting for whatever the Captain might say next.
“Damn,” is all he whispers while glaring around. Watching as the Lumina slowly circles nearby, he looks across the deck and up to the sails. “Damn…”
“So soon, then,” Lawrence states as he looks around.
“Indeed, Mr. Fields,” Captain Decatur answers. “It does appear, Mr. Wade,” he continues while looking out toward the fight which is quickly turning into an uncoordinated mess of a pursuit, “that your theory is correct. Congratulations.” His voice is one of sincerity, though lacking much enthusiasm given the cries of men either wounded or dying on the top deck. My heart sinks at the comment. For some reason, no amount of flattery can alleviate the gravity of our situation.
“It didn’t seem to be every tactic used today,” I say as we await further orders.
“No,” the Captain replies. “But certainly enough at the outset to put the hurt on them early. We’ve figured them out. And they know it, what’s more.” A deep breath, the Captain does his best to think above the siren, rumbling, and noise about this God-forsaken plot of space. His jaw clenches, as do his hands. “Recovery, Gentlemen. See to it, then.”
With an ‘Aye, Sir’ and on our way, we set about tending to the recovery of men, the Argo, and our pride from a brief victory, consequential to our time in the battlefield. With heavy minds, we set to the task.
Tend to the men. Keep an eye out.
Chapter 18
Post-Hinn Main Body Contact; Recovery in Flight – Tulvera Quadrant
We worked tirelessly to make the Argo half way amenable as to resemble a fit and fighting ship once more. In that amount of time, we accounted for six men killed in the fray before three more died on the table. The loss of any man is terrible as we all know one another. It feels wrong, but the guns needed tending to and the enemy is still out there. Our grief, it seems, will have to wait.
It has been nearly twenty-eight hours since anyone has slept and it’s beginning to take its toll. With the news of the cruiser Redeemable coming in to help with repairs and tow us to the safety of the fleet, we do the best we can to accept the fact that the Argo is out of the fight.
With hats off, Lawrence and I sit on the remnants of a busted rail, doing our best to stay awake and be presentable Gentlemen.
“Clay,” Lawrence offers as if not seeing me for some time. I give a look without a reply, just a set of pressed lips and bag-laden eyes. “I spoke with Emmet earlier. He said reports are coming in that nearly half of the Hinn formation was taken out of the fight to one degree or another. We have six ships destroyed, four severely damaged, and one barely staying upright –”
“And one being dragged behind,” the Commander injects. We don’t stand to acknowledge him. He doesn’t seem to require formalities based on the worn look of his face.
“Great piloting today, Sir,” I tell him. “If you didn’t get us out of there they would have rolled us up through their column.”
“Meh,” Commander Hudson disgusts, shaking his head at the thought of being glad the fight is over.
“It was you, Mr. Wade. You’re little ‘kick the first one in the face’ idea really worked. Some of the other fleet was already prepared to do so and a couple others caught on, but once the fight got too close it turned into a melee before a route by the Hinn.”
Lawrence taps me on the back with a friendly smack.
“The good Mr. Fields here set off the chain. He put the first two rounds right in the lead ship’s teeth. They didn’t know what to do after that,” I say.
“Eagle Eye Mr. Fields,” the Commander says jokingly. “That’s the name circulating based on that quick bow firing call.” Lawrence chuckles it off. He’s loving it, though as a true Gentlemen he would never let it show. We sit in silence now that the homage is over. Time passes as we watch the Lumina fly nearby to cover our tail.
“The fate of the Ezra,” I say in a low voice. The others notice, giving me a concerned eye.
“And the good Mr. Maury,” the Commander adds.
“Yeah,” I agree quietly. “Sam Maury.”
Before long, sturdy boots sound from the quarterdeck. They’re unmistakable – the Captain.
“Sir,” we three offer as we rise to our feet, a little slower than we would have some twenty hours ago.
“Gentlemen,” Captain Decatur replies as we issue halfhearted salutes both ways. With a few papers in his hand, he gives them to the Commander and allows him time for a quick glance.
“Mr. Wade,” Commander Hudson says calmly, handing me one of the papers. “Young Mr. Hedwick!” the Commander calls while continuing through the papers without looking up.
“Sir. Aye, Sir,” Midshipman Hedwick reports as he renders to the Captain and Commander, the poor lad tired and worn down damn near to the nub.
Reading over my paper, I have to go over it a couple times to make sure I’ve got it right. The Captain is looking to us, himself taking a deep breath with a concerted face as he ends his glance upon meeting mine.
“…Commander,” I say, looking to the Captain. Commander Hudson looks to me, then the Captain, making a face of slight grimace.
“Commander,” the Captain echoes as he notices my face and expression in some degree of shock. “Congratulations, Mr. Wade.”
“The promotion restrictions, Sir –”
“Have been lifted for this special occurrence. Just this once by our good Admiral, Lord Reid.” The Captain gestures to the main fleet body some ways off. He’s serious. It’s real.
“Congratulations, Clay,” Lawrence says with the support of our small group. The Captain lets me take in the moment, the boys saying their parts.
“But Commander Hudson, Sir,” I begin, trying to put the pieces together.
“I’m being reassigned, Clay,” Isaac states. We try to do the math in our head regarding who steps up to do what, but it becomes clear. “The gun deck is Mr. Fields’ now. Congratulations, Lawrence.”
We laud the Argo gun deck Officer Mr. Fields, who seems to be a bit beside himself, as well.
“And the Argo…Sir?” I ask, giving a look to the pitiful mess it has become.
“She’s done, Clay,” the Captain coldly states. He lets it sink in. “This is it. This is her end. She’s been patched too many times. She just can’t keep up anymore.”
We look to each other, both a little lost as to what happens now.
“We’ll be towed to a logistics link up point in the Tulvera closer to Allied space, placed under guard, and hauled back to Thera. Commander Hudson’s coming with me. Yourself and Lawrence, along with a bit of the crew, are being reassigned.”
We don’t say anything at first. The thought of being broken up now doesn’t make any sense. I want to protest for the preservation of the Argo, but I know it’s pointless. Looking to the back of my paper, I go over the few details.
“The Radiant Shallows,” I read aloud.
“Seventy-four guns,” the Captain replies with a grin and tap on my arm. The Commander looks to me wide eyed. Even he hasn’t Commanded a ship that large. “You’ll board her when we link up at the rally point. We’ll do a short exchange and you’ll be on your way. She’s in the fight just as we are now, or, as we were,” he counters as he reminds himself the Argo is being hauled out of the battle space. “Can I speak with you, Commander Wade?” the Captain asks, extending an arm and gesturing for me to walk with him away from the group.
Up on the quarterdeck, the Captain leans on the rail and lets out a long breath. “Look, Clay. It’s not only news of the promotion that was relayed to me from the Admiral.” It takes him a second to think before speaking. Whatever it is – it’s significant. “Someone confessed to killing Clayton Wade,” he continues, standing upright and looking around before finding my eyes.
I don’t know what to say. Would they promote me and send me to jail all in the same day?
“They’re dropping the investigation. All of it. It turns out,” he continues, giving a light shrug of the shoulders, “that Admiral Reid, quote, ‘doesn’t have time for piss ant pencil pushers to be harassing his fighting heroes.’”
I let out a huff, looking around with hands on my hips as the stars slowly pass by. “Sir, how…” I begin, knowing the Captain just wants me to shut up. He raises a hand and makes a face.
“I got it,” he tells me. “You’re Commander Clayton Wade. And that’s the end of it, understood?”
“Aye, Sir,” I capitulate. “Understood.”
We stand there on the deck, overlooking the Officers setting to work before Isaac makes his way up the quarterdeck. After going over some plans on what comes next, we pretend things are back to normal. We should focus on our work. That’s what we told ourselves in order to deal with such situations. After issuing his orders, the Captain prepares to make for his next task.
“Gentlemen,” he offers. “Commanders.”
We salute as he returns the same, leaving his two Commanders to go over what’s next. Though the situation feels quite different, I have a strange feeling that it wasn’t as such.
Officer Exchange Aboard the Argo; Edge of the Tulvera Quadrant – Near Allied Space
With high-pitched screeches of the whistle, the 48-gun Argo remains at idle as the 74 gun Radiant Shallows slowly approaches. With both vessels lined with their crew, Midshipmen at the masts, and Officers on the quarterdeck, we prepare for the exchange.
The bell on the Radiant Shallows rings three times as the Argo responds with a single toll, signifying the acceptance of boarding across both ships. Making our way down the quarterdeck, we welcome the Officers of the Radiant Shallows adorned with their finest uniforms and swords, their Captain, and Leftenants – all three of them – just as glad to see us as we are them. With an offering from our Captain, the Gentlemen join us for dinner in his quarters.
“From here to here,” the ranking Officer of the Radiant Shallows, Captain Nathaniel Edmunson, points out on some charts as the beer begins to do its work in our veins. With all of us crammed in the Captain’s quarters, there’s little room to maneuver such an array of maps in the dim candlelight.
“They’re swinging you out wide,” Captain Decatur notices, his eyes trailing the space that the Radiant Shallows will patrol as the far – very far – left wing of the fleet to serve as a scout.
“Aye,” Captain Edmunson replies, a deep breath and drink, tapping on the glass as he examines and thinks. “All under the diligent watch of our distinguished fighting man, Commander Wade.” They smile and chuckle at my expense, some with raised eyebrows and surprised looks, though all of them knowing it’s a big step for me. Commander Hudson and I exchange glances. He, it appears, is glad he’s not in my shoes.
“It’s you, Sir, who will lead the Shallows to victory,” I retort to my new boss who doesn’t contest my statement. Captain Edmunson, I can tell, is a good man. I liked him from the moment we met.
“Not if the Hinn can do what they did before the onset of our first engagement,” Captain Edmunson says in a serious tone.
“Sir?”
“They knew,” he simply states. “They knew. The whole time we were in the Tulvera Quadrant, they knew. There’s no other explanation. They appeared on our exact location just after we reassembled the right wing of the Fifth to the staggered formation. They were waiting for a change. We changed alright, but much to their dismay it wasn’t a calculated error on our part.”
“And no one knew, Sir?” one of the Shallows’ Leftenant’s asks.
“Someone knew,” Captain Edmunson replies uneasily. “Either way, the Hinn have been one step ahead of us the entire time. The whole time.” It’s quiet for a minute as the words have different effects on us all. We don’t have to believe it, able to dismiss it as naval theology or a half baked guess, but there’s no reason for a man like Captain Edmunson to say such random things. There is some hint of truth in what he says. To what degree, though, no one is sure.
“Well,” Captain Decatur says while lightly raising a glass. “A toast, Captain, to luck on your future ventures and conquests.”
“And to you, Sir,” Captain Edmunson counters, “on your next Captaincy.”
We congratulate and affirm each other’s imminent successes which are yet to be determined. We toast and drink, talk and joke, but eventually our night has to come to an end. Walking out to the deck, the hands of both Nelsonian ships go about their duties before I prepare to disembark the Argo one last time.
“Sir,” I tell my new Captain.
“Commander,” Captain Edmunson answers.
“Some of the men – of the Argo, that is…”
“Yes?”
“I was told I could bring some of the crew along. Trustworthy and fighting men all of them, I assure you, Sir.”
“Of course, Commander,” he insists, looking about the deck.
“Midshipman acting Ensign Liam Hedwick, Sir. If no one else, he must come. I’ve never met a braver man at his station and age.”

Hedwick and a few other trustees accompany me to the Shallows, all of them looking uneasy to leave the Argo, though eager to be a part of the Shallows and her mission. With goodbyes and handshakes, we board our new and larger vessel. 
The ramps withdrawn, whistles blown, and commands called, we ignite the engines and begin our slow ascension from our exchange location.
Taking to the quarterdeck, I give the orders and call on the status of the guns as a form of habit. The Captain takes to his duties as he normally would, Midshipman Hedwick and I exchanging looks from a distance as the young man sets to his new job. For the time being, I keep an eye on the horizon, looking around for Scavengers hiding in the midst…before stealing one last glance at the now derelict Argo.
Allied Buffer Zone – Just Outside the Tulvera Quadrant
Early in the shift of first watch, that’s where I prefer to be. With the sound of a spoon lightly tapping ceramic from the stirs of hot coffee on an otherwise cold quarterdeck in the midst of dark and possibly enemy inhabited space, I stand and await a report from the previous watch.
Standing in the red coat and double epaulettes of the Commander, the double gold band on my cocked hat, I give a tap to the sword hilt attached at my waist. After a couple days of shock from the realization of being the Commander of the Shallows having worn off, I do my best to appear to fit into my new reality.
“Commander Wade, Sir,” Midshipman Hedwick offers with a touch to his tricorn hat. “Good morning, Sir.”
“Evening young Master Hedwick,” I acknowledge before a drink from the hot cup. “Let’s start with the guns, if you would kind Sir.”
After going over the routine shift change, Hedwick stands next to me as I reshuffle the papers and make my own notes. “Something else, Mr. Hedwick?”
Liam clenches his jaw, seeming to focus on an inanimate object somewhere on deck. It is noticeable, however, that it’s not the true focus of his attention. “This new mission, Sir,” he begins, myself allowing him some time to find his thoughts. “I don’t think I was just yet ready to assume such a large deck, especially since my time with Mr. Maury,” he continues in a low voice, briefly making eye contact with myself before feeling the need to tread lightly. “Ever since my time with him was so…brief…maybe I –”
“You’re a promising and dedicated Officer. Dependable and trustworthy. Everything we expect a young Gentlemen to strive for these days which seems in short supply.”
Midshipman Hedwick lets out a small sound of relief, a shy smile coming to his lips while looking over the deck. I give him a light tap on the back and we exchange smirks. A quick salute, and the young lad changes the topic to something more routine.
Descending from the shrouds and finally touching down on the deck, crewman Ruso is met by the Captain awaiting his arrival.
“Sir,” Ruso offers with a salute reciprocated by Captain Edmunson.
“Ruso,” he begins in a friendly tone. “The good Commander,” he says with a half turning gesture my way as Hedwick and I continue our review. “He and Mr. Hedwick, it appears.”
“Oh, aye, Sir,” Ruso states, gesturing our direction. “Leftenant – excuse me, Sir – Commander Wade and Mr. Hedwick are nearly one in the same, Sir. Since the loss of Mr. Maury,” he continues, trying to find the right words. “You’re aware of our loss of Mr. Maury, Sir?”
“I am.”
“Well, young Mr. Hedwick stood up in the late Mr. Maury’s position as deck Ensign, Sir. The Commander, as it was, almost sees Mr. Hedwick as his pupil. Almost like a son, Sir.”
“I see,” the Captain agrees affably. “Thank you, Ruso.”
“Sir,” Ruso quickly says with a salute, resuming his duties about the deck.
Chapter 19
Fifth Fleet Flag Ship Destination – Tulvera Quadrant
“MAKE WAY!” he shouts as those in the long corridor turn to the side, allowing the young Chief to continue his heaving run towards the command center of the Fifth Fleet flagship Destination. They have no clue why he’s in such a hurry, but with a few crumpled papers in hand, they figure it’s urgent enough. A sharp left, the bump of a shoulder and ‘Hey!’ occurs as the unsuspecting victim falls to the hurried Chief’s excise attitude.
Reviewing charts and images on the bridge, Admiral Edward Reid does his best to maintain a face that is not giving way to a weary and nervous previous few days. As the hurried Chief enters the room with calm steps and papers in hand, the Commander and staff can’t help but watch as he gets his controlled words out between heaving breaths.
“Report…Sir…Scavenger…breakthrough.”
As he calmly hands the papers over to Admiral Reid directly, it takes everyone a second to register what the Chief just said. Where? Now? How many?
“Here, Sir,” the operator says while pointing to the chart, plotting the last known position of the breakthrough Scavenger patrol. Yup, there it is, just over the boundary between Allied controlled space and the previously Hinn saturated Tulvera Quadrant.
“Who’s close?” Admiral Reid asks, looking and plotting with the staff on the digital board.
“I’m on it, Sir!” a crewman shouts back, zooming in and clicking on the single ship closest to the last reported position nearly thirty minutes ago.
“Get me a detachment of ships!” Admiral Reid shouts. “Turn us that direction, helmsman. We’re going.”
“Aye, Sir!” he replies, giving power to the massive, modern flagship, sirens ringing throughout, alarming everyone they are on the move – prepare for possible enemy engagement.
“Our escort ships will have to travel slower to keep pace with us, Sir,” the First Mate reports as he reviews the board. “The Scavengers are moving quickly. We have to let the escorts extend forward if they are to even get close to intercepting the Scavengers.”
“Where are they heading?”
“The closest thing in their path is a station, Sir,” the Intelligence Officer reports. “Military station orbiting a staging planet. Looks like,” he continues, bringing up the information. “Ur’Tres, Sir. The station is Ur’Tres Minor.”
“Send the escorts forward as fast as they can go,” Admiral Reid orders. “No one is closer than us currently?”
“One, Sir,” a crewman replies as he taps on a lone ship on the edge of the fleet’s formation. “Recon ship, Sir. Looks like the Radiant Shallows. Nelsonian, Sir – seventy-four guns.”
Enemy Pursuit; Allied Space – 428 Million NM from Ur’Tres
“Hold on, boys!”
The gun crews below deck take a strong hold of whatever’s close as the Shallows picks up speed and begins to make a long and increasingly powerful turn. Her engines begin to pitch with energy flowing through the ship. The radio is alive with chatter as Captain Edmunson calls over the net for Leftenants Hadley and Almire.
With charts under one arm, a pen in my teeth, and a quick finger over the tablet device for the Captain, I tap and plot points on the console while keeping myself steady on the quarterdeck.
“Sir,” Leftenant Hadley offers as Almire follows quickly behind.
“Gentlemen,” I reply, putting on a good show of remaining calm while taking a deep beneath. As the stars rotate around us, a few of the men look around to get a good feel of where we are, where we are going, and what sort of urgency is warranted. Anywhere in the skies they search, they know, we are alone and unafraid on the far ends of the quadrant.
“Any word on the sudden change, Sir?” Leftenant Almire asks, one hand on the quarterdeck rail and an eye to the distant and rotating display of stars.
“The Captain knows,” I reply, finishing some markings and allowing the Captain a few moments on the map device. The Radiant Shallows continues to pick up speed as the power display of the guns continues their slow drain. The Leftenant’s are watching the gun power numbers drop. They don’t say anything, but I can feel what they’re thinking.
“Ok, Gentlemen,” Captain Edmunson finally says amidst the crew’s busy nature, the hum of the engines, and rumbling of the deck. We give the Captain room as there’s no time to assemble in his quarters. We’ll take the update on the quarterdeck, having to talk loudly to overcome the noise created by the Shallows. “Here’s the situation. A remnant of the Hinn formation has broken out across the border into Allied space. There are three vessels, large Scavenger ships, all of them together and traveling at a high rate of speed. We’re the closest vessel in the fleet. Admiral Reid has notified the Ministry, alerting quick reaction vessels closest to the Scavengers. It’s likely we will catch up to them before anyone else.”
He points to the digital map and plots markers to show our concept of movement. “We’ll swing wide at first. I want eyes on the target, and from there we’ll figure out where the rest of Fifth Fleet is located. My intent is to deter them with our presence, but if necessary, we will harass them to cause a delaying action, enabling the rest of the fleet to catch up and help us fight them head on. What are your questions, Gentlemen?”
Taking in the information for the first time, we all have our concerns or doubts, but it’s difficult to form a coherent argument. I look to the estimated Scavenger formation, Ur’Tres Minor on the map, and out to the stars.
“Something to say, Commander?” Captain Edmunson hurriedly asks. It takes me a minute, but I have no choice.
“It’s too close, Sir.”
“Commander?”
“Unless the entire response team is coming from Ur’Tres Minor they won’t make it in time. If we delay from the rear they will still be able to get at least some shots off on the station. There’s just…not enough time, Sir.”
“And your suggestion, then?”
“Swing wide,” I echo the Captain’s sentiments, “but as a direct flank rather than a delaying action. We come in hot and get out in front of the formation.”
“We’d be engaging directly,” Leftenant Almire injects with a slightly concerned look.
“We would,” I agree, eyes going over the digital chart showing the gap between us and the Scavengers slowly closing.
“We weren’t directly part of your flying column idea in the last engagement, Commander,” the Captain says before breathing deeply, thinking, and lamenting what he may have to do. “This…” he continues, all of us wondering what’s going on in his head, “flying column…blind spot…concept,” he states before eyeing me hard. I can feel the fate of the ship pressing down on my shoulders. I know that what I’m about to say commits us all to the void of space if we get it wrong.
“It works, Sir,” I assure him. “I’m positive.”
The Shallows only took part in a segment of the last fight. They gave a couple broadsides to Scavenger ships already struggling to break away. She has been in other engagements with Scavengers, but she was not witness to the breakup of the enemy column formations.
Captain Edmunson adjusts the lines on the digital charts, showing our approach coming in fast to push out in front of the Scavenger formation, just off the nose of the lead ship. This means we and the enemy will likely be taking pieces of each other as we attempt to leap out in front. “Port battery first, obviously.”
“Aye, Sir,” Leftenant Hadley replies.
“Stern guns,” the Captain continues, tapping on the chart. “They’ll be decisive in this. Prepare to roll to starboard, Commander. After that,” he says calmly, standing upright with hands behind his back, “I’ll leave the ship in your good hands, Mr. Wade.”
“Aye, Sir,” I reply, an assuring word before we render a salute and the Captain is away. Turning with a heavy mind and slight lump in my throat as I face the Leftenants, I know there’s some explaining and encouraging to do. No time for drinks the night before the fight – this is happening now.
Enemy Pursuit; Allied Space – Near Ur’Tres
“You should start to see them now, Sir!” the bridge calls out as the edges of our radar begin to pick up a light signature. “They’ll be faint, better viewed in about five minutes, Sir!”
Captain Edmunson stands on the deck with StarScope out, doing his best to switch through the views and capture what would be a small shimmering glimpse of a single ship, not much less three.
“Negative visual,” I say over the Shallows open net, echoing through the anxious gun decks holding tight below. “We’ll see them on the edges soon.”
The ship vibrates and hums, the engines having been bearing down at nearly full speed since the initial reports. No reply comes back over the net. The boys are anxious, the Leftenants nervous, the Midshipmen on edge. There’s no need to leer through a scope at this point, I let the Captain bear that burden.
Passing the distant stars of Allied space, I feel myself forced to watch as we pass a massive red cloud of cosmic dust encapsulating a spiraling galaxy or two. Full sails out, the Shallows radiating under my boots, the colors flap and pop as we deliver seventy-four massive pieces of arsenal at a high rate of speed. At any previous time in my life this would have been nerve racking, anticipatory, and exciting. But for some reason – it isn’t.
Time passes quietly. Nothing happens.
“There!” a voice from the bridge shouts. “Three ships – weak signature – bearing 387.87.22-1! Scavenger, Sir! No Allied ships within terminal hit time!”
My heart sinks as they call out the distance, direction, and speed of the enemy ships. The Captain lowers his scope, sure to have spotted them, as well.
“We’re right on trajectory, Sir,” I assure him as he joins me on the quarterdeck. “We’re still able to swing wide and get a broadside as planned, but we’re going to have to come in very fast, Sir – like screaming fast.”
“Guns at no less than eighty eight,” he orders, adjusting his coat and taking a firm stand on the quarterdeck. “Get us in there, Commander. One solid swipe.”
“Aye, Sir.” With a salute to the Captain, he is away to hop on the net with the Ministry and get a status on any nearby Allied ships, but I’m positive I already know the answer to that. The radio is squelching away on three different channels, all of them calling in status reports and the like, but none of that matters to me now.
“Guns max at eighty eight!” I call over the radio to the gun deck below. “We’re coming in hot – rear guns max ninety seven.” I know the boys on the guns don’t want to hear anything below ninety two percent power. I can hear ghost grumbling already.
“Guns at eighty eight!” the bridge shouts, the lights in the gun deck switching from orange to yellow. A flip and a push on the controls, I switch the power from guns to sails, feeling the ship pull harder and forcing us to hang on tighter.
“Guns ready, Sir!” I shout, an eye between the controls and distant enemy now visible out ahead.
“Ready us, Commander!”
“All guns out!”
The Leftenant’s relay, the men shouting and heaving away as the guns lumber out in all directions around the Shallows. Footsteps echo from below as the Leftenant’s position themselves for the fight. The crews shout out of the gun ports as the heavy beasts of weapons slam and latch into place with vibrations and metal bangs. Ordering the Shallows to swing wider, I press on the controls and override the helmsman, straining every inch of flowing power from the sails to the engines.
“They aren’t moving,” Leftenant Almire reports, watching as the Scavenger patrol keeps its trajectory. “Maybe they don’t see us.”
“They know we’re here, Gentlemen,” I reply, turning my head to see the dark ships in their jagged formation in the near distance as we wheel around. “They either don’t care or are accepting their fate. Either way,” I say in a low voice with my hand on the controls, continuing to press power forward. “Here we go.”
Swinging in hard and coming in hot – bright, white blasts bellow out from all three Scavenger ships toward the Shallows. Beams of light stream out and away into space behind, below, above, and in front of the Shallows’ path. 
Continuing to strain the engines and haul us into position, the boys do a good job and hold tight to the lanyards as the Scavenger’s blasts echo and thunder through space.
The Shallows vibrates and hesitates as the distant beams of light come near or impact our tough hull. Their rounds at this distance do little more than cause a nuisance, spraying occasional remnants of heat through the rigging and sail without much effect.
Closer now, the helmsman turns us to the Scavengers remaining on their current course, continuing to blast away in all directions around us. Their shots are nearly blinding, lighting up the Shallows in an array of heat that illuminates us like an erratic star hurling through space. Scavenger blasts switch between massive beams to small, rapid, and space consuming shot. We’re getting close, though it’s irregular they switched so soon to rapid shot. The sky fills with quick and successive bursts of white energy in all directions.
“Hold on, boys!” I shout over the radio, turning and rotating the Shallows in a slow and barreling roll as we continue our course. The men shout and call from below, the sounds of loose items banging from within the deck as our engines strain. The shower of bright white blasts from the enemy follow us as we move, doing a damn fine job of tearing holes in our sails and ripping away rigging.
Someone shouts. Another screams. The Shallows continues her massive roll and closes the gap between us and the enemy. Like a spray of bullets pinging against metal, some penetrating through, the enemy sticks us with pieces of blasts beginning to tear and rip into the Shallows. Bright lights from nearby stars flash through the open gun ports and create a long rotating shadow across the top deck, all of us holding on while the enemy’s rounds threaten to end our trip prematurely. They’re firing hard at us relentlessly, tirelessly, still continuing along their path. Pieces of the Shallows are beginning to tear away and fly out at the enemy – we’re beginning to lose power.
I suddenly have the human sense that we are all about to die.
“FIRE!” a Leftenant shouts from below, the port guns creating a deafening racket as the Shallows slows momentarily from the blast, shifting sideways in space as the engines try to keep up. The helmsman holds on tight to the wheel, giving a grunting scream as we continue our relentless roll about the enemy.
Pieces of the lead Scavenger ship break away in a spray of burning, dark hull, all three ships firing in every which way to get a shot off on us. They simply don’t care – they think they’ll rip us apart in short order.
The Shallows bucks as heavy white rounds escape the Scavengers, ripping a hole in our side  as we rotate around. Pieces of us and the enemy mix as the rear Scavenger ships fly through the debris. We’re close, almost too close, but we’re not done rotating to get out in front. Looking up, the lead Scavenger ship passes into view as sporadic shots burn through our sails and land on deck. All around us are pieces – deck, blasts, rigging, sail, and men – all of us just holding on and praying. There’s nothing else we can do but to keep going and hold on tight.
The helmsman releases the wheel and the Shallows violently begins to right, sending debris rolling along the deck, pieces of shrouds flailing about into space, and sails flapping hard to catch any solar power they can. Pressing hard on the controls, I keep my head down and try to see out the back, blasts from the enemy continuing to spray everywhere as we gain the front of their formation. The two rearward Scavengers appear to begin moving out of the way, but it’s too late.
“FIRE!” a Leftenant shouts, the rearward facing guns ripping out the back of the Shallows in a display of dark blue blasts nearly point blank at the lead Scavenger. All four rounds rip directly into the bow of the enemy, detonating within the Scavenger ship and sending the Shallows lurching up and forward, enemy pieces and fire reining out in front of us and amongst the two ships following her.
“UP AND OUT!” I shout to the helmsman, power shifting from sails to guns, allowing our reduced speed to get us to turn hard, the draining power from the expended guns slowing us enough to bring us about.
The Shallows turns hard to starboard, loose sails and rigging shifting and slapping off mast and deck. Guns can be heard slamming one way or another as some are damaged.
Men shout, Officers give commands.
“FIRE!” Leftenant Hadley orders, sending an array of green and white blasts into the second Scavenger ship. She does her best to return fire, some of it accurately, but there’s little hope. She takes the heavy hits and burns, trying to escape as the lead ship is now a mess of pieces falling into the abyss. The second Scavenger ship continues her escape, the third ship diving hard and blasting away, though unscathed, making a desperate attempt to retreat.
They’re nearly blind now – all three of them – only the rear Scavenger ship making any concerted effort to get some rounds off and pull away. The Shallows struggles, the men hold on, and the Captain takes account of the damage. Still powering along, the Shallows continues a wide sweep, all three Scavengers now in a world of hurt.
“Back, Commander!” the Captain shouts, causing me to express a short bout of confusion.
“Sir!?”
“Back!” he echoes with a stern voice while holding onto the quarterdeck rail. “Create distance, Commander. We’ll stay on them but take stock of what’s left.”
With a half hearted shout I give the order, the Shallows reducing her steep turn and giving our enemy some liberty to maneuver. A bright light glimmers in the distance – the Ur’Tres Minor Space Port – just on the edge of the quadrant and orbiting her host planet.
“Radiant Shallows – this is the Voltetra Squadron,” the lead ship calls over the net, bringing along with him five fighters rapidly approaching our latest scene of destruction. Red and yellow burning pieces continue flying in all directions, the Radiant Shallows continuing its turn though slower, a few loose sails flapping as holes are visible in her hull.
“Roger, Voltetra – Radiant Shallows. Tracking your approach. We’ll have to follow your lead.”
Continuing to round out our maneuver, we keep all working guns out and take stock of our losses. We remain at our posts, those who weren’t killed or injured, and prepare for any counteroffensive, but it appears one isn’t likely to occur.
“That’s it, then,” Captain Edmunson says calmly, doing his damnedest not to seem too pissed off that his ship was just shot to pieces. “It does seem, Commander,” he begins as he takes note of the discussion over the radio, the stars out in the distance, and the rapid fly-by of the fighter sortie, “that you may have changed the direction of the war.”
“But?…Sir?”
“But it also appears,” he continues with slight tilts of his head, “that you are determined to hold some sort of record for the least number of engagements aboard a Nelsonian before she heads to maintenance.” The engines of the Shallows continue pushing us along, though noticeably struggling. Tips and pieces of mast are missing. The sails, though most remain intact, are still susceptible to withering enemy fire as only disposed by the Scavengers.
“Right you are, Sir,” I reply in a calm and low voice, noting the lone, unscathed Scavenger doing its best to get away from the rapidly approaching fighters – it seems she won’t get the chance.
The Captain doesn’t agree, just takes that stubborn deep breath. “Begin recovery,” he orders in an official voice. “And good job, Commander. Damn fine sailing.”
“Aye, Sir. Recovery.”
For the next twelve hours we do our best to ensure the Shallows isn’t about to fall apart mid-sail on the short trip to the Ur’Tres Minor Space Port. With two Scavengers put out of commission and the other left to the fate of eager fighter pilots – our job for this mission is overwhelmingly determined complete.
Chapter 20
Wade Estate; Bulford Stocks Outskirts – Planet Thera
It’s warm this morning, more so than usual for this time of year, the glowing sun slipping past thin drapes behind the open windows. She isn’t terribly surprised when she opens her eyes and props herself up on one arm, looking around the empty sheets in the large bedroom. Taking a moment for herself, she slips her long legs out from the sheets, steps lightly on the floor, and does what she does most mornings – try to find him.
Down the staircase and across the marble floors, she makes her way into the kitchen wearing one of his long shirts falling just below her hips. Half of the coffee pot’s contents are gone – so is his cup – undeniable evidence he’s around here somewhere.
With a fresh cup and a hand through her dark hair, Audrey follows his trail to the large patio where he sits most mornings. A small table for two with a garden wrapping around the yard, flowers flowing over the banister, Clay sits with coffee in one hand and a newspaper in the other. It’s difficult to contain her smirk, but watching him sit in his uniform with that small scowl on his brow is so typical of him.
“They publish that stuff electronically, you know,” Audrey says lightly, entertaining herself on how cliché this man is.
“It’s tradition,” I say unconvincingly, refraining from looking away before I finish the column.
“It’s old.”
“You’re old.”
“Your ship’s old,” Audrey smirks.
“Your –” I begin before looking to her as she takes a seat across the small table, adjusting the shirt for a quick look before covering it back up. Her raised eyebrow tells me to choose my next words very carefully. “Everything I ever wanted.”
“I thought so,” Audrey murmurs, claiming her small victories where she can. Sitting back in the chair and overlooking the garden of the small estate, its tall columns reaching above the second story, the sun warms her and the patio, kissing her skin as it would darken her complexion though it isn’t necessary. She drinks easily and watches nothing in particular in the garden, listening to the birds before the toll of three bells echoes from distance.
“The Pulpit,” I tell her, flipping to another page and checking my pocket watch to confirm. “She’s late.” Tracking the punctuality of supply ships is a sort of faux hobby.
Audrey makes a sound like she really cares, but it’s just something she does when I tell her these things. “You’re not leaving early, are you?” Another drink before brushing hair from her face, she’s honestly concerned about what my reply may be.
“No,” I answer coldly, setting down the paper. Admiral Reid is to make another star, apparently. The column doesn’t say when, but it’s likely Audrey and I will be in attendance for the affair. Taking up the nearly empty coffee cup, I let out a deep breath as the feeling of our reunion wasn’t nearly long enough since we made port on Thera proper.
“So,” she says slyly, a small grin coming to her face. “We have some time, then?”
It’s impossible not to give into her, a light chuckle escaping me. “Yeah,” I agree, lightly bobbing my head as she has already risen and is reaching for my hand. “We have time.”
I slide my chair back and make room before Audrey slides in and sits on my lap with total disregard for myself to have any space to maneuver. I trail a hand up her thigh before she smacks down on it, but it does make her move out of the way a little bit.
“Still no word on being released from the fleet?” she asks while taking a drink.
“No,” I tell her again. “Soon, though. I’m sure.”
Audrey sets her coffee down and takes up mine as I give a semblance of protest. “Stop it,” she counters. “Mine’s still too hot. I’m commandeering this one. You’re familiar with being a commandeer, aren’t you? Don’t look surprised.”
“Commander,” I mutter as Audrey makes a sound like she really cares, a raised eyebrow as she drinks and eyes the sky. There aren’t any ships this morning as things have really calmed down over the last several weeks.
Since our engagement with the breakthrough Scavenger ships, the Alliance has not seen any real activity from the enemy, not much less heard anything about a surviving Hinn coalition. Fifth Fleet continues to patrol along both sides of the border, but only after we had set chase to remnants of the Hinn further than the Alliance would typically travel.
The Halberg Alliance isn’t fully restored, but Fifth Fleet’s victory in their major and successive engagements gave confidence that the Alliance really is as powerful as we touted it to be. Thera has remained the hub of Halberg talks and negotiations as more and more ships arrive to discuss the difficult terms of participation. Everyone remains weary of a formal war breaking out, but few believe it actually will.
Effectively, the border between Allied Space and the Tulvera Quadrant has remained very much the same as it was before the conflict. It’s true that we can navigate some ways within the quadrant, but there’s just not much to patrol. To say that the Scavengers have all disappeared would be a fantasy – they’re still out there. To be sure, though, no sightings have occurred in or around Allied Space. So for now we keep a vigilant eye.
The Shallows takes part in regular patrolling along the border, but these are more a show of force than the active pursuit of Scavengers. The days of convoy security patrols like those on the Argo appear to be over, a time when Scavengers were bold enough to slip into the routes and harass with impunity. No one believes those days won’t return, but for now they are definitely on the out.
There are rumors that the Shallows will be released from our present duty and put on singular local patrol. This would enable me to come back to our home on Thera more often and for longer stretches of time, which is Audrey’s only real concern at the moment. That, and trying to get me not to notice she just finished my coffee and took up her own.
Embarkation; Pre-Launch Operations at Comdor Docks – Planet Thera
Clamoring and pulling along the port streets, the horses fuss as the carriage comes to a stop amongst the busy crowd of comers and goers. Shadows are cast along the docks as mostly Nelsonian ships float effortlessly above, their massive hulls exposed as tips of masts reach over their sides.
“Sir,” a footman says as he opens the door. With a hand to her, I help Audrey out of the carriage, her dress dragging behind as she fiddles with her hat upon a successful landing. Placing cocked hat on my head and looking about, I tap the sword hilt on my waist as a form of habit after squeezing out of those damned things. A nod to the footman, myself pointing out the Radiant Shallows before they carry the bags toward her, Audrey takes my arm and pulls me close. I’m normally in a hurry to get off the docks, but with her here I didn’t have any choice in the matter.
Bells from decks, whistles of Captain’s Calls, flaps between sails, and hums behind engines fill the air amidst people, vehicles, and low flying ships having already cast off. Audrey talks about everyday things to avoid the topic that she is seeing me off – again. Arriving at the Shallows, Audrey turns me as she fiddles with the buttons on my coat, turning them to face upright so the anchors aren’t upside down. It’s her obsessive-compulsive habit anytime she isn’t being rushed.
Audrey is quiet before remembering. “Oh, right,” she says as she reaches for my hat. Removing a purple cockade from her clutch, she undoes the strap on my hat and attaches it with a dim smirk before doing her best to return it.
“Purple?” I ask, watching her look to its new location.
“Yeah,” she says, running her hands under my coat lapel before fiddling with a shoulder board on the red coat. “It looks better than I thought it would, actually.” She gives a little laugh, but she’s avoiding.
I reach and touch her arm, watching her face focus on the coat.
“Come back to me,” she whispers in a thin voice.
A touch to her chin, raising her face so I can see more than the brim of her hat, she closes her eyes as she grants me a kiss – or a few – as we hold onto this moment together. Just as previous times like this, her kiss is always like our first – honest, sincere, and afraid for our future. With professions of love having come to an end, it’s time to go.
“LOOSE – SAILS!” the First Mate calls as the Radiant Shallows ends its slow reversal from the crowded dock and begins to slowly make way. Sails fall into place, the engines pick up power, and the deck rumbles below us as the high-pitched whistle sounds its screeching call. Three tolls of the bell for the Captain – and we’re away.
Rising higher and higher into the atmosphere with sails out, the Captain dismisses the Officers from the quarterdeck, a deep breath as he always does when we first make from port, a prominent order given which is always welcomed.
“Take us out, Commander. The ship is yours. Notify me when we hit the Vesteel Line.”
“Aye, Sir. The Vesteel.”
A touch to the brim of my hat and a nod to the Captain, he returns the same before being off to his duties as we break through the clouds and are encapsulated by the cosmos around Thera, following the bright Regor Star as Sailors have done for thousands of years.
