Wanted

Terry Compton


Published by Terry Compton at Smashwords

Copyright 2014 Terry Compton

Cover images courtesy of Zoom-zoom | Jeffreystudio | Dreamstime.com

Cover by Terry Compton



Josh Gunn detests space pirates.  He hunts them down and brings them to justice – one way or another.  When he and his android partner Cherry Kang close in on one of the worst, the fireworks start.  After the big explosion, they wake up in a different galaxy with their spaceship crashed on an asteroid and shot to smithereens.  When they get a derelict spaceship ready to fly with parts from their ruined ship and escape, Josh finds something he hates worse than pirates.  Josh Gunn and Cherry Kang intend to hunt every last one of them down and make sure they pay.


Smashwords Edition

This is a work of fiction. All characters or incidents are a figment of the author's imagination and any resemblance to any incident or any person living or dead is purely coincidental.


Chapter 1


A soft bump and scrape brought the man's eyes open.  He lay quietly in the dark listening.  The noise and vibration came again.  His right hand reached for the blaster near his head.  Feeling nothing, he moved his hand around exploring.  It met only the cool smooth surface of the deck, covered in bits of insulation from the ceiling.
An electrical spark to his left lit the room for an instant.  In that second, he saw chaos.  A seat ripped from its mountings, holes in the interior walls, smoking panels and something lying across his legs.  He tried to move but sharp pain made him lay still.
Another bump and scrape brought a flash of sparks, showing him more of the cockpit.  A wet, sticky puddle on the deck next to him gave off the coppery odor of blood.  At the next bump and scrape, the instrument panel lights dimly illuminated.  In the flickering half-light, he saw the exposed bulkhead and the collapsed wall that trapped his legs.
The next bump produced a long screech as the hull of the spaceship scraped across something.  The vibrations felt like a saw going through his legs.  He bit his lip to keep from screaming.
Concentrating, he tried to mentally reach the ship's computer.  Nothing but silence greeted his efforts.  His voice came out as a fear-choked croak when he said, "Computer, can you hear me?"
The fog in his brain cleared a little.  He remembered there should be someone else here in the cockpit.  Who?  As he thought of that, he tried to remember who he was.  Struggling to touch the memory, just out of reach, brought piercing pains to his head.  His vision narrowed to a small tunnel.  Nausea washed over him.
"Got to get up.  Something's not right.  Danger.  I feel danger."
A crash and the shriek of tortured metal transmitted to his legs.  The intense pain made him pass out.
When he woke again, the tunnel vision had disappeared.  The light in the cockpit was a little brighter also.  He could see junk drifting in the air -- a metal rib from the wall, chunks of insulation, globs of blood, the other seat and bits of the wall.
Glancing down, he studied the wall holding his legs.  The bulkhead had bent, collapsing the partition at the back of the cockpit and the one across the hall.  He stared at the crease in the hull.
The terror of the situation made him speak out loud to make sure he was still alive, "Something really whacked us to do that much damage.  With all this junk floating, I'm sure we lost our gravity compensator.  I wonder how big an air leak we have."
A tenor voice said, "Josh Gunn, are you talking to yourself?  Where are you?"
A flash of recognition jarred his memory, "Cherry Kang, is that you?  Come get me out of here.  I'm stuck under the wall.  That bulkhead doesn't look too good either."
"Are you talking about the rear cockpit partition?"
"Yes, hurry up.  I think my legs are broken or something.  I must have cut my head, too.  There's blood all over here."
"I can't.  My right arm is jammed under the same divider.  It's bent and I can't move my hand."
"Listen, you pile of nuts and bolts.  Androids are ambidextrous.  Use your left arm to pry up the wall.  Every time we scrape or bump, if feels like something's tearing my legs off.  Quit messing around.  Get over here."
"I told you, I can't move.  I'm lying face down and my arm is pinned.  I can't reach the wall to move it."
Josh Gunn squirmed to his left.  The pressure on his legs made him wince in pain.  Straining his neck, he could see the bottom half of the android.  The blue skin looked paler than usual but he didn't know if it was the light or a malfunction.  The little glowing pin-points under his skin looked like little stars in the sky except these brilliant dots were a sickly yellow-green.
"Cherry, your lights look different.  They're– ah puke green.  I've never seen them like that."
"You're right.  I don't know what's going on."
"What happened?  Do you remember?"
"We were in a fight with those pirates with the big bounty.  They had some friends who surprised us.  Does any of that sound familiar?"
"No, until you said my name, I didn't even know it.  Can you connect to the computer?  I tried by ESP and voice, but didn't get a thing."
After a few seconds of silence, Cherry said, "I can't connect mentally either.  I can't feel any of the normal connections to the ship."
"They must have really hammered us.  The good news is that they stopped shooting.  We must have put them out of commission."
"Maybe.  Maybe they are just waiting for signs of life or maybe they know we can't go anywhere and are leaving us to die a slow death."
"Ha!  Cheerful sort, aren't you?  You don't have as much to worry about as I do.  How much blood have I lost?  Are my legs cut off and I'm slowly bleeding to death?  How long can you survive without air or food?"
"I can go into hibernation and last for several years."
Josh relaxed back into a more comfortable position.  He looked around to see if he could find any tools.  A loud clang at the top of the bulkhead sent echoes of vibration through the deck, bringing a yelp of pain.  The junk hanging in the air started moving.
He reached for the metal rib from the wall.  It remained just out of his reach.  Another object hit the outside of the spaceship.  Josh asked, "Do you think they're shooting at us again?"
"No, that's just debris hitting the outside.  I'm still trying to figure out what we've been scraping against.  I just hope it's not the pirate's spaceship.  If it is, it will mean they're boarding us."
"You know, you're just one big ray of sunshine.  You could have kept that information to yourself."
"I'm just stating facts."
Josh snorted, "Well, how about this fact?  They'll shoot me or if they want me to die slowly, leave me here and punch a hole in the hull.  You on the other hand will be reclaimed.  Your little bitty brain will be erased and reprogrammed."
"That's not possible.  I keep telling you my brain is organic.  They'll destroy it if they try reprogramming.  Besides, they won't have the technology."
"Are you sure?  They've been stealing a lot of high tech stuff lately.  They'll try something.  I don't think they care if they destroy you."
Cherry grunted as he tried to move again.  When nothing shifted, he said, "I suggest we find a way to get out of here so we can face them."
"I'm open to suggestions."
"Can you reach anything to use as a pry bar?"
Josh looked around again.  The metal rib had drifted a little closer.  He stretched for all he was worth but still couldn't reach it.  Three rapid thumps on the hull reverberated through his legs.  Gasping in pain, he laid back.
Cherry anxiously asked, "Josh, are you all right?"
"NO!  My legs hurt, my head hurts and I'm hungry."
"How can you think of food at a time like this?"
"Who said I'm thinking of food?  I'm just hungry.  I see a metal rib floating just out of my reach."
"Use something to extend your reach."
Slapping his fist against the floor, Josh said, "Now why didn't I think of that?  I'll just use the tractor beam in my pocket."
Cherry groaned, "I hate it when you get sarcastic.  Look for something in the air or on the deck.  Can you use it to reach farther than your arm?"
A bigger bump sent a sharp tremor through the entire ship, making Josh pass out from the pain.  When he came to, he heard Cherry muttering, "Stupid human.  Just like him to die and leave me stuck here to face the pirates.  The least he could have done would have been to get that rib to me."
The next clang and vibration to the wall on his legs brought a groan from Josh.  Cherry shouted, "Josh, are you still alive?  Can you hear me?"
"I hear you.  What are the pirates doing?  Why do they keep smashing into us?"
"I don't think its pirates.  Anyway, it doesn't matter.  I hear a pinhole air leak."
"I don't hear anything."
"It's a very small hole and very high pitched.  It may be beyond human hearing."
Josh strained again to reach the metal rib.  It floated a fraction of an inch beyond his fingers.  Lying back down, he looked around to see if he could find anything to use to bring it closer.  A chunk of insulation lay to his right.  Scrabbling around, he touched it.
With a little more effort, he pulled it to him.  Groggy with pain, he tried to move too quickly.  The insulation hit the metal bumping it farther away.  Josh laid back with a moan.  Cherry asked, "What is it?"
"I moved the rib away instead of closer."
The metal now floated about a foot beyond his reach.  Josh looked again for something to use to extend his reach.  One sleeve of his shirt had ripped at the shoulder seam.  He gave it a tug to see if it would rip some more.
In a few moments, he had it off.  The effort made sweat break out.  He lay on the deck for several seconds before he tried for the rib again.  His first throw missed.  Gathering the material, he threw it again.
The end of the sleeve flew above the metal rib.  It hung in the air for a brief moment, then started moving down.  When it touched the metal, the cuff kept moving.  Josh timed the tug as the cuff hit the sleeve.
The material slipped off the rib, but the slight pressure made it move toward Josh.  He quickly pulled the sleeve back next to him, then held his hand out to catch the metal.  When it slapped into his palm, he yelled, "I've got it.  Just a second and I'll have this wall off of me.  Then I can get you free."
Cherry shouted, "NO!  Don't do it, Josh.  I don't know how long we've been here.  My clock says that I've been conscious for fifteen minutes.  How long were we unconscious?  Look at the blood you were talking about.  Is it coagulated any?"
"I don't know.  It's not bright red – more dark."
"If any of that comes from your legs, you could have some blood clotted in them.  If you release the pressure, those clots will go straight to your heart.  You'd be dead before you could get me free."
Jake paused, "So what do we do?"
Cherry said, "I've got to get free first.  I can get things ready to do first aid, then set you free."
"Oh, man, this is going to be awkward.  You can't pry the way you're laying and I don't know how much muscle I can put in it."
"Just try it."
Josh reached around to see if he could wedge the metal rib under the section of wall pinning Cherry.  The rib had a curve to it, so he could only get it in one way.  He had to sit up and lean on one elbow while he worked the metal with the other hand.
Thumps of something hitting the outer hull almost made him drop it.  He said, "That hurts.  Every time something hits, I can feel it in my legs."
Pulling down on the rib, he felt something move but he couldn't tell if it was the wall or the rib giving.  Grunting, he put more pressure on.  Cherry said, "I can feel it moving.  Just a little more."
A large object thumped the hull sending a distinctive clang and vibration through the deck.  Josh jerked in pain.  Cherry yelled, "I'm free.  Oh no, look at my arm."
He scrambled to his feet to find Josh had passed out again.  Looking at his right forearm, he saw a big bend.  His hand stuck out like it was ready to give a high five.  Concentrating, he tried to move it.  Nothing happened.
Wedging the arm under the wall that held Josh, he tried to straighten it a little with no luck.  He dropped to his knee to check his partner.  The life signs were weak and thready.  The increase of air leaking out snapped his attention to the ceiling.
Rising, he rushed back toward the tool chest.  When he came to a shield across the passageway, he hesitated.  Cherry checked his monitors to see that the air would still support human life and his.  As he pushed his good arm through the shield, the monitors on it showed no atmosphere.
Taking several deep breaths to oxygenate his brain, he muttered to himself, "It's a good thing I'm an android and can function in zero atmosphere for a few minutes.  Otherwise, Josh and I would be dead in a short time.  I've got to get something to seal that leak and then get medical supplies to stabilize Josh."
With the last deep breath, he held it and plunged through.  The carnage in the back of the spaceship shocked him but he kept moving.  Holes were punched clear through the vessel.  Areas around the entrance and exit wounds were blackened from the plasma burns.  From a quick glance, he didn't think this ship would ever fly again.
A minute later, he opened the locker beside the airlock.  Jerking out his breathing apparatus, he put it on.  As he made his way back to the tool locker, he took more time to survey the damage.  He shook his head in dismay.
Cherry stopped at one of the holes in the fuselage.  Looking out, he could see the brilliant stars shining in the distance.  Up closer, he saw chunks of rocks from the size of his fist to the size of the spaceship.
A clang reverberated through the ship when one of them hit the hull.  The urgency of their predicament brought him back.  Rushing to the tool storage, he grabbed some sealer and headed to the cockpit.
A quick check showed Josh still unconscious.  Cherry took off his breathing apparatus and focused on the air leak.  They couldn't afford to lose any air right now.  His eyes caught the movement of smoke.  The scorched wires gave off a wisp of gray that floated in the air.  Some of it moved toward the ceiling.
Following the movement, he spotted three places it seemed attracted to.  Kicking one of the ripped out pilot's seats underneath the first spot, he stood on it to inspect the area.  Using his left hand, he spread the special compound on the pinhole.
The smoke stopped moving in that direction.  Moving on, he soon fixed the other two.  He sat the tube down next to the collapsed wall.  Josh moaned so he checked on him again.  His vitals were about the same.  Cherry crawled to the wall to check his legs.
He muttered more to himself than anything, "Josh, I don't like this.  You've got too much pressure on your legs.  I can't just release them.  I've got to get the healer unit before I do anything more.  Hold on, buddy."
Turning, he put on his breathing apparatus again then hurried to get the healer unit.  The door to the room was blocked with debris.  It took several minutes to get it cleared with one arm.  Inside he grabbed the unit, some splints and other first aid supplies.  His stars pulsed a deep pink as he worried about his friend.
Back in the cockpit, he attached the healer unit.  It showed two broken legs.  The right one had a broken tibia and the left had the fibula fractured.  His pelvis also had a hairline crack.  The machine detected some blood clots in the leg, along with a cut on the back of the head and a slight concussion.
After bandaging his head, the android said, "Josh, this is not good.  I'm going to try to get this pressure cuff on both of your legs."
Cherry struggled for several minutes but couldn't reach the proper place on Josh's legs.  He went back to the tool storage to get some cutting equipment.  The continual thumps, clangs and bangs reminded him they were in some sort of asteroid field.
Returning to the cockpit, he checked his repairs.  They seemed to be holding.  Cherry stepped down to tend to Josh.  His breathing and color were better.  The healing unit was doing its job.
Twenty minutes later, he had a section of the wall cut off of Josh.  With the compression cuffs on his upper legs, Cherry started trying to get the rest of the wall off of him.  The damaged arm slowed him down.
When he had him free, Cherry checked the healer unit again.  The readout said that Josh needed both legs set and then immobilized.  Touching his left little finger to the unit, he accepted the download to tell him how.  After a few seconds, he went back to the room with the first aid supplies.  Gathering up what he needed, he started back but stopped at Josh's quarters.  He picked up blankets and a pillow.
Making Josh comfortable with the blankets and pillow, Cherry then sat down on the deck at Josh's feet.  After mentally running through the steps he would have to do, he laid out the items in the order they would be needed.
Next, he cut off Josh's pant legs above the knee.  Because he couldn't grasp anything with his right arm, he made a sling he could attach to it and Josh's leg.  Once it was ready, he set the right leg and sprayed a cast on it.  Then he did the left.  Josh grunted each time he set a leg or moved him.
When Cherry finished, Josh lay on the blankets white as a ghost.  Cherry worriedly studied the healing unit.  The readout said his friend needed intravenous fluids but Cherry knew they didn't have plasma or equipment to do that.  He went to the galley to retrieve food and drink for when Josh woke up.
Now, all he could do was wait.


Chapter 2


Cherry sat there on the floor watching his friend until another chunk of rock clanged into the hull.  Sparks from the console told him he needed to see what he could do there.  A half hour later, Cherry found the cause of the sparks.  The entire frame of the spaceship had warped.
Using the cutting tools he had brought in to rescue Josh with, he cut the inner frame that held gauges, sensors and other navigational equipment.  Once the wire had been repaired, he hooked the sensors back up.  He tweaked settings as he muttered to himself, "Where are we?  Are there any of the pirates left to come after us?  We weren't in an asteroid field when we were in the battle.  Could a big asteroid have hit us and done this damage?"
After another fifteen minutes, one view screen came on.  The picture twisted to the side, too distorted to make anything out.  Cherry worked with it another ten minutes before he had a clear view of the outside.
He tried to connect with the computer mentally but had no luck.  Shoving his little finger on his left hand into the slot on the console, he made contact.  As directed, the computer switched from sensor to sensor.  Cherry studied each view briefly.
The view to the front showed only black.  Cherry adjusted, but still had the same thing.  On the bottom side of the spaceship, he found the same thing.  Most of the sensors there showed only static.
Switching back to the front, he looked at it closer.  He used his connection to the computer to change to infrared.  Now he could see rock.  Making a few more adjustments, Cherry studied the picture.
The sound of movement behind made him turn.  Josh was moving, trying to sit up.  Cherry said, "Don't.  Your legs are broken.  I've set them and put them in a cast, but the healer unit says you have to stay still for a few days."
Josh laid back down, "How many days?"
"It doesn't give me a time.  I guess it depends on how your body heals.  Here, have some drink and soup.  The unit said you needed intravenous fluids but I didn't think slitting your wrists and dumping it in would work."
"Yeah, I wouldn't get to taste it.  What's that?"
"I stopped the fireworks under the dash.  I'm pretty sure the entire ship is twisted.  That's the view out the front."
"What is it?"
"It appears you flew nose first into a big rock.  All those noises you have been hearing —"  A clang on the hull interrupted him.  "And are hearing may be pieces you blasted off."
Josh shook his head no, "There wasn't anything like that even close.  How could I fly into it in empty space?"
"I don't know, bucko.  I'm just reporting facts."
"Well, give me the facts on the rest of the ship."
"The back's a mess.  I don't think we'll ever fly this vessel again."
"You'd better call our insurance company and get us a lift out of here."
Cherry looked at his friend, "No, I haven't had a chance to scan the area.  If we've lost the pirates, I don't want to tell them where we are until we can defend ourselves."
"What do the other views show?"
"Empty space except for the asteroids drifting around us."
"Asteroids!  Where did they come from?  You can look back at our recordings.  There was nothing there."
"I know, but there is now.  I'd swear we were in an asteroid belt."
Josh lay quietly for a few moments as he thought.  He said, "Switch it to another view.  I want to see what you mean.  I assume you're only using passive sensors right now."
"Yep, I don't want anyone to know there's life on this bird.  As long as we've been sitting here, I expected company to check us out.  Maybe an asteroid swarm came through and got all of us…"
"Yeah, and maybe pigs fly.  Let's just stay passive and silent until we know we're in the clear."
"Josh, what's a pig?  Don't they normally fly?"
"Look it up.  It's too hard to explain."
The picture on the view screen changed.  Both individuals studied it carefully.  Josh said, "Change the spectrum – try infrared, ultraviolet, the works."
The picture changed colors.  Josh asked, "You see anything that looks like a spaceship?  Can you zoom out?"
As the view changed, Cherry said, "I detect nothing but rocks."
"Try some of the other sensors.  Zoom in and out."
Cherry switched sensors.  Each showed empty space with stars shining in the background until they came to the lower side.  Josh exclaimed, "Is that a moon?  Have we crashed on a moon?"
"No, I don't think so.  Maybe an asteroid.  It'll take me a bit to rewire so we can use more of the sensors.  At least we're safe for now."
"Unless the pirates are on the other side of the asteroid looking for us.  We can only see about forty percent."
While Cherry worked on the electronics, Josh ate some of the soup and drank his fill.  The clangs of asteroids hitting the hull didn't cause the pain like they had before but they still bothered his head.  After he had his belly full, he laid back down and soon fell asleep.
Cherry saw his eyes close.  Making his way to Josh, he checked the healer unit.  It didn't show any serious head injury, so he let him sleep.  He went back to the electronics, trying to be as quiet as possible while he worked.
Five hours later, Josh woke up again.  He looked at the view screens.  Two more were working.  He called out, "Cherry, it looks like you're making progress.  How long was I out this time?"
"You slept about five hours.  I've been running scans and I can't find anything to suggest any pirates anywhere around us."
"Better to be safe than sorry.  What have you found so far?"
"It's kind of strange.  I'm not hearing any radio or comm traffic.  I've scanned all the known frequencies.  We had all kinds of signals from Avayal before."
"Are you sure the comm and radio are working?"
"At least on the receiving end.  I haven't tried anything with broadcast.  I think we should wait a bit to make sure we don't have unwelcome company around here."
Josh started to move to get up.  Cherry laughed at his grunt of pain.  He said, "You should listen to me and the healer unit.  Your bones need time to heal.  It's not instantaneous with the equipment we have."
"Yeah, I know.  I just forgot.  I want to punch some buttons.  Do you think you can get the ship's computer to respond to mental commands again?"
"I don't know.  I'm just doing one step at a time.  I've got to get some things running or we'll be out of air in 7.63 hours."
Concern crossed Josh's face, "Maybe you'd better get my spacesuit up here."
"How are we going to get you in — oh, never mind.  I'll go get it."
"Cherry, did you try to launch any remote sensors or detectors?"
"No detectors.  If anyone's around, they would have seen them.  The remote sensors won't launch.  I suspect the outer door is jammed.  The way the frame of this ship is twisted, I'm surprised anything works.  We had to have been hammered in that battle."
Josh thought for a moment, "Go get my suit, then unjam that sensor door.  We need to see what's on the other side of this rock.  If nothing's close, we need to launch a remote detector.  Cherry, you don't think all this debris could be Avayal, do you?"
"I don't have enough data to answer that.  Something happened to silence all the comm and radio traffic from there.  You're right, I need to launch sensors and detectors.  We're blind and we need to be able to see."
While Cherry went for the spacesuit, Josh tried to connect with the computer.  When that failed, he tried to make a mental list of all they needed to do.  The mental activity made his head pound.  He felt his vision narrow to a tunnel.  Only items right in front of him came into focus.
With a groan at the extra pain, Josh pulled the healer unit into view.  He punched a few buttons and his pain started to subside.  The tunnel vision continued as he lay back and closed his eyes.
Cherry lugged the spacesuit back into the cockpit.  Josh's eyes flew open at the commotion.  Cherry said, "I don't know why you couldn't get a shield suit like most of the other humans have.  This thing is awkward….  What's the matter with you?"
"My head hurts.  I'm having — never mind.  My head hurts.  I can't get one of those shield suits because I haven't worked for RTG Enterprises.  Only their employees get those things."
"What else is happening with you?"
"Nothing, just some trouble with my vision."
Cherry dumped the suit in a corner and walked over to the healer unit.  He studied it for several moments.  "This thing says you're trying to do too much.  Lay back and rest.  If your head wasn't so hard, I'd be trying to straighten out this mess by myself."
"If I don't help think, we'll never survive.  Look at this."  He waved his hand at the casts on his legs.  "I'd be up repairing if it weren't for these."
"I can take them off.  Then your legs will look just like this arm.  You won't walk so good in full gravity either."
Josh growled in frustration, "I know but I feel useless laying here.  I want to be doing something."
"For now, get some rest and give your brain a chance to heal.  The healer unit will speed things up but it needs time.  I'm going outside to see if I can launch a couple of remote sensors."
"Don't forget a safety line.  We don't have much gravity here.  If you float off, we're both dead."
Cherry gave him a disgusted look, "I never go outside without backup – even when you're there."
"Honest, it was an accident.  I didn't mean to leave you out there for that long."
"Yeah, right.  I'll just make sure I can get myself back in the airlock, thank you."
As Cherry walked out of the room, Josh closed his eyes and soon drifted into a deep sleep.

Outside the spaceship, Cherry intended to hurry to the sensor launch, but the sight of frozen oxygen hanging outside the ship stopped him.  He muttered, "That might be the difference between getting out of here and dying.  How can I collect that for later use?  I know."
He went back inside and dug through the rubble until he found a shield generator.  Taking it out the airlock, he set it up near the cloud of frozen gas.  Setting the shield as large as possible, he looked all around for any signs of life before turning the generator on.  Cherry nodded in satisfaction when he saw the shield covered the entire ship and most of the air they had lost.
As he looked around, he stopped in surprise.  He saw the nose of the spaceship jammed under the edge of a great land bridge.  A dark object appeared at the edge of his peripheral vision.  Ducking instinctively, he raised his right arm.  Looking up, he saw a large rock half the size of the spaceship bounce off the shield.
Shaking his head at his futile gesture, he hurried to get the sensor door open.  He'd let the sensor look around while he sat safely in the ship.  The sensor door had jammed tighter than what he could open by hand.  After rounding up tools, he came back out to attack it.
It took an hour before the door finally stood open.  Cherry glanced at the huge land bridge.  His eyes calculated that it arched 300 feet high in the middle while having a span of over 1200 feet.  With the dim light from the distant sun, he couldn't tell how wide it was.
Picking up his tools, he went back inside.  In the cockpit, he found Josh awake again.  Cherry asked, "Notice anything different?"
"We aren't getting hit as often."
"Yeah, I set a shield over us.  There's a lot of air just outside the ship.  I figured it might be essential to have it later."
"I'm glad you did it.  That pounding transferred directly to my head.  What else did you see?  Anything in space?"
"No, but I found out what we were scraping against.  We must have been bouncing along an asteroid.  Right now, we're jammed under this huge land bridge.  That's why the front sensors are not seeing anything.  If we'd have drifted ahead another hundred feet, we wouldn't have been hit by any of the other junk out there."
"Do you think we could get Naca in there?"
"Not now, but if she were flying, even you could have flown under that bridge."
"How big is this thing?  How big is the asteroid we're on?"
Cherry told him his estimates on the bridge, then said, "I'll find out how big this rock is in just a minute.  I'm going to launch some sensors."
He plugged his finger back into the computer and soon had four sensors floating in space.  Moving them away from the asteroid, he set them to automatically avoid any debris.  As the picture on the view screens became clearer, Josh said, "Wow, this thing is big.  It looks like a small moon."
"It might look that way this close, but I don't think it is —"
An alarm stopped all talk.  Cherry searched for the reason.  He said, "It's a spaceship."
"Should we hail it?  We could get off this rock."
"Ah – umm – I don't think we should.  It has a strange signature.  I can't find anything like it in the database I can use.  I don't know if they're pirates, friendly or even a new species that hasn't come in contact with the Imperium.  If they are new, how do they react to crippled spaceships?"
"Yeah, I see what you mean.  I don't think we should make ourselves known until we have an idea who are friends and who are foes here.  Speaking of which, where are we?"
Cherry snorted, "Just when have I had time to check?  I've been getting the view screens operational, the computer set back up, patching you up and let's see —"
"I get it.  Just ask the computer to compare the stars around here with our maps."
"The computer's not a hundred percent yet.  I still have to make a few tweaks.  That blast that knocked us out of commission did some damage to it."
"We've got to get a way for me to help.  With everything that needs to be done, it'll take you two years to get half of it finished.  I don't think our air and food will hold out that long."
Cherry sighed, "After I check on that spaceship a little more, see how big this asteroid is and check our air scrubbers, I'll see if I can rig up voice commands for you."
"Then you'll have to figure a way to get me mobile.  I can help with a lot of things even without the use of my legs.  I just need to be able to get there."
With a mutter that Josh didn't understand, Cherry turned back to the spaceship.  After several minutes, he said, "That's strange."
"What?  What is it?"
"Those comm signals.  That language.  If I didn't know better, I'd swear they were ancient."
"What are you talking about, you bucket of bolts?  What's strange about them?  Can you tell if they're friendly?"
"I can't tell a thing.  I'm trying to access some of our database.  I can't get in.  All the stuff on history seems to be missing."
"What do you mean missing?  Did it get wiped?"
"I don't know.  Josh, let me concentrate for a minute."
Josh crossed his arms on his chest.  His eyes narrowed and he opened his mouth to say something but didn't.  Using his arms, he found he could move fairly easily in the lighter gravity.  He shoved himself behind Cherry so he could peer over his shoulder.
He couldn't see anything more from this vantage point, but it made him feel like a part of the team.  After several minutes of concentrating, Cherry turned to talk to Josh again.  He jumped when he saw him right behind him.  The movement shot him to the ceiling where he banged his head.
"Yeow!  That hurts."
"How can a tin can hurt?  What did you find?  Did you find the missing data?  Do you know what that language is?"
Cherry carefully shoved himself back to the deck.  He lit with a clang as his magnetic soles attached to the metal.  "No, I didn't find the data.  I'll try later.  The language sounds like an ancient forerunner of Imperium standard."
"So we're in some backwater solar system that's just getting space flight?"
"No, I didn't say that.  I just said the language and the comm transmissions are strange."
"Well, if they're old and strange, can you suggest anything else?"
"Not reasonably, but space is a big place.  You never know…"
The two stared at each other.  This mystery wouldn't be solved in just a few minutes.  Cherry turned back to the sensor feeds to see if he could measure the asteroid they were marooned on.  After fifteen minutes he said, "This rock is about forty miles by sixty by forty.  It doesn't have the gravity pull for that much mass, so I suspect it is hollow or has something trapped in chambers inside."
"Are we in danger of drifting off?"
"Not as long as our nose is jammed under that bridge and I have the shield up.  It'll keep us here."
Josh rubbed his jaw, "Can you see any more space traffic on the other side?"
"Nope.  I'll set the computer to monitor for it though."
"Where are those pirates?  They couldn't have just disappeared."
"I don't know.  If they're out there, I'll find them."
After half an hour, Cherry said, "I can't see anything metallic.  The only thing close is here on our asteroid.  I'd say it was us but it's much too big.  Of course, it might be an iron or other metal deposit.  That's why you have so many asteroid miners."
"You think we might have hit the mother lode?"
"No, it's not that big."
Josh looked at the data on the view screens.  He said, "For now, we're safe from pirates.  We need to get some of this other stuff taken care of or we'll have more immediate problems.  Can you get the computer to take my voice commands?"
"Yeah, it'll take a few minutes.  What do you have in mind?"
"I can start checking life support systems while you see if you can get some of that air back in this tin can.  It would also be nice if we could expand the useable space to our living quarters and the galley.  This cockpit is going to get awfully small if we have to spend much time here."
Cherry worked on the computer through his finger connection.  After ten minutes he said, "OK, Josh, try some commands."
Josh said, "Bring up the view from sensor four."
The view screen went blank.  Cherry made some more adjustments and Josh tried again.  It took an hour to get most of the control back.  When he finished, Cherry headed to the rear of the ship to expand their usable space.
Josh kept himself balanced on his arms as he checked the life support systems.  He adjusted the air scrubbers and tweaked a few other things.  His legs started to ache, so he laid back down on the blankets on the deck while he continued to check out the ship.  He fell asleep before they were completed.
An hour later he woke to stare at the test results on the view screen.  His aching legs told him he needed to be more careful, even though they were in almost zero gravity.  Checking the remote sensors, he didn't see anything out of the ordinary, so he tried to launch a remote detector.  Flying it away from the asteroid, he found a place to park it.
Now that he could, he set the computer to examine this solar system.  While the computer searched, Cherry came back into the cockpit.  He said, "I've got the shield extended beyond the living quarters.  You'll be able to sleep in your own bed."
"Ha, seems like I haven't had any trouble sleeping here on the floor.  My legs are aching though."
"You need to be somewhere you can elevate them.  What's that?"  He pointed to the view screen.
"I launched a remote detector.  The computer is probing this solar system right now.  That has to be some of the results."
"Something is very wrong.  See that planet?  Look at the primitive radio signals.  I'm not sure they even have space flight.  That can't be Avayal.  Where in the universe are we?"


Chapter 3


When the computer finished the scan, they still didn't know where they were.  All they knew for certain was the space lanes around here appeared almost empty.  They saw a few ion trails but no actual spaceships.
Cherry moved Josh back to his quarters so he would be more comfortable and closer to the galley.  Afterwards, he left to do a thorough damage assessment.  When he finished, he came back to get Josh to take him to the galley.  As they ate, he shared his findings.
"Naca won't fly off of this rock under her own power.  I didn't look outside, but from what I checked, one engine is completely shot and the other is damaged.  Control thrusters need more attention than we can give here."
"Could we maneuver into space and head for that planet with the radio signals?"
"Yes, if we can get out of this asteroid field without being crushed or holed.  The shield is pretty hit and miss.  I don't want to trust my life to it.  Besides, if we got clear, it would take at least a year to get anywhere close to the planet.  Maybe even longer."
Josh took a bite and chewed as he thought.  He swallowed, then asked, "What options does that leave us with?  We can't see any pirates nearby, but that doesn't mean they aren't close."
"I think we should launch another remote detector and fly it closer to that planet.  It would give us a better idea of what we face.  Maybe we can find out where we are.  I'm worried about being defenseless if someone comes looking for us.  You and I have made several enemies over the years."
"Yes, we have.  Any one of them would give a big pile of credits to catch us now.  I wonder…"
Josh's eyes glazed over as he mulled an idea.  Cherry asked, "You wonder what?  We've got to do something.  We have a finite amount of food, water and air."
"So, let me restate the obvious.  We need to be rescued and fairly soon, but we can't just send out a SOS.  We have too many enemies who would like to catch us in just this situation.  We really have no idea where we are, so we can't send for help.  We're going to have to do something completely out of the box."
"That sums it up very nicely."
"Cherry, is the land bridge you described large enough to put the Naca under it?  Can we move her there?"
Looking at his friend to see if the pain might be driving him out of his head, he said, "I told you we could get Naca under it.  As for how, I don't know.  I'd have to see if we can control any of the directional control thrusters.  In theory, we can use them to move us under there with this minimal gravity."
"Then we need to get moved.  Let's do as you suggested and send out another remote detector.  Once we're underneath, disguise everything so we look like a lump of iron to a detector.  Then we can send out a distress signal from the remote detector —"
Cherry exclaimed, "We'd have time to check out anyone coming to the rescue.  If they don't shake out, we'd just lay here.  I would suggest that we move the detector we use deeper into the asteroids to keep anyone from stealing it."
"OK, you go outside to see what we need to do.  I'll take care of the remote detectors.  I'm also going to launch a remote sensor to follow you.  We can keep track through it.  We won't leave any comm frequency tracks either."
Cherry's face didn't change but the color of his glowing pinpoints did.  Josh asked, "What's the matter?  Why are your little lights changing?"
"I just have some doubts about your ability to pilot the one detector deeper into the asteroids.  I don't know why my lights are changing."
"I think they are reflecting your emotions."
"Josh, androids don't have emotions."
Waving his hands at his friend, Josh said, "Those things could have fooled me.  Keep thinking that.  In our spare time, I'd like to play some poker."
"How can humans think of games at a time like this?"
"I'm thinking I can read you now.  I could wind up winning your half of this ship."
"Which is worth nothing right now.  Just what you deserve – half of nothing."
Josh put his thumb on his nose and wiggled his fingers at Cherry, "Go.  I'll get the detector where it needs to be."
Cherry walked out chuckling.  Josh looked for something to throw at him but couldn't find anything.  When he finished eating, he made his way back to his quarters.  His right leg hit the door jamb on his quarters causing him to draw in a sharp breath and wince with pain.  He floated for several minutes before the pain subsided enough to continue to his bunk.
After relaxing in his bunk to let the throbbing ease, he launched a sensor to check where Cherry was.  Seeing him walking into the opening under the land bridge, he used the android to gauge the size of the opening.  He muttered to himself, "Wow, that is big.  If Naca was working, I'd have no problem flying in there.  I wonder what Cherry will find under there."
Programming the sensor to follow Cherry, Josh launched another remote detector.  He set the coordinates for the planet before he flew it out of the asteroids.  Bumping a couple of them on his way out, he muttered, "This is harder to do by voice.  I'm used to being able to drive those things with a joy stick or by mental directions."
Once the detector cleared the asteroids, Josh set it to start searching.  Out of curiosity, he looked back at the asteroids using images in different spectrums.  He marked the asteroid they were stranded on in green.  What he saw shocked him.  The rocks in this cluster had formed into a large triangle that looked like an ice cream cone with the end cut off.  The narrow cutoff end measured about 5,000 miles in diameter while the other end bowed out.  It had a diameter of 50,000 miles.  The shape stretched for 250,000 miles.
Their asteroid sat about midway in the cone and a hundred miles deep.  Hundreds of thousands of rocks of varying sizes swirled in the shape.  Some were the size of small moons while others only showed as dust.
Determining the distance from the sun, he saw that the field would have been a little closer than Mars in the old Earth solar system.  Josh wanted to fly around the asteroids to see what the shape looked like from all sides, but he knew they needed information on the next planet.
Josh started to call Cherry but decided his new-found information could wait.  With the second detector well on its way to the third planet, he turned his attention back to the first one.  Sending a signal from it, he saw on his image from the second detector that it rested near the surface of the cone about five thousand miles from the big end.
Carefully flying it deeper in the formation, he found a space that didn't block its ability to detect spaceships in the solar system.  He did a scan of the composition of the rocks near it.  Most were carbon or silicate based as he expected, but three showed traces of iron, nickel and silver.  One showed a large deposit of a mineral he didn't recognize.  Marking the coordinates, he turned off the scan and cloaked the detector.  It would now take a very clever spaceship captain to ever find it.
The closer the second detector came to the planet, the more radio signals he picked up.  He also spotted lights on the dark side of the planet.  They were very small and had a lot of empty area surrounding them.  Feeding the video into the computer, he tried to compare it to other planets to estimate the population size.  The computer kept giving him error messages saying it couldn't access the database.
Josh gave up and concentrated on the radio signals.  Before he could translate the language, Cherry came rushing in.  His little lights were jumping from red to yellow and back.  Cherry breathlessly said, "Josh, you're not going to believe —"
"Look at this, Cherry.  Have you ever seen anything like it?"
"Later, listen to what I found.  There's a spaceship in there.  I also saw a hole leading into the interior of this asteroid."
"What kind of spaceship?  Is there anyone on board?  Is it pirates?"
"Whoa, give me a chance to answer.  I didn't go close to the ship but it looks abandoned.  It has some exterior damage like it was in a fight."
"It's not the pirates we were fighting, is it?"
"I don't think so.  This ship looks old."
"I need to go see.  Help me get into my spacesuit."
Cherry's lights changed to purple as he stared at him, "And how are you going to get around out there?"
"You can carry me."
"What if someone in that ship doesn't like us and starts shooting?  You alright with me giving you a shove as I exit?  I won't guarantee that you won't shoot straight out into space instead of back here."
"No, but…"
Josh turned the sensor around and sent it back under the bridge.  He switched to infrared and ultraviolet to take advantage of any natural light.  Using the voice commands made the sensor waver up and down as well as side to side.
Cherry said, "Wait, you're making me seasick.  Let me do it."
He walked to a small desk and inserted his finger into a slot.  The view from the sensor steadied.  Cherry worked it closer to the ship.  As he did, he used all the scanners built into the device.
Josh said, "I'm not seeing any sign of life or power.  That ship looks like it's completely dead.  I'll bet if there's any air in that thing you'd still have to use breathers."
"Just wait.  I want to fully inspect it."
Cherry guided the sensor to the nose and then to the other side.  Scorch marks covered the back third of the ship.  A hole in the hull became visible.  Cherry zoomed in on the hole, but didn't go near it.
Josh said, "I think you could fly the sensor in there.  We could see what the inside of that thing looks like."
"Not yet.  I want to map everything on the outside first.  I've never seen anything like this ship.  I just wish the database wasn't corrupted so we could run a comparison."
"Do you think we could get it to fly?  I wonder who left it here.  How big is it?  That thing looks wicked just sitting there on the ground."
"To start answering your endless questions, I have no idea if that machine will fly.  Since I have no database, I haven't a clue about its origin.  As for how big, its 250 feet long, about 75 feet in diameter.  Those wings are 100 feet long on each side, 75 feet thick at the base and tapers to 15 at the ends.  The engines are 25 feet in diameter and are 50 feet long."
"It looks like there are parts missing.  That front, the way its angled then stops so abruptly, says something else goes there.  Trying to fly that thing in the atmosphere would be murder."
Cherry stared at the image for several seconds before he answered, "I agree.  I'll bet the way it sits it would beat you to death in the air.  Did you notice that there's no scorch marks up there?  Must be something else that goes there.  Where could it be?  There's no sign of anything besides the ship."
Josh rubbed his eyes, "We could fit Naca in the back of that thing.  What do we do now?"
"I'll explore more of the outside.  I want to learn all I can about this ship."
"Why don't you just go inside?  You said we only have a limited time we can last here."
"Yes, but what if someone put a self-destruct in that spaceship?"
"How can it work if there's no sign of any power?  Don't you think you're being overly cautious?  It could take you months to feel absolutely sure about that ship.  We need to be under way before then."
Cherry's stare told Josh he would be frowning if he could.  Cherry pulled his finger out of the socket as he said, "I'll go to the cockpit.  You can split your view in here and watch what I'm doing.  I suggest you check to see what your detector found."
"Before you go, you should take a look at this asteroid field.  There's something unusual about it."
Josh brought the image of the asteroids back up.  Cherry asked, "You didn't look at either end, did you?"
"No, why should I?"
"I think what we are sitting on is the remains of a planet.  See that small end?  I'll bet that it has a hole with nothing in it.  Kind of like a trumpet."
"How would that happen?"
"Some good-sized projectile traveling at very high speed."
Josh's mouth flew open, "Do you think it may have been inhabited?  Could this ship have come from —"
"No, at least I don't think so.  I think that ship came after the planet exploded."
"Do you think the debris is radioactive?"
Cherry's skin turned light green, "None of my readings indicate any.  I don't know about in the middle.  You might try the detector you've moved in there to see if it shows any signs."
Cherry walked out before Josh could ask any more questions.  Josh ran tests with the first detector, but didn't find any significant radioactivity.  Sighing with relief, he turned back to detector two.
The detector had moved close enough to the planet to give a better view of the day and night sides.  From the number of lights on the dark side, he doubted the planet could be more than an outpost.  As he watched it turn, even fewer lights came into view.  Josh counted only ten widely scattered and very small glowing spots.
On the daylight side, little evidence of civilization could be found.  No large cities came into view.  At this distance, any hamlets or villages wouldn't even show.  Josh gave up looking for any cities.  He used other portions of the detector to look for power grids, nuclear generators or other power sources.
Josh left the detector searching for power, but stood to go see how Cherry was doing.  As he reached the door, a ding alerted him.  Turning back, he saw a spot on the planet coming into the daylight outlined in red.  The detector showed significant power generation in the area.
Looking at the other readings, he saw mostly empty land or water.  He studied the land masses and oceans.  Softly he said to himself, "That's not Avayal.  The land and water is all wrong.  Where have we wound up?  How could we get here?  Naca isn't in any shape to travel.  According to Cherry, she won't even fly under her own power.  What happened?"
As he strained to remember, he clutched his head and dropped to his knees with his eyes clinched shut.  After several minutes, his body relaxed a little.  His arms dropped and he cautiously opened his eyes.  They quickly closed.  Crawling across the floor, he reached his bed and dragged himself in.
An hour later, Cherry came back to his room.  When Josh heard his footsteps, he gradually opened his right eye.  A second later, the left came open.  Cherry asked, "What happened, Josh?  You don't look too good."
"I feel even worse.  I got the detector close enough to check out the planet.  There's only one spot with significant power generation.  I can see a few lights on the dark side but they are few and far between."
"But that's not what caused the problem, is it?"
"No, I – ah – I know that's not Avayal.  The land masses and water aren't right.  My head about split open when I tried to figure out how we got here."
"Don't start worrying about it again.  Your eyes still don't look too focused."
"The tunnel vision is starting to clear up.  As long as I don't move my head too fast, I think I'll live.  What did you find out?  Can we fly that ship out of here?  Any clue about its origin?"
Cherry walked to a chair and sat down before he answered, "No, I can't figure out where it came from.  As for its ability to fly, tell me what it uses for power.  I get zero readings on that.  I just wonder how long that thing has been sitting here."
"My head hurts too much to think of what we do next."
"Get the detector closer to the planet.  Find out what that power is being used for.  Are they an outpost?  Do they have repair facilities there?  How about space travel?"
"The detector is still approaching.  I just slowed it down to see if they have any detection equipment on the planet or around it."
Cherry's eyes widened in his concern for Josh, "Do you think that spot could be a space port — wait don't answer that.  I don't want to give you a headache again."
"I won't break, Cherry.  I can still think.  Just not too hard.  What do we do after the detector gets closer?"
"I'm going to try flying the sensor inside that ship.  We have a day or two to check things out here and on the planet.  If we don't find what we want, we'll try sending a distress signal."
Josh rubbed his eyes, then put his hand over them.  He asked, "If this is an outpost, how many ships a month will come through here?"
"I can't answer that, insufficient data.  What do they make or mine or grow down there?  Is it valuable?  How long does it take to get a ship load?  Is this close to a regular shipping lane or do spaceships have to go out of their way to come here?"
"I see what you mean.  The good news is we know from ion trails that spaceships do come through here.  Just not how often or if they will do rescues.  They may be scared to death of this asteroid field if it is an exploded planet."
"Could be, but we have to assume that someone will venture in here if we call.  Let's make sure that our unfriendly pirates aren't the ones to answer.  The clock is ticking on our air and food, so we have to do something.  As for me, I'll start exploring that other ship.  You can rest then check the detectors.  In forty-eight hours, we'll make up our minds what to do."
Josh nodded, "I can live with that.  At least my head won't hurt trying to answer questions that raise more questions."


Chapter 4


Forty-eight hours passed without any remarkable discoveries.  The life support in Naca stabilized and Cherry explored the alien spaceship.  Josh worked at trying to get into the corrupted database.
At the end of their work period, Cherry and Josh sat in the galley eating.  Josh said, "I'll never understand why you need to eat.  You're an android."
"It provides fuel for my brain and other systems just like it does for you."
"Wouldn't it have been simpler to put in some sort of nuclear or fusion power?"
"No.  I'd need shielding and a special power unit.  This way, I can eat any protein or carbohydrates and have all the power I need.  I weigh at least two hundred pounds less without all the shielding."
"Well, I hope you can eat some rocks or something from out there.  We only have enough food for six weeks.  Water can be recycled and we should do fine with it."
"What about air?  Have you sucked that stuff outside back in?"
"Yeah, I think we're alright but I'd like to have another hundred cubic feet to make sure.  We'll just have to be extra careful."
"If we could find some water or ice, we could make more oxygen."
"For now, I'd rather concentrate on getting off this rock.  Any luck figuring out how to get that ship over there flying?"
"Not really.  There are some interesting things over there.  I've barely scratched the surface of what's in that ship.  So what do we do?  It's been forty-eight hours."
"I guess we need to send a distress signal.  I'd still like to hide Naca first.  I know that's not Avayal out there, but thinking about pirates or our other enemies catching us like this gives me the willies."
Cherry's eyes glazed slightly as he computed.  He said, "Then I suggest that we try to move Naca under the land bridge tomorrow.  Once she's under cover, you can start sending messages."
"How long do you think it'll be to get a response?"
"Not enough data.  How far is the nearest spaceship?  Are they the type to perform rescues?  We still don't know where we are."
"Yeah, I know.  I try not to think about that.  It gives me a headache and tunnel vision."
Cherry looked at his friend with concern, "Josh, I would suggest that you finish eating and try to get some rest.  I'm fine, so I'll do some prep work to get us ready to move tomorrow.  It will be a two man job, so you need to be up to peak performance."
"Ha, a little tough to do with these."  Josh pointed at his legs.
"You won't need those tomorrow.  Just your brain."
They finished eating in silence, both lost in their thoughts for the future.  Josh went to his quarters and soon settled into a restless sleep.  Flashes of scenes from his past flitted through his dreams, but never enough to fill in the missing gaps.
The next morning at breakfast, Cherry said, "Did you sleep at all?  You look terrible.  Bags under your bloodshot eyes,  I'm surprised your lids even stay open.  I told you I need you at peak performance."
"This is as peak as you get.  I kept getting flashes of scenes from my memory.  It made my dreams completely crazy."
"Do you want to put this off another day?"
"No, we can't waste any time.  If anything happens, we don't have any surpluses of many things."
"Then let's get Naca moved underground so to speak."
The two worked their way to the cockpit.  Cherry had reattached the chairs and tried to restore some semblance of normalcy to it.  As they settled into the chairs, Cherry switched on the outside view.  Josh tested the controls for moving them.
When both had run through their checks, Josh looked at his spacesuit on the floor.  Cherry's breathing apparatus lay beside it.  Josh asked, "Do you think we should put those on?"
"No, I have confidence in you.  Let's get underneath and then send the distress signal."
Josh grabbed the joy stick in his clammy hand.  He eased it into a reverse movement.  A screech of metal greeted his motion.  He stopped and looked at Cherry.  Cherry nodded at him to continue so he increased the thrust.  Naca backed out with a shriek of tortured metal.  Josh gritted his teeth and kept her moving.
Silence came.  Josh jumped worse than when the noise started.  He said, "Are we clear?"
"Yes, move to the left.  Keep her about ten feet off the ground."
As Josh moved to the left, Naca dipped to the ground with a thump.  More sounds of metal scraping came.  He adjusted and the ship leaped higher in the air.  He muttered, "These controls are super sensitive.  Don't want to fly off into space.  Come on, Naca, you can do it."
Cherry's lips twitched, but he didn't say anything.  Josh finally cleared the land bridge and flew the spaceship under it.  When they were in far enough, Cherry said, "Try to swing her around.  I'd like to have some teeth pointed in that direction if we have unwanted guests poking around."
"Will our weapons work?"
"Enough.  I wouldn't want to fight a battle, but I can hurt someone if they don't expect it."
Josh got the spaceship turned until it faced back the way they had come.  Faint sunlight from the distant sun lit the rock outside.  Josh stared at it a second before he lowered Naca back to the surface.  He landed with a smack.
Cherry remarked, "Any landing you walk away from is a good one."
"This must not have been very good then.  I can't walk."
The two chuckled then started moving.  Cherry said, "Before you send the signal, let me check to make sure we're hidden.  I'd like to see if we left any – ah, footprints out there to be seen."
As Cherry moved a remote sensor to look from outside, Josh ran a check of the systems in Naca.  The spaceship had made the move with only minor changes.  Josh sighed in relief.  Cherry said, "We're clear.  Send out the signal.  Later, I'll go out there and smooth out some of that imprint, but unless someone's looking for it, it'll pass."
Josh sent the message he had dictated yesterday.  The remote detector returned an acknowledgement and started broadcasting.  Josh asked, "Now what?  Do we just sit here?"
"No, I want to explore more of that other ship.  You could check out that hole into the asteroid.  You did set both remote detectors to automatically warn us of visitors, didn't you?"
"Yes.  Speaking of exploring, before you go outside, take a look at this.  I found it when I looked for radiation.  It looks familiar but I just can't place it."
Josh brought up the view from the first detector.  He put the analysis of the asteroid on another screen.  Cherry glanced at it and started to turn to the view.  His head snapped back.  Josh saw his eyes flick through the data.
When the android started to tremble, Josh pulled himself toward him.  Cherry let out a yell and grabbed Josh.  Cherry's skin looked like a revolving rainbow with the colors chasing each other.
As Cherry danced around the cockpit, Josh tried to get his arms free so he could open the little door on Cherry's back.  He got one hand free and the door popped open.  As Josh reached for the switch to shut him off, Cherry said, "You don't know what that is?  Really?  Come on, Josh, you can't be that ignorant."
"I've got memory issues, remember?  Put me down."
Cherry released him, leaving Josh floating in the air.  Cherry bounced around the cockpit some more.  Josh loudly said, "Cherry, what is it?  Are you alright?  Look at your skin."
Cherry held out his arm and stared at it.  The moving colors slowed some but didn't stop.  He said, "Josh, you're looking at a very rich man.  Of course you are, too.  That lump out there is almost all rare earth minerals."
"So?"
"So!  Don't you remember anything?  The last I remember, those minerals were worth about 5467.89 credits per ounce."
"About, huh?  How much does that translate into?"
"Only about 700 trillion credits.  That's more than the Emperor has.  More than most planets make.  Josh…"
Cherry looked at his friend.  His mouth hung open and he had stopped breathing.  Cherry waved a hand in front of his face.  Josh gave no reaction.  Cherry touched him to start him breathing.
Josh stammered, "How, are you, did you —"
"Yes, I did calculate the numbers.  There may be even more.  I'm only guessing there's forty thousand tons there.  We'll have to check the other pieces around there.  How many did you check?"
"Just those close to the detector.  Are you sure about it being rare earth minerals?  Sure about the money?"
"I know for sure that reading is rare earth minerals.  The value is just a number I remember.  It could be more or it could be less, but I'd say not much less.  700 trillion credits.  We can each buy a spaceship.  Live like kings on our own planet."
"Wow.  I don't know what to say.  When can we start mining and selling that stuff?"
"We need to get off this rock first.  We'll have to stake a claim – "
Cherry went on to list all the things they needed to do.  Both of them were swirling around off the deck in the cockpit laughing and carrying on like they'd lost their minds.  At last, they calmed down.  Cherry said, "I have to go do something.  I'll burn my circuits out if I sit here waiting on an answer to our distress signal.  I'm going into that ship to see what I can learn."
"Be careful.  I'll set a sensor to follow you.  Maybe I can explore inside this rock or maybe I should see if I can find any more of those minerals."
They gave each other a big grin before starting their tasks.  Josh searched, but didn't find any of the minerals near the detector.  Giving up, he checked for any messages.  Finding none, he launched a remote sensor and flew it into the opening under the land bridge.
Inside, the inky darkness foiled even the infrared and ultraviolet cameras on the sensor.  Josh turned a small light on it to illuminate the path.  The feeble beam still didn't penetrate far.  Turning on the radar, Josh found a large cavern.  The alien spaceship would have fit in here but only with a skilled pilot.
Stepping up the intensity of the light, Josh spotted three archways.  He flew the sensor to the one on his right.  It led into another cavern.  The light from the sensor bounced back from millions of tiny reflectors.  Josh moved forward cautiously.
The little mirrors turned out to be frozen vapor or water.  The radar wouldn't penetrate very far so Josh had no idea how much lay in there.  He checked his readings to see that it was heavy with oxygen.
Muttering to himself, he backed the sensor out, "At least one of our problems is solved.  I don't know how much is in there, but it will keep us a lot longer than the food."
Flying the sensor to the middle arch, he eased into it.  This cavern appeared much larger.  Josh looked down to see a gently sloping ramp leading into it.  The ramp continued for almost a mile.  Using the radar, he saw that the room stretched ahead for twenty miles and to each side for five miles.  The roof arched a mile overhead, slanting down to about a half mile on the sides.
The immensity of the room surprised him.  The light on the sensor did little to penetrate it.  The radar showed uneven lumps on the floor but no details.  One of the lumps sat on the floor to the right.  Josh steered the sensor along the wall toward the lump.
As he drew closer, he saw the object on the floor of the cavern was much bigger than he had thought.  The sensor picked it up in the light.  Josh's attention wavered and the sensor shot upwards.  He brought it back down until the thing on the floor came back into view.
Cherry's voice interrupted his reach for the microphone.  Cherry said, "Josh, are you there?  You should see this.  It's like an ancient museum in here.  Can you see it?"
"I haven't been following you.  I sent a sensor into the cavern.  There's another ship in there.  It looks in even worse shape than the one you're on.  Cherry, what have we found?"
"I don't know.  Send me pictures."
Cherry studied Josh's video for a few minutes.  He finally said, "That ship came from a different manufacturer.  Things on the outside are just too different."
Josh said, "Do you think we could use parts from this one and the one you're in to get Naca in shape to fly?"
"No, there's no way.  These things are too different.  Maybe we could use parts off of your ship in the cavern to get this one flying, but…"
"Not enough data, right?"
"Yes.  I'd have to look closer to see if they are close to the same technology.  I'm not even sure what's wrong with this one."
Josh stared at the video.  This ship looked in far worse shape than the one under the land bridge.  He said, "I'll fly around it and look a little closer.  You keep exploring to see what it would take to get that thing flying.  It may be all we have if Naca won't fly again."
"We've got money in savings and we can borrow the rest."
"I'm not borrowing anything.  With what we have, we could only get a piece of junk."
"If you're wanting to fly this, it will be the same thing.  Did you look at any of the videos?  This thing is older than your grandma."
Josh snorted, "Leave my grandma out of it.  That thing looks wicked.  If we could get it painted and polished up, it would scare any bad guys into surrendering to us without a fight."
Cherry snorted now, "In your dreams.  Those people know what happens when we take them in – mind altering or being sent to some penal colony.  They won't give up without a fight.  If you'd let us take on less violent fugitives —"
"Forget it.  Now is not the time to get into that.  If I'm going to bounty hunt, I'm going for the big bucks and rid the universe of garbage at the same time."
"Alright, I'll keep exploring here.  You keep exploring.  Hopefully, someone will come rescue us soon."
Both muttered to themselves as they went back to exploring.

A week passed with no answer to their distress signal.  Neither noticed the time slipping by.  They were immersed in their explorations of the asteroid and the ancient ship.  Each night at supper, they both had exciting things to share with each other.
Josh found five more non-flyable hulks in the cavern.  Most had gaping holes in the fuselage as well as in the racks where computers, sensors and other equipment should have been.  Along the walls were tools and piles of spaceship parts.  He had no idea if any of them would fit the hulks or the ship that Cherry was examining.
Three days later, tired of the relics, Josh decided to explore the other cavern.  He had only reached the half-way point in the large cavern, but the radar didn't show any more of the spaceship sized lumps.  He muttered, "If I have time, I can come back to this and go all the way to the end.  So far, I haven't seen anything that will get us off this rock or put any credits in our pockets.  Who'd want old junk like this?"
He turned the sensor around and flew out of the large room.  As the sensor flew into the next one, red warning lights flashed on the view screen.  Use of the lights had caused the sensor to use more than the usual amount of fuel.
Josh directed the sensor back to Naca.  After he parked it, he checked Naca's fuel.  He saw the gauge sitting at three quarters full.  That would normally be more than enough to get him to the next fueling stop.  The question now became how long it would have to last on this rock.
Thinking about the fuel brought a flash of how they had come to this predicament.  He remembered the wanted poster.  A group of pirates had been disrupting traffic to – suddenly, he couldn't recall the planet.  The picture of the poster came vividly to his mind.   The image of the chief of pirates hung there in his mind, but he couldn't remember the planet.
As he struggled, his head began to ache.  His vision soon narrowed down to a tunnel.  Determined to fight it down, he stopped thinking about the planet and concentrated on asking the computer how many credits they had in their account.
Before he could look at the results, his headache became more severe.  Holding his head in his hands, he lay back in the chair.  Closing his eyes, he tried not to move a muscle.  As he relaxed, the severe pain receded.
Josh tried to regulate his breathing to help ease the pounding in his head.  Before he knew it, he drifted off to sleep.  In his dreams, the wanted poster flashed.  The face leered at him, daring him to try to get him.  Josh reached out to grab the pirate.  An explosion from behind rocked him.
With a gasp, Josh's eyes snapped open.  His hand searched for his blaster as he looked from side to side to see where the pirate had gone.  Nothing.  A noise from behind caused him to swivel and bring the barrel of the blaster in that direction.
Cherry held his hands up, the right forearm like a tilted rainbow to the side of his head.  He said, "Whoa, partner.  I know I've been spending a lot of time in that old wreck, but I thought you wanted me to."
Josh lowered the weapon and wiped the back of his left hand across his eyes.  He said, "Sorry, Cherry.  Just a bad dream.  I had a flash of memory and it triggered a headache.  I could see the pirate we were after.  His name is Lebois and he's a real piece of work.  Just as I grabbed him, I felt an explosion…"
Cherry looked at his friend's confusion.  He said, "That's more than I remember.  Any idea what happened to Lebois or where the explosion came from?"
"No, and I'm not going to try to remember.  I just had one terrific headache and I don't want another."
"What's that on the view screen?"
Josh turned to look.  He stared blankly for a few seconds then said, "Oh, that's the credit balance we have.  Fifty-nine thousand credits.  Not bad, huh?"
"I guess.  How much was that pirate worth?"
"Twenty-five thousand, but I think there might have been more."
Cherry calculated, "If we received that twenty-five and used most of the fifty-nine, we could get a pretty decent spaceship, but that wouldn't leave much for operating."
Josh laughed, "You forget.  We are the universe's richest partners.  Remember all those rare earth minerals?  We can buy any spaceship we want."
"We don't have that money in our pocket.  We have to get the minerals to market and get off this rock first.  Hopefully, not in the brig of some pirate ship."
The two friends looked at each other soberly.


Chapter 5


At supper, the two didn't speak much.  Cherry shoved his food in his mouth and chewed mechanically while Josh picked at his.  When he finished, Cherry said, "Josh, we're going to have to make some decisions.  Things like what we plan to do to get out of here.  What things do we concentrate on?  It's been ten days now without a peep from anyone."
"I know.  I've been hoping…"
He pushed his plate away.  Waving at it, he said, "That's our limiting factor.  We have spaceships, parts, water and from that we can make oxygen.  Food is the biggest limit."
"That and fuel.  We only have a finite amount of it.  Running the sensors and detectors won't take much, but they will consume some.  Once we start working on another ship, we'll have to burn a lot more."
"Why?"
"I've been over that wreck out there from stem to stern.  It looks like it could fly, but I need to put some power to it to be sure."
Josh looked at him, "So?  Take some of our fuel and put in it.  Check it out."
"If I use some of the fuel and that bird won't fly, it could cut us short to survive until someone comes along."
Josh snorted, "So we use some fuel and take the chance we run out or we do nothing and risk running out of food.  While we do nothing, we slowly go crazy.  That seems like a no brainer decision."
"I'm just pointing out —"
"Yeah, all the negatives.  What if you put fuel in and find out that spaceship will fire right up?  How long would it take to put patches on and fly out of here?"
Cherry's eyes glazed as he calculated.  After a few seconds, he said, "If everything were ready to go, it would take about a week – ah – maybe more with this arm and hand."
"Then I need to get into a spacesuit and help you.  I don't think we can wait another week to start, do you?"
"No.  I don't know about the spacesuit though.  Your legs haven't completely healed.  You might do more damage —"
"No food will do more than a little damage.  It will stop the healing completely.  I don't have a choice and neither do you."
Cherry looked him in the eye, "No, I guess we don't.  We need to get something going to get you back into gravity.  If you don't, you'll start to lose calcium out of your bones, which will weaken your skeleton even more."
"Then we need to get that spaceship out there powered up and ready to fly.  What do we do first?"
"I need to put power to that ship.  You need to finish checking this place out.  What does that third cavern hold?  What machinery is in here?  You've told me about the hulks and parts, but are there any tools we can use?"
"I'll get going on it.  What do you think this place is or was?"
"Some sort of repair depot.  I don't understand the burn marks and holes, but maybe they were traders who ran into pirates."
Josh said, "Or goons from some planet who wanted more than their fair share of taxes."
"That's possible too.  I'm going back out there.  I'll take a portable power unit.  I can use power from it to do some checking."
"I'll start on the third cavern – at least until I get too sleepy."
Josh set the sensor to follow Cherry, then turned to the other one.  He flew it in the opening and turned to the left.  The entrance to the third cavern was much smaller than the other two, but still large enough to fly fliters or other small aircraft into it.
When the sensor made it through the entrance, Josh saw the same inky darkness.  Using the radar, he mapped as much as he could.  This room stretched for twelve miles.  The ceiling to the right extended a half mile above the floor and sloped down to three-eighths of a mile to the left.  The right wall had holes which he assumed were doors and windows.  He couldn't see the left wall because buildings obscured it.
Continuing inside, Josh flew lower.  The image he got from the radar and ultraviolet made him think of an underground city.  The route into the cavern looked like the main boulevard to a large town.  The street had three lanes on each side of a wide barren space.
Josh turned on the lights as he drew closer.  Jagged stumps of what looked like trees came into view.  Benches sat forlornly in debris and dirt.  Wide sidewalks made a border between the dirt and the plasticrete of the streets.  Midway in the first block, a scalloped shaped fountain sat in the middle of colored plasticrete.
A little farther on, a side street came in from the left.  Josh panned to the right to dimly see the solid front of some buildings.  Turning right, he approached the structures.  As he drew nearer, he could see that the facade only stood three stories high, but the rock above it had been decked out with windows.
Row upon row of windows continued almost to the ceiling.  The rock around them looked different.  Zooming closer, he saw that the material had been polished like high quality marble or agate.  Brilliant colors adorned the wall around some of the windows.  It looked like a pattern, but when he panned back, the light didn't show what it made.
Interspersed amongst the windows were larger openings which Josh finally figured out as doors.  These openings, set back into the wall, resembled an open-sided foyer.  Most appeared to be about ten by ten feet, although he did see some which were larger.
Josh muttered to himself, "Why would they need those?  They're not big enough for balconies and they don't have any railings.  I know some people who wouldn't get near the edge but others would.  That's a long way to fall even in this gravity."
Moving the sensor up to a window, he tried to see inside, but all he saw was the lights from the sensor.  Using other spectrums, he got either blackness or glare.  He murmured, "I haven't got time for this.  I need to find things to help us get off of this rock.  Gotta get down to ground level and look in those stores."
Dropping the sensor back to street level, Josh studied the store fronts.  Words on signs made no sense.  The translator couldn't make heads nor tails of them.  Some pictures helped.  The one with ancient battle armor looked interesting so he tried to go in.
The door had been smashed and lay halfway off of its hinges.  Inside trash and pieces of battle armor lay scattered about the floor.  Racks had been turned over and mangled.  Backing out, he flew to the next store.  The entrance to this one remained intact, so he passed it by.
Josh found clothing, shoe, and more armor stores as well as other weapons related shops.  The ones he could get in had been trashed, but he couldn't tell about the others.  At last he went back to the cross-street and traveled down it.  He passed twelve blocks with wide barren dirt patches between them.
These blocks had a few stores but appeared to be mostly offices or residences.  Retreating, Josh turned parallel to the main boulevard.  A quick reconnaissance revealed the same sight he had been seeing.
Flying higher, he spotted a door which looked open.  Edging closer, he maneuvered through it to a room with nine-foot ceilings.  Looking down, he saw a boot jammed under the edge of the door.  To his left, Josh spotted couches, chairs and other furniture.  Most of it looked like it would be too tall to be comfortable for him.
Cautiously flying deeper into the apartment, he found a tall table but no chairs.  The sensor's measurements showed the table to be five feet off the floor.  Cabinets, counters and strange appliances gave the appearance of a kitchen.
Noticing a hallway, he flew toward it.  Doorways along it were all closed.  Clothes and trash littered the entire length.  Josh withdrew to the entrance.  Under his breath he said, "This place looks like everyone took off in a hurry.  I think the stores were looted.  I don't know how much this is going to help us get off this rock.  Some of this might be interesting if we weren't under so much pressure.  Oh well, back to checking it out."
Steering the sensor out the door, he continued deeper into the underground city.  Stepping up the speed, he flew to the end of the street.  Nothing stood out, but he continued to make a video record of his flight.
The monotony of seeing the same thing soon had his eyelids drooping.  Josh stopped the sensor and put it in a low power mode.  Settling back on his bed, he drifted off to sleep.
When Josh woke, he realized that no dreams had interrupted his sleep during the night.  As he swung his legs over the edge of the bed, an itch started on his left leg.  He tried to find something to slide down into the cast to scratch it.  Finding nothing, he pulled himself to a shower.
After he dressed, he headed to the galley to get something to eat, trying to ignore the feeling from his left leg.  Floating through the door, he saw Cherry sitting there.  Josh said, "Hey, how's it going?  Are we ready to dump fuel in that bird and be on our way?"
"Not yet, but maybe soon.  Most of the computer works, so I'm using it to check the other systems.  What have you found?"
Josh moved over to get something to eat before he answered.  Setting his plate on the table he said, "My left leg is driving me crazy.  It itches."
"After we eat, I'll get the healing unit and check you out.  Now, what did you find?"
"I found out the beings left here in a hurry.  Some of them did a little looting on the way out."
Cherry gave Josh a strange look.  He asked, "What do you mean?"
"I found a city in the other cavern.  It has businesses, offices and residences.  I think they had parks, too.  I found places with the furniture still there and businesses that were trashed.  Some of them have a coating over the glass so I can't see in."
Cherry's skin changed colors and the little lights under it blinked brighter.  He asked, "How many did you look at?  One or two?"
"Naw, I looked at dozens."
"How many places are there?"
"I'd say enough to hold between two and five million.  I barely scratched the surface in there when I got too sleepy to stay awake."
"Sleepy!  How could you get sleepy looking at something like that?  Is there anything that could help —"
"That's part of the problem.  I didn't see anything that could help.  Cherry, I think this might have been a pirate – ah – meeting point for lack of a better word.  There are lots of shops in there with, or used to have anyway, weapons, battle armor and parts for spaceships.  This rock definitely was more than a repair station."
"Wow, Josh, this could be worth as much as the rare earth minerals.  Did you see any trace of the people who were here?"
"None.  I think it's been a long time since they left.  I think something bad happened here."
Cherry stared, "What do you mean bad?"
"The parks or open spaces had some sort of trees and bushes.  The only thing left is the main trunk and it's just a splintered remnant.  If there were flowers and grass, there's nothing left, just barren dirt."
"Show me."
Josh called on the computer to bring up some of the video that Josh recorded from the day before.  Cherry directed it to show at ten times normal speed.  After the place where Josh had entered the stores and apartment, he moved the speed even faster.
When the video stopped, Cherry and Josh sat in silence for several minutes.  Cherry finally said, "Josh, some of those pictures of the body armor looks like ancient stuff.  Are you sure that it's not some sort of shop for collectors?"
"Ha, you're asking the wrong person.  Check the database – oh, that's right.  We don't have a usable database.  See why I feel like something bad happened here?  And a long time ago."
"Yes, I can feel that.  All I can say is keep looking.  Maybe you'll find something helpful to us.  In the meantime, I'll try to get that spaceship ready to fly.  Are you finished?"
"Yeah."
"Give me your plate.  I'll take care of them, then go get the healer unit."
Cherry dumped the plates and walked out of the galley.  In a few minutes he came back with the healer unit.  Attaching it to Josh, he set it to scan.  Within minutes, it beeped.  Cherry studied the screen for a few seconds.
He said, "Your leg is healing.  I'd take the casts off, but knowing you, you'd try to walk on them.  Even in this light gravity that would be a mistake.  Somehow, we're going to have to get you in gravity and get you to training.  Your bone density is dropping faster than it should."
"Get that other ship working and we can transfer fuel, air and water to it.  It must have a gravity differentiator.  It is a faster-than-light ship, isn't it?"
"I haven't got that far yet.  If not, it'll get us to that planet where we can catch a ride."
Cherry stood, then walked to the door.  He turned, "I've got to get to work on that ship.  Do what you can from here and I'll talk to you later."
Josh picked up the healer unit and looked at his bone density readings.  Shaking his head, he muttered, "I've got to get into gravity.  I don't want to be a cripple and I'm not ready for bionic legs just yet."
Putting the healing unit back on his leg, he quickly set it to relieve the itching.  No sooner had it finished than his other leg started itching.  Adjusting the machine, he almost immediately felt relief.  Grabbing the unit, he headed for his quarters.
Settling into his comfortable chair, he propped his legs up.  As he wiggled a little to make his nest, he brought the computer to attention.  "Computer, fire up the sensor.  I need to get more of this city explored."
As the sensor woke, images appeared on his view screen.  He looked at the map to see where he had stopped.  The sensor appeared at the opposite end of the city from the entrance.  Josh sent it back to the main boulevard.  A shop there caught his interest.
Moving closer, he saw advertisements for robots.  The closed door on this shop made it impossible to get inside, but he could see a few robots in the store.  After several minutes of staring at them, Josh moved the sensor.
A little farther down the block, he spotted a store showing a machine turning out food.  He didn't recognize any of the food but could see what looked like fruits, vegetables and other items sliding out of the machine.  Josh yelled out loud, "Cherry!  I have to tell Cherry.  This could be the thing that saves us.  Wait.  How do I know it works?  Maybe it needs something we don't have.  Keep exploring."
Looking closer at the shops on this end, Josh came to the conclusion that they hadn't been looted.  Items looked like they were still stacked on shelves and racks.  Flying the sensor on down the street, Josh looked at more stores seemingly filled with goods.
When he came to a cross-street, he turned the sensor to the right and crossed the boulevard.  Marveling at the variety of businesses as the sensor flew down the boulevard toward the opening, Josh almost missed it.
A small place, sandwiched between bigger, more elaborate establishments, had a small window with a painting on it.  The image showed a being with a small device in its hand/paw.  Facing the alien were five other beings.  These five creatures were as different as night and day.  They were clearly from five different planets.  Josh knew they were talking to each other using the device.
He said, "A translator.  Maybe that would help us translate the signs on the windows and the radio traffic we've heard.  If I had one of those, maybe I could find city hall and find out what happened.  Time to call Cherry.  No, wait.  He needs to keep working on that ship.  I can go get that."
Josh swung his legs off the table they had been propped on.  When his foot bumped the floor, he grimaced.  When the pain subsided enough to function, he moved toward the cockpit.  Once there, he found the spacesuit Cherry had brought in after they woke.
Stretching it out on the deck, Josh maneuvered around to slide into it.  As his feet slipped in, he had to force the fabric out a little.  His legs felt like they were back under the crushed wall.  He stopped for a few moments, then gritted his teeth and pushed again.  When his feet popped into the boots on the spacesuit, he had to lay there for a bit.
The next agony came as he twisted to get his arms and shoulders in.  He could feel each move in his pelvis and both legs.  He panted as he waited for the pain to diminish.  At last he zipped up the front.  Luckily the low gravity allowed him to roll over on the deck without too much more pain.
When his breathing returned to normal, he reached for his helmet.  Putting it on, he turned the suit on and checked his oxygen supply.  The gauge showed eight hours' worth.  After going over the other gauges, he pushed himself up.
The spacesuit made it harder for him to maneuver.  Clenching his jaw, he forced himself down the passageway.  He made his way back to his quarters where he picked up his blaster and belt.  Adding a vibroblade, he put them on.  Looking at his blaster rifle, he decided against carrying it.  Floating out the door, he turned to the rear of the ship.
As he came to the shield Cherry had set, he pushed through it.  Stopping to catch his breath and check gauges, he muttered, "Now what?  I'm in my spacesuit, I'm armed but I have to go twelve miles to the other end of that city.  I can't pull myself along.  I only have eight hours of oxygen.  Come on, Josh, think."
His eyes roved over the damage to his spaceship.  Near the back, he spotted his grav-cycle he used for transportation on planets.  The two-seater vehicle floated on a gravity repelling cushion instead of using wheels.  Highly maneuverable and fast, it had saved him from several sticky situations.  A grin crossed his face.  He muttered, "I don't need legs to jockey that.  I can get down there, explore a little and be back before supper.  If I take a few straps, I can bring back some goodies, too."
Getting the grav-cycle unstrapped and moved to the airlock proved to be tougher than he had expected.  Frustrated, he finally climbed aboard and drove it out the open airlock.  As he approached the opening to the city, he thought about telling Cherry, but decided he didn't want to argue with him about going to the shops.
He muttered, "When I show him the goodies, he'll yell but be glad to forgive me."


Chapter 6


Gunning the cycle, he zipped down the empty boulevard.  At first, he went too fast overdriving his headlights.  Slowing down to a more reasonable speed, he came to the translator store in a few minutes.
As he drove, hairs on the back of his neck prickled.  Josh turned his head from side to side, but his vision couldn't penetrate the inky darkness around him.  As he reached the business, he stopped the cycle but continued to sit on it.  His right hand reached for the blaster to make sure it sat loosely in the holster.  He muttered, "I'm getting senile.  I feel like I'm being watched.  How can that be?  This place is dead.  Look at the dust.  No one's been here in years, maybe even centuries.  Get a handle on it, Josh."
Josh turned the cycle away from the shop and left it ready to sprint away if he needed to.  Being careful not to jar his legs, he dismounted.  Looking down, he saw his own footprints in the thick dust on the sidewalk.  The feeling of being watched made him use the windows in front of him as mirrors to check behind, but the black beyond his feeble light held its secrets.  He tried the door.  It was locked.
Moving back a little, he looked for another way in.  The painting on the window drew his attention.  Shining his light on it, he studied it closer.  A shadow on the window moved.  Josh whirled, pointing his light and drawing his blaster in one fluid motion.  Nothing but black greeted his beam of light.
Josh waved the muzzle of the blaster around as he looked.  Nothing moved, not above nor as far across the street as he could see.  Shining the light down on the ground, only unbroken dust came into view.  He muttered, "I'm getting way too jumpy.  I need a vacation on some tropical get away."
Backing up to the door, he kept looking around.  When he bumped it, he stopped, but his eyes kept searching.  At last he holstered the blaster and turned to the door.  It looked like many of the stores on a dozen planets he'd been on.  A metal frame holding glass allowed a good view of the interior of the shop.  This door didn't have a panic bar inside so Josh guessed it had some automatic opening feature.
Habit made him look over his shoulder for any observers before he punched the glass.  His weakened legs didn't give much power to the punch.  His fist just bounced off.  Stepping back, he lifted his leg to smash it into the door.
Dropping his leg down, he muttered, "Josh, my boy, better think.  That would have hurt.  Cherry would really have had something to yell about.  Can't use muscles, need to use brain power."
That sixth sense of being watched made Josh turn around again.  His light flickered from side to side.  The muzzle of his blaster he'd drawn followed.  Empty blackness greeted him – again.  Josh stood still then contacted Naca.  Connecting with the computer, he activated the sensor and set it to follow him.  He had it stand guard outside the translator shop using only infrared and ultraviolet passive coverage.
He smirked, "Now, if there's something out there, I'll see you.  Don't mess with Josh Gunn.  I'll get you."
Josh half turned to the door.  He kept looking out of his peripheral vision for something to move.  Reluctantly, he holstered his blaster and drew his vibroblade.  Flicking it on, he stabbed it into the window.  He swiftly cut the glass out of the frame.
Letting it fall toward him, he caught it and leaned it against the wall.  With a last look around, he stepped through the new opening.  A small space about twelve feet by twenty greeted his eyes.  Moving the light from side to side, he saw shelves lining both sides of the room with a glass counter across most of the rear.  Behind the counter he saw another door.
Stepping to his right, Josh studied the small instruments lying on the shelves.  Indecision gripped him.  He whispered, "Which one?  Do they only translate a few languages?  Which ones will let you read as well as speak?  Let's see, if it were me, I'd put the cheaper ones here by the door, the better ones over there and the best in the counter."
Josh moved to his left to the shelves on the other wall.  Selecting three different ones from the middle of the shelves, he picked them up to look at.  The words on the packaging were so much gibberish.  Moving closer to the back, he found some power cords.  Not sure which ones would work, he moved to the counter to lay his prize down.  Going back to the cords, he selected one of each and piled them with the translators.
Moving behind the counter, he pulled all of the translators off of the shelf.  Three of them looked used and ancient.  He muttered, "Why would you keep these old used translators in the most secure place?  I hope one of these cords will work with them, otherwise, they're nothing but a paperweight."
He cleaned out the counter.  The pile, more than he could carry in his spacesuit, needed a bag or a box.  Seeing nothing behind the counter, Josh cautiously opened the door.  Behind the door, he saw a small workspace with tools and spare parts arranged on a workbench and in bins along the wall.  At the rear, he saw another door.
Under the edge of the workbench, he spotted a bag.  Picking it up, he tested its strength.  It appeared strong enough to hold his loot.  Returning to the front, he closed the door behind him.  He picked up the three used translators and stuck them in a pocket on his spacesuit.  The others he stuffed in the bag along with the power cords.
Returning to the door, he stood just inside and turned the light off.  Total blackness.  Josh stood for several seconds listening.  Satisfied that nothing moved outside, he switched his light back on and moved to the grav-cycle.  Stuffing his sack in the carrier, he climbed aboard.
Giving it a little throttle, he moved across the street.  Straining all of his senses, he tried to find the reason for his nervousness.  Nothing but blackness showed beyond his lights.  As he crossed the median, he glanced down.
There in the middle was a trough about fifty feet long and twenty wide.  It looked like something had laid there and rolled over and over.  Slowing the cycle to a crawl, he studied the anomaly but couldn't tell if it happened yesterday or five hundred years ago.  He shivered at the size of that trench.
Picking up speed, he moved to the robot store.  Using the cycle's lights, he peered into the interior.  Five different models sat on the floor inside.  Josh saw some dark view screens inside.  He wished he had some power to see what they had advertised.
Josh backed the cycle up to the door.  Climbing off, he searched the darkness.  When he found nothing, he turned his attention to the door.  Using the vibro-blade, he cut the latch off and pushed the door open.
Inside, three desks sat around the room.  The robots were interspersed between them.  At the rear of the room he spotted a door.  He ambled around each of the robots looking them over.  They looked functional but crude in their manufacture.  He muttered, "They sure aren't up to the standards I'm used to.  This place must really be backwards.  If they added some metal here and here, this thing would look much better.  Oh well, that wasn't why I came in here.  I need to see if they might have some tools to fix Cherry's arm."
Striding to the back door, Josh pushed through it.  A row of ten more robots stood there.  On the opposite wall a bench contained an array of tools and test equipment.  A row of bins started just past the bench.  He could see arms, legs and other robot parts in some of them.  The huge room had crates stacked in the rear.
Spotting a large cargo door and smaller walk door in the back wall, Josh walked toward it. Halfway to the rear, he hesitated and checked the time he'd been gone.  Taking another look at the doors, he turned back to the front.  He needed to get back to Naca before Cherry found he had gone for a joy ride.  Besides, he had one more stop to make.
Retracing his steps back to the front, he cautiously glanced outside.  When he turned on the grav-cycle light, he saw marks in the street.  Josh muttered, "Those weren't there when I came in.  What's going on?  That almost looks like some big snake crawled along there – a very big, big snake.  How can a snake exist in vacuum?  I'm going nuts.  I have to get off this rock."
Josh started to blast back to the spaceship, but the thought of the store showing the food just down the block slowed his progress.  Quietly he said to himself, "If we can get this to work, it will relieve a lot of tension and worry.  Cherry could take as long as he needs to get that ship ready to fly.  I could figure out how to get some gravity to exercise.  I need to forget about spooky stuff and check it out."
Keeping an eye on the ground, he didn't see any more marks in the dust.  When he got to the shop, he stopped and looked around.  With his thumb, he set the cycle to rise.  Taking a deep breath, he shot toward the distant ceiling.  Halfway there, he stopped and spun the cycle in a circle to see if he could spot anything up there.
Empty space gleamed in his light with velvety darkness beyond.  Settling back to the sidewalk, he backed up to the door.  He used his vibro-blade to enter the store.  Eyeing the interior, he saw that this store was bigger than the robot one.  Ten stations with machines were scattered around the room.  View screens sat at each station.  Josh found plastic sheets with images of different types of fruits and vegetables.  Some included what looked like slabs of red meat.
As he took another look, he whispered, "This looks like machines for different species.  How in the world can I figure out which one will work for a human?  Cherry can eat anything that doesn't bite him first, but I'm a lot more selective.  I'm sure these are some sort of food replicators, but how do they work?"
The printing on the sheets made no sense whatsoever.  Wandering around, he found an ad showing the usual fruits and veggies but it also had the red meat on it.  The machine was smaller than the others.  He picked it up to see how much it weighed.  The machine came off the station relatively easily.
Josh set it back down then changed his mind.  He mumbled, "Take it with you.  It'll save a trip later.  I'll take this plastic sheet, too.  If I can get a translator to work, maybe I can find out what it says.  It's time to get back to Naca anyway."
When he picked up the machine and tried to walk, stabs of pain shot up his legs.  Sweat broke out on his forehead.  He almost dropped the machine, but then stopped at a different station.  Holding the machine with his left arm, he shoved himself off with his right.  The push sent him for the door.
He groaned, "Stupid, stupid.  Now you have to land.  What if your legs break right off?  Stupid, stupid."
As it turned out, his thrust sent him all the way to the door.  Making sure he had the machine secure in his left arm, he grabbed the doorsill with his right.  His forward momentum stretched his arm but slowed him down.  He gently settled to the sidewalk outside.
He pulled the door shut then sat the machine on the back of the cycle.  Digging in his tool compartment, he found two straps.  Working quickly, he soon had it tied on the back.  He sighed as he settled down on the cycle.  He bent over to rub his legs.
Straightening up, he turned on the cycle's lights.  Flakes of dust floated gently downward in the glare.  Josh's hand went to his blaster.  Pulling it out, he maneuvered the cycle to shine the light around.  More dust flakes drifted down like a heavy snow fall.
Sitting there for a few seconds, he finally called Cherry.  When he answered, Josh said, "Cherry, we may have company."
"What are you talking about?  Do the detectors show something?  What is it?"
"No, it's not the detectors.  There's dust floating down in here.  I saw some trenches, but I couldn't tell how long ago they were made —"
"JOSH, where are you at?"
"In the city.  I found something that could help us —"
"What are you doing there?  You know you shouldn't be up walking around.  Get out of there. I'll —"
Josh yelled, "Cherry, shut up.  I'm on my grav-cycle clear back at the end of this place.  I've had the feeling all along that something was watching me but I never could see anything.  Now I'm seeing fresh dust falling."
"Get out of there.  Wait, I'll come help."
"What good are you going to do with only one  good arm?  You can't steer and shoot if this thing or person is hostile.  Maybe they're just observing me."
"You don't believe that or you wouldn't have called me.  Give me five minutes to get back to Naca and get a blaster rifle.  I'll come into the entrance to wait for you.  Which entrance are you in?"
"The one to the left.  The one in the middle is the repair hangar."
Cherry's concern carried over the comm, "Wait until I give you the go ahead, then get out here.  Don't get yourself killed in there."
"OK, if you don't take too long.  I hate being a target in here.  I can't see anything."
Josh sat on the grav-cycle squeezing the handle bars in a death grip.  His hand moved to turn off the light, but he couldn't force himself to do it.  Time seemed to have stopped.  When Cherry called, he goosed the cycle and jumped forward ten feet.
Cherry said, "I'm ready, come on.  How far are you?  I don't see any light."
"About twelve miles.  Just look down that main boulevard.  You'll see something in just a few seconds.  I wouldn't recommend you standing in the middle of the doorway either."
Cherry's answer went unheard as Josh shot straight ahead.  Just before he reached the center, he leaned to his left in a hard turn and pulled the cycle up in a steep climb.  Leveling off, he jammed the throttle forward.
A glance over his shoulder showed only darkness.  As he streaked through the city, his sixth sense screamed danger.  Lightly hitting the brake as he kept the accelerator down, he looked back in the red glow of stop lights.
His heart almost stopped at the sight behind him.  The worst nightmare he'd ever had didn't do this justice.  He screamed at Cherry, "It's coming.  A monster…"
Josh's hand twitched, sending the cycle skittering to the right.  Jamming the throttle forward more, he zigged upward, then down and to the left.  A glance over his shoulder showed a twelve foot diameter mouth wide open.  The gaping maw, full of jagged teeth, drew closer.  Turning back to the front, he gave the cycle more power.
He could dimly hear Cherry's voice screaming over the comm but he didn't register what he said.  Another look back almost made him sick.  The mouth was only a few yards behind.  Diving to the left, Josh shot up and to the right.  A quick look showed a monster with a body as big as the mouth that stretched back out of sight.  It looked like a giant snake except this one had eyes as big as a barrel, set on stalks as thick as trees, peering over that gaping mouth.
Josh spotted a light ahead as he gave the cycle all the power it had.  As he took a breath thinking he might make it, a red glow showed in his peripheral vision.  Suddenly, yellow teeth appeared.  They surged in front of him and snapped shut.  The cycle almost slammed into them until he jammed on the brakes.
A tongue flipped up, forcing him back away from the teeth.  The cycle tumbled end over end, but he clung to it for dear life.  Vile yellow-green muscles started working him back toward the tail of the monster.


Chapter 7


Josh screamed.  Heavy, slimy mucus splashed around him, soon coating his spacesuit and grav-cycle.  Gripping the cycle with his knees until his fractured pelvis ached, he pulled his blaster and fired until it ran out of power.
Patting his belt with his left hand, he realized that he hadn't brought extra cartridges.  Slamming the blaster back in his holster, he gave the cycle some power and tried to turn.  The ugly yellow-green muscles constricted around him, nudging him deeper in the beast.
Shrieking his frustration, he pulled his vibro-blade.  His first swing contacted one of the muscles moving him deeper in the monster.  The blade cut a gory slash.  The movement to the rear stopped.
Filled with anger and terror, he continued to slash.  As the muscles pulled back, he sliced into the hide.  Josh couldn't see it through all the slime, but the hole he had opened led to the outside.
He gunned the cycle to move him ahead as he wildly slashed right and left.  Muscle fell away in front of the vibro-blade.  Mere organic cells couldn't stand up to a blade designed to slice through two inches of steel.  As the muscle fell away, it opened a bigger hole in the hide.
The screeching and keening buffeted him as it flew by to the now open mouth of the monster.  Josh's madness wouldn't let him stop.  Ignoring all sounds or sensations, he continued his assault on the inside of his attacker.  Suddenly, a violent movement threw him out backwards.
Clinging to his grav-cycle, he stared in disbelief.  Mucous dimmed the light but he could still see fifty feet of the strange creature writhing in a death throes.  Glancing down, he saw the head lying on the boulevard.  His berserker rage had cut the head off from the inside.
Cherry's yelling finally penetrated his red hazed craze.  "Josh, Josh, what's going on?  Where are you?  Please, answer me."
Josh shuddered and almost lost his grip on the cycle.  He said, "I'm alright now.  Stay where you are."
"What happened?"
"I got swallowed by this fifty foot monster."
"I see your light now.  Why's it so dim?  What happened?  You taste so bad the thing spit you out?"
Josh shuddered again, "Yeah, something like that.  I hope these things don't travel in pairs.  I don't think I could do that again.  I think I did something to my pelvis fracture.  It hurts like I don't know what."
"Hang on, you're only a half mile or so from me.  I'm coming —"
"STOP!  Don't move one step this way.  If there is more than one, you wouldn't stand a chance.  Tap into the sensor here.  I had it follow me.  You can see what I'm talking about."
Josh now began to warily search the surrounding area for any signs of a second monster.  Reaching forward, he tried to wipe some of the slime off of his light.  His hand had as much slime on it as the light did, so he did very little good.
Cherry's voice came over the comm again, "What in the universe is that?  It's huge.  It could swallow you whole —"
"That's just what it did."
"What happened to its head?"
A stealthy movement in the shadows caught Josh's attention.  He put the cycle in reverse and eased back toward the entrance to the cavern.  Cherry's voice became a babble in the background as Josh searched the darkness for threats while he kept the cycle in a slow move toward the entrance.
When Cherry's hand touched his foot, Josh almost sliced his arm off when he swung the vibro-blade.  He said, "Cherry, you're lucky to have your head.  If I could have reached it, it would be on the ground right now."
"Yeah, you seem to make things lose their head over you.  What's going on in there?"
"I think I saw something else moving.  Let's get out of here."
"You can't take that – that goop in Naca.  We'd never get rid of it.  It looks like it smells to high heaven too."
"I don't know, but I agree.  I don't want one drop of this gunk in our ship."
The two inched their way back to their spaceship.  Their eyes never wavered from the entrance Josh had just come out of.  Josh said, "I wish we could block that entrance.  That thing is horrible.  I don't ever want to see one of them again."
"If we had another shield generator, I'd use that.  However, we're all out."
"Any of them in that old spaceship?"
"I don't know.  I've been busy trying to get it ready to fly."
Josh shivered, "We can't use the ones from Naca.  We have to keep all the oxygen in.  I wouldn't feel safe in Naca without them either.  Those things are hideous."
"I'll agree.  The sensor just doesn't do it justice though.  No size comparison."
"Just think of me on the cycle going down its gullet whole.  That'll give you a comparison."
Cherry said, "I wonder what those things are.  How can they survive in vacuum?  What do they eat?"
"Humans on grav-cycles."
"How many of those are around here?  If that thing had succeeded in eating you, how long before it needed to eat again?  A year?  Five years?"
"I don't care.  Just as long as I'm not on the menu again."
They reached the shield.  Cherry said, "How are we going to clean you up?"
"Just set the shield to let me and the cycle in.  Don't let the slime in."
Cherry thought for a few seconds then said, "That might work.  Don't go through here though.  You'll leave a pile of slime.  I don't want to have to step around it every time I go to that other spaceship."
Josh snorted, "You're still going to that other spaceship after what happened to me?"
"We don't have a choice.  That might be why we haven't received any answers to our distress signal.  If the locals know about those things, they won't come near here."
"Yeah, I guess you're right.  The clock is ticking.  We've got to get something ready to fly.  Hey, I might have something to help —"
Josh turned to look at the empty spot where the food replicator had been.  Even the straps were missing.  He said, "Well, I did have something.  I've still got the pictures and brochures – at least I think I do."
He looked in his carrying box.  The brochures, translators and charging cords were still there.  Closing the lid so slime didn't get in, he moved well around the shield.  Yelling at Cherry, he said, "Come on.  Get the shield set.  I'd like to get behind it.  I keep getting the feeling that something is still looking at me."
Cherry touched a port on the shield generator and yelled back, "Put your hand through the shield.  I want to make sure I stop all the gunk.  Now hold it there.  I need to go inside to get a scanner."
"I'll give you about fifteen seconds, IF something doesn't poke its head out of that entrance."
Rushing into Naca, Cherry grabbed a scanner.  As Josh and the cycle eased through the shield, the scanner remained silent.  Looking closer at Josh's spacesuit, Cherry said, "That must be some nasty stuff.  Your spacesuit is already pitted from it.  Even your helmet."
"I see that now.  It distorts my vision.  Before, I just thought it was the slime."
"Come on, let's get inside.  I'll see if I can polish some of the pits out of your helmet.  If not, I may have to slave a sensor to your display to give you a clear picture until we can get a new one."
Inside, Cherry helped Josh out of the spacesuit.  Josh groaned as he had to move his legs.  Cherry grabbed the healer unit to scan him.  After a quick check up, he announced, "You messed up the fracture in your pelvis.  The legs look good though."
Attaching the healing unit, Cherry made a few adjustments before sitting back.
Josh moaned, "I didn't have to have that thing to tell you my pelvis is worse.  I can feel it."
"Well, whose idea was it to go in that cavern anyway?  You had a sensor to look around without any danger to yourself."
"I know, I know.  I just wanted to see if I could get these translators and a food replicator.  It could be the difference between life and death for us."
"That's true.  At least you have the translators – if we can power them."
"You are one ray of sunshine after another, aren't you?  Speaking of sensors, maybe you could send it back to see where the replicator fell off.  And leave it at the cavern entrance to make sure we don't have any monsters sneaking out."
Cherry headed for the cockpit to do that.  Josh pulled himself along behind with accompanying moans and groans.  Cherry glanced back once with a grimace.  Josh bit his lip to stop the noise.
By the time Josh reached the cockpit, Cherry already had the images from the sensor on the view screens.  Josh watched as the sensor moved toward the entrance to the city.  Cherry kept it close to the ground, hoping to spot the food replicator.
As the sensor slowly flew forward, both bounty hunters kept their eyes glued to the view screens.  Josh recognized a bench in the median.  It sat not far from where he had been attacked.  His hands clenched into tight fists and his breath came in shallow rapid heaves.
Josh leaned forward, straining to see beyond the lights of the sensor.  He jumped back with a shout when the severed head of the monster appeared.  Cherry jumped and the sensor darted left as it shot upwards.
He yelled, "What?  What is it?  Is something after the sensor?"
Josh trembled, "No, I just got a good look at what swallowed me.  That's one ugly head."
"You about stopped my nutrition pump.  There's nothing to be afraid of.  Look, I'll fly back down."
The sensor moved again.  Josh didn't move this time, but his fists were clenched until the fingernails drove into his palms.  Cherry said, "See, it's dead.  Nothing to be afraid of."
"Easy enough for you to say.  I saw that thing from the other side.  Look closer, I'm not sure it is dead."
An eye swiveled as he spoke.  Cherry jumped the sensor back.  He said, "That's impossible.  How long ago did you cut that head off?"
"I don't know.  But I'll tell you that thing is still alive.  How could it live in vacuum?  That thing might live another five years for all we know."
Something flitted into view.  The mouth snapped at it.  Josh shouted, "Look, it's a smaller one.  It's only five feet long.  That big head is still trying to eat it.  Cherry, what have we stumbled into?"
More forms flashed into view.  They stayed well away from the giant head.  Josh asked, "How many of those things are there?  I can see some even smaller than the first."
"There's one that must be fifteen feet long and almost four feet in diameter.  That snake could swallow you whole if it wanted to."
Cherry moved the sensor a little and the two saw dozens of the beasts swarming over the decapitated body.  They attacked it like sharks in a feeding frenzy.  Josh said in a quiet voice, "There must be hundreds of monstrosities in there.  Cherry, we need to get off this rock right now.  With that many mouths after you, it's only a matter of time until they get you.  Look, there's one that's even bigger than the one you spotted."
"Josh, there is only dozens.  Don't exaggerate.  We'll find a way to get out of here alive.  It is just taking me some time to figure out things about that spaceship."
"Cherry, it doesn't have to be perfect, just fly.  We don't even have all we need to repair the holes.  We'll just have to patch them somehow."  He groaned and clutched his middle.
"What is it?"
"I must have tensed and twisted something.  My pelvis is killing me."
"Come on, you need to get back in bed.  I'll give you a sedative to make you sleep for awhile."
The sensor sat in place recording the destruction of the huge carcass.  Cherry picked Josh up and carried him to his quarters.  Easing Josh into bed, he programmed the healer unit to give him some pain killer and a sedative.
When Josh dropped off to sleep, Cherry started to go back to the cockpit to watch more of the feeding frenzy.  A plastic sheet on the floor stopped him.  He saw the brochure that Josh had picked up.  Hooking up to the computer, he tried to translate it but failed.
Entering the cockpit, he saw the same frenzy as before.  Moving the sensor back to the entrance, he set it to trigger at any motion, then shut off the lights.  As he sat, he thought about what Josh had in his cycle.
He went back to the cycle to get all the translators and power cords.  When he got to the shop, he spread all of them around on the work bench.  Three hours flew by before he had most of the translators recharged.  Two were dead.  He couldn't get them to do anything.
Sliding the plastic ads for the food replicator over, Cherry tried the different translators.  The one bundle with the two failures didn't do anything.  He tried each one.  They came up with translations but nothing he could read.  Going to audible, he tried that.
When nothing worked, he tried to load some of the different languages from Naca's computer.  Still nothing worked.  He muttered, "We need some sort of common ground on a few words.  I'm not sure where to go from here."
Cherry tried some more changes for a few minutes then gave up.  He went to check on Josh, who still sprawled on the bed sound asleep.  After checking the healing unit, he tiptoed out of the room.  In the passageway, he wavered then turned to the cockpit.
Checking the images from the sensor, he moved it back into the city.  He moved it slowly forward, only using passive infrared and ultraviolet to see with.  Soon he came to the partially devoured carcass.  It barely showed, but the creatures around it stood out very plainly.  Their bright bodies on the sensor told of a powerful heat being developed.  A few still picked at the beheaded monster, but most were lying in the dirt in the middle of the boulevard or floating about fifty feet above it.
As he watched, one of the smaller heat sources came at the sensor.  Cherry held his breath as he saw the thing coming closer and closer.  The infrared image didn't give a clear picture, but he thought the body coming at the sensor measured about eight feet long and eighteen inches across.
The snake-like figure came to the sensor and bumped it with its head.  Cherry let the sensor skitter away.  It swam closer again and smacked the sensor again.  The sensor shot up and to the left.
Cherry tensed as the creature moved again.  It batted the sensor with its head like a cat playing with a ball.  The sensor bounced around until the others disappeared in the darkness.  The beast spent the next twenty minutes playing with the sensor.  At last, Cherry saw the heat generated image intensify.
Looking closer, he knew he had to be looking down the gullet.  Suddenly, everything except the heat source dead ahead disappeared.  Cherry turned on the radar at full capacity.  The glow of heat ahead increased.  Muscles along the inside tried to quickly force the sensor back toward the tail.
Shutting down the non-passive instruments, Cherry set the sensor to recharge on any heat or radiation.  The charging gauge shot to the maximum.  The heat source rapidly receded.  Cherry said, "You didn't like that, did you?  Spit me out.  You sure have a lot of energy inside to peg that meter like that."
The beast shot forward and swallowed the sensor again.  Cherry set it for rapid recharge.  The snake spit it out even faster and harder.  The sensor flew three hundred yards away.  As he watched, Cherry saw it swim away.
When it had dropped out of sight of the passive devices, Cherry carefully backed the sensor out of the city.  As he reached the entrance, a yell on the intercom from Josh made him dive the sensor to the ground.  It hit and laid there in the dust.
Cherry loudly said, "Josh, don't do that.  One of those snake things just ate the sensor.  I got it back and now you've made me crash it."
"Forget that.  Look at the image from the sensor I set to follow you.  Can you see that thing?"
"What are you talking about?  I don't see —"
Cherry's eyes narrowed as the image on the view screen came into focus.


Chapter 8


Cherry yelled, "Where did that thing come from?  Are you reading any comm signals?"
Josh said, "I don't have anything coming from it.  Do you think that thing owns that spaceship?  That's where it's headed."
"Stay out of there, you little bugger.  I'm about to get it figured out.  I don't need any interference."
As they watched, the figure headed to the spaceship.  It didn't even look around to see Naca.  Josh asked, "Do you think that's the ship's owner?"
Cherry snarled, "Not even close.  Look at the way that thing shuffles along.  If I yelled boo, all you'd see is a blur of brown as it heads back to the rock it slithered out from under."
"Maybe it controls those monsters in the city.  No, that thing is too small.  I wonder if it knows about the snakes, though.  It doesn't seem too concerned about them."
"That thing won't fit the furniture on the ship.  What is it?  Four and a half feet tall?  Everything in there is for someone over six feet tall.  We don't even know if it breathes oxygen.  All we know is that it needs some sort of atmosphere.  That spacesuit doesn't look too comfortable, does it?"
Josh studied the slow small steps the creature made.  He said, "No, it's pretty crude.  I wonder if that's a crewman.  He might not fly the ship, just work in the cargo bay."
"He?  What gives you a clue to its sexual gender?  I might agree with a crewman.  What are we going to do?  That thing can't be too bright.  How could it have missed seeing Naca?"
"I don't know how it missed us, but I think we need to grab it.  We need some questions answered."
Cherry said, "You stay here.  I don't need you tearing up your fractures again.  I'll go see if that thing recognizes a blaster."
"Cherry, be easy on it.  We need some answers and a ride off this rock.  That thing might be the key."
"Yeah, if we can understand its language."
"I brought back some translators.  They just need to be charged up."
"I charged them.  They didn't help with the ad.  I couldn't get anything to work for our language."
"For now, you'd better get out there.  If that thing has been in that spaceship before, it should see what you've done in there.  It might take off or be ready for you and be tougher to convince to come in here for a visit than you think."
Cherry rushed to the rear of the ship to get into his breather.  Grabbing a blaster, he made his way outside.  Josh advised him by closed channel where the visitor was.  As soon as the small creature rounded the back of the other ship, Cherry bounded across the open space between them.
Josh moved the sensor to follow the drama.  The small figure went to the airlock at the rear.  Cherry made it to the old spaceship in four bounds.  Josh strained as he tried to help him stop.  As Cherry slipped to the rear, Josh moved the sensor again so he could see both of them better.
When the android stepped around the corner of the spaceship, Josh's mouth dropped open in shock.  The creature leaped a hundred feet in the air.  A blast of something on its back sent it speeding back toward the entrance to the asteroid.  Only Cherry's mechanically fast reflexes allowed him to catch the visitor before it escaped.
As soon as Cherry had it in his grasp, the little figure ceased all resistance and curled up in the fetal position.  The second Cherry's feet touched back down on the asteroid, he quickly carried the little ball to Naca.  When he stepped through the shield, Josh set the sensor to scan the surrounding area for any other life.
Seeing nothing, Josh dragged himself out of bed.  A small groan escaped his lips.  Grabbing the blaster beside his bed, he checked the charge.  It showed three quarters full.  Pulling his body along so he didn't have to walk, Josh made his way to the rear of Naca.
Looking through the inside shield, Josh saw why the spacesuit looked so odd.  It had been meant for someone much larger than the creature lying there.  Material had been bunched up and tied in place with lengths of electrical wire.  Cherry nudged the figure and Josh got his first look at its head.
Through the clear helmet, he saw a small skull.   The eyelids were scrunched tightly shut but Josh could still see that the eyes would cover half the face.  A pointed snout which ended in a blunted black nose wrinkled with the intensity of the creature keeping its eyes closed.  Gray fur covered its entire face.  Josh could see ears set toward the top of the head but they were plastered tightly against the skull, so he had no idea how big they were.
Cherry said, "As fast as this thing moved, I'll just keep it on this side of the shield.  You can see what's going on, but it won't be able to reach you.  I don't think you're up to fighting par yet."
"No, I'm not.  That sounds like a good plan to me.  Did you hurt it?  Why is it keeping its eyes closed like that?"
"All I did was grab it.  Maybe this is its way of coping with danger."
"Doesn't seem like a very good way to cope.  It would be almost to the tail if one of those snake things had been after it.  Even a small one could get it down."
They stood watching to see what the small figure would do.  After ten minutes, they saw one eyelid move a tiny bit.  Neither of Naca's crew moved.  They hoped the little critter would open its eyes and try to communicate.
Soon, the other eyelid opened a smidgen.  Josh smiled at it.  Both eyelids closed tightly.  Cherry asked, "What did you do?"
"I didn't do anything.  I just smiled at it."
"It must have thought you were baring your teeth to eat it."
"I don't eat sentient species."
"That thing doesn't know that.  Give me the healer unit.  I want to try to check this thing out."
As Cherry touched the creature with the healer unit, it grimaced even more.  Cherry said, "I can't get a very good reading through the spacesuit, but from what I see, it's malnourished and a little dehydrated."
Josh saw a slit appear in the eyelids again.  He didn't smile this time, just stood observing.  Cherry said, "Why don't you go get it something to eat and drink."
Josh sarcastically said, "And just what would you suggest?  Fruit, veggies, some flowers or maybe a slab of raw meat?  What about drink?"
"Get some fresh fruit and vegetables.  For now, just bring some water.  Put some in a container so you can pour it into two glasses.  You'll have to show Shorty here it's safe."
"What if it isn't?  Did the healer tell you what that thing can safely ingest?  What does it breathe?"
"I'll do some more tests while you go."
Josh moved to the galley.  Once there, he grabbed the things Cherry had suggested.  He set them on the table.  When he had everything, he realized he couldn't walk back carrying all the items.  Finding a tray, he stacked them on it.
Gently pushing the tray along the floor, he pulled himself along behind.  When he heard the sound of the sliding tray, Cherry turned to say, "I'm sorry, Josh.  I forgot about your disability."
"I may have broken my legs, but I didn't break my brain.  I can still think."
"Neither of us thought this through.  You can't pour water.  It will take all day to get to the glass."
"Not if I put the jug right on the glass.  I might spill a little but the air recycler should take care of it."
Josh slid over so he could sit on the floor and be a little more comfortable.  Inquisitively looking, he saw the slits were a little wider on their furry friend.  As he poured some water, he asked, "What did you find out?  Does it breathe oxygen?"
"It is an oxygen breathing mammal.  I still don't know what it will eat, but it should be able to drink the water.  I didn't find any viruses or other bugs that will give you problems.  We'll have to watch to see what your bugs do to it."
Taking an exaggerated swig of the water, Josh watched the eyes.  Setting his lidded glass down, he poured another.  He said, "Cherry, set the shield so I can slide this through.  Just make sure Shorty can't get to me."
Cherry plugged his finger into a port and said, "OK.  You can push it through now."
Gingerly sliding the glass through, Josh watched the creature closely.  The ears came forward forming half circle cups.  Soft pink showed on the inside.  Then the eyelids opened more, showing golden irises.  Josh sloshed the water around a little then pulled his hand back.
Picking up his glass, he drank some more of the water.  He took a bite of a grape-like fruit, then slid the plate through the shield.  The alien's eyes opened wider.  Its legs straightened as did its arms.  The snout started moving like it was trying to sniff the food.
Suddenly, a hand reached for the plate.  The being pulled it closer.  Josh almost smiled as he saw a problem coming.  The hand grabbed the cluster of grape-like fruit and started to lift it to the creature's mouth.  A clear helmet stopped it.
To Josh and Cherry's surprise, an opening appeared on the right arm.  A little furry hand reached out to pull the cluster inside.  The opening disappeared followed by the head sinking into the spacesuit.
A fold of the fabric straightened out and soon the two bounty hunters heard, "Mmmmm.  Mmmm."
Cherry softly said, "I can't imagine what the inside of that suit looks like if Shorty eats in there."
The head popped back up in the helmet.  Josh could see pink stains from the fruit around the snout.  The opening appeared again and the hand grabbed more items from the plate.  Once again the head disappeared and appreciative noises came from the body of the spacesuit.
Josh and Cherry grinned at each other.  The opening in the arm appeared, followed by the hand clutching one of the vegetables.  The hand tossed it to the critter's left then felt around for the plate.  When the fingers touched it, they picked up more vegetables before disappearing.
After a few minutes, the head burst into view.  Juices and bits of the items on the plate now flecked the snout of the little creature.  A long tongue whipped out to lick away every vestige of the meal.  The hand came out and cleaned all but one item off the plate.  It pushed the plate to the left.  One of the folds grew some extra bulges.
Cherry said, "That's even worse.  Storing food in your suit.  I need to check again to make certain there's no insects or other vermin in there."
"Maybe the suit is self-cleaning.  Don't rush to judgment.  Just because you're overly obsessed with neatness doesn't mean that everyone else is a slob."
They heard a muffle burp as the hand snaked out to grab the water.  Head and hand disappeared.  A short time later, the glass came out with half the liquid gone.  The hand slid the glass to the left.  Josh frowned a question at Cherry.  Cherry shrugged.
When the head came into view again, the tongue came out to lick moisture off the black nose.  The alien sat up and shifted its head back and forth between Josh and Cherry.  Josh said, "Feeling better now?  That's quite a pile of food you put away."
Cherry said, "Not counting all the crumbs and pieces left inside the suit."
"Drop it.  We need to see if we can communicate.  I want off this rock."
"So do I.  I'll get the translators.  We'll see if they work any better with spoken words."
In a few minutes, he came back with all the translators.  Trying them one at a time, he tried to initiate a conversation with the small alien.  It looked back and forth between the two bounty hunters but didn't utter a sound.
Josh said, "Either those things don't work or Shorty there can't speak."
"Maybe they work, but that thing doesn't have the intellect to converse.  It might just make a few noises to communicate with its own kind."
Josh watched as the little creature picked up one of the translators and studied it.  The alien turned it over and over, then pushed some of the buttons on the front.  Cherry said, "You think you can fix that?  I'd be glad if you could."
The creature picked up the others one at a time and fiddled with them.  It turned to the almost empty plate and glass.  A stream of words came out.  After a pause during which the little being twisted its head like it was listening, more words came out of it.
Josh asked, "Now what do you say?  That sounds like more than noises between a species.  Sounds like a language to me."
"I don't know.  There are some birds that 'parrot' what you say.  They have no clue what the noises they mimic means."
"I don't think that applies in this case.  I think our guest there knows something about those translators.  If it knows about them, it has to have more than a bird's worth of intelligence."
"Don't get your hopes up.  I think we just added a mouth.  If there's more than this one, we can't feed them.  We won't have enough food to see us through until we can get off of here."
Josh watched the creature tinkering with the translators.  He said, "Cherry, I took more translators from that store.  Where are the others?"
"Two of them were dead.  They wouldn't take a charge."
"That leaves three that aren't accounted for.  Hmmm, let me see.  I think the ones missing were the used ones that were kept in the locked display case.  Where are they?"
"That's all I found in your bag."
"I know.  I stuck those three in my spacesuit.  In the left pocket."
Cherry turned to get the translators.  He carried them to the workshop.  The little alien climbed to its feet and followed him.  Cherry talked for Josh's benefit, "Shorty seems to be getting excited about these.  I can't find any power cords to recharge them.  Hey, get away from there.  I'll do it.  I'm going to bust your fingers if you don't quit."
Josh asked, "What's it doing, Cherry?"
"It grabbed three of the cords and is cutting them apart.  Now it's splicing them together.  What are you up to now, you little bugger?"
"What's it doing?  Cherry?"
"Well, I'll be.  That one is charging.  Here let me adjust —"
A different voice said, "I can do it just fine.  Keep your fingers back."
Josh yelled, "Who is that?  What's going on?  Never mind, I'm coming."
Cherry said, "Josh, wait.  We'll —"
Josh didn't wait.  He pushed through the shield and gave a shove with his arm.  He sailed to the door of the shop.  Inside, he saw Shorty with both arms out of the slits in the suit.  Its hands were working the translator lying on the bench.  In a few seconds, it unhooked the cable from the translator and connected it to another.
Cherry's skin swirled with angry colors and the sparkles within it pulsed with red light.  He said, "What do you think you're going to do with that?  That belongs to us."
The creature said, "I'm using it for now.  I'm sure these other two will work just fine.  Give me a few minutes to get them charged."
"I'll give you something.  It won't be —"
Josh said, "Cherry."  When Cherry turned to him, he frowned at him.
"Who are you and where did you come from?  How do you know so much about those translators?"
When the being didn't answer, Josh said, "I'm talking to you in the spacesuit."
After it finished checking the charging translator, the little alien said, "Watch it.  Don't step on Demmy.  Are all of you funny aliens so clumsy?"
Josh jerked to the side looking for Demmy.  He said, "I asked a question."
"My name is Lemmy Felafel.  That's my partner Demmy Deladel.  The cretins on our spaceship were going to stuff us out of an airlock.  We managed to grab a spacesuit and get to an escape pod before they could.  Just as we ejected, the Nagini attacked."
Cherry asked, "Who are the Nagini?"
Lemmy shivered, "Monsters who live in the vacuum around this exploded planet."
Pushing his finger in a slot, Cherry brought up a picture of the small snake-like creature which had swallowed the sensor.  He asked, "Is this one?"
"A very small one.  The ones that attacked our ship were much larger."
Josh asked, "What happened to your ship?  Why didn't they attack you?"
Lemmy looked at him with eyes that grew larger, "I'm not sure.  They tried to get up enough speed to reach hyperspace, but I don't know if they made it.  The Nagini ignored us because we were so small and the spaceship was so much bigger."
Cherry asked, "How do those things live in a vacuum?  What do they eat?  Do they breathe?"
Lemmy shrugged his shoulders.  He said, "Anyone who might answer that question unfortunately isn't around anymore.  The Nagini ate them."
Unhooking the cable from the second translator, Lemmy handed it to Josh.  He plugged in the last one and began adjusting it.  Cherry frowned.  He said, "Hey, why did you hand that to him?"
"He is a good man.  You, I'm not so sure of.  Your hatred of me is covering your true spirit."
Cherry snorted, "I'll bet this is why the people on that spaceship were going to stuff you out an airlock."
Josh interrupted, "How do you know so much about these translators?  Why do these work and those don't?"
"I was an engineer on many spaceships —"
Cherry snapped, "Yeah, I'll bet most of them tried to stuff you out of an airlock —"
Josh said, "Cherry, cool it.  We need to know about this."
Lemmy wrinkled his snout, "Yeah, Cherry, cool it."
Cherry's colors swirled as his lights turned into red hot cherry glows.  Lemmy continued, "Like I was saying, I was – still am an engineer.  I can fix almost anything.  These are Alcantaran translators.  No one knows how they work, but they are the best that have ever been made.  All the Alcantaran stuff is better than anything we've seen around here, including that spaceship out there."
Josh asked, "How did you get here?  How long have you been here?"
"When the Nagini attacked, we looked for a place to hide.  The debris here looked like the only place we could make it before those five monsters could catch us.  A dozen or so of the smaller ones chased us and we ducked under the land bridge there.  When I saw the opening, I flew in."
Cherry asked, "Didn't you realize you were flying right into a den of those things?"
Lemmy's ears wiggled in distress, "Not at the time.  I got the escape pod to the rear of the big cavern.  There was a big steel door there.  I tried to shut them but couldn't move them.  I used the pod to shove them closed.  There's a small walk door that I go in and out of."
Josh asked, "How long have you been here?"
"I don't know.  You can't see the sun or anything from back there.  I do know that we had a year's worth of food and water on board.  It's gone.  I rationed it for the last quarter of my ordeal."
Cherry said, "So you must have been here for over a year.  Did you see the Nagini again?"
"Yes, I tried to get out into that big cavern.  It's some sort of repair depot.  I thought maybe I could get a ship ready to fly or even transmit a signal asking for help.  The Nagini have taken all the energy from just about everything."
Josh said, "Wait a minute.  You said there were five of those monsters.  How big were they?"
"About a hundred feet long, I think.  I have no way to know how big around.  I know they could swallow me and Demmy and our pod whole."
Cherry asked, "Have you seen them around here?"
"Yes, they come into the cavern and float back to our safe room.  A couple of times I thought they had me, but somehow I escaped."
Josh asked, "Are they here now?  Would they attack our ship?"
"I don't think they are.  Yes, they would be on you like a quiviling on a bumba."
Cherry said, "A what on a what?"
"A flying reptile on an insect."
"Oh.  How long do these things stay away?  What are they looking for?"
Lemmy's ears flattened to his head, "I think they go out to look for food.  I know when they come back, there is a big frenzy and then all of the Nagini are quiet for several days.  One must have come back yesterday.  I felt the frenzy and haven't seen too many of them around since."
Josh looked at Cherry before he said, "So you think the big ones might be coming back at any time?  Do they fly into the cavern or on the other side to the city?"
"What city?  I've never been on the other side.  Too many Nagini in there."
Josh said, "Where do the big ones go?"
"Anywhere they want.  Nothing stops them.  I need to check out some things on that other ship and get back to my safe room.  The big ones could be here at any time —"
The sound of a proximity alarm caused Lemmy to duck inside his spacesuit.  Josh and Cherry heard him say, "Quick, Demmy, get under cover.  They're back."


Chapter 9


Cherry stuck the translator on his chest, then turned to head to the cockpit.  Josh asked, "What about Lemmy?"
Grabbing the back of the little creature's spacesuit, Cherry hurried along the passageway dragging him along like a sack of potatoes.  Josh did his best to pull himself along, trying to keep up but lagged behind.  Cherry had the view screens going by the time he reached the cockpit.  Lemmy lay in a ball on the deck with his head deep inside the spacesuit.
Scenes from the remote detector flashed on the screen.  As the other two anxiously scanned the screens, Cherry said, "Naca, kill the alarm.  Show me what caused the alarm."
In the ensuing silence, one new screen showed activity.  The view jarred and moved but was so blurry neither could tell what they were looking at.  Slowly the image started to clear.  Josh said, "I'd recognize those teeth and ugly lips anywhere.  That's a Nagini.  What's picking it up?"
"The remote sensor you had in the city.  That stupid thing is playing with the sensor again.  Just let that stupid monster pick it up and I'll teach it a thing or two."
"Cherry, what are you going to do?  How are you going to teach it anything?"
The view blurred as the beast nosed the sensor again.  The sensor bounced into the air and moved away from it.  Cherry said, "While you slept, I flew this sensor back into the city to take a look for the food replicator you dropped.  One of the little Nagini decided to play with the sensor.  When it swallowed it, I turned on the recharger field.  Stupid thing dropped the sensor like a hot coal."
The beast bumped the sensor again, driving it out under the land bridge.  The snake-like visage appeared on Naca's sensors.  Josh said, "I don't think that's a real little one.  It must be twenty feet long.  Not as good as my trophy, but I'd bag it just on principal."
"Next, you'll tell me you want to get that other head and mount it here in the ship."
"Hey, that sounds like a great idea.  We could mount it in your room.  It's not going anywhere close to mine.  It'd give me the screaming nightmares."
Josh looked down to see huge golden eyes staring at him.  He said, "What's the matter, Lemmy?"
"You killed one of those things?"
"Yep.  It swallowed me and made me mad.  Just goes to show, don't make me mad."
Cherry piped up, "Lemmy, don't worry.  He's only a little crazy – most of the time."
Lemmy muttered, "Demmy, what have you gotten us into?  We need to get out of here – after we have a little more to eat.  We don't even know where they come from."
The Nagini spotted Naca and her shields.  The beast froze and drifted to the ground.  Suddenly, dozens more Nagini appeared.  All of them edged toward the spaceship.  Josh nervously said, "Cherry, should we activate the laser cannons?"
Lemmy ducked into his spacesuit as he said, "My old spaceship shot at the monsters.  It didn't even faze them."
Cherry asked, "Were they fifty yards away?  That's a lot of energy to dissipate."
No sound came from the rumpled spacesuit.  Josh said, "Maybe we should only try one of the smaller ones.  I don't want to make them angry and have them send for the five big ones.  We can't get away from here."
As they watched, the twenty-footer flashed forward.  It moved so fast they barely saw the movement.  Naca gave a warning when the beast bounced off the shield.  It dashed back with its mouth wide open.  Another warning came from Naca about the shield bleeding energy.
The rest of the pack of Nagini shot forward with their mouths open.  Josh yelled, "Cherry, we have to do something.  They'll drain the shield energy."
Cherry jammed his finger in the slot and worked frantically.  Josh watched their fuel gauge drop.  Suddenly, the movement of the gauge stopped then reversed.  It leaped to over three quarters full before the Nagini reeled back.
A third of them including, the twenty-footer, slammed back into the shield.  The fuel gauge spun to full and kept moving.  The three inside the spaceship heard a piercing shriek as the Nagini fell back again.
Lemmy's eyes appeared in the helmet.  He said, "Demmy, are we going to die?  Did they get through the shield?"
Josh said, "No, they're backing off.  Look – they're actually going back inside the city.  Looks like our new environmentally-friendly shield has paid for itself."
Lemmy's head fully popped into the helmet as he turned over.  His gaze went to the view screens.  He said, "Come on, Demmy.  Let's get back to our safe place."
Cherry said, "I don't think you would make it three steps outside the shield."  He activated the sensor lying inside the entrance.  Dozens of Nagini swirled just inside.  Some even dashed into the cavern that Lemmy had come out of.
Lemmy wailed, "Demmy, we're going to die.  How can we get back now?  Those big ones will be here at any time.  They'll scoop up this battered spaceship and there won't be anything left."
Cherry shouted, "Shut up, you little fur ball, or I'll stuff you down into one leg of that spacesuit.  If you make a peep after that, I'll toss you out to the snakes."
Josh said, "Cherry.  You don't have to scare him to death."
Cherry snorted his displeasure.  Lemmy squeaked from inside the spacesuit, "I'm not a him!  I'm a her."
Josh and Cherry turned to stare at the spacesuit.  Cherry said, "I don't care.  I'll still stuff you into the leg of that suit."
After thirty minutes of no Nagini activity, the three started to relax.  Lemmy poked her head up and sat up.  Josh said, "I apologize, Lemmy.  I've never been around a – what race are you?"
Lemmy sniffed, "I'm an Ezrawe.  I come from a long line of very good engineers.  You've insulted me and Demmy.  He's the male."
Josh said, "Like I said, I've never been around any of your race so I didn't know.  Where is Demmy?  What is he?"
"He's standing right there beside you and he's an Ezrawe just like me.  He's not as good an engineer though."
Josh looked at Cherry, who stood behind Lemmy.  His finger pointed at his temple and twirled in a circle.  Josh frowned at him as he said, "I apologize to both of you, Lemmy.  By the way, we didn't have time to introduce ourselves.  The big blue android there is Cherry Kang and I'm Josh Gunn."
Lemmy said, "I'm glad to meet you, Josh Gunn.  I can tell you are a good man and I like you.  I don't like Twinkles over there.  He's too angry and uptight.  Where did you say you're from?"
"I didn't.  I originally came from Earth in the Sol solar system.  I picked up Cherry in the Karisel solar system.
Lemmy asked, "Where's that at?  I haven't heard of it before.  I haven't seen any of your kind before either."
Josh waved his left hand, "It's in a galaxy out there.  I don't think there's much interaction between it and this galaxy.  My race hasn't been flying in the stars that long."
"You should have left the bully where you found him."
Josh smiled but Cherry took a step toward the little Ezrawe.  Lemmy ducked back inside the suit.  Josh glared at Cherry, who backed off.  Josh said, "Lemmy, where were you going in your old spaceship?  Where did you come from?"
Cherry spun his finger around his temple again and turned back to the view screens.  Lemmy's answer could barely be heard, "We were on our way to Erneegin.  Captain Sogour said we could make our fortunes there."
Cherry said, "Isn't it a little tough to make any money from a radioactive planet?  That place has been deserted for five hundred years."
Lemmy's head popped out again, "It has not, you big blue bully.  It had lots of people until just last month.  The rumor says that it got bombed, but we don't know how bad.  Captain says there's lots of opportunity for trade and salvage in a war zone like that."
Josh shouted, "When did you say that happened?"
Lemmy ducked into her suit and remained silent.  Josh asked in a much quieter tone, "Please, Lemmy.  It's important.  When did you hear this?"
A muffle voice replied, "Last month.  One of the crew had family who lived on Erneegin.  She said that Erneegin wanted to stay neutral in the Tayota war, but one of the sides —"
Cherry said in a strained voice, "One of the sides started landing ships and troops.  The other side bombed them out of existence."
"Yeah, if you already knew, why did you ask me?"
Josh slouched down in the chair like he'd been punched in the gut.  Cherry rocked back and forth on his feet.  When the silence continued, Lemmy poked her head up.  She looked from one to the other, then asked, "What's wrong?  Are the rumors true?  Is there a lot of money to be made there?"
Cherry asked, "Lemmy, what year is it?"
"Why 5789, of course."
"Based on whose calendar?"
"The Charter Alliance.  The Alliance has been around for a thousand of those years.  Didn't you two study any history?  Demmy, it's worse than I thought."
Josh said, "Cherry, we need to talk.  Excuse us a minute, Lemmy."
They stepped back into the passageway.  Cherry said, "Don't touch anything or I'll break your fingers."
He stood so he could keep an eye on her.  Josh whispered, "Cherry, if she's right, we're five hundred years in the past.  Every school kid has to learn about Erneegin.  Do you think Lemmy got the dates right?  I don't remember the exact date, do you?"
"No, but I'll look in our database.  It might be in the good part.  This changes everything.  We have to watch everything we do.  We could inadvertently change history.  You or I could disappear because we wipe out an ancestor or the one who invented my brand of android."
"Is time travel even possible?  How could we wind up five hundred years in the past?  Maybe we can meet Ron, Gus and Tik and get to see Auntie.  Every school kid knows them as the heroes who launched humans into space."
"I don't know.  This time travel thing has all sorts of possible hazards.  We have to be careful not to change history.  The other thing is that we must be a long ways away from where we did battle with the pirates.  There was no exploded planet in the galaxy we were in."
"I agree.  That pattern of the asteroid makes sense as an exploded planet and we would have some knowledge of it.  If it happened in the distant past for this time, it might not be in any history books.  Cherry, are we the crazy ones or is it that little fur ball in there?"
Cherry snorted, "We may be crazy, but not nearly as much as her.  Well, maybe you might be close.  You talk to yourself all the time."
"At least I'm not carrying on a conversation with an imaginary friend.  If I'd been here for a year like her by myself with those snakes around – I might be though."
"Josh, I'm not sure we should tell her about this.  It might push her completely over the edge.  Maybe she's wrong about the event and the date."
"Somehow, I don't think so.  Cherry, what are we going to do?  I don't feel like staying here but…"
"Yeah, but.  We have to try to get that other spaceship going.  We have to make sure what the date is."
"I agree.  How do we go about getting that ship running?  We need to get your arm fixed.  You'll need both hands to get that thing ready to fly.  With Lemmy here, we'll run out of food before —"
Lemmy said, "I can go back to my safe place.  Twinkly, I can fix that arm.  Just take it off."
"Not on your life, fur ball.  I'll do it myself."
Josh and Lemmy said at the same time, "How?"
Cherry said, "I don't know…"
Josh asked, "How would you do it, Lemmy?  Can you straighten it without Cherry taking it off?"
"Hmmm.  Maybe.  I'd need some of the tools in the repair depot though.  Were you two talking about that spaceship over there?  I could get it going with a little help.  The main thing it needs is fuel."
Cherry glared, "How do you know that?  I thought you were buried back in your safe place."
"Well, a girl can't stay underground all the time.  You'd go stir crazy.  I came out when the Nagini were fed or gone.  I've been through most of the ship."
Josh said, "Lemmy, how much of our conversation did you hear?"
"Just the part about repairing the ship and Cherry's arm.  Why?  Did I miss something important?"
Cherry and Josh looked at each other.  Josh said, "No, we want to get that ship flying and get to a planet.  We were in a big battle and our ship got toasted."
Lemmy said, "I saw.  You'll never get this one to fly off this asteroid."
Cherry snapped, "Tell us something we don't know."
Lemmy stuck her tongue out at him, "That Alcantaran ship over there is much better than this one.  It will do a lot more."
Cherry said, "How do you know?  You have no idea what this ship will do."
Lemmy turned her nose up into the air, "I know.  I've heard the stories about those funny Earthlings wiping out squadrons of Bugs and Hanami Federation warships with only a few Alcantaran ships.  I think they can fly to the center of suns and planets."
Cherry loudly proclaimed, "You're crazy.  No spaceship could do that."
"Then how do they disappear and reappear so easily?  Go invisible?  Are you part of that group that wiped them out?"
Cherry grunted, "That would be more likely than flying into the center of suns and planets.  No, we weren't involved in that battle.  Josh is the same race though."
Josh stepped in to change the subject, "Lemmy, what would you need to get that other ship ready to fly?  How long would it take?"
"I don't know.  I've never sat down and made a list.  I want you to know that I can do all the mechanical and electrical, but I don't do computers.  Someone else would have to deal with that."
Cherry said, "I can do that.  What do you need to get that ship space worthy?"
Lemmy sniffed, "I told you I don't have a list.  I was going in there to find some things to make my safe place better.  Now I'll have to go see what I need."
A Nagini swam into view on the sensor.  Josh said, "I don't think anyone's going anywhere for a bit.  Cherry, do you think I could fly closer?  We don't have to worry too much about pirates —"
Lemmy ducked into her suit as she cried, "Pirates?  Where?  Demmy, pirates are going to kill us now."
Josh said, "No, Lemmy.  I said pirates won't be bothering us here.  We didn't know so we set up to defend against them.  Now we can get closer to that Alcantaran ship.  Have you ever seen any shield generators in there?"
"I think so, but they won't have any fuel."
"We have fuel now, thanks to the Nagini.  We have to keep the ones around Naca set up to keep our oxygen in."
Lemmy sighed, "I'd like to help, but I'm getting awfully hungry."
Cherry rolled his eyes.  Josh said, "I could use something too.  Cherry, let's eat then move the ship.  We can fly a sensor in there to cut down the search time."
"You two go eat.  I'll stay here with the sensors."
Josh said, "You might get signatures on the Nagini and set our remotes to spot them.  I'd like a little advance warning before the big ones get here.  No, Lemmy, they aren't here yet.  We'll have plenty of warning."
As Josh pulled his way along the passageway, his mind whirled with their dilemma.  The more he tried to put the pieces together, the more his head hurt.  By the time he reached the galley, he felt his vision narrow down to a tunnel vision.  He head pounded.
Deliberately clearing his mind, he tried to relax as he pulled food out for Lemmy and himself.  Lemmy wouldn't touch any of the meat, but gladly ate vegetables and fruits.  Josh watched the pile quickly diminish.
Lemmy pushed some of the things she didn't like to her left.  She said, "There, Demmy.  Eat up."
Josh wanted to laugh, but his head hurt too much.  When they finished, Lemmy cleaned up.  She put everything where Josh told her.  After starting back to the cockpit, Josh felt sick.  His head hurt much worse and his legs throbbed.
Going to the intercom, he called Cherry.  "I'm not going to make it.  My head and legs are killing me.  I have to go to bed."
"Go ahead.  I can search.  Send Lemmy in here.  She can start making a list of what we'll need.  Using the sensor will be much safer than trying to go there ourselves."


Chapter 10


Josh woke with a feeling of impending disaster.  Then he remembered the news Lemmy had given them.  Five hundred years in the past and who knew how far from where he had found the pirates.
Moaning a little as he swung his legs over the side of the bed, he muttered, "I'd better go see if those two have killed each other yet.  They're just like a couple of little kids."
Josh pulled himself into the cockpit to find Cherry still surveying the Alcantaran spaceship.  Lemmy's spacesuit lay in a corner.  Funny little noises emanated from it.  Cherry, sensing something behind him, turned.  He asked, "Your head better today?"
"Yeah, a lot better.  Seems like I don't do good with surprises now.  I hope this is just from the concussion and I get over it soon."
"You most likely will."
Josh grinned and pointed, "What's with the noises there?"
Cherry grunted disgustedly, "I don't know if that's normal sleep noises or she's eating in there.  I'd hate to be around a bunch of those critters.  They'd drive you crazy – awake or asleep."
"Did she give you any kind of a list?  What are we looking at?"
"I've got quite a list.  It's a good thing we know about the rare earth minerals.  We may need some to buy this stuff."
"Yeah, but how do we get the minerals and then get to the parts store?  I think we're going to wind up searching the city.  Did Lemmy have any idea how long it would take to get that ship serviceable?"
"At least two months without any help.  Somehow, we've got to get my arm working.  I think —"
"We're going to have to go into the repair depot."
Cherry nodded, "Yeah.  How do we do all of that with the Nagini around?"
"I don't know.  If it takes two months to get that ship flyable, how long to get us to a planet?  Will it do us any good to go to the one out there?  Do they have any parts, fuel or food?"
"I don't even know what planet it is yet."
Josh said, "Speaking of food, I'm hungry now.  Cherry, what do we do about —"
Cherry's glare and shake of his head stopped Josh.  Lemmy said, "Did I hear something about food?  I could sure use some."
Cherry said, "We need that food replicator.  At this rate, our food will only last another two weeks."
Josh frowned at him, "We'll do what we have to do.  Come on, Lemmy.  Let's go get something to eat, then get to work.  Did you say you'd spotted equipment to fix Cherry's arm in the repair depot?"
"I can straighten it some.  I don't think everything I need is in there to completely fix it."
At breakfast, they kicked around ideas about how to get the things they needed from the city and the repair depot.  None of them seemed a hundred percent foolproof against the Nagini.  No one wanted to volunteer to test them out.
As they finished, Josh said, "For now, let's move Naca closer to that other ship.  Cherry, what have the snakes been doing?"
"I haven't seen hide nor hair of them.  Of course, I didn't move the sensor back in the city."
"So as far as we know, none of them are out here."
Lemmy asked, "What are you two talking about?"
Cherry said, "About the Nagini.  I don't think any of them are out here.  They're all in the city.  If we move the ship and none come out, I could —"
Lemmy asked, "What about the five somewhere out there?  They'll be coming back."
Josh said, "We can't sit here forever.  We have to do something.  Did you find any shield generators?"
Cherry said, "No, but they could be in any of several storage areas.  I'll have to go over there to be sure."
Josh said, "I can go."
Lemmy said, "I won't."
Cherry puffed out a breath, "We didn't expect you to.  I'll go, Josh.  Your legs still won't let you maneuver like you need to."
Five minutes of argument brought the conclusion that Cherry would have to go.  Cherry hurried to the shield generator he had set up.  He changed the setting to let Naca move.  The others waited on him in the cockpit.
When he arrived, Josh settled in the pilot's seat to move the spaceship.  He watched the view screens and jockeyed the rear of Naca up to the other ship.  As he settled down, Cherry announced, "No Nagini.  They've kept their heads in the city."
Lemmy said, "But you still don't know about the big ones."
Josh said, "I'm going to launch our last remote detector.  I'll set it just off the asteroid.  If anything heads this way, we'll know."
Lemmy said, "I hope Twinkles there can move fast when you get the warning.  I know those things can."
Josh said, "Me, too.  I had the cycle full power and that thing still caught me."
All the talk of Nagini speed didn't make Cherry any too happy.  He stomped out to reset the shield.  Josh flew the sensor a short distance into the city, but didn't see anything.  Backing it out, he set it to give a warning if anything moved within passive detection range.
Cherry called, "I've got my breathing apparatus on.  How do you read me?"
Josh answered, "Loud and clear.  Are you going over now?"
"If there's no snakes around."
"I don't see any on the detector or sensor.  I flew it a little ways into the city, but nothing showed up."
"OK, I'm off."
"Cherry, is the power unit still there?"
"Yes."
"You might want to hook it up so you could turn the ship's shield on."
"I won't have enough power to withstand much of anything."
"Maybe just some little Nagini.  They could get through the same holes you do.  The big ones can't.  Take a vibro-knife too.  If one swallows you, it'll take off a head slicker than a whistle."
"I'll pass on getting swallowed.  I don't have an external skin like you did.  I will take the knife though."
In a few minutes, Josh and Lemmy saw him work through the shield and climb into the Alcantaran ship.  The sensor followed him through the hole.  Cherry worked his way to the power unit in the cockpit.  He carried it back to the mechanical room.
The sensor provided light for him to see when he opened the door.  Stepping inside, he looked around.  Lemmy said, "There, to your left.  What does that say on those gauges?"
Cherry stared for a few seconds.  He muttered, "How did I get the junky translator?  It's still just gibberish."
Josh glanced at Lemmy.  She had her ears back and they were working in a worried manner.  Josh said, "Cherry, you might want to adjust your translator a little."
He snarled, "Fur ball's been at it again, huh?  I'll get her for this."
Lemmy ducked into her suit until she could just peek over the neck.  Josh had to wipe his mouth to keep his grin from showing.  Cherry said, "Now.  The gauges are divided for front, center and rear shields.  There's about a dozen for each section.  Lemmy, you little flea bag, do you have any idea how this works?"
"Most likely they have several nodes on the hull.  Those gauges are used to set and balance the field strength.  Similar ones on other ships can be controlled and set from the situation room and cockpit.  You're standing in front of the primary controls."
"When I crawled through that hole, I saw a lot of cut wires.  Do you think that will affect the shields?"
Lemmy half closed her eyes as she thought, "Could be.  There should be redundant wiring.  The big question will be if anything is shorted.  Are there some switches down below the gauges?"
"Yes.  There's a console full of them."
Josh asked, "Lemmy, what happens if wiring is shorted?"
"I hope some of those switches are breakers.  Otherwise…"
Cherry said, "Otherwise we have a useless power unit."
Josh asked, "How are you going to connect it?"
Cherry answered, "I have no idea.  I can't see any place in here to plug this unit in."
Lemmy said, "You're going to have to cut the cable on your power unit and splice it into a cable to the ship's shields."
Cherry said, "I guess that means I'll be tearing this panel apart.  I don't know how I'll tell which are incoming wires and which are outgoing."
Josh said, "If you run into a problem, Lemmy can give you a hand."
Lemmy stuttered, "I'm – I'm not going over there.  The big Nagini are due back.  You haven't seen them.  I have."
Josh said, "We can move the sensor and you can look at the images.  We can even do it in 3D."
"Oh, I can do that."
They both heard a grunt from Cherry.
Cherry worked for two hours to get the panel and console apart.  Josh tried to watch him while keeping an eye on the detector and sensor.  Lemmy watched for awhile, then retreated into her spacesuit.  Josh could hear munching and smacking.
Josh asked, "Lemmy, why don't you take that spacesuit off?  You breathe the same oxygen mix that we do."
He heard a couple more munches then her head appeared above the neck.  She answered, "It's not safe.  Demmy and I agreed to stay safe.  See, he's still in his."
Cherry, tuned into their conversation, muttered, "Crazy as a twitterbug."
Josh interrupted him before Lemmy heard, "Are you going to cut the incoming cable or just tap into it?"
"Tap into it.  I don't want to have to come back after we get some fuel in this bird.  There's enough work without adding to it."
"I wish I could get over there and help."
"Just keep an eye out for the Nagini."
Josh sat quietly for a few minutes, then said, "Cherry, do you ever remember hearing about the Nagini before?"
Cherry jerked his head up to stare at the sensor.  He frowned and his jaw clenched.  "No, but that doesn't mean anything.  We were in a different galaxy.  These snakes might be a local phenomenon or be known by other names elsewhere."
"Yeah, I guess you're right.  All this thinking is making my head hurt."
"Well, stop thinking and monitor those sensors.  I want some warning if the monsters come out to play."
"I've got them all set to automatically give a warning."
Cherry stood up, "There, I've got one wire hooked up.  I'm going to give it a little power to test connections."
Josh watched him walk to the power unit and push some buttons.  The sensor inside the Alcantaran ship showed no difference, but Naca's sensors dinged to let him know that another spaceship had appeared.
Josh said, "I can see some shield towards the nose.  It looks pretty spotty."
"That's what the gauges say, too."  Cherry flipped switches on the console.  "Now what do you see?"
"A better pattern.  I think there might still be one or two holes."
"I'm going to go with that for now.  Once I have something up, I'll work on one section at a time.  It doesn't seem to be drawing too much power from the unit."
"That's good."
Lemmy said, "That means you don't have a short in that section.  The holes could be from nodes that are out or unhooked."
Cherry said, "What happened?  Eat all of your morning snack?"
"Not all of it.  Demmy ate some."
Cherry just shook his head.  He turned the power off, then went back to work on the other cables.  Josh glanced at Naca's sensors to see that the shields were still visible on the old ship.  He said, "Cherry, didn't you shut off the power?  Your shields are still up."
"What!  I shut it off.  Hmmm, looks like this connection fed some of the power into the power plant for this ship.  It shouldn't last very long."
"You're right.  They're already starting to fade.  Do you think if that ship had some fuel that systems would fire right up?"
"Ask the expert beside you."
Josh turned, "Lemmy, what do you think?"
"I don't know.  I've heard these Alcantaran ships are pretty incredible.  I know they're supposed to be more advanced than anything I've seen, but that could be – ah – stories."
Josh chuckled, "Yeah, I've heard some of those.  Get a group of spaceship pilots in a bar and lube them up with a little rocket fuel, then let the stories roll.  First liar doesn't stand a chance."
A few minutes later, Cherry said, "I've got all of them wired now.  Let's see what we've got."
He flipped on the power and Josh stared at Naca's sensors.  All of the ship except a narrow band around the damaged part had a shield.  Josh said, "You've got shields.  There's a band around the holes that doesn't have anything.  If you can adjust size and shape, you'd have full coverage."
Cherry said, "Hmmm, I think that's what these two dials do.  How's that?"
"Let me send you an image.  It'll be easier.  I'll use your sensor to make a 3D image for you."
Josh worked with the ship's computer and soon Cherry had his image to work with.  He worked for half an hour until he had a full shield around the old spaceship.  As he tweaked on the last row, an alarm went off in Naca.
Josh's eyes jerked to the view screens for the remote detector.  Nothing showed on it.  His glance went to the entrance to the city.  He yelled, "Cherry, the snakes are coming out to play.  Wow!  There's over a hundred of all sizes."
The remote detector alarm went off.  Josh stared at it.  Five huge shapes appeared.  Four smaller ones followed behind.  Josh yelled, "Cherry, get out of there.  No!  Wait a minute.  The Nagini from the city are all over your shield.  There's no way you can get back here.  Don't turn off your shield."
"You don't have to worry about that.  Feed the image in here."
Josh strained to get things set up.  He fed the image from the sensor in the city, the remote detector and Naca's into Cherry.  Movement to his right caught his attention.  Lemmy had ducked into her spacesuit and curled into a ball under the copilot's seat.
As the forms in space moved nearer, they came into optical view.  Josh stared with his mouth open.  Three of the Nagini were as big as the Alcantaran ship.  The detector measured them at two hundred fifty feet long and seventy-five feet in diameter.  The next two were a hundred and fifty feet.  The four bringing up the rear were just a little bigger than the one he had killed.
Cherry said, "It's been nice knowing you, buddy.  I don't see how we can escape from those things."
Josh said, "Do you think I should try to fire on them?"
"Did your blaster do any good – on the inside?"
"No, you're right.  Firing will just make them mad and drain our fuel faster."
The swirling mass of the smaller ones on the asteroid caught his attention.  They were rushing out from under the land bridge to go meet the newcomers.  The leviathans didn't even slow down.  They swam through, headed straight to the land bridge.
The smaller Nagini swarmed around the larger ones like a moving writhing cloud.  When the lead monster saw the two spaceships with the shields up, it stopped.  With a flip of its tail, half the group went to Naca's side of the land bridge.  The other half continued on their way.
Josh and Cherry stood in silence as they watched the nightmare unfold before them.  The lead Nagini shot straight at the ancient Alcantaran ship.  Its mouth opened wide enough to swallow the entire ship in one gulp.
Cherry reached down to increase the size of the shields.  The power unit gave off a whine.  The mouth engulfed the front of the shield.  The power unit's whine increased to a painful shriek.  Smoke started to billow out from it.  Cherry grabbed his vibro-knife and sliced the cable from it.  The shrill sound dropped to silence.
Another monster from Naca's side hit the shields from the side.  Josh closed his eyes, not wanting to see any more.  A blast of sound knocked him from his feet.  The jar to his pelvis and legs made lights flash inside his eyelids.  After a second, he forced them open.  On the view screens, he saw the Nagini writhing back away from the land bridge.
Josh pulled himself to his feet and stared at the Alcantaran spaceship.  The shields were so big they now covered Naca.  Swarms of the Nagini thrashed around outside the shield.  Suddenly, one of the twenty-footers dashed forward with its mouth open.
When it hit the shield, it hung there for a few seconds.  Then smoke erupted from the tail and worked its way forward.  The huge snake glowed red, turned cherry red, then brilliant white.  The shield blazed until the white went out.  When the light stopped, the Nagini turned to ash and drifted away.
The five largest ones backed away from the asteroid and swam to another rock nearby.  Those remaining dashed for the city.  Josh saw them crowding through the entrance.  Soon blackness and silence greeted his eyes and ears.
The signal from the sensor inside the other spaceship had stopped.  Josh worked the computer trying to reestablish contact.  Moans from the spacesuit under the co-pilot's chair went unheeded as he worked furiously on the computer.


Chapter 11


Josh's knees felt weak when the images returned.  He started to panic when Cherry didn't appear in them.  Then the android stepped into view.  Josh shouted, "What just happened?  Are you alright?"
"I'm fine.  I lost all contact with you when that big sucker hit the shield.  It must have been sucking energy like crazy because I thought the power unit was going to blow.  I cut the cable."
"If you cut the cable, how did the shields get bigger and stronger?"
"I don't know.  Hold on a minute.  I want to check something."
The sensor followed Cherry as he went to a different wall.  He said, "Oh, no.  I hope there aren't any self-destruct mechanisms still working on here.  This ship now has a full load of power."
Josh yelled, "What!  How can – I know – from the Nagini.  Remember?  Naca is full now, too.  Your shield must be set to automatically collect energy.  When you cut the cable, it let all the energy from that big snake go straight to your ship's power source."
"That must be why the beast made so much noise.  It knocked me out for a few seconds."
"It knocked me off my feet.  I can only imagine what it must have been like being in the mouth of that thing.  What are you going to do now?  Can you get back to Naca?"
"I can get back.  All I have to do is shut down some of the shield.  I'll check to see if I can do the same as we do on Naca and only allow certain things to pass through.  Right now, I've got to get into that computer to see if there is a self-destruct."
As Cherry walked to another wall to find a computer access, Josh checked the remote detector to see what the bigger Nagini were doing.  Five energy sources lay on the same asteroid.  Working the sensor at the entrance to the city, he saw blackness.  He flew it in until he saw the dead monster.  Smaller Nagini were still picking pieces off of the carcass.  Turning around, he flew back out and then set it to monitor the entrance.
Cherry called, "Josh, I got into the computer.  I didn't find a self-destruct.  Bad news though.  The AI portion of the computer is missing.  Without it, I can't access a lot of the data base."
"Can we use Naca's AI and computer to plot course and fly?"
"I don't know without some more checking.  It's a thought though.  I did find six shield generators if they're still where the inventory says they are.  I'm going to check now.  There's nothing more I can do in here for now."
The sensor followed the android as he made his way to the rear of the spaceship.  The bright lights in the ship made it much easier to see details they had missed before.  Cherry didn't waste time looking around though.  He quickly marched to the storage area.
When he opened the door, he saw the six generators and a grav-sled.  Loading two of the generators on it, he pushed them to the rear airlock.  Cycling the door, he made his way to Naca.  A few minutes later, he walked into the cockpit.
Lemmy sat up as he walked in.  Cherry strode directly to her and picked her up.  She dangled two feet off the deck.  Letting out a squeak, she tried to sink down in the spacesuit.  Cherry's grip didn't let that happen.
He said, "Little fur ball, you messed with the wrong person when you screwed up my translator.  I think I'll cut off one arm of this suit.  If your arm happens to be there, too bad.  It won't matter much when I throw you out of the shield toward that city entrance."
Lemmy let out a pitiful wail.  Josh started to move, but Cherry said, "Shut up.  The only reason I don't is because you have some idea what's in that repair depot.  You said you could straighten my arm with the equipment in there, so let's go."
The wail became more loud and pathetic.  Cherry shook the suit and the wail stopped.  Lemmy's eyes didn't shrink any in size though.  When the android turned with Lemmy still in his clutches, Josh asked, "What are you going to do now?"
"We're going to fix my arm."
"Wait and I'll get my spacesuit on.  I can come with you."
Cherry glared at him, "No.  I still have my blaster.  The little vermin is going to fix my arm or I'll blow her arm off.  You need to stay here to monitor things.  If she gets my arm fixed, we'll round up some of the equipment needed to repair that ship."
"Take a grav-cycle.  It can tow that sled and it'll be much faster."
"Good idea.  Let's go, little one."
Running his right arm through one of the electrical wires holding the suit up, Cherry strode down the passageway.  Several times, the spacesuit slapped the walls.  In the rear of Naca, Cherry wrestled the grav-cycle out the airlock.  After hooking it to the grav-sled, he set a shield generator to cover everything.
He set Lemmy down on the sled and set the second generator to make a shield over her.  Fiddling with the controls, he made sure she couldn't get out.  Going back in the ship, he slid the last power unit outside along with three lights.  Once they sat on the sled, he secured everything.  Cherry said, "Better hang on and set your comm to my frequency.  I want to get in there and get my arm fixed."
Lemmy just huddled on the sled.  Cherry eased out of the spaceships' shields then blasted for the repair depot.  He asked, "Where are the tools to fix my arm?"
"About midway to the back on the right side.  There's a machine shop."
"Anything up higher?"
"I don't know.  I never had light to see."  Her tremulous voice screamed tears and terror, but Cherry ignored it.
Flying the cycle higher, he picked up speed.  He tried to keep an eye to the sides to see if they would have company.  The shield generators were set to collect any energy, so he didn't think they would have too much trouble with the Nagini.  When the radar showed they had reached halfway, he slowed and dropped down.  Moving closer to the wall, he looked for a machine shop.
The opening to the shop appeared in the lights of the cycle.  Cherry moved as close to the door as possible.  Climbing off, he grabbed a portable light from the cycle.  Inside the shop, he saw dozens of machines.  To the right, he saw the machine Lemmy had described.
Going back to the cycle, he expanded the shield to completely block the door.  Then he took the power unit close to the machine.  After he had lights on, he went back to get Lemmy.  When he picked up the little Ezrawe, she whimpered, "I don't want to go in there.  The Nagini —"
"Are locked out.  See that shield?  They can't get past that.  Now, get to work on that machine.  I want my arm fixed."
Lemmy dropped from his grasp to the floor.  She looked at the shop press, then at the door.  Slowly, she backed around the machine so she could keep an eye on the door.  After a few minutes of testing the machine and getting the tools she needed, she relaxed a little.
She said, "OK, I think it's as ready as it ever will be.  If you feel anything in that arm, this is going to hurt."
"I've shut off the pain receptors.  What do I do?"
"Put your arm between the uprights.  Now twist a smidge.  OK, can you hold that?"
"Yes."
Lemmy started pumping.  The rod connected to the hydraulic ram on the top came down to the piece of angle iron she'd found.  The metal sat on top of Cherry's arm.  The pressure from the ram pushed down.  The first inch moved easily, then movement stopped.  Lemmy pumped but the handle became harder and harder to move.
She said, "I can't move it any more.  I'm hanging off the handle and it won't move."
"Get something for leverage."
"I don't think it will do any good.  What's your arm made of anyway?  This press isn't big enough."
"Well, let me out.  Is there another one?"
Lemmy looked around, then pointed.  "There's one, but it needs power.  It's much bigger and will put out much more pressure."
"We can jury-rig something from the power unit.  You get started on that.  I'll find something to test on before I stick my arm in there."
While Lemmy hooked up the machine and ran it a few times, Cherry found some bent pipes.  Carrying them back to the press, he handed one to Lemmy.  She put it in and moved a lever.  The ram lowered and pressed down on the pipe.  Inching the lever down, the pipe soon straightened out.
Cherry handed her another one and she put it in.  This pipe had bends in two directions.  Lemmy turned and twisted it until she decided it would have to do.  The ram crept down again.  As she put a little more pressure on, a bang came from the machine.  The pipe flew out of the press and hit another machine across the room.  It ricocheted around the room for several seconds.
Cherry said, "That doesn't look good.  What happened?"
"It had too many bends.  I couldn't keep all the pressure going in one direction."
"My arm's bent about the same.  I don't want it trying to fly across the room."
"I'll have to make something to keep it straight.  Go get that pipe."
Lemmy and Cherry tried several different pipes for the next thirty minutes before they were ready to try his arm again.  When he stuck his arm in the contraption they had made, his skin paled.  Lemmy noticed, "Are you alright?  Your skin looks lighter and those stars underneath are a different color."
"I'm fine.  I just don't like this.  I want you to know I can shoot equally well with my left hand.  You mess this up and I'm going to blow your right leg off."
"Why are you so angry?"
"I'm not.  Androids don't have feelings."
"You could have fooled me."
Cherry's lips compressed into a thin line, "Let's get this over with.  We have other work to do."
The tiny stars under his skin blinked rapidly and turned a sickly green.  His skin faded to a pale blue as Lemmy inched the lever down.  The press ram dropped and moved the curve in his arm, straightening it little by little.  Lemmy's fingers quivered with nervousness as she moved the lever.
At last, the arm appeared to be straight.  Cherry tensed as Lemmy kept the lever moving.  He grunted, "What are you doing?  It's straight."
"I know but it'll spring back.  I need to go just a little more.  There.  Now to release the pressure."
Cherry saw the ram move back to the top.  He wiggled his hand for the first time in days.  Lemmy said, "Take it out and let's take a look."
When he pulled it out, they both could see the slight bend.  Cherry rotated his arm in different directions as he moved his hand around.  At one point, the hand stuck until he nudged it with his left hand.
Picking up one of their test pipes, he gave it a squeeze with the right hand.  The end of the pipe buckled.  Lemmy said, "I didn't do that.  I have no control over your settings."
"Relax, fur bag.  I just want to see if I'd lost any power in that hand.  It's down eight percent but acceptable."
"Is that all you want to do?  I can straighten it a little more."
"No, let's stop now.  It's usable and I don't care about pretty.  Ugh, I just switched on the feeling.  It aches now."
"Is that bad?"
"It's just a sign that it needs more adjustment, but I'll wait until I can get to an android repair depot."
Lemmy let out her pent up breath.  Cherry said, "Let's get the tools you need and get back to the ship.  I want to start repairing as soon as possible."
They wandered around in the shop with Lemmy choosing and Cherry doing the heavy lifting.  Soon they had the grav-sled loaded and secured.  Lemmy looked at it, "There's no place for me."
"You get to be a cycle mama.  Climb on behind me and hold on."
Cherry didn't do anything crazy with all the equipment on the sled, but Lemmy still held onto him for dear life.
By the time they had the sled unloaded, Cherry declared, "That's enough for the day.  We'll start fresh tomorrow."
He led the way into Naca.  Finding Josh asleep in the cockpit, he checked the healer unit.  His face drew into a scowl.  Lemmy stood to the side watching.  She whispered, "What is it?"
"He's losing calcium from his bones.  He needs gravity."
"I'll get the other ship going so we can have it.  I like him."
"Meaning you don't like me?"
Lemmy remained silent.  Cherry quietly led the way to the galley.  They fixed some food and ate in silence.  When they finished, Lemmy cleaned up.  She said, "I'm tired."
She walked out of the galley and went to the room Josh had given her as quarters.  Cherry sat there thinking for a few more minutes then went to check on Josh again.  As he walked in, Josh's eyes opened.  He said, "I must have dozed off.  I started thinking again and developed one of my headaches.  It was a doozy."
"Josh, you've got to give your body time to heal."
"Yeah, but we need to get off this rock.  When we get to flying in space, I can rest.  I did come to one conclusion."
"Oh, what's that?"
Josh sat up, "We need to find out where we're at.  Then we need to get back to our solar system."
"What good will that do us if we're five hundred years in the past?"
"Well, that's where the headache came in.  I haven't really decided that yet, but there must be some way back if we got here in the first place."
"Maybe.  It may be beyond our technology.  I don't really want to go through another nuclear blast to try.  What if it shoves us five hundred or five thousand more years in the past?"
Josh laughed, "Shove us far enough back and we might meet these Alcantarans.  They'd be able to help us get to our own time."
"Josh, we have to be extremely careful.  Being five hundred years in the past could cause catastrophic changes."
"You mean like me never being born or the man who invented your brand of androids not being born?"
"Yes, exactly.  Anything we do here could disrupt the future – our present time."
"Well, if I come across a pirate that needs killing, I'll still do it.  Those vermin don't deserve to live in any time."
"That may be, but you need to think before you act.  What if one of them changes or fathers one of the leaders of a planet?"
Josh groaned and held his head in his hands, "Now you're making my head hurt again.  Let's just take it a day at a time.  How's the arm?"
"Still a little crooked but I can use my hand now.  It catches once in awhile."
"At least that will make the work go faster.  How'd Lemmy do?"
Cherry pointed at his arm, "She did this.  We had to try two different machines and she knew how to work both of them."
Josh frowned, "What do we do with her when we leave here?  We can't take her to the future, but I don't want to leave her here by herself again."
"Let's get that old bird flying before we worry about that.  As many things as are missing, we may need her for some time after we get to flying.  We may need to get to the real world to buy parts."
"Speaking of which.  You need to let me know what you need right away.  I can use the sensor to check out the repair depot.  If I spot something, I can take the cycle and sled to pick them up.  That way, I'll feel like I'm helping some."
"I can tell you something right now.  We need those computer parts and some of the flight controls for the cockpit.  I'll call in a list to Naca as we find them.  I don't know how many parts you'll find in there but anything will help."
"I thought of something.  When I checked things out in there, I stayed close to the floor.  I remember the roof was over a mile high.  With that much room, do you think the people who ran this stacked the spaceships in there?  Could there be more storerooms up high?"
"Good questions for you to answer tomorrow.  Are you hungry?"
"Yeah, a little."
"I'll go get you something.  You need to rest your legs and pelvis.  Heal as much as you can because in a few days we're going to get gravity in that old ship and move in there."
"Ugggh, that sounds painful.  Go get me something to eat and I'll deal with that when it comes."


Chapter 12


After breakfast, Cherry and Lemmy went to the Alcantaran ship.  An hour later, they called in parts for Josh to look for.  Activating the sensor in the entrance to the city, he looked for Nagini.  None came in range of the passive devices.  As he moved it inside the repair depot, he looked along the right side.
Things near the entrance were much like they had been in the city.  In the shops trash had been scattered and the items for sale appeared to be picked over.  Some lay on the floor broken.  Josh looked at five then flew the sensor up.  Today, he could read the signs in the windows and on the walls.
Backing out of the shops, he flew higher.  He could see supple cables, pipes and giant flexible tubes attached to the wall.  He knew he had found docking stations for visiting spaceships.  When he flew in one of the tubes, he found a closed door at the end of it.  These connected the spaceships to the complex to allow crews to enter the shops and living quarters.
He flew closer to the cables.  Examination showed him connections for oxygen, water, fuel and other necessities.  Some of the pipes and cables must have taken those same items from the ship.  Moving away, he continued to explore.
A mile from the entrance he found large openings in the rock face.  They led to passageways leading deeper into the complex.  Josh flew the sensor up toward the ceiling.  The openings continued almost to the top.
Out of curiosity he flew the sensor to the opposite wall.  The same openings marked this side.  He knew he could fly his cycle from opening to opening.  Was this how these people moved around in this place?  Josh moved back to the other side and down about half the length of the block.
Flying in an opening, he moved along the passageway.  A cross-street came into view.  He turned to the left and flew along the passageway.  Along both sides he saw offices with names on the windows interspersed with shops.
He saw offices for shipping agents with most seeming to specialize in one or two types of merchandise.  They offered metals, raw ore, robots, medicines, tools and a host of other goods.  The shops offered the same things.  Josh saw clothing stores, parts for spaceships, weapons and shields for spaceships, beds, bedding and anything a spacer could need.
Most of the shops and offices on this level looked like they hadn't been touched in the looting that had taken place on the lower level.  Josh moved to the next cross-street and turned right.  How far did this complex extend into the asteroid?
After the fifth cross-street, Josh started seeing bars and entertainment places on the corners.  He didn't fly down those streets, but knew they would have more of the same.  He'd been on enough trading planets to know the routine.
Ten more cross-streets brought him to a broad boulevard.  To the right, he saw a large empty area.  Turning on the radar, he checked it out.  It was a shaft one hundred yards by one hundred yards going from the floor to the ceiling.  This had to be the way that goods were moved from one level to another.
Going back to the center of the boulevard, Josh moved the opposite direction.  He found a few shops and offices on his left.  To the right, very few walk doors appeared.  Huge hangar type doors dotted the wall as far as the light reached.  Moving closer, he inspected the signs.  This area appeared to be warehouses.  He muttered, "Too bad I don't have a map.  One of these places could hold everything we need.  It'll take months and months to search though."
Increasing the sensor's speed, he flew down the boulevard.  The shops and offices continued as well as the hangar doors.  Josh guessed that some of the merchandise must be huge or these people had moved giant stacks of it.  Halfway down the length of the repair depot, he came to another wide cross boulevard.
Cherry called, "Josh, are you having any luck finding parts?"
"I'm finding places that might have it, but I don't have any of your stuff in sight, yet."
"If you could find three or four more Ezrawe or other workers, this job would go much quicker."
"How about some robots?"
"If they're the right type and can be programmed, they might work.  Did you spot some of them?"
"I did in the city.  I'm sure there'll be some in the depot, too.  Cherry, I have a problem.  I've found fifteen levels.  The level I'm on has sixteen streets with offices and shops.  On the last street are some more of the same plus what looks like warehouses.  I have no idea if any of these places have merchandise, but it'll take months if not years to search all of them.  I don't want to be blundering around in a footwear store when we need gravity-differentiators.  Any suggestions?"
"Have the sensor fly as fast as it can, recording the names and advertising on the doors.  Set it to cross-reference by location.  Then you can do a sort and search."
"Hmmm, that sounds like it might work.  I could go in person to check out the store or warehouse.  That should drastically cut down the time."
Cherry said, "You wouldn't even have to wait to start searching for some of the specific needs we have."
"I'll start with the robots.  You can program them."
"We'll need something besides the cycle and grav-sled to jockey things around.  See what they used in there to move freight."
"Aye, aye, captain.  I'll get right on it."
"Smart aleck.  I'm going back to work."
Josh watched as Cherry tore into the dashboard on the old ship.  He flew the sensor to Lemmy to find her clearing debris and checking wires.  Seeing that the two had plenty to keep them busy, he settled down to construct a search program.
Three days later, Josh had the program built and tested.  He started the sensor out on the second level near the entrance.  Letting it fly the programmed course, he turned to observe the other two.  They had most of the damaged material cleared away and were working to correct some of the problems.
An alarm jerked his head to the view screens.  Naca's sensor had picked up movement near the city entrance.  As he watched, Josh saw a small group of the ten to twenty foot Nagini slowly move out of the city.  He reached for the comm button to call Cherry, but hesitated when the snakes stopped.  They floated about thirty feet off the ground.
Josh zoomed in on them and saw that their eyes were focused on the old ship.  The mass of aliens moved around each other but didn't come any closer.  As the bodies moved, the eyes never wavered from their stare.  It gave Josh the willies.
Suddenly, more appeared.  They moved toward the opening on the other side of the land bridge.  Josh quickly checked the detector to see the big ones were moving back toward their position.  He called Cherry.
Cherry said, "What are they doing?"
"The big ones are right outside the land bridge.  All the smaller ones are swimming out to them.  Now they're swarming all over them.  The big ones are just floating."
"Keep an eye on them.  I'm going back to the room with the shield controls.  I still don't have a good connection to them with the computer."
Josh watched the readings and images from Naca's sensors.  The radiation and energy readings skyrocketed.  He reached for the comm, but Cherry beat him to it.  "What are they doing now?"
"Still the same.  The radiation and energy readings are going crazy though.  That mass of smaller ones is rubbing all over the bigger ones.  It looks like a feeding frenzy in a fish hatchery."
"Send me a picture in here.  I wonder what they're up to."
Josh sent the images to the sensor inside the ship.  After about a half hour, the smaller ones started to move back into the city.  When the last one left, the larger ones swam out of view.  The remote detector followed them until they disappeared into the asteroid field.
Cherry asked, "Do you have the readings on the larger ones?  How much energy are they putting off now compared to what they did before?"
"I don't have any readings on before.  I'll save these readings though."
"Looks like the crisis is over so I can go back to work.  Are you finding anything with your search?"
"I had just started the sensor before we were interrupted.  I'll get back at it."
Both bounty hunters returned to their tasks.  An hour later, Josh found the warehouse holding robots.  His hand reached for the comm but pulled back.  Walking back to the rear of Naca, he worked back into his spacesuit.  Pushing the grav-cycle out, he went back for the sled.  He checked the shield generator and other gear before pulling everything out to hook to the cycle.
As he started to climb on the cycle, he remembered the translator.  Grunting, he stepped away and returned to his quarters to get it.  After he attached it, it took thirty minutes to get to the door of the warehouse.
Josh carefully checked as far as he could.  Nothing came into sight, but he kept the cycle as close as he could get it.  Pushing on the door, he almost fell in when it swung open.  His little hand light barely lit the doorway, so he set up the power unit and a light.  This lit a much bigger area.
In the light, he saw several rows of robots.  To his right, a row of bins sat along the same wall as the door.  He pulled himself along reading the labels on the bins.  In the bins sat cleaning bots, pet walkers, sewer crawlers and others whose function he had no idea.  Near the end of the bins he found wire repair bots.
Stacking the six bots in his arm, he made his way back to the sled.  After piling them on it, he returned to look for more robots.  The bins didn't yield any more useful items, so he started down the rows.  He found ag-workers, miners, street cleaners and household workers.  None of these looked like they could help repair the spaceship so he moved to another row.
This row held several different models that looked like they might work.  Josh worked one of the smaller models over to the sled and tied it on.  His legs were aching by this time so he decided to return to Naca.  Loading up the rest of the gear, he turned the cycle around.  Stopping, he set the shield generator to cover everything.
Coming to a wide cross-street, he turned to fly toward the repair depot.  As he flew out into the large bay, movement caught his eye.  Dozens of smaller Nagini swarmed around the shield.  Josh's hand tightened on the accelerator.  The snakes didn't attack but just crawled around on the outside of the shield.  Their eyes kept staring at him.  Josh shivered.
Keeping a steady pace toward the entrance, he tried to keep watch on his entourage.  Soon the monsters stopped and swam away into the darkness.  Josh breathed a sigh of relief.  He kept a finger on the brake just to give some light to the rear.
When he pulled into Naca's shield, he started to tremble.  Stopping outside, he set the cycle and sled down to the ground.  Leaving them there, he grabbed the small bots and took them inside.
After crawling out of the spacesuit, Josh took the bots to the workshop and tried to get them charged.  Two had instructions printed on the body.  The rest looked similar so he hoped Lemmy and Cherry would be able to use them.  His pelvis and legs started to bother him, so he set the bots down and went to his quarters.
Two hours later, excited voices woke him from his sleep.  Cherry and Lemmy came tramping into his quarters.  Cherry said, "I see you had some success today.  What else did you find?"
Josh grinned at his exuberance, "I found some more robots that looked like we could program them to help with the repairs.  I couldn't fit them on the sled though.  Sorry I didn't get the robot charged.  My legs gave out on me."
Lemmy said, "I think you did great.  After I eat, I'll charge it up and see about the programming."
The three talked about the progress Lemmy and Cherry had made on the ship as they headed to the galley.  Josh asked, "Did you look in the workshop?"
Cherry said, "No, why?"
"I found some wire repair bots.  I did get them charged."
Lemmy and Cherry started out the door to check them out until Josh said, "You walk out that door and you won't find a crumb of food when you get back."
They reluctantly came back to sit down to eat.  Cherry and Josh watched as Lemmy went through her usual routine of pulling food into the sleeve of her spacesuit and then eating it with her head out of sight.  She carried on an animated conversation with Demmy as she ate.
Josh said, "I had a little scare in there."
Cherry looked at him with a raised eyebrow, "Oh?"
"On the way back, I had an escort of several dozen smaller Nagini.  They didn't do anything but swarm around the shield, but it about made me pass out."
The noises from Lemmy's suit ceased and the top of her head appeared in the helmet.  Her eyes were much larger than normal.  She asked, "How fast did you get out of there?"
"Not very.  I took my time because I was afraid rapid movement might trigger an attack.  They swam along for a bit then disappeared."
She said, "Better you than me.  I don't like those things."
Josh chuckled, "I don't either, but someone has to get the things you guys need.  As long as they just look, I guess I can handle it."
Cherry said, "Be careful, I don't want to have to come rescue again."
"AGAIN?  Just what did you do before?  I don't remember seeing you in the city."
Cherry chuckled, "I stood at the door waiting for you, just like you wanted me to."
They began a bantering match as they continued to eat.  Lemmy's wide eyes showed above the body of her spacesuit.  Those eyes went back and forth between the others as she continued to shove food in her mouth and smack her lips.  When the bickering got too loud, she would slide a little farther into the spacesuit but never completely out of sight.
When they finished eating, Lemmy stood and announced, "I'm going to go fuel the robot and see if I can get it programmed."
Cherry said, "I'll look at the ones in the workshop."
Josh watched them go then went to the cockpit to check the sensors and detectors.  The detector near the planet showed a spaceship.  The translator enabled him to understand the exchange between planet and ship.
Laughing at the informal protocol, he mused how dangerous that would be in his world.  Pirates and other reprobates would have come in to loot and strip the planet of any wealth.  Josh did note that the comm signals weren't very strong.  They wouldn't carry far.
Listening to the exchange triggered a thought.  He looked at the frequency he had the detector set on.  The emergency broadcast didn't even come close.  Grabbing the comm he called Lemmy, "Lemmy, what frequency do you use for emergencies here?"
She told him and Josh saw why they hadn't had any response.  This emergency frequency wasn't in the same bandwidth.  If others out there had the same problem with translation, they would have no idea what he had broadcast.
Josh told the computer to shut off the emergency broadcasts from the remote detector.  He left the detector in place to warn of incoming ships.  With one last check, he moved to the workshop.
Cherry grinned as he came in, "These are going to save us a ton of time.  You'll have to find some wire right away to keep them busy though."
"Glad I could be of help.  I just found out why we haven't been getting any response from the emergency broadcast."
"Oh, why's that?"
"Wrong frequency and no one could understand us."
"That makes sense.  How'd you find out about the emergency frequency?"
"I asked Lemmy.  I'm headed to bed.  My pelvis is starting to feel like it's broken again.  I'll find wire tomorrow.  I also need to find a way to move more material."
"Make sure the power unit is fully charged and use it to refuel items.  We're sitting pretty good for fuel now and if we can get another snake to bite us, we won't have any problems in the foreseeable future."
"That might take some doing.  Those today didn't even try.  I'll see you in the morning."

The next morning over breakfast Lemmy chattered excitedly about the robot and kept asking when Josh would have some more.  Josh told her he would work on it today.  After Cherry and Lemmy took the new robots to start working, Josh suited up to see how he could get more robots.
Moving slowly to protect his pelvis and legs as much as possible, Josh refueled the power unit, cycle and sled.  As he threw his leg over the cycle, Naca's alarm went off.  Josh moved back inside to check it out.
The detector had a ship outlined.  The strange ship was approaching the asteroids.  As it did, it picked up speed.  One of the bigger Nagini lifted off its rock.  When it swam into view of the ship, Josh heard a transmission to the planet.
"Holy cow!  There's a monster coming after us.  I thought you said you had comm transmissions from there."
"We did.  It stopped yesterday.  That's why we wanted you to check it out."
"It's checked.  Don't come anywhere close to this place.  We're going to hyperspace to get away.  We'll collect our fee when we land."
"What fee…"
The ship winked out of normal space.  The Nagini drifted back to its rock and settled down.  Josh watched a few more minutes, then returned to the cycle.  He had a list of places to check out for the parts and wire they needed.


Chapter 13


Josh flew the cycle to the same block as the robots.  He kept a wary eye out for the Nagini but didn't see any.  The warehouse next to the robots hopefully had some of the parts Lemmy needed.
Landing next to the walk door, he tried it.  It was locked so he used his vibro-knife to disable the lock.  Pulling the power unit and lights inside, he set them up.  He found the parts he needed but they were much too high for him to get down by himself in his condition.
Thinking about it for a few minutes, he returned to the lights and power unit.  He shut them down and reloaded them.  Turning the cycle around, he went back to the robots warehouse.  A few minutes later, he had everything set up in there.  Going back to the robots, he struggled to get one to the power unit.
Hooking the robot up to the power unit, he soon had it charged.  Josh worked for another thirty minutes to get it programmed.  He watched as it went back to its slot and picked up two more.  It carried them to the power unit.  Josh charged them while the first robot went back for two more.
After all six robots were charged, Josh set them to follow his voice commands.  He had them load the lights and power unit on the sled then follow him to the other warehouse.  His eyes kept a search on the surrounding area to see if the snakes would bother the robots.  A sigh of relief escaped when they entered the door and the shield blocked it.
The robots set up the lights and power unit inside.  Josh started to go to the rack where the parts were, but stopped.  He directed two of the robots to carry the power unit and the lights.  As they moved the lights deeper into the complex, he spotted something toward the back.
When he and his column of robots reached it, he saw that it was a fliter made to fit between the rows of racks.  After checking it over he decided it just needed power.  Putting a small amount in, Josh tried the vehicle.  It was older than anything he had operated but not so much that he had any problem.  Setting it back down, he gave it more charge.
He had the robots load the power unit and set the lights so they worked as headlights.  After that, Josh flew up and down the aisles as the robots picked up the items they needed.  When the fliter bed was full, he flew to the large door of the warehouse.  Directing two of the robots to get off, he started to have them manually open the door.
Josh slapped his helmet over his forehead, "Stupid.  There's all sorts of snakes out there.  You don't have any protection."
He flew over to the walk door and directed one of the robots to get the extra shield generator.  Setting it on the fliter bed, he made sure it extended over his pilot's seat.  Climbing back into the pilot's seat, he flew to the door and directed the two robots to open it.  After he flew through, he directed them to close it and wait for him to return.
As he reached the old Alcantaran ship, he flew to the rear airlock and landed.  Cherry and Lemmy both answered his call.  They opened the airlock and came out to direct the robots carrying the parts.  After unloading everything, they kept the robots to start repairing in the spaceship.
Josh flew to Naca and recharged the power unit then flew back to the warehouse.  Stopping at the cycle, he loaded it on the fliter.  Moving to the large door, he instructed the robots to open it.  After closing it, they climbed aboard.  Josh flew the aisles again looking for more necessary repair items.
It took an hour to make it down the last aisle.  Going back to the door, he had the robots open it while he flew out.  They shut it and climbed on the fliter again.  Josh looked at the next warehouse on his list.
For the next three days this became his routine.  Cherry and Lemmy made more progress with the new help.  They both begged for more robots though.
Josh found three more in the warehouse but didn't think the others would do much good.  The sensor found two more robot warehouses three stories above, so Josh skipped the other warehouses on this level to check them out.
Between the two warehouses, Josh found enough robots to satisfy Cherry and Lemmy.  With the fliter and two robot assistants, he soon caught up with the parts demands except for a few key parts that eluded him.
Those missing parts elevated the frustration and tension at meals.  The conversation turned to them each day.  Cherry said, "Josh, we need to find these parts or a reasonable substitute.  We might be able to lift off this rock without them but it'll be like flying in a tin can.  If we run into any trouble, it'll be…"  The unfinished sentence lifted the tension even more.
A week later during supper Cherry announced, "Tomorrow, we're moving into the Belleterra Wanderer —"
Josh said, "The who?  What are you talking about?"
"Our new ship.  I found out her name when I went through some of the computer records.  She was christened the Belleterra Wanderer.  I think we should call her Belle for short."
Josh's eyebrow shot up, "You've made that much progress?  What are you using for air?"
"You'll have to get some of that ice in the repair depot.  It won't take long to convert it to gas.  With the air from Naca we should be fine."
"Good, we can get that spacesuit off Lemmy."
Lemmy's eyes grew in size.  She stopped in mid-chew and shook her head no as her ears laid back flat on her head.  She squeaked, "You can't take this away.  I'd die.  What if I need to escape from the snakes?"
Cherry said, "As gamy as you must be in that suit, I'm sure they'd just spit you out."
Lemmy just gave him a baleful stare.  Josh changed the subject, "How are you going to do it tomorrow?"
Cherry said, "I've already checked most of it.  While you get the ice, I'm going to pull the AI out of Naca and move it into Belle.  Once I have that I'll start turning everything on."
Josh said, "I'm glad my legs and pelvis are healed.  Getting back into gravity will feel weird after all this time."
Cherry said, "Yeah, you two are going to have to start an exercise routine to get prepared to land on a planet."
"Ugh.  I know I have to, but the thought of getting started just doesn't appeal to me.  How about you, Lemmy?"
Lemmy shook her head no, "I've got to finish these repairs and I need to —"
Cherry completed her sentence, "Do the exercises.  No excuses."
The Ezrawen's mouth curled down, her ears went flat and her eyes looked like they would flood with tears at any second.  Cherry snarled, "Don't try that sob-sister look with me.  You'll thank me when you have to run from a bunch of angry locals."
Lemmy slid down inside her spacesuit.  Cherry looked at Josh and whirled his finger at his temple.  Josh shrugged his shoulders.  Josh stood, "I'm going to bed.  It's going to be busy tomorrow and somehow, I think it'll be a long day."

Cherry watched as the two robots remade the rack to hold the AI.  He wanted to jump in and do it himself but he had another task he couldn't entrust to a robot.  Pulling the AI from Naca required his expertise and delicate touch.  Too much was at stake, including his, Josh's and Lemmy's lives to try it any other way.
He headed back to the rear airlock.  As he came into the cargo bay he saw Lemmy directing five robots.  She pointed to a spot that needed attention then directed one to it.  Two more were sent to attack the next damage.  Cherry grinned, thinking she looked like a symphony director guiding an orchestra.
Walking by her, Cherry said, "You need to get those holes fixed.  We'll have air coming in a short time.  I'm going to get the AI now."
Lemmy snapped, "I'm working on it.  We don't have the right metal to weld in.  I tried some of the pieces of Naca and they definitely won't work.  I've never seen metal like that.  I don't know where you got it.  Josh got me a few pieces of those other ships in the repair depot.  I'm going to try them next."
"Naca is unique.  We had her specially made.  What do you mean the pieces won't weld?"
"The metals are different.  They won't weld together.  If we were at a big repair place, I most likely could find two or three different welding rods that I could make work.  If those pieces Josh brought don't weld, I'll have to go to plan B."
"And what's plan B?"
Lemmy looked at him like he might be something gooey on the bottom of her shoe.  She said, "I'll have to put a plate on the outside and one on the inside.  I can bolt the two of them together and braze the outer side to make it airtight."
"That sounds pretty weak.  How will it do when we go into the atmosphere?"
"It is weak, but it's the only fix we have on this asteroid.  Just keep the shield up when we hit the atmosphere.  If you don't get into any space battles, you should be fine.  You don't plan on any battles, do you?"
Cherry hesitated as he remembered the event that landed them in this position in the first place.  He said, "I don't plan on it, but Josh might.  Make those patches as strong as possible."
Lemmy's face showed disgust then terror as she heard his advice.  As Cherry walked on he heard her say, "Demmy, honey we have a problem.  We're not going anywhere with those crazies.  We'll just send out word for someone else to come rescue us."
Cherry chuckled at her calling them crazy.  He headed for Naca motioning for an unoccupied robot to follow him.  The robot could do all the heavy lifting as he disconnected the AI.

Going to the cockpit, Cherry ran a check on all the sensors and detectors.  Everything looked normal with no Nagini moving in sight.  Cherry transferred control of the sensors, detectors and shield to his tablet.  It didn't have the power of the AI, but at least he had some control during the switch.
Inside Naca's computer room Cherry crawled into the tight space behind the computer rack made tighter by the pounding Naca had taken in the battle.  Straining to reach some of the connections, Cherry held his temper as he directed the robot to ease the climate controlled box containing the AI out a little.
Cherry wiggled and reached the last connection.  He yelled at the robot, "OK, take it out.  Easy.  Don't let it drop."
The box moved out of his way and he slithered back out of the rack.  In a few minutes he checked the dials and gauges on the outside of the box.  Everything seemed to be normal.  Directing the robot to carry the box, Cherry led the way to Belle.
The robot set the box on the deck after they entered the computer room.  Grabbing a meter, he tested the voltage on the wires in the rack one more time.  This computer room was larger than Naca and had an alleyway behind the rack that made connections easier.  Cherry finished in just a few minutes.
Moving the robot back out of the way he tested the AI.  After a half hour he nodded in satisfaction.  He mentally thought, "Naca, do you hear me?"
He heard the familiar voice in his head, "Yes, Cherry.  How can I help?"
"Raise the gravity to one fourth of normal."
Cherry felt the increase of gravity.  He thought, "Check the remote sensors and detectors, then give your sensors a check."
"I see Josh moving outside my – this ship.  He has some sort of ice."
Cherry frowned.  This confusion could be a problem.  Using his normal voice he said, "Naca, do you still hear and understand?"
"Yes."
"You are now part of the ship Belleterra Wanderer.  Please respond whether we address you as Naca, Belle or Belleterra Wanderer.  We will be trying to shift to Belle as much as possible.  You are in control of the Belleterra Wanderer."
"I understand, but there are parts of this ship I can't access.  The data base has a lock on most of it."
"Can you break the lock?"
"Unknown.  This is a far different encryption than I have ever encountered."
"As you have spare computing power, try to break this encryption.  For now I need you to check all systems.  I need a full report on what isn't working and what needs to be done to it.  Check the engines, FTL drive and fuel.  Check the rate it is being used."
Naca's voice came out of a hidden speaker, "There is activity in the cargo hold.  There are several robots and a strange being."
"You've got that strange right.  She's helping us for now.  Don't let her do anything without consulting with me or Josh first."
"Order confirmed.  These checks will take several hours."
"That's fine.  Can you do other tasks if we ask?"
"Yes, but it will slow down the scan."
"Go ahead with your scans."
Cherry turned to walk out the door.  The feel of heavier gravity felt strange after weeks of only the asteroid's weak gravity.  Signaling the robot to follow, he headed to the cockpit.  He still had a ton of work to do there before they would be ready to test fly Belle.

Lemmy hummed happily as she directed the robots.  Fixing ships always made her happy.  She said, "Demmy, this could be a great ship.  I like the lines and the craftsmanship.  She'll be a fine ship when I finish.  I just wish I had some of the same material for the hull.  It would be much stronger and look better."
She cocked her head with her ears standing at attention.  She said, "No, I don't like that android.  There's something sinister about him.  Josh is alright though, don't you agree?"
She nodded her response and ordered a robot into a different direction.  Moving closer to the exposed wires, she critically examined them.  She said, "Demmy, these little bots seem to be doing a good job.  I won't know for sure until Twinkles gets the AI installed.  She can check everything much faster than I can.  I should be done here in the cargo bay in a week or so.  Then I can start moving forward."
As she wandered from robot to robot checking on their progress and noting materials they would need, she carried on a lively conversation with Demmy.  When the gravity increased she fell to the floor.  After a second she staggered behind a stack of materials, unsure of what had attacked her.
Sitting there, she moaned at the sudden increase in her weight.  Her muscles rebelled at the pressure.  Straining to get up, she fell back in a heap.  She groaned, "It's alright, Demmy.  I'll just lay here for a minute and rest.  You go on ahead."
Most of the robots soon ground to a halt without her direction.  Two of them moved to the pile where Lemmy lay and stopped.  Others stopped where they worked.  When Josh stepped through the airlock, the lower cargo bay looked like a morgue.  His hand went for his blaster then held steady as he searched the area with his eyes.
Gritting his teeth at the increased pressure on his newly healed legs, Josh stepped farther into the bay.  His eyes swept the area again looking for danger.  Finding none, he slowly moved deeper inside.  One of the robots by the material pile twitched and his blaster appeared in his hand.
Easing his finger off the trigger, he moved forward.  Sweat broke out on his brow.  He had to force his muscles to propel him toward the robots.  As he drew closer, he saw a small foot sticking out from behind the pile.  Josh yelled over his comm unit, "Cherry, shut this gravity down.  Lemmy's hurt."
Cherry shouted, "Naca, shut down the gravity.  Josh, where are you at?  What happened to Lemmy?"
"I think the gravity got to her.  She's been here for months.  I don't know how strong she was to start with."
Josh felt the gravity lessen.  Moving easier now, he looked over the pile at the pitiful heap on the deck.  He called, "Lemmy, can you hear me?"
When no answer came, he knelt on the deck beside her.  Putting a hand on her abdomen, he felt it move.  He called, "Cherry, do we have some place on this ship where I can take her?  Someplace with air?"
"I'll check.  Give me a second."
Cherry quickly consulted Naca and found a small medical bay just off the middle cargo bay.  He relayed the details to Josh.  He said, "I'm on my way there now."
Josh picked up Lemmy, but even the effects of the low asteroid gravity slowed his movement.  He handed the small bundle to the robot and drove it across the floor.  Josh yelled, "Cherry, does the elevator work?"
Naca answered, "Yes.  Cherry is in the passageway now."
Josh moved the robot and its burden into the elevator then told Naca to get them to the middle cargo bay.  The elevator moved up.  Soon Josh had Lemmy lying on a bed in the infirmary.  He moved the robot out as Cherry stepped in.
Josh asked, "You have any idea how to operate any of this equipment?  Is the air in here breathable?"
Cherry asked, "Naca, is the air breathable?"
"It will be in 1.37 minutes.  I'm starting the pumps now and checking filters."
Cherry said, "Can you use any of this equipment to scan the little one?"
Naca said, "I can instruct you how to do it.  I haven't had time to establish control over everything."
As the seconds ticked away, Naca gave Cherry a crash course in how to use some of the equipment.  Cherry started scanning Lemmy even before the air became breathable.  He grunted, "Give me a hand in getting her spacesuit off.  Naca, tell us when the air is alright for her."
A short time later, Naca gave the word and the two bounty hunters started trying to remove the spacesuit.  Cherry had to use force to break the electrical wire holding up the folds.  Josh's hands were much clumsier in his spacesuit, so Cherry did most of the work.
A few minutes later, they slid the small Ezrawe out of the suit.  Josh saw that she was covered with the same fine gray fur as her head.  Patches of it had come out and the bare skin underneath looked red and raw.  Most of it on her back was matted into clumps.
Josh asked, "Do you think it's a good thing we have breathing apparatus on?  That doesn't look good.  I'm sure she must reek."
"That's what a year of wearing a spacesuit will do.  She'll clean up fine."
Lemmy stirred, "Demmy, where are you?"
Josh said, "He's out in the passageway.  He kept getting in the way.  Lie down and let Cherry finish checking you out."


Chapter 14


Lemmy silently collapsed back onto the exam table and passed out again.  Cherry hastily ran the diagnostic equipment over her.  After a few minutes, the machine beeped to let him know it had finished its check.  Cherry scanned the readout.
He said, "We'll have to do something different.  She needs some minerals and vitamins, particularly vitamin D, that aren't in our food.  I think she needs a shot of sunshine.  That spacesuit has blocked her body's use of it for a long time."
"Is that all?  Why did she drop?"
"The gravity put a strain on her heart and lungs in her weakened condition.  I didn't even think about her being here for over a year when I turned it on.  We have no idea what her own spaceship had the gravity set at either.  It might have been years since she stood in normal gravity.  I only set it to ¼ of our normal."
Cherry touched the machine, "The healer says she'll be fine with a little rest though.  Uggh, these bare spots look like bed sores.  We're going to have to get her a new spacesuit and then get her to get out of it on a regular basis."
Josh frowned, "Where are we going to get the vitamins and minerals she needs?  I saw some spacesuits the first time I went into the city, but I don't remember anything about vitamins.  Maybe I can find a suit more her size."
"We won't need it today.  We've got more important things to do right now."
"I think taking care of a crew member is pretty important."
Cherry snorted, "She's not a crew member.  She's someone we've rescued and who's helping us get a ship ready to fly.  Come on, we need to get that load of air you found in the ship."
"How are we going to get out of here?  This room has air, but the rest of the ship doesn't.  She doesn't have a spacesuit on."
Naca said, "The passageway has air.  Once you step out into it, I'll bleed it off just like an airlock."
Josh said, "Once we leave, don't let her out.  I'm taking this spacesuit with me so she won't be tempted.  She needs to rest for now.  We need to get a section of this ship livable with breathable air."
Naca said, "I'll set internal shields to act as airlocks.  I need air to set up an atmosphere in here."
Josh said, "I have a big chunk of frozen air.  I think it either came from the city or was residue from the planet.  What do we do about viruses or other harmful elements?"
Cherry said, "You'd hope that years of being frozen would stop a lot, but we can set up a shield generator and set it to only let the atoms of gas through that we want.  That way Naca can set the right balance of oxygen to the other elements."
The two moved outside to set the equipment up and soon had frozen air heating.  As it vaporized, Naca drew it inside.  Cherry went back to the cockpit to continue his work while Josh went for another load of the frozen air.
Late in the afternoon, Naca announced that she had the bottom level habitable.  She said she had robots cleaning quarters for each of them and only needed some furniture to be livable.
Josh went to the old hulk to transfer their food to Belle.  He inventoried everything as he loaded it onto a sled.  His unease rose with each armful.  Their food stores had dropped drastically since Lemmy had come into their lives.  One look at the measly pile told him they had less than ten days' worth of food.
As he pushed the sled to the rear, the flyer he had picked up with the food replicator caught his eye in the workroom.  He moved in to pick it up.  The translator helped him read the print 'Make your own delicious food.  Use any protein available to make meat or vegetable dishes.  Add the amount of minerals and vitamins for the proper nutrition for your body.'
Josh muttered, "Just what we need and I dropped it.  Can't imagine why."
After he unloaded the sled in Belle's galley, he went to the cockpit to find Cherry.  He said, "Cherry, we have a problem.  We'll be out of food in less than ten days."
"Cut off little fur ball and we'd have enough for three weeks."
"Will Belle be ready to fly by then?"
"Ah – umm no.  It'll take at least another month if fuzzy gets those robots working again.  Maybe even longer if we have any problems."
Josh crossed his arms over his chest, "Then I have to go back into the city to get that food replicator.  I just looked at the flyer I picked up with it.  They say it will make food and you can add vitamins and minerals to get the proper nutrition."
"What about your wiggly friends in there?"
"I guess I'm going to have to take the fliter with a shield on it.  I can get a spacesuit for Lemmy at the same time."
"You're going to risk your life for her?  I thought you said those snakes give you nightmares – even when you're awake."
"They do but we need her functioning at full capacity.  I want off this rock and, if I can't get back to our own time, I want to meet Ron, Gus and Tik."
"We may not be able to.  What if it upsets the timeline?"
Josh frowned, "Then I guess you and I go poof.  Can you think of any other way to get five hundred years in the future?  Maybe sit on a nuke?"
"Even if we did, we don't know which way it would throw us.  Right now, I haven't been thinking about the distant future.  I'm like you.  I want to get this bird flying.  I can worry about other things later."
"Then it's settled.  I have to go into the city tomorrow."
"I don't see any other choice.  We have to have the food.  I'll go with —"
"No.  You need to keep on this.  We can't waste a minute.  This ship has to fly as soon as possible.  Who knows what other problems we'll run into before we get out of here."
Cherry went back to work while Josh headed to the medical bay to check on Lemmy.  When he stepped in the door, she yelled, "Where's my spacesuit?  How can you leave a woman lying naked on a table?"
"I – uhh – ahh didn't think about it.  You're covered with fur.  I'll get you some clothes."
"Quit gawking at me.  It's embarrassing enough.  Don't let Demmy see me like this."  She broke into quiet sobs.
Josh shifted from one foot to another as his face turned red.  He said, "I won't.  Good news.  We have this level sealed and filled with breathable atmosphere."
"I don't care.  Quit looking at me!"
Josh whirled around.  He said, "I'll go see if I can find anything for you to wear."
"Get my spacesuit.  I can wear it."
"You have to leave it off for awhile to let your body heal.  Cherry scanned —"
"What!  Did he take pictures, too?  Where are they going to show up?  Every planet we land on?"
Josh didn't say anything.  He just rushed out the door.  Outside in the passageway, he called Naca to find out where the quarters were.  She gave him directions and he quickly moved toward them.
Rushing from room to room, he opened closets and storage areas.  In one room, he found a shirt.  It looked like it might fit someone Cherry's size.  On Lemmy it would drag the floor.  Another ragged shirt lay on the floor of the closet.  He cut a two-inch wide strip off the bottom.
When he reached the medical bay, he knocked on the door.  Easing it open a crack, he stuck the shirt and strip in.  He said, "This is all I could find.  I'm going to the galley.  I'll fix something for you to eat."
"What is this thing?  Is this a joke?  I can't…"
Josh didn't hear any more.  He turned and rapidly walked away as soon as she grabbed the shirt.  In the galley he started to make a large meal.  He hesitated for a minute not knowing if Lemmy would come to eat or not.
He muttered to himself, "If she doesn't come, I'll take her some.  I'll tell her Cherry told me not to bring it.  She'll eat it for spite."
Cherry stepped in the galley, "Are you going to introduce me to your friend there?  I heard you talking to him – ah – her."
"No imaginary friend for me.  It's Lemmy.  She's enough to drive you crazy though."
"What'd she do this time?"
"Seems like she's upset because we saw her naked."
Cherry snorted, "Naked!  She's covered with fur."
The sound of the galley door opening made both of them turn to look.  Lemmy marched in with the shirt wrapped around her.  The edge tucked under her left arm and reached around her back.  The hem lapped two inches on the floor.  Josh didn't know how she walked without tripping.
She announced, "That's right and I hear you took pictures of me.  I want every one of them or else."
Cherry's head snapped around.  He snarled, "Or else what?  You ungrateful little fur ball.  We saved your life.  And I did not take a single picture of you."
"Oh, now I'm not good enough for you to take pictures of."
Josh tried to get Cherry's attention but failed.  Cherry blurted out, "If I had pictures, what would I do with them?  Scare away the Nagini?  Those suit sores are enough to turn even their stomachs."
Josh said, "Hold it, you two.  Supper's ready.  I won't let either of you have a thing if you're going to carry on like this."
Both of them glared at him but kept their mouths shut.  They all sat down at the table and silently started eating.  Lemmy had rolled the sleeves up but still had to push them out of the way after each bite.
Josh said, "I'm going into the city tomorrow.  Lemmy, do you need anything?"
"Just a weapon to protect myself from perverts."
Cherry snorted and his skin turned almost black.  The lights blazed a bright red.  Josh said, "Besides that?  I'm planning on seeing if I can find another spacesuit for you that might fit a little better."
"My other one is fine —"
Cherry said, "We saw.  You can store food and other garbage inside.  It only makes a few suit sores —"
Josh firmly said, "Enough!  Both of you!  Lemmy, we need your help to get this ship flying.  When we reach that planet in this solar system, you can stay there."
Lemmy's ears flattened against her head.  Big tears welled in her eyes.  She sniffled, "I don't want to be stuck on a planet.  I want to be in space.  Me and Demmy have lived our whole lives there."
Josh said, "I don't mean we're going to dump you.  I just thought you wanted away."
She sniffed again, "Just away from Twinkles.  He's so nasty —"
Cherry shouted, "I'll nasty, you.  I'll —"
Josh yelled, "Enough!  This ship is big enough for the two of you to stay separated.  Lemmy, you eat the early shift.  Cherry, you eat later.  Both of you find quarters well away from each other."
Cherry muttered, "Why me?  What'd I do?"
Josh just glared at him.  He said, "Tomorrow, you can get back to work."
Lemmy said, "How do I do that without a spacesuit?  Do you have an atmosphere in the cargo bay?"
"No, but we can set up a remote sensor you can direct.  It will relay your orders to the robots so you can keep going from right in your quarters."
"I need to be there to see —"
"You won't be until those suit sores heal.  Get used to it.  It may not be the best, but it's all you've got for now."
Lemmy crossed her arms over her chest, "Then I won't work."
Josh said, "Fine.  Since you're not working, you won't need to eat.  We're running out of rations, so that will make them last a little longer.  After I get back from the city, I'll start running the robots in the cargo bay."
"No, you won't.  That's my bailiwick.  I'll do it.  Just get me a good sensor."
Cherry said, "I'll set one up now.  Find your quarters and tell Naca – I mean Belle.  I'll set the controls to go to your room."
Lemmy stood up, stuck her nose in the air and tried to stalk off.  Her foot caught in the hem of the shirt, ruining the effect.  She caught her balance and moved out of the galley.  Cherry rolled his eyes at Josh, then left to set up the sensor.
Josh silently picked up dishes and leftovers.  His jaw clenched and unclenched like he was eating but his mouth was empty.  When he had the galley clean, he went to find quarters for himself.

The next morning, Josh left before the other two were up.  He ordered a robot on the fliter and took off.  His mood hadn't improved from last night.  Spotting the food replicator he had started with, he stopped to pick it up.  Other than a few scratches and a ding, it looked no worse for the wear.
He flipped on the lights mounted on the back of the fliter because he felt like hitting something and a Nagini would work as well as anything.  Five miles from the entrance he spotted a spacesuit store.
Landing just outside, he soon had the door open.  As he walked through the store, he didn't see the size of spacesuit Lemmy would need.  In the back, he found more sizes.  He picked out four different ones and had the robot carry them to the fliter.
The next store he stopped at held clothing.  He found something he thought would be close to her size and scooped up that section of the clothing on the rack.  The robot hauled it to the fliter as he wandered the store looking for different styles.  At every rack, he grabbed the entire section close to Lemmy's size.
A shoe shop was his next stop.  He had no idea what size she might be so he called Belle.  "Belle, ask Lemmy what size shoe she wears.  Also, ask her if she wears socks and what type of underwear."
In a few seconds, Lemmy yelled at him, "What kind of pervert are you?  Asking what kind of underwear I wear?  I should —"
"If you don't tell me, tomorrow you can come back here with the Nagini and shop for yourself."
After a long hesitation, she told him what he needed to know.  He stormed into the shoe store and cleared racks of shoes in her size.  As he went back to the fliter, movement in the darkness caught his eye.  Climbing back aboard the pilot's seat, he saw Nagini coming to the light.
As he lifted off, they swirled around him but didn't attack.  A few of the smaller ones nudged him, but all of them kept their mouths shut.  A twelve-footer dropped on the shield and lay there.  Josh nudged the throttle and moved out.
The Nagini wiggled a little but stayed in place.  The others escorted him as he looked for the other things he needed for Lemmy and for himself.  At each store the Nagini would pull away a few feet when he landed and swim around slowly in the vacuum.
Josh had over half the fliter loaded with goods when he reached the food replicator store.  Going inside he picked out two more replicators in case the one he had dropped was broken.  In the back he found boxes and bags of protein, vitamins and minerals.  He kept the robot busy loading.
When they finished, he pulled the sides of the shield in to help hold the goods in place.  As he lifted off, he had to compensate for the extra weight at the rear of the fliter.  The Nagini dashed ahead then came back to swirl around the fliter.  Josh marveled at their agility.
About a mile from the entrance the snakes stopped.  Josh glanced over his shoulder to see the mass at the edge of his lights.  Back at Belle, he found another robot to help haul the goods inside.  When they carried the first load into Lemmy's room, she let out a squeal and had to touch everything.  Josh thought she looked like a kid in a toy store.
After everything had been piled in her quarters, she had to thank and thank Josh.  He backed out to let her try them on.  Going to the workroom, he charged all three food replicators.  The robots carried them to the galley.  Josh gathered up the instructions for them and followed.
Cherry came in once to see how things had gone in the city, but Josh had his nose buried in the instructions.  He found an empty counter to set them on, secured them in place, then filled them with protein, vitamins and minerals.
Josh spent the next four hours experimenting with the machines.  His face twisted into a grimace at the first concoctions he made.  Throwing the results back in the machine, he recycled them.  Nothing came out looking like the pictures.
By the end of the afternoon, the results looked better but didn't taste like he thought they should.  Lemmy wandered in wearing some of her new clothes.  She had on a pair of boots that came halfway up her legs.
Josh whistled and she jumped into a defensive stance.  Josh laughed, "That's just an Earth habit to say humans think you look good."
She sniffed, "I don't see how I can.  These clothes are soooo outdated.  I'm surprised the fabric and thread is still good.  Are you sure you didn't find them in a second hand store?"
"I'm sorry.  You can go with me tomorrow and find your own.  I know the Nagini who followed me today would be happy with your company."
Shock showed on her face, "They followed you?  Did they attack?  What did you do?"
"Nothing.  I just kept shopping.  They were kind of funny to watch."
"Not me.  They give me the willies."
"Here, try some of this.  It has a bigger dose of the minerals and vitamins that the healer unit says you need."
Lemmy sat down and stuck a fork in the food.  She lifted it close to her mouth.  Josh saw her nose twitching like she was smelling it.  When she took a small bite, her nose wrinkled.  Josh put his hand over his face to cover his grin at her expression.
Pushing the plate away, she said, "You can save that for Twinkles.  I'll have some of the real food."
"Not for long.  We only have a few days of it left.  Besides, you'll have to eat some of this to get well.  If you don't like the taste, I'll show you how to work the machines.  Maybe you'll have better luck than me."
"I don't see how it could be any worse – I'm sorry.  I know you're trying.  I haven't been very grateful, have I?  I'll try to do better."
"We're in survival mode.  We'll just have to make do."
"Can I ask one favor?  I won't put it back on, but I really need my old spacesuit.  It has some personal things in it I'll need."
"I'll get it for you later.  You'd better find something to eat now."
"Thanks, Josh.  I really do appreciate what you've done for me."
"You're welcome.  I think I'll try to make something I can eat.  Got to keep up our strength, don't we?"


Chapter 15


That night Josh brought her old suit to her quarters.  She kept it inside for an hour.  When she dumped it outside, a robot came to pick it up and hauled it to the cargo bay.  Lemmy didn't say a word about what she needed from it.
Two weeks went by before Lemmy could get into her new spacesuit.  She worked long hours from inside her room.  Her robots sealed up the second level of the ship and Belle pressurized it.  Lemmy made a startling discovery on this level.
She called Josh one evening.  "Josh, come see this."
When he stepped into her quarters, she had a 3D projector ready.  When he sat down, she turned it on to show a large room in their spaceship.  The room rose two stories.  Catwalks ran along the second story with pipes that ran along the walls and under the catwalks.  The deck was covered in what looked like dirt.
In the dirt, skeletons of trees and bushes covered much of it.  Some battle damage had punched a hole through one side of the room and twisted catwalk and pipes drooped down the wall.  A big crater in the dirt showed the metal deck underneath.
Josh asked, "What is that?  Is it here on this ship?"
"Yes.  I think it's a conservatory.  I think they grew a lot of their food in there.  See the pipes?  I think they were for hydroponics.  I don't know about the trees and bushes."
"Could they have been there just for scenery?"
"Maybe or even to help with air purification.  Seems like a pretty inefficient use of space though."
"If it was me, I'd have fruit trees and berry bushes.  They could provide color as well as food.  I'd plant a few flowers, too."
"Well, it's your ship.  You can do what you want with it."
Josh laughed, "I guess you're right.  Leave it for now.  We need to get the rest of Belle air tight and then get the outside ready to fly.  Cherry has the computer meshing with Naca.  He also has about all of the wiring done on the lower level and the second level."
"I wish you had some of those fruit trees and berry bushes planted in there now.  I'm already tired of that stuff the replicators call food."
"Me, too, but you're getting better with the proper nutrients.  Besides, we should be ready to fly in a month or so.  Then we can head to that planet to stock up."
"I'm all for that.  Have you got plenty of credits to get what we need?  I've still got quite a list of things you haven't found in the repair depot."
Josh rubbed his face, "I know.  So does Cherry.  We'll work something out."
He walked out of her room to go find Cherry.  Belle had to tell him where the android was working.  Cherry had his head in a wall directing some of the smaller bots redoing the wiring.  Josh cleared his throat, "Cherry, I need to talk to you for a few minutes."
Cherry stood, "What's up, Josh?"
"Lemmy brought up something we talked about when we first hit here.  What are we going to do for money?"
"We have credits – uh, no we don't.  We have a little bit of gold and silver on Naca, but it won't cover anywhere close to what we need for the rest of our parts.  Have you found anything in the warehouses or the city that might help?"
"You mean like a room full of gold coins or silver bullion?  No."
"Then we'll have to take some of the merchandise and trade it."
"That sounds good, but do you know how old some of that stuff must be?  Lemmy made fun of the clothes I brought back.  I have no idea how old some of the technology, spacesuits, weapons or other goods are.  No one may want it."
"If it's very old, we can sell it as antiques.  Maybe even some of those old spaceship parts.  You remember Rohak?  He always had an old spaceship that he was restoring.  Paid very good money for some of those parts."
Josh grinned, "Yeah, then he sold those same restored ships for a pretty credit or two profit.  Hey, maybe some of those robots would still be valuable to someone on a frontier planet – like that one in this system."
"Maybe that's what our cover can be.  We can be salvage dealers.  Surely that won't upset our timeline any."
"Maybe.  I'll start bringing stuff back to the cargo bay.  Where do we go from here?  We need to get food from that planet, but I don't think they'll have much that we need in the way of parts."
"I don't know.  We'll just have to take it one day at a time.  Maybe we could check out Lemmy's old ship.  If the Nagini got it, did they leave anything worthwhile?"
The two talked for a few more minutes about their plans then went back to work.  Over the next few days, as Josh searched for parts and materials to fix the ship, he started piling extra items under Naca's shield to put in the cargo bay when they had Belle repaired.
Cherry and Lemmy stopped sniping at each other so much and even started eating together again.  Lemmy got out of her spacesuit each night and wore the clothes that Josh had found.  She wore garish colors and combinations.  Cherry held his tongue until she would leave, then he'd make comments about her wild selections.
One day Josh came across a hat store while hunting parts.  The store had all shapes, colors and sizes of hats.  As a joke, he grabbed several dozen of the wildest ones for Lemmy.  When he gave them to her that night, she squealed in delight.  Jumping up and down, she tried to put them on over her spacesuit helmet.
Josh chuckled, "Lemmy, you have to wait until you're out of that suit.  Those are supposed to be worn with your street clothes."
Lemmy didn't even hear him as she carried the hats to her quarters.  She kept up a lively conversation with her imaginary friend Demmy the entire time.  That evening when Josh called her and Cherry for supper, Cherry came right away.  Strangely, Lemmy was late.
Josh and Cherry sat down and started eating.  Cherry said, "What did you do to the little fur ball?  She's never late for a meal."
"Maybe it's this food.  I still can't get the replicator to make this feel and taste like real food.  If those manufacturers were still in business, I'd sue them for false advertising."
"Yeah, just be glad…"
Cherry's eyes widened as his mouth flew open.  He dropped his fork and stared at the door.  Josh turned and dropped his fork at the sight.  Lemmy stood there in a wide-brimmed bright pink hat.  She had it tipped back until the brim brushed her shoulders.
Her shirt was a glaring yellow with large vivid blue polka dots.  She wore neon purple slacks with lime green flowers printed on them.  The legs flared to a huge bell bottom that looked like it would fit her waist.  She grinned at the two as she sauntered in the door.
Cherry muttered just loud enough for Josh to hear, "I've got to get my eye circuits fixed.  The glare of the light off that outfit has strained them.  I've got to get a pair of sunglasses before I go blind."
In a voice that would carry to her, Josh said, "Wow.  I've never seen anything like that."
Lemmy grinned broadly, "Nice, huhh.  I'll be the envy of all the girls back home.  Guess what.  These clothes have a setting where I can change the colors."
As Josh and Cherry watched, the shirt, pants and even the hat changed to even more garish colors.  Over the next several minutes, Lemmy twirled around for them to see her colors change.  Cherry pushed his plate away and muttered, "I've got to go."
He strode rapidly out the door.  Lemmy asked, "Where's he going?  Is he jealous of my clothes?"
Josh coughed to cover the laugh that tried to come out.  He said, "I guess so.  Maybe he's going to go find himself a hat."
The next day Josh went back to the hat store and loaded up an armload of outlandish hats.  He snuck them into Cherry's quarters and left them on his bed.  That evening he came into the galley wearing sunglasses.  He took them off long enough to glare at Josh.
Lemmy sashayed in with her wild outfit.  Cherry put the sunglasses on.  She said, "I see you can't stand to look at my finery without some enhancement.  I feel sorry for you.  I'll loan you a hat or two to dress up your dreary outfit."
Cherry grunted, "I have my own hats, thank you."
"Then why don't you wear them?"
Cherry stood up and left.  In a few minutes, he came back with a hat that had a long feather stuck in the hat band.  Lemmy's mouth flew open and she craned her neck to see it better.  She said, "Oh, I need a feather like that.  It needs to be purple – no, maybe peach."
Josh, taking a drink, spewed it across the table.  Cherry stated, "Only good looking men can wear feathers like this."
Lemmy said, "That's not fair.  Hey, wait a minute.  You're not a man, you're an android."
"Then only good looking androids can wear feathers."
Josh stepped in, "I'll see if I can find you some feathers, Lemmy."
They ate with Lemmy staring at the feather in Cherry's hat.  She dribbled food on her clothes because her eyes stayed glued to it.  Cherry kept turning his head to make the feather move.  Josh watched the two of them with a grin.
Cherry said, "I've got the computers hooked up and checked out.  I'll be moving outside to start installing weapons."
Lemmy's eyes grew, "Weapons!  What for?"
Cherry stared at her, "Have you ever heard of pirates?  We most likely won't ever use them, but if we do need them, I want everything I can get."
Josh said, "I've found four different warehouses full of ship weapons.  You'll have to take a look at them to see which will work the best."
Lemmy said, "Demmy, these crazies are going after pirates.  We've got to transfer to another ship."
Josh laughed, "Then where will you get your fine clothes and feathers for your hats?"
"I don't know but I don't want pirates shooting at me."
Cherry just shook his head.  He said, "I'll go look tomorrow.  Lemmy, how long until you have the inside sealed up?"
"It already is.  I have a little more wiring to complete then I need to check engines, shield nodes, hyperspace drive and sensors."
Josh said, "It sounds like we're getting close.  I'm itching to feel this thing flying."
Cherry said, "Me, too."
Lemmy said, "Not me, if we're going anywhere close to pirates."
Over the next three days, Josh hauled the weapons that Cherry picked out.  Each time he returned to Belle, he saw Lemmy climbing around the outside of the spaceship with her robots.  Each evening she gave him a list of parts to look for.
That evening at supper, they compared notes.  Cherry said, "I've got places for all the weapons we found.  Each will be hidden when not in use.  I thought this might have been a military ship when we started, but now I'm not so sure."
Lemmy said, "Those weapons you're getting ready to put in aren't as good as the originals."
Josh asked, "How can you tell?  They look newer than the ones in here."
Cherry said, "Yeah and they aren't warped."
Lemmy said, "I'd look for Alcantaran replacements if I were you."
Cherry said, "But you're not.  I'll go with what I have."
Josh said, "Could we move some from Naca?  They might be better than these."
"I'll look tomorrow before I start installing."
Lemmy said, "I found something interesting today.  There's some holes in both wings.  They have rockets in them."
Josh asked, "What kind of warheads do they have?"
"None.  They're basically an empty frame."
"What?  Did you ask Belle what they're used for?"
"Yes.  They are refueling rockets.  I don't know where you get the fuel but they carry it into those tubes in the wing and it's transferred to the fuel storage."
Cherry said, "Why would they do that?  Just land at a spaceport and pay for the fuelers to fill you up."
Lemmy glared at him, "Don't ask me.  Ask your computers."
"I will – right after supper."
Josh asked, "What about the engines?  And the hyper-drive?"
Lemmy answered, "I'll get to them in the next three or four days.  So far, a quick visual says they look OK."
Cherry finished eating and rushed out to ask about the rockets.  In a half hour he came back.  He said, "Josh, this ship will be dirt cheap to run.  Those rockets skim a star for fuel.  The computer says blue super giants are the best.  Kind of like a premium fuel but any of them will work."
"Hey, that's great.  We can go anywhere we want.  We just need to get this old girl flying."
"Soon."
Nervous excitement filled the air as Belle's testing day came closer.  The three, without discussing it, worked longer hours.  The empty holes on the outside filled in and Belle looked more like a space-worthy ship.  Up closer, the patches still looked like scabs left over from a sore, but from a distance she looked like a predator waiting to strike.
One morning, Cherry announced, "It's time to pressure test everything and fire up the engines."
Josh said, "I'll do it.  You two can wait here."
"Not on your life.  I'm going to be sitting right there in the co-pilot's seat beside you."
Lemmy piped up, "I have to be down in the engine room in case I have to make adjustments."
Josh said, "In that case, I guess we all go.  Let's get started.  Everyone in spacesuits."
After everyone had suited up, Josh sat down in the pilot's seat.  Cherry stood by in the computer room next to the AI.  He plugged into the slot to 'feel' how the computer was working.  Lemmy wandered the cargo bays with her robots searching for leaks and irregularities.
Josh's hands trembled as he started his checklist.  As he read each step, Cherry or Lemmy would call out OK.  The farther down the list he went the steadier his hands became.  He announced, "I'm going to fire up the engines."
Touching a button brought the slight whisper of power.  A distinct vibration shook the pilot's seat.  Josh excitedly called, "We've got power.  Lemmy, how does it look back there?"
"Everything's OK."
Cherry said, "Steady.  All my readings are in the green.  Ease it up a little."
Josh moved the throttle and felt Belle respond.  A big grin split his face as the old ship responded to his touch.  Nudging the throttle, he felt the ship lift slightly.  His eyes swept across gauges and dials.
As he moved Belle around a little, he glanced at the view screens.  Nagini swarmed around the spaceship.  Josh lost his concentration and bounced the spaceship off the ground.  Cherry's yell brought him back into focus.
Cherry asked, "What happened?  Is something wrong with the controls or the engines?"
"No, our friendly snakes just came out to see what we were doing.  I lost my concentration when I saw them."
"What are they doing now?"
"Just swimming around.  They're not attacking or anything."
"That's good.  I'm ready to try out these weapons to see how they'd handle them."
Lemmy said, "I don't think that would be a good idea.  What if the big ones came to help?"
Cherry said, "They would just make bigger targets.  Josh, set her down and shut off the engines.  We need to check everything now."
"Don't you want me to take her out for a spin?"
"Not yet.  Wait until we check everything.  It won't take long."
Josh gently lowered Belle back to the ground.  He shut off the engines and checked all of his readouts again.  Finding nothing, he called Cherry, "How's it look from your end?"
"Everything looks good.  Lemmy, go out and check the engines."
Lemmy pulled up a view from outside on her tablet.  The swarms of Nagini curled around the shield.  She stated, "You don't have enough money or guns to get me out there.  Twinkles, if you want someone to look at the engines, do it yourself."
Josh heard Cherry mutter something about feeding a certain deadbeat to the snakes as an offering.  Josh said, "I'll go.  They've been escorting me about every trip into the city.  I think I can push my luck one more time."
As Josh walked out to check the engines, the snakes swirled outside the shield everywhere he went.  Josh muttered to himself, "I was wrong.  There's not enough luck in the universe to justify spending one extra minute out here with those monsters.
 Cherry ran a computer check on the rest of the spaceship, while Lemmy found places to check the hull patches from the inside.  When they finished, Josh made his way back to the pilot's seat.
Cherry said, "Alright, Josh.  Take us out easy.  I'll keep an eye out for the big Nagini.  You just concentrate on getting us out of the asteroid field."
Josh asked, "Do we have to worry about somebody on the planet seeing us?"
"I don't think so.  They are on the opposite side of the sun from us.  If they had remote detectors out, I'd be worried.  I don't see a frontier planet having spare cash to spread detectors around."
"Here we go.  I'm heading away from the sun to give us a good shakedown cruise."
Josh eased the spaceship up off the ground and out from under the bridge.  The swirl of Nagini grew even more excited.  He ignored them and zigzagged out of the asteroids.  When he hit clear space, he stepped up the speed.
The Nagini followed for a short distance then flew back to the asteroid.  Josh looked for the big ones but didn't see any movement to give away their position.  Taking Belle up to hyper-jump speed, he said, "So far so good.  The controls are a little heavier than Naca."
Cherry said, "That's normal, considering we could put Naca in the cargo bay.  Try some maneuvers.  Let's see how things hold together."
Josh's first few turns were a little erratic.  Once he got the feel of the controls, he tried more difficult maneuvers.  After a sharp left turn, Lemmy yelled, "We have an air leak.  Take it easy for a few minutes while I try to seal it off."
Ten minutes later she said, "There, I've got it.  Try some more of those maneuvers.  I need to go to the other levels to see how they're doing."
Cherry said, "Belle is monitoring air pressure all over the ship.  I'll let you know if we have a problem."
The next hour of turns and twists didn't loosen anything else.  Cherry had Josh run up the speed.  Josh said, "Wow, this old girl has some get up and go.  I'm going to have to read up on her to see just how far I can push it."
Cherry said, "For now, everything looks good.  Let's head back to the asteroid and load some trade goods.  I'd like to have something we can get spare parts with before we go hyper.  I don't know for sure if we can make it back."
Josh landed back in the same spot and the three of them spent the next two days double-checking the repairs.  It took three more days to get the pile of trade goods inside the top two cargo bays.  Josh and Cherry scoured the city and repair depot for more goods until the two bays were full.  They left the bottom for the repair robots and spare parts.  Those barely made a dent in the space.
The last night on the asteroid, Josh and Cherry talked in Josh's quarters.  Josh asked, "Cherry, do you think we'll be coming back here?"
"We have to.  Remember a certain chunk of asteroid?  We need to get a sample to take with us."
"Hey, that's right.  We're rich.  You know, I don't remember anything about a big rare earth strike in any of my history classes."
Cherry chuckled, "They don't put stuff like that in there.  If you did a search on the history of rare earth minerals, you might find something then.  We don't even know for sure which galaxy we're in.  Lemmy thinks it's the Andeana galaxy, but I'm not sure the dizzy little twerp knows this is a spaceship."
Josh frowned at him, but he continued, "If it is the Andeana galaxy, I didn't study anything about it, did you?"
"No.  I guess that means we could have struck it rich here and no one would know the difference.  Do you think our finding that or trading it will upset our timeline?"
"I have no idea and I've never heard of time travel so I don't think we can find anyone to get a definitive answer.  Any expert can only give us their theory."
Josh chuckled, "Well, let's go get rich and see if we disappear.  I'm tired of sitting on this rock.  I'm ready for real food."
"Tomorrow, partner.  We'll grab a sample and head to that planet to get some answers."


Chapter 16


That night, thoughts of flying off the asteroid kept each of them tossing and turning.  All arose early to eat and climb into their spacesuits.  After going through the checklist again, Josh lifted off.
He flew a few maneuvers to make sure everything still held.  Then he flew to the asteroid with the rare earth minerals.  Cherry directed him as he eased the rear of the spaceship up to it.  When they touched, Cherry dashed out to scoop up two tubs full of the mineral.
Lemmy called to ask, "Josh, what are we doing?"
"We needed to get a sample of something we spotted before you came on board.  We need the sample to get it analyzed."
"You think it's something valuable?"
"Don't know.  We'll have to wait and see."
Trying to change the subject, Josh touched the comm, "Cherry, do you think we should test the weapons?"
"Most definitely.  We haven't even sighted them in.  We may not be able to hit the broad side of an asteroid."
Josh pulled out of the asteroid field and picked some rocks for targets.  The first sat about twenty miles away.  He targeted it and engaged the front weapons.  When the lights said they were ready, he pulled the trigger.
A blast of blue light hit the rock.  One corner flew off and the rock ricocheted off to the left.  Josh targeted the same moving rock with the weapons in the middle of the ship.  The laser blast hit the rock, but again not dead center.
Twisting Belle around, he tried the starboard weapons.  They hit dead center.  Maneuvering Belle again, he used the rear weapons.  They missed the target completely.  Cherry stepped into the cockpit and looked at the view screens.
Josh backed up the video to show him what had happened.  Cherry plugged into the computer and made some adjustments.  Josh fired the weapons again.  They hit closer but still weren't to his satisfaction.  Cherry continued to adjust.
When they had the weapons hitting the targets dead center, Josh picked some out a hundred miles.  Suddenly, five large shapes swarmed the targets.  Josh said, "Looks like we have company.  The energy off these weapons must have attracted them."
Cherry said, "Yeah, but they aren't attacking us.  Can you fire and miss them?"
"I'll see."
After each hit, the Nagini swarmed the chunk of rock that had been hit.  The closer they were to the hit, the more excited they became.  When Josh tried some targets a thousand miles away the Nagini just watched.
Cherry said, "I wonder what those snakes would do if we nicked one.  They seem pretty smart and I'm sure they communicate somehow.  Only two of them bit Belle but all of them leave us alone."
Josh said, "I don't think I want to try.  Have you noticed a little hesitation from targeting to shot?"
"It must have something to do with the interface with Naca's AI.  I'll check it more and see if I can get rid of the delay."
"Yeah, a delay could get you fried in a battle.  If you can't cure it, we may have to search for a different AI."
"I agree.  I think we've done all we can here.  Let me double-check everything, then I'll be ready to jump."
Once Cherry had everything secured, Josh took Belle to jump speed.  Cherry had triple checked all the calculations, but all of them were still nervous.  Josh called out, "Coming to jump speed.  Five, four, three, two, jump."
Josh sat there for five seconds before he felt the familiar twist in his guts as they jumped to hyperspace.  He quickly scanned all his instruments.  Everything seemed fine.  Cherry called, "Everything appears to be working.  About an hour from now, we'll find out if everything functions as advertised."
Josh said, "That's a comforting thought.  Cherry, Belle hesitated about five seconds before we jumped.  Did you see anything?"
"Let me check."
"It's that same interface problem.  When we come out of hyperspace, I'll work on it some more.  It's looking more and more like we need to find another AI."
Lemmy said, "An Alcantaran one.  You'll have the same problem with anything but an Alcantaran one."
Josh said, "I'll bet spaceship repair ports have five or six of them just lying around waiting for someone to call for them."
Lemmy said, "I didn't say it would be easy.  If you want max performance, you need original parts."

An hour later, they came out of hyperspace.  Josh scanned the view screens for danger as he tried to use the controls.  All of his efforts came up empty.  Nothing would work.  Josh yelled, "Cherry, we're dead in the water.  None of the controls work."
"I'm working on it."
Josh yelled again, "If an asteroid or spaceship comes at us, we can't move out of the way or use the weapons.  You need to do something now."
"You don't have to yell.  I am doing something.  Let me concentrate."
Lemmy said, "Maybe if you run your AI in parallel instead of series.  She could make suggestions but wouldn't really control the computers."
Cherry just growled in response but Josh could see him jerking wires and reconfiguring them.  In a few minutes, the controls again became live.  Josh said, "I'm going to fly around out here for a bit.  I don't want to lose control going into the atmosphere.  That could be deadly."
Lemmy said, "Good plan.  Let Twinkles work on connections and problems for awhile."
Belle announced, "You have an incoming call."
Josh said, "Put it on the screens."
A rumpled-looking alien sat at a desk looking back at them.  Josh saw a squat body with four arms protruding.  The round, smooth, brown head looked insectoid with antennae sticking out below its bugged out eyes.  It tapered down to mandibles that looked like pinchers. Nothing in the room gave any perspective to show how big the alien was.
Josh assumed those mandibles could do serious damage to his or Lemmy's bodies.  Cherry might fare a little better.  The arms ended in hands with three fingers and an opposable thumb.  One hand held a short rod which it twirled around the three fingers.
The alien spoke in a high squeaky voice, "I'm Inspector Dawalth from the planet Orlowa.  May I ask who you are and what your intentions are?"
"I'm Josh Gunn of the Belleterra Wanderer.  We've had some problems with our flight controls.  We're looking for some parts and fresh food."
"The food we can help with but the parts may be a problem.  Are you able to land?"
"I think so.  We just need to do a few more tests.  What a time to have problems with a new computer installation."
"I hear you.  I just wish we could afford some new computers here.  There will be a landing fee…"
The being went on to detail the landing procedures and costs.  Josh asked about trading goods for the fees and the alien said they could do that.  Josh didn't think it looked impressed at that suggestion though.
When the Inspector signed off, Josh asked, "Lemmy, have you ever been here before?  Do you know anything about this place?"
"I've never landed on Orlowa but we've flown by.  They never had anything we needed.  We had what they needed, but they didn't have the cash for it."
Cherry looked up, "What sort of things do they ask for?"
"Oh, fuel, robots, parts for robots, computers, farm equipment, mining equipment —"
"I get the idea.  Josh, how's our fuel?"
"The indicator just moved off full.  Those shots must use quite a bit.  What have you got in mind?"
Cherry said, "Fuel would be their most precious commodity.  We'd get closer to the real value for it.  The other things they'll try to steal from us.  Lemmy, do you think those rockets you found could tap into this sun for fuel?"
"I think so.  What would you hold it in?"
"Can't the rockets hold it?"
"I don't know.  I'll have to check.  What's going through that empty head of yours, Twinkles?"
Cherry glared and started to reach for her but controlled himself.  He said, "If we can get those rockets full and they will hold the fuel until we unload, we should be able to restock our food supply."
Josh said, "Maybe we could get some plants for the conservatory.  That way, we'd have fresh food all the time."
Lemmy said, "I like the sounds of that."
Cherry said, "I thought you were going to part company with us and stay on the planet.  You don't like the risks we take."
Lemmy sniffed, "I don't like the risks, but I don't want to be stuck on a frontier outpost like this.  I'll tag along until we get to a better spaceport where I can find another job as ship's engineer."
Cherry scowled at her, "Well, if you want to remain as our engineer, get me some answers about those rockets."
Cherry turned back to his work as Lemmy left the cockpit to dig deeper into the rockets.  Josh checked the remote detectors.  As he watched, a very large spaceship popped out of hyperspace.  It headed to Orlowa.  Instead of landing though, it parked in orbit and a shuttle from it landed on the planet.
Josh quietly said, "Cherry, I think you'd better make sure that works.  There's another ship down there and my warning sense is buzzing."
"Josh, control yourself.  Remember, we can't be doing things here."  He glanced at the cockpit door to make sure Lemmy was gone.  "Remember the timeline.  You don't know how the least little thing is going to upset it."
"I don't intend to start anything, but you know my feeling."
"I know.  That's why I said what I did.  When you get that feeling, pretty soon blaster bolts are flying."
"It's usually not my fault.  I just finish what someone else starts."
Cherry started to say more but Lemmy came back in the door.  She looked up to see the spaceship parked in orbit over Orlowa.  She said, "Maybe we should jump somewhere else."
Josh looked at her with narrowed eyes, "What?  What do you know about that ship?"
"I don't, but I know the type.  Pleasure ship.  They ferry miners and others up from the planet.  The frontiersmen will have fun for a short time, but that ship will drain all the ready cash off."
Cherry turned with clenched jaws.  He glared at Josh.  "What kinds of fun?"
"I've never been on one, but I hear you can get – uhh – whatever type of – umm – companionship you want.  Gambling, drugs, anything to give you a little pleasure and separate you from your money."
Josh's face burned red, "Do they make regular trips around this part of the universe?"
"One or another will.  They seem to know when a mine's hit pay dirt.  The worst part isn't that they take all the cash, the worst is when they recruit on the planet."
Josh quietly asked, "What do you mean recruit?"  His knuckles turned white on the arms of the pilot's seat.
"If there's any pleasing-looking being, they wind up on the ship – whether voluntarily or not hasn't ever been established."
Cherry glanced at Josh, "Now, Josh.  Remember what I just said."
"I remember.  You remember what I said."
Lemmy looked from one to the other, lost to what they were saying.  She asked, "Have you got the interface all reconnected?  I found out the rockets can store the fuel."
Cherry said, "I've got another half hour.  Josh, think about how to tell that Inspector that we're going to be jumping around in this solar system to check our controls out.  Lemmy, figure out how to launch those rockets and make them rendezvous with us on the other side of the sun."
Thirty minutes later, Josh made several small jumps moving them away from the planet and closer to the sun.  When Cherry thought they were far enough away to hide the rockets' flares, he ordered Lemmy to launch them.
As Josh made jumps around the sun, he said, "Those rockets didn't take much fuel.  I thought they would take more than that."
Lemmy said, "The Alcantarans were very thrifty."
Two hours later, they collected the rockets.  The gauges indicated that all six of them were full.  Josh said, "That feels like credits in the pocket.  Cherry, these controls are getting better.  I can almost fly Belle now."
"That's good because I can't get much more with the equipment and parts I have.  Like Lemmy says, I guess we need an Alcantaran AI.  Now, where do we find one?"
Lemmy said, "I've heard of spacers selling maps to old relics.  Maybe you could get one of those."
Cherry snorted, "The famous map.  Where do we find these spacers?  In the nearest tavern?"
"Yeah, most likely."
Josh said, "Cherry, we are bounty hunters.  We find all sorts of people without a lot of clues.  We'll just have to do the same thing with these relics.  We need metal for the hull too, remember?"
Cherry said, "Yeah, yeah.  Now we can jump out of here.  Lemmy, where's the nearest tavern that might have one of your spacers in it?"
Josh said, "We have another stop first.  We need fresh fruit and vegetables.  I'd really like to have a big juicy steak too."
Lemmy said, "Don't forget those plants."
Cherry clenched his jaw, "I thought you wanted to get to a better spaceport to find another ride."
"I do, but I'd like to see what that conservatory would look like with some growing plants."
Josh set three short jumps to come back to Orlowa.  The big ship still sat in orbit.  The spaceport sat in darkness so Josh and Cherry decided to wait in orbit for daylight.  During the night, Belle reported three more shuttle flights from the other spaceship to the planet.
The next morning when the spaceport sat in full daylight, Josh landed Belle.  Standing up from the pilot's seat, he stretched.  Cherry eyed him but didn't say anything.  Josh left the cockpit and went to his quarters.  He picked up the well-used blaster and strapped it on.  The vibro-knife went on the other side.
As he walked toward the airlock, Cherry stepped in front of him.  He said, "Where are you going?"
"I have to go pay our landing fees and get our permits."
"That's a lot of hardware for just pushing some papers."
"I told you, I have this feeling.  Going in there with nothing would be more than stupid.  It would be suicidal."
"Then try to remember about being back in time."
"I will.  I promise not to do anything crazy.  I'll be back in a bit.  Then we can go get supplies."

When he met Inspector Dawalth in person, Josh saw that the alien was about five and a half feet tall.  His first impression that the mandibles might be dangerous was confirmed.  He watched the Inspector chew the purple bark off a limb the thickness of Cherry's wrist.
Josh stepped up to the desk.  The Inspector waved him to a chair.  Josh said, "Inspector, I'm not sure what currency you use here.  You said you might trade for landing fees.  What sort of things do you trade for?"
He rattled off a list much the same as Lemmy's.  Josh sat there nodding until he finished, then said, "I have a little extra fuel.  How much would you need for the landing fee?"
The Inspector's eyes lit up as he leaned forward, "How much can you spare?  I can get you a really good price for it."
They haggled a few minutes over the price.  Finally, they settled and Josh told him how much he would be willing to let go.  Mentally calculating, he knew it would only be the amount of fuel in two rockets.  Something about the way the alien anxiously wanted to close the deal told Josh that he would be making a profit off this transaction.  The Inspector leaned across the desk to shake his hand with the top right arm.
Inspector Dawalth said, "I'll transfer the balance into your credit receptacle."
Josh frowned, "Our credit receptor was knocked out when our computer went on the fritz.  My crew is still working on it.  Don't you have a hard currency?"
The Inspector scrutinized him closer.  He said, "I can give you some of our paper credits."
Josh said, "That might not work too good.  We need some supplies and parts like I told you, but what if we don't spend all that money?  Is it any good in the next solar system?"
"I see your point.  Would you prefer gold or silver?  We don't have coins but we do have bullion."
"How about half and half?"
"I will get the bullion coming right away."
Josh said, "Thanks, Inspector.  It's been a pleasure doing business with you.  By the way, I have another three units of fuel I'll let go for twice the price you bought it for – if you know anyone who might need it."
The alien stopped to stare at Josh.  Josh grinned and the Inspector relaxed.  He said, "I might know some people.  It will take me a few hours…"
Josh said, "That's alright.  I think most civil servants are underpaid and deserve a little break, don't you?"
"Yes, you're right.  I'll find someone to take that fuel off your hands.  Here's the paperwork you'll need to do any trading on Orlowa.  Your bullion should be here within an hour.  You might want to take precautions.  We are a law abiding planet but sometimes – ah – lesser beings visit, if you get my drift."
Josh grinned, "I know exactly what you mean.  They might want to know that my partner and I have been over a star or two.  We generally keep what's ours.  Those who try to take it away usually wind up with a lot of physical disabilities – painful disabilities."
The Inspector stared at him, "Yes, I can only imagine."
"I'll be on my ship.  Give me a hail when my gold and silver come."
Josh walked back to Belle with a swagger in his step.  He looked over at the shuttle sitting on the spaceport.  It seemed deserted but he felt its sensors studying him.  Josh did a little dance complete with a pump of his fist when he was safely inside Belle.
Cherry looked at him like he'd gone crazy.  Lemmy just stared with an open mouth.  Cherry asked, "What happened?  I take it you did good with your first trade here."
Josh stopped to look at him.  He saw the stingerray gun in the holster, the vibro-knife and the tangler rifle hanging from a strap over his shoulder.  The barrel pointed down but Josh had seen that rifle snap up faster than most eyes could follow.  It would be followed by a blast that shot out a sticky net.  Once tangled in the net, the person didn't get free without outside help.
Josh said, "That's a lot of hardware to go shopping."
"I've been there when you had other feelings.  I'm not suicidal."
Lemmy asked, "What feeling?  What's going on?  I thought you just made a good deal."
Josh said, "I did.  I sold two rockets worth of fuel and most likely a third.  Lemmy, sometimes I get these feelings that something's off.  When I do —"
Cherry said, "When he does, the blaster bolts start flying.  We're trying to keep that from happening by displaying our weapons."
She said, "Well, I've got mine, too."
Pulling aside the garish outer coat, she showed the small pistol on her hip.  On the other hip sat a small vibro-knife.  Her coat hung funny so Josh looked closer.  A short blaster rifle hung from the lining.
Cherry said, "You think that little bitty thing will change anyone's mind —"
He stopped when he saw the blaster rifle.  Lemmy just grinned at him.  Josh said, "I traded for gold and silver bullion.  It'll be here in a few minutes.  Cherry, there's a shuttle over there and I know they were spying on me with their sensors.  I think we should launch a few remote sensors to keep tabs on things around here."
"You're right.  I'll take care of it.  I need to get my sunglasses, too."
Lemmy asked, "Why do you need sunglasses?  Is the sun that bright out there?"
Josh just grinned as he looked at her neon colored outfit.  Every color and design clashed like cymbals in an orchestra.  Lemmy swept off her brightly colored hat with the feather and Josh saw the small weapon in the crown.
He said, "Don't fall in the water.  With that much hardware, you'll sink right to the bottom.  Where did you get all of it?"
"I had it from before.  A girl just needs a little protection once in awhile.  I see you and Twinkles are packing pretty heavy, too."
"We just like to be ready."
"Me, too."


Chapter 17


Cherry came back to the cargo bay wearing his sunglasses and his hat with the feather.  This feather was longer and wider than Lemmy's.  As they waited for their bullion, Belle announced that they had a call from Inspector Dawalth.
Josh said, "Project it here in the cargo bay.  Make sure the Inspector won't be able to see anything in the background."
When the 3D image of the inspector appeared, Josh said, "Good morning, Inspector.  Did you find a buyer?"
The Inspector took the time to eye the three, noting all the armament, "Yes, I did.  They agreed to your price but only have gold bullion.  Will that be a problem?"
"No, we can deal with it.  How long will it take to deliver it?"
"It'll take a couple of hours."
"In that case, set up delivery for 4:00 local time.  We'll be back and then we can dispense fuel for everyone.  Is that satisfactory?"
"Yes.  I'll have all the equipment on hand then.  Have a good day."
Cherry looked at Josh.  "What was that all about?"
"I sold another rocket's worth of fuel for the same amount the Inspector paid for the other two."
"You're just rolling in the dough, aren't you?"
"As long as we can keep it.  The Inspector warned me about thieves around here."
Cherry chuckled as he slapped his stingerray.  He said, "That I can handle.  It feels like old times."
Lemmy said, "Are you two going to start shooting as soon as we get out there?"
The two bounty hunters laughed.  Josh said, "I don't shoot unless they shoot first."
Belle announced a delivery at the rear.  Josh and the other two stepped out on the tarmac.  A truck sat with its rear door next to Belle.  Two aliens stepped out of the cab and came to the back.  One carried a tablet which it held out for Josh to sign.  He hesitated until the back door of the truck opened.  Two more aliens with blaster rifles sat in the rear.  Two pallets of bullion sat between them.
Josh said, "Cherry, would you check that out?  Make certain we have all that's advertised."
Cherry stepped into the truck and soon nodded to Josh.  He signed the tablet.  The two in the back pushed some buttons and the pallets slid out onto the tarmac.  Josh said, "Lemmy, could you get a couple of robots to carry that in for us?"
Lemmy rushed to the robots and started two of them for the airlock.  They wheeled to the pallet containing the gold, squatted and picked it up.  They carried it back into the spaceship.  Minutes later, they came back for the silver.  The truck pulled away as soon as the robots entered the airlock.
Josh and Cherry entered the airlock and closed the outside door.  Cherry plugged into the computer slot there.  After a few seconds, he said, "Belle's on high alert now.  She'll let us know if we have any visitors.  I've set the remote sensors to cover all around the spaceport and two will follow us wherever we go."
"Now, where do we put that?"
Lemmy said, "There are secure rooms just off the upper cargo bay.  We could store it there and lock the doors."
Josh nodded and soon the robots had the pallets stored in a secure room.  The three had followed the robots up to the upper cargo bay.  Josh reached out to grab two of the gold ingots and two of the silver.  He handed them to Lemmy.
She asked, "What's this for?"
"A little back wages.  Call it some walking around money."
"I didn't expect anything like this."
Josh grinned, "You helped us out when we needed it.  We pay our bills."
He slipped ten gold and ten silver ingots into a pouch he had slung over his shoulder.  Cherry did the same.  Cherry said, "Let's go shopping."

The three friends walked out of the spaceport facility into sunshine.  A comely alien with a short child greeted them, "Greetings, gentle beings.  Are you enjoying this glorious day?"
Josh said, "We just got here but yes, I like the feel of sun on my skin."
The child said, "I like —"
The taller alien backhanded him.  Tears formed in his eyes, but his mouth shut with a snap.  Cherry put his hand on Josh's arm to restrain him.
The tall alien asked, "Where are you off to today?"
Josh gritted his teeth, then said, "We need to buy some supplies."
"I'm from the Pomodore parked in orbit.  We have supplies and a great many other things if you'd care to fly up."
Josh glared at him, "No thanks.  We'll deal with the locals here."
Lemmy muttered under her breath, "He's a bad one.  Don't have anything to do with him."
Cherry gave Josh a gentle shove to get him moving.  Josh didn't notice that Cherry stepped on the alien's foot as they walked past but Lemmy did.  The alien reached around his body for something in the middle of its back.
When Lemmy saw Cherry's hand go to the tangler, she stepped to Josh's left.  A slight smile crossed Cherry's lips as he waited.  The alien let his hand drop back to his side.  Instead, he reached out to roughly grab the child and pull him into the terminal.
Josh said, "He didn't take the bait.  Were you going to tangle both of them or just the big one?"
Cherry chuckled, "You know me too well.  I'm monitoring them on the sensors.  If he would have pulled that weapon, I'd have made him eat it.  Man, this feels good getting back into a groove."
Lemmy stared sideways at the two.
Five cabs sat in front of the terminal.  Josh walked to the larger one in the middle.  He asked, "Are you free for the day?  We need to do some shopping and I'd rather not walk."
"Yes, sir.  I can take you anywhere you need to go.  What supplies are you looking for?  Maybe I can be of assistance."
Cherry said, "We need to go to a bank to get some local currency first.  Then we need a market to buy food."
The Orlowa native looked suspiciously at him.  He shuffled his feet a little, then asked, "Have you got money?  That could be a lot of running around."
Josh asked, "Do we look like we'd stiff you?"
"No, but neither did the last one.  You have a lot of weapons and you want to go to the bank…"
Josh reached in his pouch to pull out an ingot.  When the driver saw the gleam of gold, his mandibles rapidly clicked together.  He pulled the door open and waved them inside.  As the three climbed in, he rushed to the driver's seat.
As he drove to the bank, Cherry asked, "Do you have a lot of people trying to stiff you here?"
"Just the ones coming back from that pleasure ship up there.  Most leave here with pockets full of money, but all who return have nothing but empty in their pockets."
Josh and Cherry looked at one another over Lemmy's head.  She turned just then to look at Josh.  Her feather rammed up Cherry's nose.  He shoved it away.  Lemmy whirled on him, "Touch my feather again and I'll have to remove that hand."
Cherry's eyes opened wide in surprise, then narrowed.  "Keep your feather out of my nose and I won't touch it.  Let it get close again and I'll cut it off and shove it up your nose."
The driver swerved as he tried to watch the scene happening in his back seat.  Josh just rolled his eyes.  Soon they stopped in front of the bank.  Josh and Cherry left Lemmy in the cab to ease the driver's fears of them bilking him of his fare.
Inside, Josh sold one gold and one silver ingot to the bank to get an idea of the exchange rate.  The teller had to call for a supervisor.  The supervisor gave Josh a large pile of colored bills.  Across the face of each bill, he saw that the paper was backed by the government of Orlowa.
Thanking the teller as he stuffed the bills in his pouch, he turned to leave.  Cherry moved his eyes to show him a pair of aliens at a table in the corner.  They looked like they were writing on something, but Josh couldn't be sure.  The pair was definitely interested in what he had stuffed in his pouch.
When they got back to the cab, Lemmy insisted on getting cash.  She went back in while Josh kept an eye on the door.  As she came back out the door, she had some bills in her hand.  Behind her the two rough looking characters followed.
Josh reached for his blaster but stopped when one of the aliens grabbed Lemmy's shoulder.  Before the other one could touch her, the first went flying across the sidewalk.  Lemmy whirled, gave a little jump and kicked the thug in the knee.  The alien collapsed with a scream of agony.
Lemmy leaned over to say something to him, then calmly came back to the cab.  After she climbed in, Cherry asked, "What did you say to him?"
"I told him I didn't like people touching my things.  I suggested I might become violent if I saw him or his friend again.  Said Demmy might be inclined to add to his collection with their missing body parts."
Josh and Cherry laughed.  Josh asked, "Did they ask who Demmy was?"
"No, it never came up."
The driver looked like he had swallowed a yellow jacket and wanted to get rid of it.  Josh pulled one of the large denomination bills out of his pouch.  He handed it to the Orlowan and said, "Will this ease your mind about us skipping out without paying?"
"Oh, yes.  Where do you wish to go now?"
"We need to shop for food supplies.  Take us to some place that gives honest deals.  We don't want to visit a place that rips off spacers.  Demmy might want someone else's body parts for his collection."
The roar of the shuttle taking off caught their attention.  The driver said, "They must have found some more suckers with money.  They'll be back later with a bunch that is drugged or drunk out of their minds – and their pockets will be empty."

Josh and Cherry wandered the aisles of the store for an hour making a list.  Lemmy stuck with them for half that time pointing out fruits and vegetables she would eat.  After that, she became bored and wandered to the front of the store.
Across the street she spotted a shoe store.  When she caught Josh's eye, she waved and pointed across the street.  Josh nodded and went back to his list.  After completing the list, they found the store owner and negotiated a deal for their supplies.  They arranged to have them delivered the next morning.
Josh found some fresh fruit which he carried to the front of the store.  As he paid for it, he glanced across the street.  A small group of young Orlowans had gathered around something in front of the store.  Josh directed Cherry's attention to the commotion.
They both spotted the feather waving above the crowd.  Cherry stormed out the door heading to the other side of the street.  Josh hastily paid and followed.  Slipping the bag into his left hand, his eyes searched for the real trouble.  His right hand hung next to his blaster.
As he walked closer, he could hear the youth laughing and making fun of Lemmy's garish clothing.  Cherry reached the back of the crowd and hesitated.  One of the loud-mouthed young ruffians said, "Looks like a neon light.  I'll bet it glows in the dark."
Cherry shoved his way to the front.  He said, "I told you these stores wouldn't have anything in the latest style.  I don't think they even have any video feeds from the galactic capitol.  You're wasting your time here."
A girl said, "Are they really wearing that in the capitol."
Cherry glared at her.  He haughtily said, "Only those with the best taste – like all the video stars.  I saw this very outfit on – well, I'd better not say.  It could get out here and the entire city would want this outfit."
Another girl asked, "Was it Zaide?  Was it?"
"I can't say.  Lemmy just barely managed to get her outfit before we sailed.  She doesn't want to find it in every spaceport we come to."
The group now clamored for information on the clothes and where they could buy them.  Lemmy, embarrassed at all of the attention, could only stammer out the name of the store on the asteroid where Josh had found the clothes.  The group rushed away to find a terminal for the galaxy Ether.
Cherry quickly turned and walked back to Josh.  He asked, "Where to now?"
Lemmy crossed the street and joined them.  She said, "Thanks."
Cherry ignored her and looked at Josh.  Josh said, "We still need parts.  Our cab is still here; let's go see if he knows anyone."
Lemmy said, "I did find one interesting thing."
Josh asked, "What's that?"
"See that comm repair shop?  I went in and talked to the owner for a bit.  He told me about an old man who hangs out in The Hyperspace."
Cherry said, "How can he hang out in hyperspace?"
"Not in hyperspace, in The Hyperspace.  It's a local tavern near the spaceport."
Josh asked, "What's so unusual about this old man?"
"He tells tall tales of finding old spaceships.  He used to be the captain of his own spaceship until he had an accident.  Now he lives here."
Cherry said, "If he knows where there's some old ships, why hasn't he sold the location?  I'm sure someone would like to salvage them."
Lemmy said, "I don't know.  I don't even know if there are any Alcantaran ships there.  I just asked about old ships."
Josh said, "Cherry, it's time to get in bounty hunter mode.  You know we go on fewer clues than this.  We'll have to look the old man up.  Right now, I want to see what parts are available here."
When they had settled in the cab and told the driver where they wanted to go, Josh reached in the bag and brought out one of the fruits.  He offered it to Cherry.  Lemmy's eyes followed its every movement.  Cherry declined so Josh offered it to the Ezrawe.  She grabbed it and was soon making contented mmmm sounds.
At the spaceship parts place, they didn't find a single item on their list.  Josh noted that a lot of the extra parts they had on Belle would fit right in.  He almost offered to sell some to the owner but stopped.
Cherry asked about their interface problem, but the alien had no suggestions.  When they were outside, Cherry asked, "You were going to try to sell him some of our extra parts, weren't you?  Why didn't you?"
"We're too close to the asteroid.  I don't want to start a salvage rush trying to find where we got those parts.  I'd like to keep that asteroid our little secret."
Cherry said, "We'd better get back to Belle.  We have another shipment coming and I don't want to leave it sitting on the tarmac."
Josh said, "Yeah, me either.  When we get through pumping the fuel, I want to come back into town to eat.  I don't want any more of that replicated food."
Lemmy chimed in, "Me either.  That fruit was good."
Cherry sniffed, "We know.  It's still all over your face."
Lemmy wiped at her face with her sleeve.  Climbing back into the cab, they headed to the spaceport.  Not long after they arrived at Belle, the shipment of gold arrived.  Lemmy had the robots waiting just inside the airlock and soon had the pallet stored in the secure room.
Cherry said, "Josh, did you feel the eyes on us?"
"Yes, even with the shuttle gone, they must have left spies here."
Lemmy's eyes grew big.  Her ears flattened on her head.  She said, "Spies?  Are they dangerous?"
Cherry said, "Yep.  They especially like little fur balls.  You think you want to stay here and be safe?"
"Ah – umm – I don't know.  When will our food arrive?"
Josh said, "Tomorrow.  I'm getting hungry now, so we're going to go eat.  Are you going or staying?"
Lemmy's face twisted one way then another.  Her ears moved back and forth as she thought.  At last she said, "I want food.  I'll come with you."
Cherry said, "Wait a minute.  I need to get something from my quarters."
A few minutes later he came back with a blaster.  His stingerray was missing.  The three walked through the terminal at the spaceport and found a cab.  Josh told him to take them to a good eating place that served lots of fresh fruits and vegetables.
The cabbie dropped them off at a place and they walked in.  Several minutes later, five aliens came in to take a table near the door.  Cherry gave Josh the eye sign and Josh nodded that he had seen them.
During the meal Lemmy smacked her lips and mmmmed over each dish, much to Cherry's disgust.  He said, "I think we should stuff her back in a spacesuit during meals.  She's ruining my appetite."
Lemmy said, "There's an empty table over there by those aliens.  Why don't you go sit by them and ask what they want?"
Cherry just rolled his eyes.  After they finished, the three strolled back outside.  Josh and Cherry kept a wary eye out for more trouble-makers outside but didn't see anyone.  They caught a cab but didn't go directly to The Hyperspace.  Instead, they gave an address about two blocks away.
When the cab dropped them off, they saw taverns lining the street.  Cherry said, "With this many pleasure palaces, why would anyone on this planet want to go to that ship in space?"
Josh said, "Maybe that ship offers things they can't get here.  Come on.  I want to drift in and out of these places for a bit to see if we can lose our fans."
An hour later, satisfied that they weren't being followed, they entered the Hyperspace.  Scenes from different galaxies were projected on the ceiling and two of the walls.  After a few minutes, each of the scenes changed.  The interior was dark and smoky with most of the light coming from the scenes.  One wall was lined with booths so Cherry led the way to one near the rear.
The three ordered a drink and sat quietly for twenty minutes to make sure they were clear.  Josh whispered to Lemmy, "What's this guy's name?"
"The store owner just called him Captain."
Josh stood to go find the spacer while the other two watched the tavern's entrances.


Chapter 18


The bartender knew who Captain was.  After a few credits crossed his palm, he pointed him out.  Josh saw the man's bare arms sticking out of a faded, rumpled uniform coat with the sleeves cut off.  The back and front of the arms were covered in protrusions that looked like very sharp thorns.
Josh noted that his arms didn't look too muscular.  He studied his head as the Captain locked gazes with him.  Two yellow reptilian eyes with vertical irises set midway on the head stared back at Josh.  The head was a flat triangular wedge shape that tapered wider and thicker from the mouth/nose area.  The alien had a flat ridge that flared two inches wide, following the jaw to completely circle the head.  The flat ridge had the same sharp barbs along the edge as the arms had.  The back of the wedge-shaped head held two sharp, twelve-inch long horns which curved to the back.
After the man dropped his gaze to the drink on the table, Josh walked to his booth.  When the man looked up, Josh said, "Captain, I'd like to buy you a drink."
"What for?"
"I hear you tell some fine tales about old spaceships.  I'd like to hear those stories if you have the time."
"I have nothing but time.  Sit down."
"How about you come join us over there?  My friends want to hear these stories, too."
Josh thought the man might refuse but after a few seconds, he stiffly rose to his feet.  His six-foot three-inch frame limped awkwardly to the table and slid in beside Lemmy.
The Captain said, "How did such a lovely lady all decked out in the latest capitol fashion wind up here?"
Lemmy's ears flapped in embarrassment.  Cherry studied the Captain carefully before he asked, "Where did you hear about the latest capitol fashions?"
"My legs leave much to be desired in motor skills, but my ears still work.  The little lady still hasn't answered my question."
Lemmy quietly said, "I came to hear your stories."
The Captain said, "After you had a good meal."
Belle's crews' eyes widened in surprise.  Josh said, "Your ears must work very well."
"They do and I believe I heard something about a drink."
Josh motioned for the bartender to bring another round.  The Captain eyed them as they waited.  He took a drink and savored it for a long minute before he spoke again, "Why do you want to hear long-dead tales of old ships?"
Josh and Cherry looked at each other out of the corner of their eyes.  When both gave a slight nod, Josh said, "We recently acquired an old ship that needs a few parts.  We thought this might be a good way to track some of them down."
The Captain smirked, "Why don't you use some of those pallets of gold and silver?  They should buy a lot of parts."
Josh's jaw tightened, "Because we need specialized parts that most places don't carry.  We're going to have to salvage most of those parts.  How did you know about our transaction?"
"Like I said, my ears still work.  Half the city here knows about those pallets.  You'll most likely have some company later tonight to make sure they're tucked into bed nice and tight."
Josh smirked, "If someone does come checking, they'll be singing a loud lullaby to it."
"You seem mighty sure of yourself."
"We've had a little experience keeping what's ours.  The ones who wanted it decided we should keep it."
The Captain said, "I think you might at that.  You look like a species that I've heard a lot about lately.  Where are you from?"
"My folks came from Earth in the Milky Way galaxy."
"I thought so.  These others around here have no idea who they're messing with, do they?"
Josh hedged, "I'm not sure what you mean."
"You're driving an old Alcantaran spaceship.  You're a human.  I thought the stories said the big one was a Sandghost and the little one a Mis'stear, but they could have been wrong."
"No, that's not us.  I am a human, but Cherry here is an android and my partner.  Lemmy there is an Ezrawe.  She's our ship's engineer."
The Captain took a big swig of his drink and looked them over again.  He said, "So there's more than one group of you blasting around the stars.  Who are you?"
Josh said, "I'm Josh Gunn and this is my partner, Cherry Kang.  That's Lemmy Felafel."
Lemmy said, "You always forget Demmy.  That's him standing there.  Demmy Deladel."
The Captain only raised an eyebrow at Josh.  Josh gave a small shrug.  The Captain nodded slightly.  He asked, "How did you come to own an Alcantaran ship?"
Josh said, "We had a run in with some pirates and our other ship crashed.  We found Lemmy and the ship there.  Since our other ship wasn't in any shape to fly, we got this one going."
"Where did you say you found her?"
Josh's mouth tightened, "I didn't."
"Good enough.  I take it that it wasn't close around here because I haven't heard of any recent pirate activity."
Cherry said, "No, you could say it was light years from here."
"Didn't your other ship have any teeth?"
Josh said, "Yeah we had some.  Just not enough for the five of them."
"Hmmm, you like long odds?  How did they fare?"
Josh said, "We're here, they're not."
"Either you have a lot of luck or you have a little skill."
Cherry said, "We like to think it's a combination of the two."
The Captain drained the last of his drink.  When Josh waved the bartender over, the Captain said, "You should get one for the other little fella."
Josh hesitated then realized the Captain was talking about Demmy.  He ordered the drink and sat it next to Lemmy when it came.  After the Captain had another sip, Josh said, "About those stories…"
"Aw, the stories.  Well, when I first started making the rounds as a trader, I remember this one time.  My captain didn't have the skill, luck or gumption that you two have.  When four pirates came after us, he ran."
Taking another sip of his drink, he continued, "They pressed us really hard.  My captain tried every trick in the book to shake them.  I was on the sensors giving him updates as he flew.  He headed straight for the sun.  Flew so close I thought we were going to cook.
"At the last minute, he swung around it and used the slingshot effect to get away.  Now, before you ask, I'll tell you why that's so important.  That sun had a planet right up close.  Nothing more than a burnt cinder, but there on the backside I saw something.  Just a quick glance, but I snapped a picture.  The old man didn't want to hear about it so I kept it for myself."
He paused to take a drink.  After he sat the glass down, he glanced at Lemmy who sat with her mouth open.  He said, "I enhanced and blew up the image later.  I want to tell you that was some spaceship I saw sitting there."
Josh asked, "How do you know it's still there?"
"I don't for sure, but the two fools who tried to get to it radioed that they saw it before their ships burst into flames.  They tried to sneak in slow and careful."
Cherry asked, "What could you tell from your pictures?  Did the ship have holes?  Why do you think it was sitting so near the sun?"
"I never did figure out why it was there.  Maybe they ran out of fuel and put her down before they went into the sun.  Maybe they like some place hot.  Get that ship out of there and look at the log.  It should tell you."
Lemmy asked, "Do you think it might be an Alcantaran ship?"
"I'm pretty sure it is."
Josh asked, "What would you want for the coordinates to that ship?"
The Captain rubbed his jaw, being careful not to go against the grain of those thorns.  He said, "I don't know.  I know I need to know you a little better before I say.  I don't want to be responsible for three more deaths based on my old stories."
Disappointment flashed across three faces.  Josh tried again, "Do you have any other stories?"
"Not tonight.  Maybe tomorrow."
Cherry asked, "Do you know where we could get some up-to-date star charts around here?"
The Captain gave him a strange glance.  He said, "Yeah, Vidar has a pretty fair spaceport.  They'll have that."
The Captain paused and listened.  When Josh started to say something, he held up his hand.  At last he said, "We've got more company.  You seem to attract company."
Josh asked, "What do you mean?"
"Didn't you hear that spaceship come in?  And before you ask, it's not the shuttle.  It's something bigger."
The Captain used his arms to help shove his way to his feet.  He said, "It's time for me to be getting home.  Thanks for the drink.  Maybe I'll see you in here tomorrow.  Maybe I'll even feel more like telling stories."
The three sat there watching his hunched shape limp to the door.  Cherry said, "What do you think?"
Josh said, "I think he knows a lot more than he's telling.  I suspect we'll be spending a lot of time in this tavern."
Lemmy said, "He's a good man but troubled.  I think that spaceship landing is connected with his past trouble."
Cherry looked at her, "And how do you know that?  Did Demmy tell you?"
"No, I just know."
The bartender came over to see if they wanted any more drinks.  When Josh shook his head, he picked up the empty glasses.  As the man walked away, Josh asked, "Lemmy, do you think we should follow him?"
"I don't know things like that.  I just know he's in trouble."
Josh and Cherry shared a look then stood to their feet.  Lemmy followed behind.  As they walked out the door, they spotted the Captain walking down the block.  Several drunks staggered out of an establishment.  They moved between the three and the Captain as they made their way to another tavern.
People moved all along the sidewalk, so Josh, Cherry and Lemmy crossed the street between vehicles and followed the Captain.  Cherry nudged Josh.  He said, "See them in the doorway across the street?"
"There's two on this side behind us."
Lemmy turned her head to look around.  She said, "All I see are locals squandering their paychecks."
Cherry mocked, "That's alright, little one.  You just keep telling us which ones are good and which ones are bad."
Lemmy stuck her tongue out at him.  She quipped, "Josh is a good one.  Twinkles is bad."
Cherry said, "Josh, how long are we going to put up with this?  Are we going to take the initiative or let them make their play?"
"Take the initiative but not here.  Too many witnesses."
Lemmy's ears flattened against her head.  She asked, "What are you going to do?"
Cherry said, "Teach some people that they shouldn't mess with us."
The Captain turned down a side street.  Josh said, "Cherry, do you have a sensor you could put on him?"
Cherry hesitated for a few seconds then said, "It's done.  Now we can start our lessons."
Lemmy said, "Don't you think we should call the police?  Wait, guys, don't go down there.  It's dark."
The three turned the opposite way the Captain had.  Before they were half-way down the block, the three aliens who had been tailing them turned into the street.  A vehicle turned the corner ahead.
The vehicle's lights were off and it barreled at them.  The three thugs behind broke into a run.  As the vehicle screeched to a stop, Josh and Cherry did the unexpected.  They rushed the vehicle as two occupants started to climb out.  Lemmy dropped to the sidewalk in the fetal position.
Cherry vaulted over the vehicle to the passenger side while Josh went to the driver's side.  Cherry slammed the door into the passenger.  He heard the crunch of broken bones in the thug's face.  Cherry struck again, punching him in his injured nose.  The man collapsed to the ground.  Cherry kicked him in the head, ensuring that the being would stay unconscious for a few minutes.
Meanwhile, Josh had drawn his blaster as he sprinted.  He banged the barrel into the driver's head and watched him slump to the ground.  Josh grabbed him and punched him in the face several times.  The man drooped back to the ground like a wet noodle when Josh released him.
Cherry whirled to face the other three, bringing the tangler to his shoulder.  Before he could fire, the thugs reached Lemmy.  One grabbed her by the collar, jerking her upright while another pulled a blaster.  The third grabbed at her arm.
Josh and Cherry stared in stunned surprise at what happened next.  The one with the blaster raised it to point in their direction.  Out of nowhere, Lemmy's vibro-knife flashed into view.  The man's wrist, hand holding the blaster and the blaster dropped to the ground.
The man holding her arm released it when the vibor-blade touched his elbow.  He leaped to the side to get away.  He bumped the one holding her collar, causing him to stumble and almost fall.  Lemmy dropped to the ground.  The blade flashed again and the man who had been holding her collar let out a scream as he bounded back.  Cherry saw that the ends of his shoes had been cut off and suspected toes were missing as well.
The man knocked Lemmy's hat off when he jumped.  With an audible snarl, she grabbed something from it.  Four shots followed.  She hit both men twice.  Swinging the weapon to the one who sat in the street holding the stump of his arm, she shot him twice.
Josh looked at Cherry.  "I think we might have been underestimating someone."
"Yeah."
They cautiously walked up to her.  Josh asked, "Lemmy, are you alright?"
"I am now, thanks to Demmy."  She bent over to pick up her hat.  "Look at this, they wrecked my hat and I think I have blood on my pants and new shoes."
Josh said, "That's alright.  We'll get you some new ones."
"Not on this planet.  Their stuff is too dull and boring."
As she walked toward the vehicle, Cherry muttered, "A psychiatrist would be able to fill several books with her case study.  She is certifiably insane.  I think we'd better get out of here."
"We need to take out the trash.  Lemmy, what did you shoot these apes with?"
"I didn't, but Demmy used a stingerray.  They'll be alright in a few hours – except for that fierce headache."
Cherry rolled his eyes at Josh.  His under-skin lights blazed a bright red.  Josh said, "At least these idiots provided us with transportation.  Let's get those two loaded first then these.  Lemmy, blast those other two.  We don't want them waking up to cause problems."
"I couldn't do that —"  She stopped when she saw his look.  "But I can let Demmy use my stingerray."
Josh and Cherry swiftly moved to start loading the two by the vehicle after she had shot them.  They stuffed them in the trunk.  Cherry pulled the vehicle forward while Josh walked up to the other three.  He glanced down the street in both directions.  Seeing it empty, he stepped up to the one with the missing hand.
He pulled his blaster and set it on the lowest setting.  Holding the man's stump out, he blasted the end cauterizing it.  Going to the one with toes missing, he did the same thing.  Cherry helped him stuff the two wounded thugs – including the severed hand – in the trunk.  There was no room for the third.
They wound up stuffing him in the floorboards in the rear seat.  They pushed Lemmy in the seat.  She wrinkled her nose at that indignity.  She held her feet up on the seat away from the man's body.
Josh jumped in the driver's seat while Cherry slid into the passenger seat.    Josh asked, "Now where did the Captain get to?
Cherry used his comm to pull up the video from the sensor.  He said, "Uhh oh, we have a problem."
Josh asked, "What?"
"He's four blocks away and I can see another vehicle following him.  A goon just jumped out behind him —"
Josh didn't wait.  He accelerated away.  Barely slowing at the well-lit street, he almost hit a drunk trying to stagger across.  The vehicle picked up even more speed as Cherry relayed details of the scene ahead.
Josh said, "I see them.  They're stopping."
Cherry yelled, "They just shot him.  He's down."
The vehicle slewed to the left as Josh jammed on the brakes.  His window faced the rear of the other vehicle.  He jerked his blaster out and opened fire.  The attacker on the street leaned into the vehicle for protection.
Cherry stepped out of his door and fired the tangler.  A sticky web flew through the air, wrapping around the one leaning on the vehicle.  The web stuck to the vehicle as well, pinning the attacker there.
Josh continued to pour blasts into the rear of the other vehicle.  The back window shattered and scattered glass everywhere.  Two more blasts blew the windshield out.  The other vehicle shot ahead dragging the one stuck on the outside.  They could hear his screams as his feet drug on the pavement.
Cherry trotted to the Captain with his tangler held at the ready.  Stooping over the old alien, he checked for a pulse.  He yelled, "He's just stunned.  They must have used a stingerray on him."
Josh pulled up next to him and jumped out.  Together they eased him into the back seat.  Lemmy had to move out the other door as she tried to help them.  Josh trotted around to the driver's seat and Cherry sat down in the passenger side.
Lemmy asked, "Where am I going to sit?  There's no room in the back."
Josh growled, "Sit on Cherry's lap."
"But, but —"
"Sit or walk, it's your choice.  You have two seconds."
Lemmy hurried around to the other side and gingerly climbed into Cherry's lap.  Cherry snarled, "Take that stupid hat off.  If that feather goes up my nose, I'll throw it out the window."
"You might as well.  It's ruined."
Josh said, "Shut up you two.  Nobody's throwing anything out.  Throw it in the back seat.  So far, we haven't left any evidence.  Let's get out of here before we do.


Chapter 19


Josh stepped on the accelerator and shot away from the curb.  Cherry said, "Not too fast.  We don't want to be pulled over with everything we've got in the back and in the trunk."
Lemmy asked, "Where are we going?"
Josh said, "We need somewhere quiet to question those nitwits who attacked us.  I think I'll head out into the country to see if we can find a nice dark, empty place."
Cherry said, "I've got the sensor flying ahead to find us a spot."
An hour later they were deep into the country.  Houses became few and far between.  Cherry said, "About a mile ahead turn left.  There's nothing around for at least two miles.  Lemmy, sit still.  All that wiggling makes it hard for me to see my comm."
Josh shook his head.  He turned left at the road Cherry indicated.  They bumped along on the uneven dirt road for several minutes.  Turning right into a clearing, he stopped the vehicle.  Cherry opened the door and pushed Lemmy off his lap before she had a chance to move.
She reached into her clothes and Cherry hesitated before he got out.  Lemmy glared at him, then moved away.  Josh climbed out and opened the back door.  Grabbing the thug by the collar, he dragged him out.  When the man's shoulders and chest cleared the door, Josh dropped him with a thud.
Reaching back inside, Josh grabbed the man's feet.  He carefully eased them around the Captain.  When his feet cleared, Josh flipped him end over end.  As he landed, a whoosh of breath came out.
Cherry met him at the trunk and they roughly threw those inside to the ground.  Cherry grabbed the hand and tossed it to its owner, but left the blaster in the trunk.  Once they had them out, they split up and searched each thug.  Weapons, money and any comm units went into the trunk after being checked to find out anything about the goons.
While Josh and Cherry worked on the attackers, Lemmy checked the Captain over.  She saw some of the thorns on his arms had broken off and wept a green-colored ooze.  After she stopped the bleeding, she made him as comfortable as possible.
Cherry and Josh finished their search.  They walked around to the open door of the vehicle.  Josh asked, "How's he doing?"
"I think he's alright.  I'm a little worried though.  Those stingerrays are tough on younger people.  I don't know about someone as old as him."
Cherry asked, "How old do you think he is?"
"I can sense he is old for his race."
Josh said, "There's not much we can do right now.  Even a healing unit won't change much except the headache.  We can take him home when we finish here."
Cherry asked, "You know where his home is?  I sure don't.  I don't feel right searching him for clues."
"Yeah, I don't either.  I guess we take him back to Belle.  How long do you think it'll take to wake up some of these apes?"
Cherry snorted, "The three the little fur ball double-tapped won't be up for quite a spell.  If I had some wire, I could stimulate the other two."
Lemmy reached into her purse and pulled out a small roll of electrical wire.  She asked, "Will this do?"
Cherry looked at her in amazement.  "Why would you have a roll of electrical wire in your purse?"
"I'm a ship's engineer.  You never know what you might need.  I had to do some rewiring in the cargo bay.  When I got through, you were ready to leave.  You know as well as I do that you don't leave anything loose on a spaceship.  It'll come flying back to bite you if you do."
Cherry just shook his head and took the wire.  Stepping to the trunk, he pulled a tail light wire enough to be able to strip a small section.  In just a few minutes, he had Lemmy's wire attached to it.
Waving at the driver, he said, "Bring him over here."
Josh pulled him to the rear of the vehicle.  Cherry leaned his head against the back, then touched the wire to his ear.  Nothing happened.  Cherry pulled his vibro-knife and scraped a spot to bare metal.  He nicked the driver's ear and let it bleed on the bare spot before he shoved his head against it.
This time, when he touched his ear, sparks flew and flesh started smoking.  Moving the wire away, Cherry waited a few seconds.  When the driver gave no response, he touched the wire to a different place on his ear.  More sparks and smoke attested to it working.  The driver gave a moan so Cherry moved the wire.
The man still didn't move so Cherry touched his ear again.  This elicited a scream from the man.  His eyes flew open and he tried to move his head.  Cherry's hand kept it firmly in place.  At Josh's nod, Cherry held the wire to the man's ear again.
When the shrieking stopped, Josh saw that a large blister had formed.  He asked, "Why have you been following us?  Why did you try to kidnap us?"
The alien whined, "You can't do this.  I didn't do anything.  I saw some guys coming down the street and thought I knew them.  I just stopped —"
Cherry didn't wait for Josh's nod.  He touched the wire to his ear again.  The screams lasted longer this time.  Josh said, "This could get really painful.  Why don't you just tell me what I want to know?  I'm afraid my friend here will want to move on to more sensitive body parts.  I hate to listen to all the noise when that happens."
The thug whimpered, "I don't know what you're talking about.  I just —"
The wire went inside his nose this time.  The sounds choked off when the alien passed out.  While Cherry slapped him awake, Josh bent down to pick up the severed hand.  Josh asked, "We've got all night.  How long do you have?"
"I don't know anything, honest."
"Cherry, I think he's right.  He doesn't know anything.  Let's move on."  Josh hesitated and shuffled his feet.  "I wonder if he has any body parts that Demmy might want.  I'm pretty sure he won't want the damaged ears or nose.  What else is left?"
Cherry chuckled, "Maybe a hand or a foot."
The man squirmed but Cherry held him firm.  The alien said, "You're bluffing.  You won't do any permanent damage."
Josh silently tossed the hand in his lap.  The thug screamed and tried to move.  His hands swiped at his lap trying to move the hand without touching it.  The hand finally fell in the dirt beside him.  He tried to squirm away but Cherry wouldn't let him move.
Josh said, "That's one trophy he's already taken.  Since you don't know enough for us to bother with, your next stop is Demmy."
"No, wait.  The boss told me to see if we could find out how to get that gold and silver bullion.  That's all.  We would have just questioned you…"
Cherry laughed, "And if you thought you could do it, you'd take care of our ship, too.  Right?"
"No, really —"
Lemmy flipped on her vibro-knife.  The sonic sound carried clearly in the stillness.  Josh said, "He's lying through his teeth.  We can't believe a word he says.  Give him to Demmy."
The thug grabbed the vehicle, trying to hold on.  He screamed, "No, wait.  We would have taken the spaceship if we could have."
Josh asked, "What would you do with it?"
"If it's any good, we'd take it to a rendezvous and they'd take it to a shop to remove all ID, then they'd sell it or put it into our service.  If it's a piece of junk, they'd scrap it."
Cherry asked, "How many ships in your service?  How many people?  Remember, one more lie and you belong to Demmy."
"I have no idea how many people.  I've heard as many as five or six thousand, but I don't know if that's rumors or not.  I know of ten other ships like the Pomodore.  I have no idea how many ships like yours are run in trade and other things."
Cherry looked at Josh, trying to warn him not to do anything stupid.  Josh ignored him and asked, "What other things?  Where do you get the people to man all those ships like the Pomodore and the others?"
"We recruit them.  That's some of what the other ships do."
Josh said, "And."
"Uhh – umm – Sometimes we take some people in trade for debts owed.  Others have to be encouraged a little."
Cherry yelled, "Josh, stop."  He'd seen the fire come in Josh's eyes and the hand move toward the blaster.
Josh took two deep breaths then asked, "Is that all you do with those people?"
The man cringed but Cherry brought the wire closer to his nose.  "No, sometimes we get orders for certain work specialties.  The other ships collect them."
Josh asked, "What else do those ships do?"
The man closed his eyes before he answered, "Some people call them pirates."
Josh's voice dropped to a whisper, "What is this service you work for called and who's the head?"
The alien hesitated until Cherry jabbed his nose with the wire.  After a loud shriek, he said, "It's called Exurbiu Entertainment.  The boss is Lobos.  I don't think anyone has ever seen her.  She'd kill me if she knew I even talked to you."
Cherry saw Josh coming to his boiling point.  He tried to avert the bloodshed that would follow when he did.  He quietly said, "Josh, this bunch had nothing to do with your sister."
"Are you sure?  Maybe they were the forerunner.  If I wipe out this cancer, maybe she'll have a chance."
"Josh, you need to think about the consequences."
"I am.  She would have been better off never being born – than to have gone through that…"
"Josh, please.  Take a deep breath.  We need more information and we may be able to get it from these filthy slavers.  I know I can't stop you from pursuing them, so let's at least give ourselves a chance to succeed."
Josh sucked in several trembling breaths.  The red in his face returned to near normal but Cherry could still see the rapid pulse in the artery in his neck.  Lemmy started to ask something, but Cherry's fierce glare silenced her.
Finally, Josh said, "Alright, we interrogate.  If I smell anything like a lie, body parts will drop and keep dropping until I think it's the truth."
"I'll get the sensor closer to record everything.  We can go back over it later to make sure we don't miss anything."
While he concentrated on his comm unit, Lemmy asked, "What are you talking about?  What happened to your sister?"
Josh said, "Not now, Lemmy.  After we get through with these – these slimy, filthy dirty slavers, I'll answer your questions."
When Cherry moved his hands to use his comm, the thug started to move until he glanced at Josh.  He saw his death waiting to happen.  Sucking in a breath, he clung to the vehicle and froze in place, hoping Josh wouldn't react.
Josh said, "Lemmy, could you please check on the Captain?"
Cherry said, "It's ready.  What do we do about them?  Some of them may wake up while we're interrogating."
"You watch him.  I'll take care of them.  If he wiggled or opened his mouth, I don't know if I could keep from chopping him into little pieces."
The alien turned a sickly yellow-green.  His legs started twitching and terror crawled across his face as he realized it.  He shut his eyes, not wanting to see his death come.  Josh walked to the others and pulled his vibro-knife.  The sound of it coming to life carried to the thug.  He passed out.
Josh quickly cut strips from the men's clothing to securely bind and gag them.  He dragged them apart then blindfolded them.  Returning to the light of the vehicle, he said, "OK, let's get this done."
Josh and Cherry interrogated the thugs until daylight.  The screams and shrieks of the current interviewee helped fuel the free flow of information from the next one.  By the time they had worked on each of them twice, Josh thought he had most of the data they could provide.  He knew all of their contacts, codes and ways of doing things aboard the ship and on the ground.
The information did nothing to cool his anger.  The tales of kidnappings, beatings, deaths and bribes made his breath come in short harsh gasps.  Cherry had to keep talking to him to stop him from chopping them into pieces.  Finally, Josh pulled his knife and attacked a small shrub, chopping it to small pieces.
Lemmy hid in the vehicle watching over the Captain.  Occasionally, she would peer out the back door at the activity.  When Josh attacked the bush, she ducked back inside and hid her head under her coat.
Josh came back to the vehicle and slid down the side of it next to Cherry.  Cherry said, "Feel better now?"
"No.  I didn't hear any squeals or begging for mercy and I didn't see any blood flying."
"You'll just have to be satisfied with the torture we did until we take on that space-bound toilet.  I assume that will be your next target."
"Yeah, maybe.  I don't know if we can take on two hundred crew men.  If it wasn't for the slaves on there, I'd blast it to atoms."
"So how do we get the slaves off?"
The Captain staggered out of the vehicle.  He asked, "Get the slaves off of what?  Are you working with the Bugs?"
Josh asked, "Who are the Bugs?  I think I've heard of them but I just can't place them."
The Captain said, "The lowest, slimiest good-for-nothing beings in this universe.  They come to a planet and steal entire towns – people included.  Some people call them the Challeka Traders of Elgebar V, but I say they are just vermin that should be stepped on and ground underneath your heel."
Cherry asked, "Why doesn't someone stop them?"
"They hit and then disappear."
Josh asked, "How do you know so much about them?  What did they do to you to make you despise them so much?"
"I was a trader.  I flew all over making a decent living.  Then I started running into planets where they had been.  Like I said, entire towns missing.  They mainly went after places with factories."
The Captain stopped, overcome with emotion.  At last, he took a deep breath and continued, "My race wanted to join with them to start a new dynasty.  I campaigned around our federation showing pictures of the raped planets and interviews of people who had lost dear ones."
A quiet sob escaped from him.  "Powerful people told me to shut up and mind my own business.  I didn't listen.  I should have.  It's my fault they're gone…"
Josh gently asked, "What happened, Captain?"
"One of the most powerful individuals called one night.  She said my family had taken a vacation.  They would contact me when they arrived.  I flew back to my home to find the Bugs had visited it.  The individual had spread the story that it was my fault for showing the pictures.  My town tried to grab me but I escaped."
The anger shone in his eyes, "I tried for months to find some way to negotiate with the Bugs for my family's release but to no avail.  I guess – no, I know I tipped over the edge into temporary insanity."
A shudder ran through his frame, "I found some asteroids and plotted a path for them.  The individual who sold my family had a big meeting with her other backers.  I shoved them at the planet.  They hit harder than I expected.  A third of the planet was killed.  They attacked my freighter and destroyed it.  I managed to escape in a small shuttle.  I found a way to hitch rides around the universe until I landed here.  I quit running and now wait to face my death."
Josh said, "I'm sorry to hear that."
"I got careless tonight.  I intend to take as many with me as I can when I go.  Are these the ones who attacked?"
Cherry said, "No, they attacked us.  They're with the Pomodore."
The Captain glared at the lumps lying under the bushes.  He asked, "What do they have to do with slaves?"
Josh's jaw tightened before he answered, "They use slaves as prostitutes and other workers on it and other ships.  They force people to sell neighbors and relatives to pay off gambling debts.  Those same people have a branch that specializes in kidnapping certain skilled people for someone."
The Captain started to move toward them, but Cherry stopped him.  The Captain asked, "Did they say who they sold them to?  It sounds like something the Bugs would have them do."
Josh said, "They didn't really say but we can wake one of them up and ask.  Cherry, would you do the honors?"
Cherry grabbed the driver and dragged him over.  Tears were streaming down his face.  When Josh removed the gag, the man whimpered, "I've told you everything I know.  I don't know anything else.  Please —"
The Captain leaned in close to his face, "Who do you sell the skilled people to?"
The man's eyes looked up and to his right, "I don't know."
Before Josh or Cherry could react, the Captain's hand flew forward and grabbed the man's ear.  He gave a powerful jerk and the ear came off in his hand.  The driver screamed and started to pass out.  The Captain slapped him.
The alien's eyes fluttered and widened as he saw the look in the Captain's face.  He stammered, "I think I heard Challeka Traders, but I don't know for certain."
"But you do know what they look like."
"Yes, as far as outward appearance.  I've never seen what they actually look like."
"And?"
The driver gulp, "They're about four foot tall.  They always wear a robe with a face shield.  I think they have four arms.  That's all I know."
The Captain straightened and turned to Josh and Cherry.  He said, "The Bugs.  If these scum work with them, maybe I can find a way to trace my family.  How did they get on the planet?  I'll —"
Cherry said, "Whoa, Captain.  You'll have to stand in line.  We get them first.  We know a little but we still need more information to penetrate that ship in orbit.  If you help us, we'll try to get one of the big wigs on the ship.  They'll know a lot more than this trash."
The Captain stared at the two bounty hunters.  He said, "You're planning on taking over that ship, aren't you?"
Josh nodded.  The old man said, "Are your friends on Earth going to help you?"
Josh said, "No, we don't have any friends with spaceships on Earth.  We'll have to figure a way to do it ourselves."
"Just the three of you?"
"No, the two of us.  Lemmy doesn't like violence."
The Captain looked from Josh to Cherry and back again as if they had two heads.  He said, "Yes, you're the race that wiped out so many of my race's spaceships and blasted the Bugs.  How many ships did they have?"
Josh said, "That wasn't us, but I believe they had seven ships."
"And wiped out over 350 battleships.  My people wouldn't listen to me.  I think you can take that ship in orbit.  What can I do to help?"
Cherry asked, "Who are your people?"
The Captain looked incredulous, "You don't know?  I'm a Hanami.  I was part of the Hanami Federation."


Chapter 20


Cherry and Josh stared at the old captain.  Cherry finally asked, "Does this mean we're enemies?"
"No, it means I'm a Hanami.  Your friends – your race taught mine a lesson they needed.  It might even have been a cheap lesson.  Your race could have wiped out our entire space Navy and conquered our Federation.  They didn't."
Josh asked, "So, where do we go from here?"
"Were you serious about trying to find my family?  Do you think you can?"
Josh said, "Finding people is what we do.  We're just getting started in this area, so it'll take some time to set up our network of information.  We also have a priority to get rid of this pond scum and their boss."  He waved at the five trussed up aliens.
Cherry's eyes flashed a warning but Josh ignored it.  Josh said, "I don't know if we can get everyone in the organization, but we can destroy it, especially the head."
Cherry asked, "Captain, do you think the ones who attacked you are with this bunch?"
"No, I'm pretty sure they are paid kidnappers or assassins from the planet I destroyed.  They've followed me the last ten years.  Usually, I'd pack up and leave now.  But things are different this time."
Cherry asked, "How?"
"I've made some friends here and have been working to redeem myself.  I'm taking care of some widows and orphans.  I can't leave them.  I need to figure out a way to throw the killers off or deter them."
Josh said, "If we had our network set up, we could help, but it'll take some time."
The Captain said, "I can help with that.  Thirty years of trading around the universe has left me with a pretty extensive network.  I have friends who have friends, if you know what I mean."
Cherry said, "We'll need some money, too.  We have parts we need for Belle and looking for people always goes easier if you grease the right palms."
Lemmy suddenly piped up, "I'm hungry.  It's daylight already."
Josh said, "She's right.  So am I.  This is not the place to have a discussion about this.  I really don't want to do it where they might hear something.  Maybe I should just —"
Cherry grabbed his arm as he reached for his blaster.  The Captain said, "I can take care of them.  Besides, we should keep them around for a short time.  Once we get into this, we might have a question or two for them."
Josh said, "Captain, I don't think it would be safe for you to go back to your usual haunts right now.  How about coming with us to Belle?"
"Is Belle your spaceship?"
"Yes."
"I'd be glad to do that.  I've wanted to check out one of the Alcantaran ships ever since I first heard the stories about them.  Is it true they can be made invisible?"
Cherry's eyes narrowed, "Ours doesn't – as far as we know, but it doesn't have an Alcantaran AI.  I don't think our ship will operate to its full potential until we get that."
The Captain pulled out his comm and made a call.  He said, "I have a friend who will pick up the trash here in about an hour.  She'll keep them on ice as long as we need her to."
Lemmy asked, "What's she going to do with them?"
The Captain answered loudly enough for the thugs to hear, "As long as they work in her mine, they'll eat.  No work and they become the bait for some of the local carnivores."
Cherry strode to each one and shot them with a stingerray.  He said, "That will keep them out of trouble and ease their worries until your friend gets here.  We need to get back to Belle.  We have food supplies coming."
They climbed into the vehicle with Lemmy joining the Captain in the back seat.  Josh drove back into the city.  No one said much until they were dodging the traffic.  Then the Captain said, "You know, if you capture that ship in orbit, that could ease all of our money problems.  I know someone who would take it off our hands.  They would make sure that it didn't fall back into Exurbiu Entertainment's hands again."
The rest of the way to the spaceport, they discussed what the ship could be profitably used for.  As they drew up to the gates of the spaceport, the Captain asked, "I see my enemies' ship out there.  How do we get into yours without letting them know where I'm at?"
Josh said, "Just scrunch down in the seat.  I'll take care of it.  We don't want this vehicle on display either."
As they drove through the gate, Cherry opened the lower cargo bay door.  Josh drove the vehicle in and Cherry closed the spaceship door.  Josh parked then everyone except the Captain jumped out to secure the vehicle.
The Captain nodded, "Glad to see you're not a Sunday sailor.  Leaving something like this loose, even if you plan to use it in a few minutes, spells trouble.  One day you don't make it back out and that thing becomes a projectile when you have to take off – maybe when you're in a hurry."
Josh grinned at him, "Cherry and I learned that a long time ago."
Before they could show the Captain around, the food supplies came.  Lemmy fired up six robots to move the supplies to the galley.  While Lemmy and Cherry stowed them, Josh fixed breakfast.
As they ate, the Captain said, "So you're bounty hunters.  Strange that I've never heard of you."
Josh said, "Bounty hunter?  I don't recall saying that's what we do."
"When you hunt people for money, that's what I call them.  How come no one here knows about you?  Isn't that strange?"
"Not so strange.  We come from across the universe in the pursuit of a pirate.  We didn't advertise our presence much there and we don't intend to do it here.  We're very selective about who we go after."
Lemmy spoke up, "You and Twinkles are bounty hunters?  You chase pirates like the guys in the videos?"
Cherry said, "Yeah and we chop off the heads of the idle curious.  Did you notice that in the videos?"
Josh glared at him as Lemmy ducked.  The Captain still had a look of concern on his face.  He asked, "What are your parameters for going after someone?"
Josh said, "We would search for someone like your family or like the pirate we were after.  He killed the crews on every ship he stopped.  He didn't need to do that.  We stopped him.  The head of Exurbiu Entertainment is another that will be stopped."
The Captain's eye brows lifted, "You don't take all of them in for a trial, do you?  Some are never heard from again."
Josh looked him in the eye and nodded.  He asked, "Is this a problem?"
"No, I've run into too many who should have suffered the same fate but didn't.  Any Bugs you run into should be sent into the closest sun, regardless of what they are doing."
Cherry said, "You don't like Bugs, do you?  Why?"
The Captain said, "If you'd seen what I have, you wouldn't ask that.  They have no morals, redeeming qualities or scruples.  The people they kidnap are never heard from again.  Your – fellow citizens are the only ones in known history who have escaped.  I take that back.  They released thousands when they captured those mother ships."
Josh stood up to start cleaning up the dishes.  The others pitched in and soon they had everything cleared away.  Josh said, "We need to get the stuff out of the trunk of that vehicle.  I want to see if there's anything in there that could get us on that sewer in orbit."
Cherry said, "I'll get it.  You show the Captain some of our interviews.  Between the four of us, we'll find a way."
When Cherry came back, he dumped the weapons, comm units and other personal effects on the table.  Josh picked up a comm unit.  Flipping it over, he studied it.  He mused, "I wonder if they use these as IDs on that ship.  We could use them to get inside.  Work our way to the cockpit —"
Cherry asked, "And do what?  How would we know who is a slave and who's a bad guy?  What would we do with the ship if we captured the cockpit?"
Josh said, "We could bring her down to the planet here and let the police arrest the bad guys."
The Captain said, "I don't think that will work.  How do you think that ship is able to keep coming back here even after people disappear?  Someone is on the take.  How many?  You might be arrested for piracy."
Josh said, "Maybe another planet."
The Captain said, "It's the same wherever these ships stop.  If you took it to a Hanami Federation planet, they wouldn't do anything because the ship hasn't done anything in their sphere of influence."
Josh gritted his teeth, "Then let's just start working our way through the ship, shooting the bad guys."
Cherry said, "I'm with you.  Point out the bad ones and I'll shoot them."
Lemmy said, "You don't even know how many there are.  What if they have a ship standing by somewhere with soldiers?"
Cherry said, "There's another little problem, too – the ship next door.  Those people are after the Captain.  We can't fight a battle on two sides."
Lemmy said, "Too bad you couldn't get them to fight each other."
The Captain said, "We really don't want to start anything here.  Both sides would be coming here in force.  I've got too many friends that could get hurt.  They don't have anywhere to run like we do."
One of the comm units beeped.  Everyone stared at it.  A voice came over it, "Lavali, what are you doing?  Why don't you answer?  We've got some of the shills coming down.  You need to escort them around and get another load of suckers up here.  The Captain said if we don't get enough this load, we're pulling out and heading to Vidar.  The pickings are a lot richer there."
Josh looked at Cherry, "Can you mimic the driver?  Answer him."
"What'll I say?"
"Tell him you've been busy trying to secure another spaceship with a load of gold and silver."
Cherry picked up the comm and answer as Josh had suggested.  The voice on the other end became excited, "A full load of gold and silver?  What's the spaceship like?  Will it make a good bonus for us?"
Cherry mimicked the driver, "What do you mean for us?  Me and the boys are the ones who captured it.  I want you to know it wasn't easy.  The crew fought like madmen.  We ain't sharing this bonus with anyone."
"Did it cause any problems with the spaceport people?"
"Naw, we did it off site.  The big problem is getting back into the spaceship and opening the secure storage."
"Well, hurry it up.  Like I said, I've got shills I'm bringing down.  You need to work them."
"Wait until dark to bring them down.  They won't be any good until then and that'll give us time to settle this spaceship thing."
"I'll run your idea by the captain.  Gee, some people are sure lucky."
"Not luck.  Skilled and good looking."
The voice laughed and signed off.  The four looked at each other for a moment before Josh said, "We've got a short reprieve.  Now we really need to come up with a plan."
They kicked around ideas for over an hour.  Frustration and tension filled the air.  Finally, Josh stood to pace the room.  Cherry eyed him then a small smile came to his lips.  Lemmy looked between the two.
Josh halted and looked at the Captain, "How many crew will be on that ship over there?"
"I'd guess no more than ten.  They thought it would be an easy snatch and grab."
"You think there might be any rewards out for any of them?"
"I don't know.  Maybe.  What are you thinking?"
Josh paced a little more before he answered, "We need to take over that ship.  I don't think we can be gentle about it.  If that ship in orbit became convinced that these goons were trying to take over their territory, they might jump out of here ahead of time.  We know where they are going, so we can follow and do our thing there."
The Captain said, "Having that ship could give us more mobility.  The rewards would give us money to operate for now."
"Yes, and if we use it right, that floating sewer will think they are attacking them.  With a little judicious broadcasting, we can have a turf war."
The Captain said, "Just so it's not here.  Vidar would be perfect.  It's a little bigger with more money at stake."
Cherry asked, "So how do we get into that ship?"
The Captain said, "If I had a weapon, I could take care of that."
Josh said, "Take your pick.  If you don't like them, we have some others."
"I was thinking of something else."
The Captain now had all of their attention.  He said, "Maybe a cobalt bomb."
Cherry said, "What?  You've got to be kidding.  That could wipe out half the spaceport here."
The Captain chuckled, "If you had one sitting at your backdoor, would you open it to keep from getting blown up?"
"Yeah, sure.  You'd have no choice.  No spaceship sitting on the ground is going to survive."
Josh said, "That sounds good, but where are you going to get a cobalt bomb around here?"
The Captain said, "We make it."
Lemmy said, "Now you're starting to sound as crazy as these two.  You can't make a cobalt bomb.  We don't have the facilities nor the components."
"I know that and you know that, but those goons over there don't."
Josh and Cherry's eyes lit up in understanding.  Lemmy still didn't get it, she asked, "How are you going to convince them you have a cobalt bomb?  Won't you have spaceport security all over you in about ten seconds?"
"All the killers have to do is see a little radiation and they'll panic.  Those types aren't used to someone threatening them.  It doesn't even have to work."
Cherry said, "If you had a shield generator that went over the ship, it would make it more believable.  It would contain the blast and only destroy that ship."
Josh said, "Yeah, we could be on that ship in no time and take the assassins prisoners.  They could be dealt with later.  Lemmy, how do we build a fake bomb that will fool a ship's scanners."
She thought for a moment then told them.  When she finished, she asked, "What about the shuttle and the shills that are coming?  How are you going to take over the Pomodore?"
Josh said, "One problem at a time.  We have a few hours.  Let's take control of that ship then worry about the shuttle and the Pomodore later.  Cherry, you'd better carry that comm and answer them.  Come on, it's time to get into action."
Cherry said, "You know, maybe I could send a message from the ship next door.  Tell their bosses that the Pomodore has taken the Captain.  Make up some story about them giving him asylum or something.  That should build up even more resentment.  If we can fan the flames a little, we just might start that war between the bad guys."
The Captain chuckled, "I knew there was a good reason having a drink with you guys felt right.  I think it's time to strike a blow against some dirty underhanded people.  I'm tired of hiding and running.  I want to make them sweat for a change."
The four went to the workshop in the lower cargo bay.  As Lemmy and Josh built a fake bomb, Cherry and the Captain checked the weapons the Captain had chosen.  When they were satisfied everything worked, Cherry and the Captain went to get a grav-sled.
They loaded a shield generator on it and Cherry set it to block everything, including light.  He showed the old man how to turn it on and reset it to allow them to pass through it.  Pushing it back toward the workshop, Cherry stopped to activate a robot to push it.
As they approached the shop, Cherry asked, "Do we know how many people are on the ship?  Are there any in town looking for you?"
"I don't have a clue.  That's a chance we'll have to take."  He poked his head in the workshop, "How much longer?"
Lemmy said, "An hour or so.  I'm getting close.  This won't pass a detailed scan, but if you pressure them enough, they might not do one."
"I think I can do that.  I've dealt with stubborn aliens all my adult life."
Before anyone could say anything else, the driver's comm beeped.  The voice on the other end said, "We're going to be there in an hour.  The captain didn't like your idea.  He sent the Exec to take over getting into that gold and silver.  You're supposed to get these shills out on the street and get us some customers."
Josh looked at Cherry then said, "Captain, it looks like you'll be on your own.  I need Cherry to help me get the shuttle and subdue those people.  Can you handle it or do we wait?"
Cherry said, "Lemmy could help."
"Oh, no I can't, Twinkles.  Don't be volunteering me for heroics."
Cherry grimaced disgustedly, "That's right.  You don't step into any kind of danger if you can help it."
"That's right and don't you forget it."
Cherry cocked his head like he heard something.  He said, "Thanks, Demmy.  We'll accept your help and leave her here safe and sound."
Lemmy's eyes widened in surprise, "Oh, no, you don't.  If Demmy is going, then so am I.  What do I need to do, Captain?"
He looked at Cherry, then at Lemmy.  Doubt clouded his eyes, "I don't know, Lemmy.  I need someone who could shoot a thug if need be."
"I can do that.  Let me finish this bomb.  Josh, you and Twinkles go get ready."


Chapter 21


Forty-five minutes later, a robot pushed a grav-sled with an opaque shield out of the lower airlock of Belle.  It headed to the gate leading out of the spaceport.  A few minutes later, a vehicle drove out and passed the robot.  Once through the gate, the vehicle turned left and disappeared from sight.
Just out of sight of the gate, the vehicle slowed and a man stepped out.  The vehicle continued on down the road.  The man, wearing an overcoat, sunglasses and a hat pulled low over his eyes, walked back to the robot pushing the grav-sled.  He turned it around and walked back toward the spaceport with the robot walking in front of him.
They calmly strode through the spaceport gate and headed toward Belle.  Fifty feet from her airlock, the man directed the robot to change course.  They walked directly to the other spaceship.  Ten feet from its airlock, the man softly said something.  The opaque shield expanded until it covered the entire spaceship.
Lemmy leaped off the sled and stood with her back against the spaceship.  In her hand she held a small blaster.  The man, the Captain, shouted, "I hear you've been looking for me.  Come on out and let's talk about it."
He waited impatiently, tapping his foot.  Three minutes later, the airlock opened a crack.  The muzzle of a blaster rifle poked out.  The Captain pulled his left hand out of his coat pocket.  Holding it in the air, he said, "I wouldn't if I were you.  See this?  It's called a dead man switch."
The muzzle slowly slid back inside.  The Captain continued, "This switch isn't the real threat though.  It's that big box on the grav-sled.  I assume you know what a cobalt bomb is.  This switch is the trigger device."
The airlock slammed shut.  The Captain laughed.  He roared, "I know I'm a dead man.  Do you realize yet that you are as well?"
A voice came over the intercom, "You don't have the resources to have a cobalt bomb.  The planetary authorities would have confiscated it long ago.  Besides, we've activated our shield."
The Captain gave a loud mirthless laugh.  He stared at a sensor by the door, "How far will your shield expand?  Have you noticed that I'm still able to have a conversation with you?  I'm inside your shield.  That means that the spaceport is doubly protected – but you and your ship will be vaporized into atoms in thirty seconds if that airlock isn't opened."
He turned his wrist and stared at his comm.  Twenty-five seconds later, the airlock swung wide open.  Two large armed guards stood there with blaster rifles pointed at him.  The Captain said, "Put them on the deck and back away.  If my thumb slips off this, you end up as a flash of light."
The one to the left looked nervously at his partner.  His eyes shifted back to the object in the Captain's hand.  The barrel of the weapon wavered.  Slowly it sank down toward the deck.  The Captain nodded slightly.
When nothing happened, he nodded again with more movement.  Lemmy whirled around the edge of the door and blasted the man with the rifle still pointed at the Captain.  When the other one started to lift his weapon, she blasted him as well.
The Captain looked at the senor, "Your men don't listen.  I repeat myself.  I know I'm a dead man, do you know you are also?"
He walked into the airlock with Lemmy close behind.  She sealed up the outer doors as the Captain strode through the inner door.  As he moved across the empty bay, a head peeked out of a passageway.  It yelled, "What if the ship's hull cuts off the signal to that thing?  It could set off the bomb."
The Captain chuckled, "You're right, but I don't care.  I'm headed to your conference room.  I expect everyone on this ship to be there by the time I arrive.  Now get going."
Lemmy had to trot to keep up with him.  When they arrived at the conference room, seven aliens waited for them.  Rifle muzzles bristled from behind their bodies.  The Captain stepped in through the door, but Lemmy continued on down the passageway.
The Captain asked, "Who is the captain of this ship?"
Silence greeted his question.  He pulled a blaster out of his pocket and shot a female in the right leg.  The limb flew off and she collapsed with a scream.  Weapons came to bear on him but he held up the device in his hand.  His weapon targeted another of the seven.
An older woman shouted, "Stop.  I'm the captain.  Please, let us attend to her."
"No, right now you need to give me all the passwords and codes to this ship.  Speak loudly and clearly so my comm will pick it up."
"You've got to be kidding me.  You're crazier than your folder suggests if you think I'll give you spit."
"Oh, but you will.  Every one of you will before this is over."
The wounded alien moaned.  The eyes of the others looked at her.  The Captain aimed his blaster at the youngest one he could find.  The ship captain followed the muzzle of the blaster.  She said, "You can kill us all and it won't do you any good."
"I don't intend to kill any of you.  I'll just maim a few until all of you decide to cooperate."
"You wouldn't dare —"
Her statement was cut short by the blast from his weapon.  The young man shrieked as his left foot disappeared in a flash of light.  Terror shone from all the eyes looking at him.  Several reached for a weapon then stopped.
The Captain said, "Now, let's start this cooperation.  Everyone stack your weapons and comm units there on the end of the table."
One of the larger crew snarled, "I'll die first —"
His words stopped as the Captain shot his right arm.  The blast tore through it and hit the wall behind with a loud clang.  The man's arm hung by a small piece of flesh.  He screamed and dropped to the floor writhing in pain.
The ship captain said, "Please, no more.  We'll do as you say.  When we finish, may we take care of our wounded?"
"No, they wanted to capture me.  They're learning of the risks now.  Besides, a blaster seals off the blood so you don't have to worry about them bleeding to death.  You, take the weapons and comm units from the wounded and put them on the table."  The Captain pointed at one of the crewmen.
"You're crazy.  No one in their right mind shoots helpless individuals."
"Your crew shot at me last night with no warning.  Captain, you should realize that I'm Hanami.  Have you told your crew what I did to warrant the welcome you had planned?"
"No."
"Tell them."
"He shoved an asteroid at a planet.  It wiped out over a quarter of the population."
The Captain stared at each one.  He said, "Do you think I'll hesitate to mutilate the lot of you if you don't follow my orders?"
The crew moved faster to comply.  When he told them to move to the other end of the table, they quickly obeyed.  When he asked for codes and passwords, they still hesitated.
Lemmy walked in with a 3D projector.  Closing the door behind her, she set it up near the weapons without a word.  At the Captain's nod, she touched a button.  Images danced across the tabletop.
The Captain said, "Nice family, captain.  Fine looking grandchildren.  Your entire crew has lots of mothers, fathers, brothers and sisters.  They seem to have children as well."
The crew looked at the images with horror written in their eyes.  They gasped when he said, "Too bad all of them are on their way to a pleasure palace like the one in orbit.  I gave orders for them to be used in the worst ways possible.  When they are beyond use, their brains will be used in our spaceships' computers."
Rage mixed with disgust crossed the crew's faces.  The ship captain said, "You can't —"
"You forget that I'm a Hanami who bombed my own people.  You don't think I won't?  Give me those codes – now."
The ship captain went first.  She took several seconds to give them.  The others gave theirs but they talked much faster.  When he had all of them recorded, he said, "Now we'll find out if you're telling the truth.  Lemmy, try the captain's passwords.  Seal this room and drain the air out of the rest of the ship.  I think there is at least one assassin waiting in the dark somewhere."
Lemmy said, "Captain, they've cooperated with you.  Don't you think you could spare their families?  No one should be stuck in those pleasure palaces."
"Lemmy, you are much too soft on assassins, but maybe if these codes are good.  If any of them aren't…"
Lemmy started to enter the ship captain's codes.  The captain shouted, "Wait.  Those aren't right.  This is the right one."
She rattled off a new sequence.  When she finished, the ship's computer responded.  Lemmy took control and sealed the conference room.  People's ears popped as the air pressure outside dropped.  The ship captain's face, along with two others, sagged in sorrow.
The Captain said, "As I thought, you had someone hidden.  I don't think they were in a spacesuit though."
Twenty minutes later, Lemmy brought air back into the spaceship.  She and the Captain escorted their prisoners to the ship captain's quarters.  After locking them in, Lemmy found the medical bay and took medical supplies back for the wounded crew.
The two searched the spaceship for the hidden assassin.  They found two of them.  The Captain found a grav-sled and shield generator.  Loading the bodies on it, he pushed it to the airlock to load the other two.
After he set the shield, he pushed the sled outside next to the other one.  When he stepped back into the airlock, Lemmy stood silently looking at him with large round brown eyes.  The Captain glanced at her, then looked again.
He said, "What's bothering you, Lemmy?"
"Aren't you going to call?  They cooperated."
"Call?  Oh, you mean the families.  I must have bluffed better than I thought if you believed me.  I haven't made any arrangements to have their families captured.  I don't have a clue where those families are."
Lemmy's ears perked up a little and she breathed a sigh of relief.  "Your aura said you were really going to do it."
"I would have if I had to – to get this ship.  I'm not a superman though."
"What now?"
The Captain pushed his hat back a little.  He rubbed his face with his hand, "Now we wait for Josh and Cherry."

Josh turned right after a half mile.  It took twenty minutes to make a loop and come back to the spaceport.  As they drove to the rear of Belle, they could see the opaque shield over the other spaceship.
Parking the vehicle outside, they hurried inside to put the finishing touches on their trap.  Cherry said, "I've got a bad feeling about this, Josh.  We have no idea how many people they'll bring."
"I thought androids didn't have feelings."
"You know what I mean."
Josh shrugged, "We don't have a choice.  If the Exec officer is coming and we can nab him or her, that opens a lot more info about that ship in orbit.  I want it."
"How are you going to take it over?  Those thugs we interrogated said there could be between five and eight hundred of their ilk in there.  How can two people fight those odds?"
"I don't know.  Like I told Lemmy, one thing at a time.  First we need to capture that shuttle and the people on it.  Then there won't be nearly as many thugs on the sewer up there."
Cherry rolled his eyes in disgust.  The sound of the shuttle landing stopped their conversation.  Both pulled blasters and checked them.  Putting them away, they checked the stingerrays lying beside them.
The driver's comm crackled, "Quim, where are you at?  We need to get these shills unloaded and on the street."
Cherry answered, mimicking the thug's voice, "We're in this old tub.  You won't believe what it's carrying.  Leave the shills for a minute and come look."
"The captain wants those shills out on the street looking for marks.  If we don't get a shuttle load tonight, we're outta here."
"OK, we'll be right there.  Send two guys over to guard these suckers.  They're out for now, but I don't want to leave them unattended."
"I'll send them right over.  Get those wheels over here."
Cherry looked at Josh.  "Now what do we do?"
"We move that vehicle over there and play it by ear.  See if you can park it so the lights shine on the airlock.  Maybe that will blind them long enough for us to get inside."
When they pulled up behind the shuttle, the shills came out first.  Josh snarled, "Some of them can't be more then thirteen or fourteen.  Everyone on that shuttle is dead.  Get me to that one in orbit —"
"Josh, stop.  Take a breath.  They'll kill every one of them in front of you if you don't get yourself under control."
Josh trembled and his face turned ashen.  He took several deep breaths as the shills walked out.  They could see that they were all young males and females.  A dozen walked toward the vehicle.  Cherry said, "Get the rear door open.  They'll have to pack in here like kipple in a can."
Reaching behind, Josh opened the door.  He didn't get out, but sat ready to leap out if he had a chance to get into the shuttle.  His hand held his blaster.  The shills didn't even look to see who sat in the front seat.  They dutifully piled into the back of the vehicle.
The voice of the Exec came over the comm, "That's it.  Get them dispersed on the street.  Then get ready to ferry the marks back here."
"What about the ones we have on the other spaceship?"
"I'll take care of them."
Cherry mimicked the driver, "Right.  You'll get into that gold and silver and somehow our name will be forgotten for finding it.  I don't think so."
Josh turned a worried eye to his friend.  He tried to signal him to stop but Cherry didn't pay any attention.  The Exec asked, "Have I ever shorted you?"
"As a matter of fact, yes.  I'm not leaving here until you guarantee my name is on a share of that loot."
"I'm going to come out there and —"
"Come ahead."
"I'll fly this shuttle out of here and tell the captain that you've mutinied.  You'll be stranded here."
"I've got a spaceship now."
The Exec gave an evil laugh, "None of you deadbeats are a pilot.  You'll sit here until the Zlata arrive.  Then we'll see about mutineers."
The last shill squeezed in the back seat.  Josh said, "Shut the door."
One reached out to pull the door shut.  Just then, the shuttle's engines came to life.  Cherry slammed the vehicle in reverse and shot behind Belle.  The shuttle rose into the air and disappeared.
A blaster cannon bolt struck the tarmac near the front of the vehicle.  Cherry scooted closer to Belle and called her to set the shields.  As they flickered to life, two more cannon bolts hit her.  Cherry yelled, "Belle, damage report."
The shills started to whimper and move.  Josh yelled, "Sit still and shut up."
Soft snuffling became the only sound he could hear.  His jaw clenched at the thought of how these shills had been conditioned and he started to shove his blaster out the window.  Taking a deep breath again, he calmed down.  Anger burned in his eyes when he turned to Cherry.
"What in the world did you think you were doing?  We need to get that Exec and the shuttle.  Now look, they're gone."
"We'll get them when they come back."
A small voice from the back said, "You don't want to be here when the Zlata come back.  They'll capture this entire town and wipe out what they don't want.  I know – they did it on my home planet."
Cherry said, "Maybe this planet has a little more defense than yours.  Besides, they most likely have more people."
"The Zlata don't care.  If you resist, they'll bomb you from orbit until you surrender or all are dead."
Josh said, "We need to make sure that ship in orbit doesn't try that.  Come on, let's get this vehicle inside.  Hopefully, the Captain will call to let us know how they're doing over there."
Josh's comm beeped.  When he answered, the Captain said, "What's going on out there?  I'm sure I heard the shuttle take off and I thought I heard cannon blasts hitting the tarmac."
"Your ears didn't deceive you.  The shuttle shot at us but missed.  Oh, oh, I've got to go.  We have company coming."
Cherry saw the military vehicles coming down the road at the same time.  He used his comm to start the airlock opening.  Before it completely opened, he drove it in and started the door closing.  Josh said, "They look a little upset.  Naca – I mean Belle, make sure our shield is full strength."
"It has been since the first blaster cannon bolt."
"Thank you.  Now, what to do with these guys?  Everybody out."
The shills unfolded out of the back seat and stared in wonder at the inside of the cargo bay.  Josh moved them a few feet away from the vehicle.  He and Cherry soon had it secured down.
Cherry looked at him, "Do we go after them?"
"We can't.  We have to think about this group.  What if they get a lucky hit like before?  We have to get these shills off first."
The Captain called again, "You have some angry troops out there.  What do we do?"
Josh walked away from the youngsters before he said, "Cherry will talk to them for now.  The Exec said something about a group called the Zlata coming to take care of the thugs we liberated the vehicle from.  One of the kids said they were a bad group to cross.  Said they would bomb the planet if we were still here.  Sounds like they'd take anyone left alive.  Would the Bugs take that many prisoners?"
"Yep and more.  They never turn anyone loose once they're on a mother ship, yet they always seem to need more people.  I suspect they work them to death."
Josh said, "For now, we need to make sure that ship in orbit doesn't start shooting down here to the planet.  We don't want to put the people here in any more jeopardy than they already are."
The Captain chuckled, "I can make them run.  They won't be expecting me to get off the ground so quickly.  If I get a chance, I'm going to burn that shuttle."
Josh yelled as he heard the ship next to them firing up engines, "See if you can take the shuttle.  I'd still like to talk to that Exec.  He could give us a lot more answers."
"I'll make sure it doesn't reach the main ship.  You might have to help me gather it up later.  For now, I'll get the big one moving out of this system."
Josh saw two of the shills edging away.  He said, "Hold it right there."
The group froze.  He looked at Cherry and saw him still talking.  Josh pointed at one of the smaller ones.  "You, start walking that way.  The rest of you follow."
Josh walked them down the passageway until he came to the elevator.  Squeezing them in, he went to the next level.  When the doors opened, he pointed down the passageway.  At the first door, he told the youngster to open it.
With his finger, Josh pointed at four of the shills.  He said, "You four in there.  Next four over there and the rest, across the passageway.  I'm sorry about locking you in like this, but we have to deal with the other crisis first."
He started to say more, but instead shut the doors and had Belle lock them.  Hurrying back to the cargo bay, he found Cherry.  Cherry said, "Those idiots want us off the planet right now.  They're scared to death.  Seems like the specter of a Zlata invasion has already spread."
Josh asked, "Are you still in touch with them?"
"Yeah, why?"
"Put me on."  Josh's eyes snapped with anger.
Cherry said, "Josh, you aren't going to do something stupid, are you?"
"Put me on."  Cherry did.  Josh's voice quavered with rage, "Mister, I have no idea who you are, but I want you to know that we were the ones wronged.  They fired at us."
"Doesn't make any difference.  We want you out of here."
"Or else what?"
"We'll make sure you don't leave that spaceship.  You'll run out of food and water sometime.  If you're still here when the Zlata arrive, we'll turn you over to them."
Josh yelled, "I'll turn this planet over to them if you don't bring me the officials that give permission for that monstrosity to park in orbit.  They have to be getting kickbacks.  They know that ship is manned with kids.  Kids being used for sexual pleasures and worse.  I want those officials who permitted this."
"Who are you to pass judgment on us?  We're a sovereign planet and can do as we wish."
Josh screamed in fury, "Then you'd better wish for a way to recover from about a dozen asteroids hitting this planet."


Chapter 22


Cherry cut the comm and tackled Josh as he headed for the airlock with drawn blaster.  He calmly held Josh as he kicked, fumed and struggled to get free.  When Josh quieted a bit, Cherry said, "Give me the blaster.  Now, are you under control enough to get up?"
"Let me up, you piece of junk.  You should have let me blast that whole bunch out there."
"They aren't the ones who caused this.  Focus your anger on the right ones.  Get the officials who permit these slimes to operate, not those out there following orders."
Relaxing, Josh said, "You're right.  Let me up.  We need to get moving.  The Captain might need help."
Josh hurried to the cockpit with Cherry right behind.  The comm chimed as they worked through the pre-flight checklist.  Josh asked, "Who is it?"
Belle answered, "It's the troops outside."
Josh said, "Tell them to go away.  We're going to fly out of here, but I'll be back.  They'd better have the officials who permitted these kids to be used like – like I don't know what.  They won't like me if they don't have all of the very top officials."
As they lifted off the planet, Cherry called the Captain to let him know they were airborne.  The Captain replied, "The shuttle is taking off for the asteroids on the other side of the sun.  I'm going to make a couple of passes at that spaceship."
Cherry said, "Be careful.  I'm sure they have more teeth than what's showing."
"I know they do.  I just want them to skedaddle out of this solar system."
After Cherry hung up, Josh jumped to hyperspace.  They came out near the asteroid field Belle had come from.  Ahead they saw the shuttle streaking for the safety of that field.  Cherry said, "If they get in there, it'll be a problem getting them out.  Besides, they might find our asteroid."
Josh increased their speed, but he saw they still wouldn't make it to the shuttle in time.  Two days later, five energy sources on his sensors made him grin.  He said, "Cherry, I think we have some help.  Fire a blast at the shuttle."
"We're too far away to really hit them."
"Just do it."
Cherry fired but the blaster bolt flew wide.  He muttered, "We need to fine tune this some more.  When I shoot at something like that tin can, I want to hit it."
"Don't worry about it now.  Get ready to do it again.  I'm getting closer so you should be able to splash them a little.  Fire it now."
Cherry squeezed the trigger and the bolt hit the side of the shuttle's shield.  The shuttle veered to the left.  Josh said, "One more time, then we'll have them."
Cherry fired again.  The shuttle jumped to the right and slowed.  The five big energy sources Josh had seen surrounded the shuttle.  A terrified voice came over the emergency channel.  It screamed, "We're being attacked by some sort of monster.  It's sucking all the energy out of our ship.  Our position is…"
The broadcast faded out.  As they came into visual contact, Josh scanned for any other signals coming from the ship, but the Nagini were consuming any energy being released.  A day later, the shield flickered and died.
As Josh and Cherry watched, the pilot maneuvered the spaceship with the thrusters.  A blaster cannon bolt flew from the shuttle to hit a big Nagini in the side.  The animal didn't even flinch.
Soon the glimmer from the engines and thrusters faded to nothing.  The sensors showed no more energy in the weapons.  Cherry asked, "How do we get those snakes off that ship so we can grab the Exec?"
"I don't know.  I'll try to get closer to see if Belle's shield will drive them off.  Get a tractor beam ready to grab the shuttle if the Nagini move."
Josh moved a little closer.  After a violent head shake, the snakes released the shuttle.  They swam through the vacuum directly at Belle.  Josh and Cherry tensed and gripped their controls tighter.  Josh's knuckles turned white and Cherry's inner lights burned a bright red.
The monsters came closer and closer.  Josh set the shield to be ready to drain the energy out of them, but didn't flip the switch to do it.  The Nagini rushed the bow of the shield but didn't attack it.  They swirled around Belle's shield.  Josh and Cherry stared in amazement at their antics.
Cherry said, "If I didn't know better, I'd say they were glad to see you.  The one you killed must have transmitted something about how good you tasted."
"They look like a cat or dog without legs welcoming their master home.  Ooof, one of them just moved Belle off course.  They aren't sucking any energy from us, but they sure are all over the shield."
"This is crazy.  No one will ever believe us."
Josh said, "Hmmm, here's our way to stop the pleasure ship – if we can find a way to get these things to it."
"Right.  Just train them to attack things we want them to and then back off.  Meanwhile, don't eat us.  Why don't you look that up on the Ether?  I'm sure it's a common topic.  How much energy do you think they left in that shuttle?"
"Not much from the looks of my sensors.  We need to get a little fuel in it.  At least enough to run the life support stuff."
Cherry looked at him like he was crazy, "Are you going out there with them?  I'm not.  A couple of those things are big enough to swallow Belle."
"Use the tractor beam when I get a little closer.  We can set the shield to let the shuttle pass.  Then I can go out and shoot a little fuel in."
"Now would be a super time to ask that bunch a few questions.  How many of them would be brave enough to face a Nagini?  Haul one of them to an airlock and let them see the snakes up close.  His screams would convince the others to tell us anything."
Josh said, "That might be a problem.  They might tell us anything to stay out of one of those monsters.  We need a way to ensure they only tell us the truth."
"We need the little fur ball.  She may not be much on personality, but she can sense truth and lies."
Josh stared at him a second, "How do we get them here?  We can take the shuttle and jump to them, but we need the Nagini to keep those inside scared spit-less."
"You wanted to train them, now's your chance."
Josh chuckled, "Yeah, but do the Captain and Lemmy want to be test dummies?  What if we can't stop the snakes from attacking them?"
"Then I guess we'll be rescuing them."
The two looked at each other for a long time.  Finally, Josh said, "We've got to get moving.  The Nagini are starting to play with their food."
Looking outside, they saw the five snakes spread out around the shuttle.  One would fly in and nudge it.  The ship would shoot away to another Nagini.  The snake would bump the shuttle, sending it zipping across empty space.
Cherry said, "That has to be rough on those inside.  Let's let our monsters play while we contact the Captain.  He may not come out here for love nor money."
"We won't know until we try."
Cherry called the Captain.  The old alien was reluctant but seemed downright eager compared to Lemmy.  Josh and Cherry talked for over an hour before the Captain gave in.  Josh gave him coordinates to jump to and told him which direction to be moving so he could match his movement.
The Nagini stopped batting the shuttle around as they talked.  They swam over to Belle and nuzzled up to her shield.  Josh and Cherry nervously watched the huge animals.  Josh jockeyed the spaceship around and got ready to move forward.  The Nagini stayed entwined around the ship.
A day later, the Captain appeared.  The largest Nagini, which was longer than Belle, slowly moved toward his ship.  Josh said, "Cherry, what do we do?  It doesn't look like that thing is threatening the Captain, but…"
"Hang on.  I'm going to grab it with a tractor beam.  If it does anything, suck a little energy out of it with the shield."
"What if the shield isn't touching it?"
"Expand the shield.  Organic brains.  Must short circuit under a little pressure."
Josh didn't turn his head as he said, "Read my lips, metal junk."  He gave Cherry the raspberry.
When Cherry grabbed the snake with the tractor beam, Belle jerked forward.  The snake picked up a little speed but didn't seem frightened.  Cherry said, "Try braking.  Give a few retro blasts."
Josh hit the retro engines.  The Nagini didn't slow down.  Josh poured more power to the engines.  The other four animals moved in tighter around Belle.  They swirled around her faster and faster.
At the next burst of power, the huge Nagini almost stopped.  The comm beeped and the Captain appeared.  He said, "What are you doing?  That thing looks like its towing you around."
Josh answered, "It is.  We're trying to stop it.  Just don't shoot at it or make a quick jump."
The Captain said, "If I wasn't seeing it with my own eyes, no one, and I mean not a soul, could ever convince me something like this could happen.  You guys have to be crazy to think you could ever train something like this."
Lemmy spoke up, "They're not as crazy as someone who would deliberately jump into the same area where the Nagini are."
"True.  I've been called that and worse for a long time.  Josh, what are your plans now?"
"We need to see what these things are going to do.  Your ship needs to be able to move around without them attacking.  Then we need to get the life support going in the shuttle."
Cherry said, "We've got to interrogate the bunch in the shuttle.  We need Lemmy to tell us when they're telling the truth."
Lemmy scowled at him, "So you need me now.  Why do you think you can believe a thing they say?"
Cherry answered, "Because you are going to tell us.  Besides, we may shove one out of an airlock for the Nagini to play with.  We suspect the others will want to tell us secrets after that."
The Captain said, "You two would have made good Hanami operatives.  No qualms about getting answers."
Josh said, "It's the only way we have a chance of capturing that pleasure ship.  I don't intend to leave those kids to those hooligans."
Lemmy said, "Speaking of kids, how are the ones the shuttle foisted off on you?"
Josh said, "I don't know.  I locked them into some quarters. I have a robot taking them some food, but Cherry and I have been a little busy here —"
His voice stopped as the Nagini that Cherry had the tractor beam attached to reached the Captain's ship.  The Captain yelled, "That thing has its mouth open.  It's going to take a bite out of us."
Josh shot forward and expanded the shield at the same time until it covered a portion of the animal's tail.  He flipped it to absorb any energy it encountered.  He said, "Cherry, you might want to release the tractor —"
That was as far as he got before the Nagini shot away from both spaceships.  Cherry didn't quite have the tractor beam disengaged.  Belle leaped to the side away from the Captain's ship.  The four Nagini who had been swirling around Belle streaked to their huge leader.
Cherry said, "Uh oh, they look a little upset.  Get us close to the Captain."
Josh didn't have time to maneuver by the main engine so he used the starboard side thrusters.  He had to feather the ones on the port side to keep from crashing into the Captain.  Cherry said, "Here they come."
Josh said, "Hit them with a burst of comm waves."
"What?  What frequency?  How big of a blast?"
"Just do it before they get here."
Josh worked feverishly to move next to the other ship.  He expanded the shield and left it set for absorbing energy.  The five Nagini hit the shield with their mouths wide open.  Everyone on both ships could feel the vibration of the sound as they surged backwards.
Looking at the view screens, Josh asked, "Do you think they'll come to welcome us the next time?"
Cherry said, "I don't know.  What they do now is the big question."
Slithering slowly in a complicated dance all around the two spaceships, the huge snakes kept moving.  Inch by inch they tightened the circle.  The people in the spaceships stared at their view screens in morbid fascination.
The Captain asked, "Are they going to attack again?"
Josh said, "Your guess is as good as ours.  Until a couple of months ago we'd never even heard of these things.  When we popped into view here, they came to greet us like a dog or cat that hadn't seen its master for days."
The Captain muttered, "You guys sure keep some strange pets."
Cherry retorted, "We didn't pick them.  They picked us."
The snakes continued to weave around each other as they circled the two spaceships.  Josh changed the setting of the shield to repel instead of absorbing energy.  Suddenly, the animals were rubbing against the shield.  They made sounds that vibrated through the ships when they touched the shield.
Josh said, "Sounds like their version of a purr.  Biggest, scariest cats I've ever seen or hope to see."
Lemmy asked, "What are you going to do now, Josh?"
"We need to get to that shuttle.  Captain, let's try an experiment.  I'm going to shrink my shield.  Make sure yours is up.  I'll give you a little distance."
Lemmy's voice quavered as she said, "Do you think that's a good idea?  They could swallow this ship whole."
"I'll be right here to move back closer and give you cover with our shield."
As the two ships separated, the Nagini moved back a short distance.  When the shields changed, they slowly approached.  Cherry nudged Josh and pointed at the view screen showing the scene inside the other ship.  Lemmy sat in the co-pilot's seat with her head pulled down inside her spacesuit.  Her eyes and the top of her head were all that could be seen.
Josh said, "Don't laugh.  I'd like to join her."
The more the ships parted, the closer the Nagini came.  They made a complex pattern of circling each other, then swimming a figure eight design around the two ships.  The Captain reported that he could hear the same noise as before when the two ships were together.
The Captain could be heard muttering, "This is unbelievable.  I'm sitting here with great drops of green sweat oozing down my face watching the most unique ballet I've ever imagined – done by monsters out of my worst nightmares."
Josh asked, "Captain, have you ever seen or heard of these things before?"
"Only in tales told by spacers after they'd had a few brews in the local tavern.  I always assumed they were the figment of someone's imagination fueled by liquor."
Cherry asked, "Does your ship's database say anything about them?"
The Captain worked with the computer for a few minutes, while trying to keep one eye on the view screens, then said, "It has a few short articles.  It confirms they are real, but no one knows where they come from.  Are they natural animals?  Are they manufactured?  What were they used for if they were manufactured?"
Cherry said, "Sounds like lots of questions with no answers.  How about if I put out an authoritative article stating that they were genetically bred by the Alcantarans as guard dogs for certain areas of space?"
"Seems that has already been done.  It was written about three hundred years ago."
"Do they quote any sources?"
"I'll send the whole thing to you.  Doesn't your database have something like this?"
"It's corrupted.  We can't get into all of it.  When we search for anything, its hit and miss.  An updated database is on our list to purchase – as soon as we have money and a place to get it."
Josh said, "Along with updated star maps."
The Captain said, "We better get started then.  What do you want me to do?"
Josh said, "Why don't you jump to the other side of the solar system and then back here.  I want to see what the Nagini will do.  Don't be gone very long.  The air in the shuttle should be getting a little stale.  We'll standby to do like we did before if it's needed."
When the Captain started to move out, the Nagini moved closer to Belle and looked like they were snuggling with her.  When he jumped to hyperspace, Josh and Cherry settled in to wait for him to get back.
Cherry dug into the data the Captain had sent.  As he studied it, he tried to get more information from Naca's database.  His mutters about a piece of junk made Josh smile.  After a few minutes, Josh became bored and asked Belle if she could go invisible.
Belle said, "The database says I can.  I'll have to research how it's done."
Josh asked, "Cherry, what do we do if we can't get back to our own time?"
"I don't know.  I haven't thought about it."
"You'll need service in a couple of years and we risk upsetting the timeline the longer we stay here."
"I know, but do you have a solution?"
"No."
"Then we just carry on like we always have – except we try not to make too many changes in this time – like killing a lot of people.  We can't give up hope yet.  We live in a big universe.  Who knows what we'll find out there."
After a few more minutes of silence broken only by Cherry's mutters, Belle announced, "A diagnostic search of the shield nodes shows that I have fifteen substandard nodes.  They will affect the invisible effect."
"What's that mean?  Half the ship will be invisible and the other half showing?"
"No, I can make everything invisible, but from certain angles, radar and other wavelengths will penetrate the shield.  They might not 'see' me, but they will know that something is there."
"Do you know what angle they can see?"
"Yes, look at this image.  It will show you."
Josh saw a 3D image of Belle floating in front of the view screen.  A series of red lines indicated the angles that would expose parts of the ship.  Josh asked, "If I turn the ship, will that block those angles?"
"Yes, the biggest problem is if there is more than one ship in the area or you need to fly out of the area."
"Hmm, I see what you mean.  It's impossible to make any speed if you're trying to move sideways or backwards.  Still, something can be better than nothing as long as we know the limitations."
Josh glanced at his comm clock to see that it would be at least half a day before the Captain came back.  He said, "Launch a remote detector.  Move it away about ten miles, then go invisible.  I want to see what we look like."
The Nagini gave the first indication that something had changed.  Their movement became more agitated.  They bumped the invisible shield much harder and tried to squeeze closer to it.  Josh and Cherry fastened their seat belts to stay in their seats.
Cherry yelled, "What did you do to stir them up?"
"Look at the view screen."
"I see the Nagini but where's Belle?  Do we have a malfunction with the detector?"
Josh grinned, "Keep watching."  He used the thrusters to maneuver Belle.  When he reached the proper angle, a small slice of the ship became visible.  The flash of light off of it made him grab his head.
Cherry said, "We're invisible."
Josh forced out an answer, "Mostly.  We have a couple of weak spots."  He groaned from the pounding in his head.
Cherry said, "What's the matter, Josh?"
"Something just triggered a migraine and my vision is narrowing down to about the size of a pencil."
The Captain's ship came out of hyperspace.  The agitated Nagini swarmed toward him.  Cherry yelled, "They're after the Captain again."
Josh whispered, "Hit them with the same comm signal you did before, then get out there to the Captain.  You'll have to do it because my vision is making me sick if I try to focus."
Cherry quickly sent the signal, then blasted Belle toward Lemmy and the Captain.


Chapter 23


As he flew, Cherry sent the comm signal again.  The Nagini continued their rapid movement toward the Captain's ship.  The comm beeped.  When Cherry answered it, the Captain screamed, "Your monsters are attacking.  Josh, Cherry, where are you at?  We need help – NOW!"
Cherry said, "We're right here – behind you.  I don't think the Nagini are attacking, I think they're just here to welcome you."
"Shield us just the same.  I don't want to find out you're wrong."
The snakes arrived at the Captain's ship before Cherry did.  Their massive bodies dwarfed the smaller ship.  Cherry muttered, "It looks like all of them are trying to wrap themselves around his ship while doing their dance routine.  These things are just plain crazy.  I don't know if I can ever get used to them."
Josh whispered, "I can't, but right now we need them.  What else can we do?"
"Good, you're still alive.  I wasn't sure, but I didn't have time to check on you."
The Captain interrupted them, "Cherry, where are you at?  These things are trying to rub all their itchy spots off.  We're bouncing around in here like a BB in a barrel."
"I'm coming up right behind you, Captain.  Talk to them, maybe that will soothe them."
"Right!  How do you talk to your worst nightmares?  Scream at the top of your lungs?"
Cherry chuckled, "Just tell them to play nice and you might give them a shot of energy."
Josh whispered, "We're still invisible.  Make us visible once you get behind the Captain.  Maybe the Nagini will come over to us."
Cherry maneuvered Belle behind the Captain's ship.  Flipping the shield to visible, he almost flipped it back at the Nagini's reaction.  They swarmed Belle just like they had with the Captain's ship.  After a few seconds, they settled down again.
Cherry said, "We need to get to that shuttle.  The air must be really stale and I'll bet the panic is at an all-time high."
The Captain said, "I wouldn't bet on that.  I'm sure you'd win that one.  Lead the way.  I hope those monsters stay with you.  They make me nervous around this ship."
Lemmy agreed, "Keep them close to Twinkles.  I don't like them."
The Nagini swam back and forth between the two spaceships as they flew to the disabled shuttle.  When they stopped a short distance from it, the Captain asked, "Now what do we do?"
Josh spoke in a low voice, "Pull them into the asteroids.  Put a shield generator up and put all three spaceships in it.  Then it'll be easier to transfer fuel and people."
Cherry said, "Josh, lean back and relax.  You get over that headache and I'll take care of the shuttle."
Josh didn't argue.  Talking required too much strain to even contemplate helping with the fueling and interrogation.
Cherry sidled up to the shuttle and attached a tractor beam.  He told the Captain to follow him inside the asteroid field.  Weaving slowly and carefully into the rocks, Cherry found a large piece to set down on.
Hours later, the three ships were sitting on the surface.  He set Belle's shield to cover all three.  He looked at Josh and said, "You stay here.  I'll get a shield generator and set it up."
"At the rate we're using those things, we need to get a dozen more."
"I agree that they have been really handy.  I just don't know where you can order Alcantaran shield generators though."
Cherry soon had the shield generator set up.  Floating over to the shuttle, he tried to find a way in.  Opening a small panel next to the airlock, he patched into the shuttle's computer.  He quickly scanned the life support readings and looked at the power remaining.  There was only enough power to have a few essential lights on.  The life support systems were shut down.
Returning to Belle, he retrieved a power cell.  Plugging it in, he only fed enough power in to turn on more lights and the interior sensors.  The sensors showed that the air inside would still support life.  Cherry muttered into his comm, "Something strange here.  The oxygen levels are higher than they should be.  How many crewmen did we guess were in here?"
Lemmy said, "At least ten."
"They haven't used nearly enough oxygen then.  The CO2 levels are too low as well."
The Captain asked, "Why's that?  Do they have some non-oxygen breathers in there?  Could the crew be in spacesuits?"
"Just a minute and I'll do some visual scans.  Uh, oh, I see three of them lying in the airlock.  They're dead but not from lack of oxygen.  They have blaster burns on their bodies."
The Captain said, "We didn't shoot them.  Did you?"
"Yes, but not at individuals.  Belle hit their shuttle twice but not hard enough to do any damage.  Certainly not something like this.  We were too far away."
"What's going on?"
"I'm looking.  There's two more lying in the passageway.  Wow, blaster burns on the walls in there."
Cherry quickly scanned the rest of the shuttle.  He found three more bodies.  In the cockpit, he found the Exec sitting in a spacesuit holding a blaster.  Cherry heard the man talking on his comm unit, "Come out, you coward.  You know you'll give them all your secrets.  Let me seal them in your head."
Another voice said, "NO.  I'm staying right here.  I want to be alive when the Zlata get here."
"Those other people will have you before then.  Let me kill you so you won't disgrace us by giving away secrets."
"You protect me."
Cherry hacked into the computer to make certain that no external sensors would work.  He reset the password so he was the only one able to change anything in it.  When he started the air circulators and oxygen scrubbers, the unseen voice said, "What's that, Exec?  Have the Zlata come?"
"I don't know.  We can't take a chance.  Open up.  Let me kill you."
Cherry eased inside the airlock, stepping over the dead bodies.  As soon as it cycled through, he stepped inside the shuttle.  The Captain asked a question, but Cherry turned his comm off.  Creeping forward, he tried to take advantage of any shadows in the passageway.
Evidence of a one-sided fire fight shone along the corridor.  Black blaster burns all coming from the cockpit were etched in the walls and floor.  Cherry held his weapon at the ready as he crept forward.  Just aft of the cockpit, he saw a door that had numerous blaster burns on it.  A low murmur coming from it confirmed where the unseen voice hid.
As Cherry stepped in the door, the Exec said, "Ahh, the Hanami arrive at last —"
Cherry shot him then whirled to make sure the other door didn't open.  The Exec slumped to the deck.  Walking back to the burned door, Cherry pounded on it.  "Open up in there or I'm going to let our little pets out there finish what they started."
Silence greeted his words.  He waited thirty seconds then said, "It's your death.  I understand that the Nagini suck the energy out of everything.  They'll do the ship first, then any powered equipment around here.  Then they'll get to you.  I hear that it usually takes hours for them to suck all of your energy out – downright painful, too."
The door stayed shut.  Cherry silently called the computer to turn off all life support systems.  A minute later, the door opened a crack.  The edge of a comm peeked out.  Knowing that it would be videoing him, Cherry backed away from the door.  He said, "Have fun with the snakes.  I hear you scream until you don't have a voice and then try to scream some more."
The door whipped open and a small alien stood in its opening.  Cherry's blaster covered it but found no danger.  The creature shivered from head to toe and big tears streamed down its face.
It said, "Where's the Exec?"
"I shot him.  He's in the cockpit if you want to go cuddle up to his body."
The being trembled, then sagged to its knees.  It said, "Are you going to kill me, too?"
"Not if you tell me what I want to know.  If you try to hold out on me, I'll push you out the airlock to my pets."
Cherry grabbed his arm and led him to the cockpit.  As they stepped in, two of the Nagini could be seen crawling over the shield outside.  One of them opened its mouth showing the rows of razor sharp teeth.  The little alien passed out.
A noise from the rear of the shuttle made Cherry leap to the side of the cockpit door.  He readied himself for a fight.  Then the voices made him lower his weapon.  Seconds later, Lemmy, the Captain and Josh came into the cockpit.
Josh said, "Looks like you started without us.  Why'd you kill all of them back there?  We could have —"
"For your information, I didn't kill them.  The Exec did.  This little guy here just fainted when he saw your pets out there."
Lemmy asked, "What about the Exec?  Who's that in the spacesuit?"
"That's the Exec.  I shot him.  How did you get your spacesuit?"
"Josh brought it to me.  Way to go, Twinkles.  You shot someone who might have helped us out."
Cherry opened his mouth to say something, then just closed it.  He reached down to the little alien and jerked him upright.  A rough shake made him moan.  Lemmy frowned at him and laid her ears back.
Cherry said, "Wake up.  We have some questions.  If you don't give me the answers, you'll get a much closer look at them."
Josh and the Captain took their helmets off.  Josh sniffed and said, "The air in here seems stale.  Doesn't their life support work?"
Cherry replied, "I turned it off.  Here, hold Shaky.  I'll get it working again."
Lemmy said, "Twinkles, you're cruel.  I think —"
Cherry snarled, "What's that got to do with the price of rice on Vega IV?  Get out of my way little fur ball before you join that pile of quivers checking out the inside of a Nagini."
Josh said, "Will you two stop it?  We need to interrogate him – it – her; whatever.  Bring him where we don't have to look at dead bodies."
Cherry opened his mouth to speak, but Josh held up his hand and walked out.  Down the passageway he found a room with a table and some chairs.  Motioning for the others, he stepped inside.
As he forced the quivering alien to sit, Cherry stood behind him.  Josh and the Captain fired questions at him.  As he answered them, the two would look to Lemmy to see if he answered truthfully.  Fifteen minutes later, they had all the answers he could provide – none of which were really helpful.
Lemmy quipped, "Well, that was a waste of time.  Why'd you kill the Exec?  He would have known more than that idiot."
Cherry didn't say a word.  He walked to the cockpit and grabbed the Exec by the collar and dragged him into the room.  Everyone looked at him with a question in their eyes.  Still not saying a word, he started taking the spacesuit off of the man.
Once he had him free of the spacesuit, he lifted him and plopped him in a seat.  Using some ties he had brought with him, he secured the man's feet and arms to the chair.  Cherry pulled a small device out of his pouch, then turned the alien's hand palm up.
Pushing the device in his palm, he touched a button.  The man arched up out of the seat as far as the bindings would allow.  A scream broke from his lips.  Josh said, "You could have told us you shot him with stingerray.  What's with all the mystery?"
"I tried, but I was already convicted of murder before I could even open my mouth."
"I'm sorry I didn't give you a chance."
Lemmy said, "Me, too."
Cherry didn't say any more, but turned back to the Exec.  Another jolt of electricity elicited the same reaction.  When the charge stopped, the man groaned and glared at Cherry.  He tried to lift his hand but the restraints held him tight.
Cherry said, "Won't do you any good.  That was a pretty good act trying to shift the questioning to shake over there."
"I don't know what you're talking about.  Why did you shoot my spaceship then let those monsters attack us?"
"You're the one who flew right into their mouths.  What were you running from?"
The Exec snarled, "I don't have to talk to you guys.  You'd better release me before the Zlata get here.  They'll make you wish you hadn't been born."
Cherry chuckled, "They'll be much too late for you.  You'll be wishing that in just a few seconds."
He slapped the device back in the Exec's hand and hit the button.  The man's body arched in agony.  Josh asked, "Why are you using his palm?  Why not the ears, nose or some other part?"
Cherry said, "That's his most sensitive place."
For the next four hours, Cherry, Josh and the Captain asked questions.  At first the Exec fought their torture but soon just answered rather than go through the pain.  He tried lying but Lemmy told them each time he did.  Cherry inflicted severe pain with each lie.
A picture of cruelty, deceit, greed and corruption slowly built as the man answered their questions.  They saw an organization dedicated to evil and making money any way it could.  Cherry and Josh had seen it many times, as had the Captain, but Lemmy seemed surprised at the depth of depravity.
She asked, "How can they do this to so many innocent people?"
Cherry said, "Because they can.  The only way to stop them is to kill them."
Josh and the Captain agreed.  Lemmy asked, "Can't they be stopped by throwing them on a prison planet?"
Josh nudged the Exec, "What happens if someone is named to testify against your organization?"
The man looked at him, started to speak then stopped.  He said, "Their friends and significant mentors all disappear.  If that doesn't help them change their minds, grandparents, uncles and aunts start to disappear or have accidents.  The longer they take to change their story, the more people in their family cease to be."
Lemmy gasped, "Demmy, did you hear that?"  Her head cocked as she listened to something only she could hear.
She replied, "Right, I agree they should wipe them out.  Demmy, I don't think you should go with those three.  They're too crazy.  I know I'm not.  It's much too dangerous."
The Captain chuckled while Cherry rolled his eyes at Josh.  The Exec just looked around at each of the people in the room.  The look in his eyes said they were all crazy enough to be committed.  Josh said, "We need to check some of these answers with the shills.  Besides, I haven't checked on them for two days."
Lemmy asked, "What are we going to do with the two in here?"
Josh said, "Leave that bird tied to the chair.  I'll take care of the other.  I don't want them to talk.  We'll have some more questions later."
When they all entered Belle, they removed their spacesuits.  Lemmy said, "I'm hungry."
Cherry snorted, "You're always hungry.  I think you must be kin to those snakes out there.  You just need protein and carbohydrates instead of energy."
Josh rolled his eyes at the Captain.  The Captain asked, "Do they ever stop?"
Josh said, "Not since they came together.  I'm not sure why they don't kill each other."
Lemmy sniffed and headed to the galley.  She said, "Twinkles is just rude and crude.  I'm much too refined to kill him."
Cherry muttered, "It wouldn't take much.  I could easily wring her neck."
Josh said, "Captain, go with her.  Cherry and I will check on the shills."
When the Captain was out of earshot, Cherry asked, "Josh, what are we going to do with the shills?  I don't feel right hauling them around with us.  I don't trust them for one thing and…"
"You don't want to put them in danger if we have to defend ourselves."
"Right.  Besides, what will it cost to feed that bunch?  If they come close to what that little fur ball eats, we'll have to empty a cargo bay to have enough food for two weeks."
Josh answered, "I have no idea.  I haven't thought that far ahead.  Maybe we can leave them with the Captain."
"Do you think he can afford to have a dozen hungry mouths to feed?  What if the jerks on that pleasure palace come to look for them?  Will that put the others the Captain takes care of in danger?"
"I don't know.  For now, let's check on these guys and then see about finding out where that pleasure palace went."
They checked the shills in the three rooms and heard complaints about the blandness of the processed food from two of them.  Before the third room could complain, Belle's alarms went off.  Josh and Cherry ran to the situation room to see why.
Belle projected the image from the remote detector closest to the Captain's planet.  A warship and two escorts had come out of hyperspace and were now streaking toward the planet.  Cherry said, "This doesn't look good.  We might be able to take on those two smaller ships but no way the bigger one.  Who do you think they are?"
The Captain said, "Is there any doubt they are the Zlata?  The bigger question is what they will do.  No one on that planet knows where we are."
Lemmy asked, "What are you going to do?"
Josh said, "Nothing for now.  We have to wait to see what they will do."
The Captain said, "I've got to get to my ship.  I'll —"
Cherry said, "You'll what?  That ship over there doesn't have enough firepower to touch any of the three, let alone all of them together.  It would be suicide to even show yourself."
"I can't sit here and do nothing."
Josh said, "We won't be doing nothing.  We need to finish our interrogation.  Then we can make some plans."
The Captain said, "Why don't you just use your trained pets out there to take them on?  They could even the odds in a hurry."
Josh said, "I would, but we need to get them there in a hurry.  I don't know how to make them jump through hyperspace or even if they can.  It would take days to travel by normal speed and those ships would be waiting for us.  I'm afraid it would be a pigeon shoot for them."
"I suppose you're right.  Come on, let's go get some more answers.  We've got to do something.  I have people down there depending on me."
Josh said, "Captain, you and Lemmy go talk to our shills about procedures and what the Zlata have done in the past.  I need to talk to Cherry a minute."
Josh remained silent until the other two disappeared down the passageway.  He turned to Cherry, "Do you think we could get the Nagini to stick to Belle?  Would it be safe to have them inside the shield?"
Cherry looked him in the eye, "You know you're crazy for even thinking about doing that.  We don't know enough about those animals to know what they'll do."  A sigh escaped his lips.  "Oh, well, as one crazy man to another, what do you have in mind?"
Josh explained what his plan was.  Cherry kept shaking his head in disbelief.  Finally, Josh said, "Go see if the portable shield can be set to invisible.  If we can leave the shuttle and the Captain's ship hidden here, we could leave him, Lemmy and the shills."
Cherry said, "You're joking, right?  The Captain isn't going to stay here.  Lemmy, maybe."
"Do you have a better plan?"
"No.  I'll go check the other shield.  We'll have to move some food.  No telling how long our little experiment will take."
"I'll go help the Captain and Lemmy interrogate the shills.  Cherry, I ah – umm I think we should keep a lot of this under our hat.  You know, the invisibility, the asteroid and some of the things about this ship.  We haven't known him for long and I like him, but…"
"But.  I agree.  One other thing I want to do if we have time is do a data dump from the shuttle.  There may be something in there that might be useful – once I have time to look at it."
The two hurried down the passageway to complete their tasks before they launched Josh's plan.


Chapter 24


Josh, the Captain and Lemmy quickly interrogated the shills in the three rooms.  They were not much help simply because they didn't have access to the information that could be helpful.  Still, they confirmed two or three things Josh needed to know.
After they finished, Josh helped Cherry instruct four robots to start moving supplies to the Captain's ship.  When the Captain asked why, Josh told him they were going to leave him, Lemmy and the shills on it.
The Captain exploded, "I won't stay here.  I promised my people I would protect them.  I can't do it from here.  Besides, you two can't run a spaceship and fight a battle by yourself.  I'm going and the only way you can stop me is to disable that ship and use a stingerray on me."
Cherry gave Josh a look that said I told you so.  Josh blew out his breath in exasperation.  He said, "OK, you can come along.  Lemmy, are you alright staying here with the two prisoners over there and the shills?"
The Captain said, "Why don't you set another shield over the shuttle and just leave that scum in there?  We could do a quick check to see how much food they have.  Then she doesn't have to worry about them.  You could handle the shills, couldn't you?"
"I can handle the shills but I don't like the other two."
Cherry said, "I'll disable the engines and comm units.  If we grab the spacesuits, that should keep them there."
Josh said, "Go get the spacesuits and put them on the Captain's ship.  Then fix the engines.  I'll get another shield generator out.  We'll need it to make a tunnel over to the Captain's ship.  The shills don't have any spacesuits."
Before he ran out, Josh stopped long enough to see what the three ships were doing.  He saw the two smaller ones fly to the opposite side of the planet.  The larger one took up a geosynchronous orbit over the spaceport.  A few minutes later, the other two took up their orbit.  Josh guessed from their location that they were over two of the larger cities.
He rushed to the cargo bay to manhandle a shield generator over to the airlock.  Two of the robots moving food supplies trudged around him like he was a statue.  They shoved the supplies in and cycled the airlock for the two outside.  Josh quickly climbed into his spacesuit.
As soon as the airlock became empty, he cycled the air and entered it.  Tapping his foot, he impatiently waited for it to cycle again.  When the outer door opened, he pulled the generator outside.  Spotting Cherry working on the shuttle's engines, he called on the comm, "Cherry, we need to move it.  Those ships are setting right over two of the biggest cities and the spaceport.  I don't think they are just sitting there for the view."
"I'm moving as fast as I can.  Are the robots about finished?"
"I don't know.  I'll get the shield set up and get them into high gear."
Once Josh had a seal between the two ships, he opened both airlocks.  The robots started moving supplies much faster.  Stopping for a moment, he checked on the three spaceships again.  He saw them hovering over the same location on the planet.
He muttered, "What are they doing there?  I'd sure like to hear communications between those ships."
Cherry asked, "What did you say?"
Josh's eyes widened as he realized he had been muttering over an open comm channel.  "I just looked at the remote sensor by Orlowa.  Those three spaceships are just hanging there.  I'd like to know what they're up to."
"No good, that's for sure.  I'm almost finished here."
"I'll go get the shills moving toward the Captain's ship."
As he walked down the passageway, he spotted the Captain talking on his comm.  His arms waved in the air and his face twisted in anger.  As Josh watched, he cut off the comm and stomped toward him.
The Captain almost shouted, "We have to get back to Orlowa.  I just got a call from one of my widows.  She said the government just announced they are looking for me.  Said I had four hours to turn myself in or those ships are going to start blasting the planet."
"Then let's get those shills and Lemmy in the other ship.  Cherry's about finished with his part."
The two rushed back to the rooms to hustle the shills into the other spaceship.  The shills cowered and pushed against moving toward the airlock.  The Captain finally grabbed two by the arm and drug them into the other spaceship.  The others followed.
Josh strode behind the others to hurry them.  He called to the Captain on the comm, "Make sure no one can activate your ship and take off."
Cherry stepped up as the last shill entered the Captain's spaceship.  He said, "The shuttle won't go anywhere until I bring these back."  He held up two pieces in each hand.
Josh nodded and said, "Time to start taking this shield down and get the robots secured.  Those goons are going to blast the planet in a little less than four hours.  We've got to get moving."
The Captain rushed out of the spaceship and locked the airlock.  When he stepped aboard Belle, Cherry pulled the shield generator.  Josh had the last of the robots secured when he walked in.  They both walked rapidly to the cockpit to take off.
They joined the Captain who had already found a seat in the cockpit.  He was strapping in as they sat down.  Cherry said, "Josh, give me a second to check the other detector.  We need to make sure those thugs down there don't have friends at the backdoor.  We've already been through that."
Josh strapped in and started the pre-flight checklist.  Cherry said, "The one out here shows all clear.  OH NO!  One of those smaller ships just fired a laser cannon at the planet."
The Captain yelled, "Come on.  Let's get to Orlowa."
Josh said, "Easy.  If we go blasting in there, we'll all be dead.  Let's see if my plan will work."
Josh lifted out of the shield and eased away from the asteroid.  He glanced back to see nothing but rock.  The shield was working.  The Captain didn't notice.  His attention was focused on the 3D image of the ships hanging over Orlowa.
A few seconds after they cleared the asteroid, the Nagini swarmed around Belle.  Josh worked his way to clear space.  Cherry reported, "They're staying with us.  Now, can we get a shield around them?"
When Josh hit the switch to turn on the shield, the Nagini bolted away.  Once the shield stabilized, they returned to swirl around the spaceship.  After turning off the shield, they swam closer.
Waiting longer, he tried again.  The snakes fled.  The Captain let out an exasperated breath, "We need to go.  It'll take at least three hours to get there."
Josh said, "What do we do when we get there?  If we don't have those things, we can't stop three warships from blasting the planet."
Cherry said, "Try keeping the shield tight to the ship.  Maybe they'll stay with us."
He spoke to the computer to rearrange the shield.  The animals swarmed back to the ship.  When they established a pattern, Cherry said, "Now, let's ease ahead to see if they'll stay with us."
The Nagini stayed with them until Josh reached jump speed and then they moved back to the asteroid field.  Josh spun Belle and went back.  He tried for another thirty minutes with no success.
The Captain muttered and mumbled the entire time.  At last Cherry said, "We aren't going to get them to stay with us.  We've got to do something different."
Josh asked, "What do you suggest?  We can't hit three different places at the same time.  If we fire on one, the other two will blast the planet before they come after us."
Cherry said, "Or come after us and then blast the planet.  They'll want to make this place an example to not cross them."
The Captain said, "Go back and get the other ship.  I'll fly it at the big one there —"
Josh said, "And do what?  Crash into them?  They wouldn't let you get within fifty thousand miles.  They'd blast you to little pieces."
"We've got to do something."
"What?"
"I don't know.  Pick up some rocks and throw at them.  Call for – I don't know who."
Cherry said, "That might work.  Let me see…"
Josh asked, "What might work?"
Cherry waved at him to be quiet.  The Captain asked, "What are you looking at?"
Cherry snapped, "Be quiet.  I need time to think and calculate.  It'll be close…"
Tense minutes ticked by as Cherry worked.  The Captain opened his mouth to speak several times, but Josh glared at him to be quiet.  As the minutes ticked by like hours, Josh and the Captain fidgeted in their chairs.  Josh looked out to see the Nagini doing their intricate dance around Belle.  He pointed it out to the Captain, hoping to ease some of his strain.
At last Cherry said, "We can do it.  Josh, we need to pick up twelve rocks."
"How big?  How are we going to carry them?"
"There, that should be about the right size.  Although size won't matter too much.  We'll put velocity behind them which will do the damage."
The Captain asked, "What are you going to do?"
Cherry said, "We'll grab these rocks then jump to hyperspace.  We'll come out here on the pole of the planet.  Those ships are in orbit just north of the equator where ships would normally enter the atmosphere to land."
Staring at Josh, he carefully continued, "We'll sneak as close as we can, then shove the rocks at all three ships.  I'll send two to each of the smaller ships —"
The Captain said, "Then why do we need twelve?"
"Let me finish.  The others will be spread out a little.  One rock won't hurt that big ship's shield much.  I'm sure they'll move a little too.  I just don't know which direction.  One of the remaining seven will get another chance."
The Captain cried, "You can't do that.  The ones that miss will crash into the planet."
"No, by coming in over the pole, the ones that miss will go off into space."
"Yeah, I see that now."
Cherry said, "Josh, once all the rocks are gone, we need to target that small ship there.  If the rocks destroy it, go after the other.  We need both of those ships out of the way.  Then we can go after the big one."
"Set the detectors to watch our backs."
"Already done.  I don't want to go through our previous experience again."
While the Captain watched Cherry, Josh switched the shield to invisible.  Cherry gathered twelve rocks about four feet in diameter.  He pulled them under the shield next to the hull.  An hour later, they jumped to hyperspace.
Cherry said, "Be ready, Josh.  We'll come out fairly close.  Let Belle fly the coordinates I've already set.  Just be ready to grab control and switch if one of those ships does something unexpected."
The Captain said, "You know you're crazy to jump this close to a planet.  What about the gravity?  What about junk they've sent into space?  Those ships could have —"
Cherry snarled, "Could have, should have.  There's no going back and this is all we could think of.  That planet is depending on us.  Do you know how to work these weapons?"
"Yes."
"Then you get ready to fire on the ones I'll target.  Don't ask questions once we start.  Just shoot until they can't shoot back at us."
The Captain gave him a strange look but didn't say anything.  He looked at all the controls and moved his hands over them but didn't touch them.  Josh said, "Everyone better buckle in.  Pull them tight.  This could get rough."
Josh wiped the palms of his hands on his pant legs.  He glanced over at Cherry out of the corner of his eyes.  The android sat there like a statue but Josh could see the lights under his skin burning a bright red with flashes of yellow.  He hadn't seen the lights under his friend's skin before, but somehow, he knew the android was as nervous as he was.
The Captain spoke with a quaver in his voice, "How close will we be to the time deadline?"
Cherry said, "Close.  We'll only get one chance to disrupt them."
A noisy sigh escaped from the Captain.  He rubbed his hands across his chest.  Cherry began the countdown as they neared the point to come back to normal space.  When he said zero, the stars, the sun and the planet popped into view on their screens.  Cherry's hands flew across the computer controls as he launched rock after rock.
In less than thirty seconds, twelve rocks blasted at the three spaceships.  Belle banked toward the smaller one to the right.  Cherry said, "Wait, wait, I'm marking the target now.  We need to get into range.  Wait, wait."
The Captain didn't look up at the main view screens to see how far away they were.  He kept his eyes locked on the small screen in front of him.  His hands hovered over the controls.  When Cherry yelled fire, he grabbed them and opened up.
He only made two shots before the rocks impacted the ship and sent it into a fiery dive into the atmosphere.  It left a burning streak across the sky below them.  Josh yelled, "They're going to crash.  I'm taking control to go after the other one."
The lurch from the change in direction shoved the three deep into their seats.  The Captain reached up to pull his belts a little tighter.  Ten seconds later, Cherry yelled, "Fire at that one."
On his screen, the Captain saw one rock hit the smaller spaceship.  The shield flared a blazing white.  He pulled the trigger to send laser cannon fire its way.  As the first bolt tore into the ship, it lurched toward deep space.  Cherry yelled, "Keep firing.  Don't let it get away."
The Captain followed the ship and continued to fire.  The ship started to fire wildly in their direction.  Suddenly, Cherry yelled, "Cease fire.  The Nagini are there."
Josh and the Captain stared at the front view screen.  The five huge snakes were boring in on the stricken vessel.  Blasters shot at them with no effect.  The biggest one reached the ship first.  Firing stopped when its mouth grabbed it.
The Nagini shook its head back and forth like a dog shaking a rag.  After a few seconds, it stopped and the others swarmed the ship.  Soon all lights faded.  Cherry said, "We need to go see about the big one.  They should be getting pounded by the rocks about now."
Josh flashed across the planet as fast as he could.  As soon as the big ship came into sight, two big flashes of light hit the top of the shield.  The cannons near the top of the Zlata ship flared.  Explosions flashed in space as the vessel shot the incoming rocks.  Cherry yelled for the Captain to open fire.  His first shot missed because the big ship shot deeper into space.  Correcting his aim, he fired again.  This shot hit but did no damage to the shield.
Cherry said, "Uh, oh, I don't think this is going to be good.  Captain, fire at the bridge.  We need to disable that ship before they take us apart."
As Josh maneuvered Belle to keep the crosshairs on the other warship, the Captain fired as rapidly as he could.  A spot began to grow on the other ship's shield.  It opened fire in their general direction.  Plasma blasts and laser bolts flew all around Belle.
Cherry yelled, "Try our blaster cannons.  The lasers aren't doing much."
A plasma blast from the other ship hit the rear of Belle's shield, jolting the entire ship.  A laser bolt quickly followed, causing another violent lurch.  An alarm rang in Belle.  The Captain screamed, "What's that?"
Josh shouted, "We just lost the rear portion of our shield.  I'm turning…"
The bolts and blasts hit all around.  Several hit the nose of the shield driving Belle off at an angle.  Josh fought the steering to keep her nose pointed at the big ship.  Using the thrusters, he brought the crosshairs back on the ship.
Cherry selected a different firing sequence and shouted, "Hit them, Captain.  Their shield is weaker."
When he started firing, the other ship moved their aim much closer to Belle.  Two hits in quick succession jolted Belle again.  The Captain bellowed, "I don't have any power to the weapons.  My screen is blank."
Cherry said, "That's not all.  I've got indications the patches are leaking.  I'm going back to see if I can stop them."
Josh shouted, "Wait.  Every time one of those blasts or bolts hit us, it knocks us around.  You'll be bouncing around back there like a BB in a barrel."
Cherry bawled, "I've got to go back to the computer room to get things started again.  Keep moving so they can't guess where we're at.  I'll magnetize my feet to stay on the deck."
Josh tried to move Belle in different directions to stay out of the random shots that were being fired, but a few continued to hit the shield.  One shot ricocheted off the side of the shield as he hit the thrusters.  The combined energy shot them a half mile from the target zone.
A few minutes later, the Captain said, "I've got one of the cannons back.  Should I use it?"
Josh said, "No, give Cherry a chance to get them all back on line and to check for leaks.  I don't want to have to fly in our spacesuits.  They only have limited air.  We don't know how long this battle will last."
"If it lasts too long, we won't make it.  Look at the damage this old girl has already taken.  I don't understand why those goons haven't got us zeroed in.  They look like they are just shooting wild."
"Maybe the rocks or one of your shots took out their targeting system."
The Captain raised his right eyebrow, then said, "Maybe…"
Fifteen minutes later, the Captain said, "All the weapons are back on line."
Cherry called over the comm, "I can't stop the leaks from inside so I'm moving a shield generator near them to seal off that part of the ship.  I'll be back in the cockpit in a couple of minutes."
Josh used the time to maneuver farther away from the other ship's fire.  When Cherry settled in the co-pilot's seat, he gave him a minute to buckle his seat belts again.  As he finished, Josh hit the thrusters again, moving them above the other ship.
Concentrating on the other ship, Josh said, "When you're ready, open fire."
As soon as the Captain opened fire, the other ship shifted its fire zone.  Belle started taking hits.  Cherry yelled, "We can't take much more of this.  It'll burn out what little shield we have left.  Captain, hit something."
The comm chimed and Cherry slapped the receive.  Lemmy's face appeared.  She whispered, "Twinkles, where's Josh.  I need to talk to him."
Cherry snarled, "What did you say?  Speak up.  What do you want?"
She said in a little louder voice, "I want to talk to Josh."
"We're a little busy here.  That battleship is pounding the snot out of us.  Go eat something."
"Twinkles, shut up and listen for a minute.  Two Zlata ships just came into the asteroid field.  They shoved five or six big rocks out into space and now they are moving the one we're on."
Cherry quickly set a view screen to the remote detector in the asteroid field.  He saw the two ships shoving rocks out into space.  As soon as they had one moving, they went back to another and gave it a push.  The rock Lemmy and the shills were on received their attention.
Cherry yelled, "Josh, the thugs are shoving rocks.  Wait a minute, I'll get some trajectories."
He furiously worked the computer.  He groaned, "OH, NO."
Josh and the Captain broke their concentration to look at him.  Cherry continued, "Those jerks are sending rocks at Orlowa – including the one Lemmy's on.  They'll hit the atmosphere in four hours."


Chapter 25


Josh shouted, "Four hours.  That means we have time.  Let's finish this stupid bird."
Cherry said, "We don't have that much time.  They are all aimed at dead center.  We need at least two hours to change their course.  If they even brush the atmosphere, they'll be sucked down to the planet.  As fast as they are moving…"
He left the rest unsaid.  The three looked at each other, then the Captain asked, "Can we blast them to pieces?"
Cherry said, "If we made the pieces small enough.  Trouble is, you shoot one in two you now have two pieces to make smaller.  If we blast one into a hundred…"
"I get the picture.  If we shoot them, we need to do it now, not two hours from now."
Josh said, "We need to finish this battle fast.  Lemmy and the others can't get off that rock.  Both of those ships' drives are locked to them."
The Captain said, "We should back off and go rescue Lemmy first, then come back to get this ship."
Josh said, "You forget, there are two more ships out there.  We'd be between them and a sitting duck.  Look at the pounding we're taking from this big guy."
Lemmy came back on the comm.  Her voice much louder, "They're pushing us much faster.  Do you think they know we're on here?"
Cherry said, "I don't see how.  If they knew you were there, they would have landed and picked you up.  I'm sure they want to ask that Exec what he told us."
A shot from the battleship rocked Belle.  Another followed close behind, causing the view screens to go dark.  Josh screamed, "Now what?  Can anything else go wrong?"
Cherry slapped at the buckles on his seatbelt.  When they fell away, he leaped to his feet and rushed out of the cockpit.  Josh flipped switches and tried different things with the computer.  Not a light could be seen.
The Captain shouted, "Is there anything —"
He stopped as Josh waved a hand at him while he concentrated on the dash in front of him.  Cherry's voice came over his personal comm, "Josh, I need some help back here.  That last shot broke some things loose in the power distribution."
Josh asked, "Can you use the repair bots?  I'm working on something here."
The Captain said, "I'll go.  I may not know what's going on, but I'm an extra set of hands and eyes."
As he stood to leave, Belle bounced from the shots hitting her shield.  The Captain almost lost his balance but managed to stay on his feet.  The artificial gravity fell to zero so he pushed himself off the seat and swam down the passageway.
The pounding on the shield grew worse, so Josh moved the throttles to the main engines.  He felt the movement and backed off.  The pounding stopped.  He yelled at the comm, "Cherry, I need some sensors.  I'm blind and we're moving.  I have no idea which direction.  We could be on a collision course with that battleship."
A snarl came back, "I'm working on it.  I'm only one android."
"Then get the Captain working on firing up a bunch of the repair robots.  If we don't get something quick, we could all be dead."
Josh didn't catch what he muttered but knew it wouldn't be complementary.  Out of frustration, he flipped the switches on the comm to the frequencies Cherry had used on the Nagini.  Without a view screen or other sensors, he had no way of knowing if the snakes were responding.
An hour and a half went by.  Josh called Cherry to tell him he was coming back but Cherry told him to stay put and be ready to fly.  Josh noticed he didn't hear or feel any shots hitting the shield.  Every minute or so, he tried the different sensors to no avail.
He tried to raise Lemmy on his personal comm but all he got was static.  Josh yelled to the empty cockpit, "Where are those other two ships?  What are they doing?  What is that big one in front of us doing?  I need some eyes."
Suddenly a view screen to the side came to life.  An inky field of darkness broken by points of bright stars was the only thing he could see.  His hand almost pounded the keys as he tried to switch scenes.
At last he brought up the images from the remote detector in the asteroid field.  His eyes widened in shock at what he saw.  Hundreds of the smaller Nagini were swarming around the two spaceships.  Josh fumbled with controls until he had zoomed in enough to see the ships were lifeless.  Not a glimmer of energy showed.
He tried to switch to the remote detector near the planet but nothing worked.  Going back to the other one, he attempted to look at the battle scene around him.  The space between the asteroid field and the planet was just too great.  The sparkle of sunshine coming off the distant planet was the only image he could get.
The artificial gravity came back on, causing Josh to settle heavily back into the pilot's seat.  He squirmed to get comfortable as he continued to try to change the scene on the view screen.  Another view screen flickered, then two more.
Josh worked his eyes between the three screens for several seconds.  They continued to flicker, but no images appeared.  He banged his fist against the console in frustration.  Slowly, a blurry image appeared on the front screen.
Five minutes went by as Josh tried everything he could with the computer to sharpen the picture.  Nothing seemed to work.  The rest of the view screens flickered to life.  Josh's eyes jumped from one to the other.
At last, the front view cleared and came into focus.  Josh saw the five huge Nagini attacking the big battleship.  The spaceship had quit firing in their direction, but instead was concentrating on the monstrous snakes.
Any blast that hit the Nagini did no visible damage, but seemed to enrage them more.  Josh saw that the spaceship had to be at least twice as long as the biggest snake, but that didn't stop them from slamming into it.  Each crash jarred the huge ship.
As he watched, the blast and bolts appeared to be weaker.  Two of the Nagini smashed into the ship and latched onto it.  The shield visibly shrank.  Josh saw the engines fire, then the view screens went blank again.
He yelled, "Cherry, I need those view screens back.  The Nagini are attacking the battleship and it's moving.  I need to be able to maneuver."
"Listen, I'm doing everything I can.  I have the Captain and six robots working on repairs.  This was supposed to be a shakedown cruise, not a full-fledged battle.  There's lots of problems back here."
"I realize that and as soon as we take out that battlewagon, we can go get Lemmy.  She'll have Belle fixed up in no time."
A snarl answered, "Yeah, if we have enough food left to keep up with her.  What about the other two out in the asteroids?  Have you seen anything of them?"
"Yeah, they're out of the fight.  They had a swarm of more than a hundred of those smaller snakes.  I saw they were dead in the water before I lost my view screens."
"Leave me alone for a minute and I'll try to get something back up."
Thirty seconds later, the view screens started coming to life again.  Josh started to jerk the controls to take Belle out of the way but stopped.  The big ship was quartering across her bow.  Jumping to the seat the Captain had sat in, he activated the controls for the weapons.
When he saw an opening without Nagini in the way, he fired.  The blast hit the right engine causing the big ship to roll and yaw to the right.  They nose-dived toward the planet.  As it hit the atmosphere, the snakes backed off.
Josh leaped back to the pilot's seat and buckled in.  He yelled over the comm, "Hang on.  I'm going after them.  Keep my sensors on."
Belle leaped ahead and he switched control of the weapons to the pilot.  He twisted the controls until Belle's crosshairs lined up on the other engine.  The blast tore the engine completely off the spaceship.  Josh saw the pilot fire all the retro rockets, desperately trying to slow the ship down.
Following the ship into the atmosphere, he watched it spiral toward empty land below.  The retro rockets and thrusters appeared to be doing their job.  The warship slowed its entry speed.  A yell from Cherry brought Josh's attention back to Belle.
The alarms and gauges indicated he was entering the atmosphere much too fast.  He slowed drastically to drop the heat.  The front shield appeared to be holding, but the rear of the ship had suffered from the excessive speed.
Moving slower, he went back into orbit.  Watching the images on the view screen, he saw the big spaceship right itself and go into a shallow dive.  The nose dropped then made contact with the ground.
The battleship slid across the empty land leaving a giant furrow behind.  Dust, rocks, plants and debris swirled in the rooster tail that trailed the ship.  When it stopped moving, a great cloud of dust and debris hung above it, blocking any sight of it for several minutes.
When he could see it again, he knew it wouldn't be taking off any time soon.  Most of the ship lay buried in the dirt.  He said, "Belle, I need the track of those rocks coming at the planet.  We need to move them off course."
In a few seconds, Belle put an image on the left screen showing the rocks.  Josh said, "Plot a course through hyperspace to intercept them.  Start with the big one in the lead."
Josh pushed the comm button, "Hang on.  I'm going to jump through hyperspace to head those rocks off."

The Captain, standing next to Cherry, said, "You can't jump this close to the planet.  How can your calculations even come close?"
"Josh is the best pilot I've ever known.  If anyone can do it, he can."
"We'd better hang on.  This could get rough."
As the two wedged themselves in, Josh jumped to hyperspace.  Belle lurched and vibrated as she entered hyperspace.  The movement coming out was even worse.  The gravity dampers had trouble overcoming the surge forward as Josh rapidly slowed them down.

When he came into normal space, Josh looked for the bigger rock that had Lemmy on it.  He didn't see it anywhere.  "Belle, where's the rock with Lemmy?  Show me her track."
An image came on the screen.  When the Nagini attacked, the two ships had pushed the rock off at a tangent.  It now sped off by itself.  When Josh asked for a projected trajectory, he saw it would hit the sun.
Josh called on the comm, "Captain, do you know how to run a tractor beam?"
"Sure.  How would I get to be a captain if I didn't?"
"I don't know.  Maybe family money.  I need your help."
A few minutes later the Captain appeared in the cockpit.  Josh waved him at the co-pilot's seat as he maneuvered closer to a rock.  Finally he asked, "Captain, how long will it take you to get your spaceship fired up?
"Just a few minutes.  Why?"
"The rock it's on is heading out that way.  It'll miss the planet but is heading for the sun.  These rocks have to be moved right now or they'll hit the planet."
"That's a pretty small rock Lemmy and the others are on.  What if you lose it?"
"I don't think we will, but what do we do?  If we go after them, these rocks hit the planet.  If we move these now, then go after Lemmy, we have a chance to rescue both."
The Captain grimaced, "We don't have a choice do we?  What do you need me to do?"
"I think we can save some time if you use the tractor beam to grab two more rocks and put them on this one.  Then while you hold them together, I'll push them into a different trajectory.  We'll have to hurry to get all of these done."
"Let's go.  We don't have much time."
Josh eased up to the first rock.  The Captain quickly snagged it.  When Belle came close to the lead rock, the Captain pushed the asteroid he had captured at it.  His eyes kept flicking at the clock on the view screen and he shoved the captured rock into the other, harder than he'd planned.
The captured rock bounced away when he released it.  They had to jockey around for several minutes until he had it planted on the first.  Beads of sweat dripped from both of them.  The Captain said, "I'll do better next time."
Josh moved Belle back to another one.  The Captain captured it and Josh moved back to the first rock.  As the Captain eased the captured one to it, the view screens blinked and went dark.  Josh groaned, "Not now.  Cherry, we need these screens."
A few seconds later, the screens came back to life.  Josh called to Cherry, "We're trying to clear the asteroids heading to the planet.  Cherry, you've got to keep these screens on.  We don't have a second to spare if we're going to save the planet."
"Josh, I'm doing the best I can.  I'll try to make the screens the priority to keep on."
When the Captain had the third rock settled, Josh told him to keep them together as he gave them a shove.  Josh said, "Belle, show me the trajectory as I move them.  I'd like to miss the planet by at least twenty-five thousand miles just to make sure gravity doesn't do something strange.  We'll only get one shot at this."
The Captain nodded his head that he was ready.  Josh nudged the throttle forward.  Nothing happened.  He moved it more and the projected trajectory wavered on the screen.  More throttle made it move.
When the trajectory showed a twenty-five thousand mile miss, Josh backed away from the rocks.  He hurriedly flew back to the next three.  Things went much smoother.  They both relaxed a little as that set of rocks went into a new trajectory.
They smoothly captured the remaining three rocks and started to shove them into a different path.  As Josh advanced the throttle, the engine stopped and all the controls blacked out.  Cherry yelled over the comm, "I know.  The engine quit.  I'm on it."
Josh muttered, "Any hurry would be greatly appreciated.  We only have a few minutes then we're going to have to burn one whale of a lot of fuel to make these rocks miss."
Twenty tension-filled minutes later, Cherry called, "OK, try it."
The engines fired and moved the rocks.  Josh saw that the trajectory barely moved.  He kept adding more power.  The line crept across the face of the planet.  Glancing at the fuel gauge, he saw it moving lower.
The Captain whispered, "Are we going to make it?  Do you have enough fuel to finish this and go get Lemmy?"
Josh just shrugged and kept his eyes glued to the line moving on the planet.  When the line moved far enough away from the planet, he cut the engines.  Cherry called, "Did you do that or did they stop again?"
"I did it.  Now we need to go find Lemmy."
Josh looked up at the view screen.  The line marking Lemmy's path had disappeared.  He asked Belle about it, but she had no record of it.  Josh called Cherry, "We have a problem up here.  I set Belle to track Lemmy, but when we had that blackout; it dumped any record of it.  I have no idea of where that rock went.  I do remember that it was headed for the sun."
"Just like that little fur ball to get lost.  I want to be there when she gets shoved out of an airlock into the sun or the maw of one of those snakes."  Josh heard more muttering, then Cherry continued, "I'll be right there.  I can't let her get away.  Stupid little fur ball needs my guidance all the time – can't leave her for a minute without her getting into trouble."


Chapter 26


Cherry plugged his finger into the socket for direct access to the computer.  He searched the last known coordinates and direction the Zlata ships had started pushing.  Looking at the area indicated, he drew a blank – no chunk of rock.
The lights under his skin glowed fiercely.  Josh said, "See if any coordinates are left on the remote sensor."
Pulling up the data from it, Cherry found the last known trajectory.  Following it with the sensors, he spotted some rocks headed in that general direction.  He said, "I'm not sure which one they're on but let's head out there.  Those things are headed for an orbit around the sun."
Josh asked, "Around the sun or into it?"
"Just go.  We'll get them before we have to worry about that."
The Captain asked, "Why can't you just call her on the comm?  Didn't she call you before?"
Josh answered, "Yes, she did.  When we were in the middle of the battle.  I haven't heard from her since and I tried to raise her with no luck."
Cherry said, "When you get closer, I'll try again.  With that little fur ball, you never know.  She may have taken her comm apart and can't get it back together again."
Josh flew to the rocks, but didn't see any big enough to be the one they had hidden the spaceships on.  Cherry kept searching for it.  He knew they had another problem.  The shield had been set to invisible and it would make it that much more difficult to find the ships.
A lone rock caught Cherry's attention.  It sped much closer to the sun.  As he concentrated, the view screen flickered.  The Captain said, "I'll go check on it.  You two keep doing what you're doing."
When his footsteps disappeared down the passageway, Cherry said, "You know we have a problem, right?"
"Yeah, the shield.  What do we do?  I really don't want to tell the Captain about its capabilities."
"I know what you mean.  He's been alright to us, but he is a Hanami and…"
Josh rubbed his jaw, "Maybe I can land on the opposite side before we see it."
"That might work, but we'd have to be careful."
"We'll think of something.  The screens are settling down.  He may be on his way back.  For now, just find Lemmy and we'll deal with the other later."
The Captain walked back in a few minutes later.  He said, "I think the wires you're using are too light.  If you draw too much current, they tend to burn.  I started the little bots pulling more wires in tandem."
Cherry said, "Thanks, Captain.  One of these days we'll find the parts we need and get this old gal back in tip-top shape.  Josh, I think that's the rock.  I'm going to try raising Lemmy again."
He flipped on the comm and called for her.  After several tries, the view screen stayed blank, but a voice came on, "She's a little busy right now.  Can I help you?"
Josh's jaw tightened at the voice as Cherry's under-skin lights burned as white pin points.  Cherry's voice grew very quiet as he answered, "I just need her to keep broadcasting so we can find you.  Seems your attack dogs sent your particular rock off on a quick run into the sun."
"Nice try.  They haven't been here yet or you wouldn't be talking to me – you'd be dead."
Cherry and Josh both laughed.  The Exec asked, "Why'd you laugh?  That planet won't be laughing when they don't find me there."
Cherry said, "Your five ships arrived and met our friends.  None of your ships are still alive.  I hope you keep sending them in here.  Then we won't have to feed the pets."
A puzzled Exec asked, "Feed who?"
Lemmy yelled in the background, "The snakes.  They'll be coming for you next.  Me and Demmy will gladly listen to you screaming and begging for mercy."
"Shut up or I'll blast you, you little twerp."
Cherry tensed but didn't say anything.  He pointed out the rock to Josh and made a motion for him to land.  Josh's eyes searched the rock to see if he could find any sign of the shield as he eased Belle to the surface.  The Captain started to speak but Cherry held up his hand to stop him.
The Exec's voice came back, "Your little furry friend brought one of our helpers when she came on board.  If you don't release this shuttle, I'm going to take my time frying both of them."
Cherry said, "Go ahead.  The only thing I ask is to turn on the video so I can see it.  That little fur ball deserves it."
Josh said, "Cherry.  That's not nice."
"It's true.  If she had done her job here, we wouldn't have had as much trouble with those battleships."
The Captain's eyebrows rose.  He started to speak then changed his mind.  His eyes darted back and forth between Cherry, Josh and the view screen.
The Exec said, "I mean it.  I'll use a blaster to burn them both to death."
Josh said, "We can't stop you, but we won't make a move to stop that shuttle from plunging into the sun.  Is it getting warm in there yet?"
A touch of fear echoed in the Exec's angry voice, "I'll show you I mean business.  I'll…"
An image swirled then steadied on the view screen.  Josh saw Lemmy and a shill sat tied to two chairs in the passenger compartment of the shuttle.  The smaller slave trader sat unrestrained in a chair two rows behind them.
The Exec raised his weapon and fired at the shill.  She shrieked as her arm burned off.  Josh and Cherry half rose from their seats.  The Exec screamed, "Let this shuttle go!  I can keep burning limbs off until…"
When he turned to face the camera, all three in Belle's cockpit could see the insanity in his eyes.  Josh hit the mute button before he asked, "Where's the shuttle?"
Cherry answered in a very tight voice, "It's on the other side.  I can be there in three minutes with the grav-cycle."
As he stood he muttered to himself, "You, mister, are a dead man.  It's going to take a long time for you to die."
"Go.  I'll try to keep him talking."
The Captain quietly asked, "Do you think he'll kill Lemmy and the others?"
"Most definitely.  Sit down there.  I may have to maneuver."
Josh flipped the mute off.  The Exec was babbling"…see, I told you.  I'll do it again if you don't release us."
Josh said, "Wait a minute.  You've got to give us time to find your rock and get there.  We're good but not magicians."
"I'll give you an hour.  Then you'd better have some good news.  I can feel the heat in here already.  I'm not going to cook —"
He abruptly stopped talking as he walked around the room waving his weapon in the air.  Josh and the Captain could see wet spots on his back and down his sides.  His hair lay matted to his head.  Muting the sound, Josh said, "Captain, we've got to get there in a hurry.  There's no way in the world that he's feeling any heat from the sun.  We're still too far away."
"I know, but he feels it.  He'll boil over pretty shortly.  Should I go help Cherry?"
"No, he's already out the airlock.  I'm just waiting for word from him to move in next to those idiots."
Josh touched the mute button and adjusted the volume.  The Exec continued to mutter and babble to himself.  The weapon kept undulating about the room.  The smaller slaver stepped up to the wounded shill, trying to help her.
The Exec saw the movement and swung his weapon in their direction.  The smaller alien ignored him as he continued to work on the sobbing girl.  The Exec swung his weapon at Lemmy.  The little one watched him out of the corner of his eye.
Josh could see Lemmy's head turn from one to the other.  Her eyes looked huge.  The Exec yelled, "Where are you?  I want off this rock.  Get this shuttle moving."
His weapon stopped waving and centered on Lemmy.  Her head ducked down in her spacesuit until all of her mouth had been covered.  Josh's finger hovered over the comm button until he saw the little one straighten.
The smaller alien said, "Listen, you big lunk.  Pull that trigger and it's going to get much warmer in here.  If that furry thing dies, so do we.  Haven't you done enough damage already?  Look at this merchandise.  It's no good to anyone now."
The Exec babbled incoherently.  His eyes screwed tightly shut for a few seconds, then snapped open.  All rationality had fled from them.  The weapon dropped down, then came back up.  The barrel pointed at Lemmy's chest.
Before he could pull the trigger, the small one sprang over two rows and landed on the big one with both feet.  In seconds, the Exec lay broken and bleeding on the deck.  Josh and the Captain stared in amazement.
Josh zoomed in to see if the big man was still breathing.  No signs of chest movement could be seen.  Josh hit the mute button before he said, "That one let Cherry capture him.  He's not the nobody we thought.  I wonder how he fooled Lemmy."
The Captain said, "I don't know, but I think we need to have another talk with him."
Josh pushed his comm button, "Cherry, I think the Exec is dead.  The little one did some sort of Kung Fu movement that was unbelievable.  You'd better zap him with a stingerray as soon as you get him in your sights."
"I'm working on getting in the shuttle now.  I'll keep this channel open.  Let me know what he's doing."
"Right now, he's working on the wounded shill.  He has the weapon lying on the chair beside the shill."
"I'm inside.  Keep talking."
"He's done with the wound.  He picked up the weapon.  Wait a minute.  I think he hears or suspects something.  Watch it…"
The little alien crumpled.  Josh and the Captain looked for Cherry but didn't see him.  They did see Lemmy reach down to cut the ties holding her legs.  She shakily stood up and went to check out the downed slavers.  A small weapon pointed at each of them before she came close.
She kicked the big one then walked softly to the other one.  Leaning over carefully, she studied him for several seconds then shot him again.  Cherry burst into the room.  Josh could see their lips moving but didn't hear any sound.  He fumbled for the mute button.
He heard Lemmy say, "It's about time you showed up.  If I'd have waited, that one would have blasted you.  He wouldn't have used a stingerray either.  That's a blaster."
Cherry asked, "How'd they get that?"
"The little one had it hidden.  He let the Exec find it.  There's something strange about him.  I can't read him correctly."
Cherry said, "I'm going to strip him, if you want to check on that shill over there."
"Why are you going to do that?"
"I want to check for tattoos or hidden devices buried beneath his skin.  I also want something to hold him securely."
Cherry looked at the sensor and said, "Josh, bring Belle over.  After you land, bring a tangler.  I don't want this guy to be able to move.  I think he led us down the garden path."
"I think so, too.  I'll be there in a few minutes."
Turning back to the slaver, Cherry stripped him naked.  With that done, he carefully used plastic ties to secure him.  Lemmy looked at him and said, "I don't think I'd leave him on this shuttle.  He'll get loose."
"How?"
"How did he get loose before?  They were both loose when we came in."
"I see your point, but I'm not sure where to put him."
Lemmy smirked, "Drag him out on the rock."
Cherry frowned at her, "We do want to ask him a few more questions.  There's not much air outside."
"I know that, silly.  Use a shield and put some air in it."
"Hmmm, you might have something.  Draw your stingerray and if he even twitches, shoot him again."
When Lemmy had her weapon in her hand, Cherry rushed outside.  By the time Josh landed and cleared the airlock, he saw Cherry outside working with some lines from the Captain's ship.  Josh walked over to ask, "What are you doing?"
"I'm borrowing a shield generator and some air from the Captain.  I thought the atmosphere out here might make our prisoner a little more talkative."
Josh and the Captain looked at him with raised eyebrows.  They both headed into the shuttle while Cherry finished his job.  After Cherry came into the shuttle, he and Josh grabbed the slaver and drug him outside into the shield.  Lemmy brought a blanket and dropped it on the ground.
Cherry and Josh dropped the man on the blanket.  Josh checked his readouts to see that the temperature in the shield sat at thirty degrees Fahrenheit.  The naked man shivered.  Josh asked, "Do we need to warm it up in here?"
Cherry said, "It'll be warm shortly.  Where's the tangler?"
Josh held it out to him and stepped back.  Lemmy did the same.  Motion outside the shield caught Josh's eye.  The Captain had the shill in his arms, carrying her to his ship.  Anger tightened Josh's jaw as he turned back to their captive.
Cherry fired the tangler.  A sticky web splattered on the naked slaver.  As he moved a little, the strands moved closer to him and tightened up.  Cherry said, "Lemmy, maybe you should go help the Captain.  This guy has your truth meter blocked so we're going to have to try something different."
Lemmy hesitated.  Josh said, "Go on, Lemmy.  There's nothing against you.  We just want to try some of our methods."
Lemmy walked away but turned three times to look at them before she reached the spaceship airlock.  After she entered, Josh said, "You know that about anything we do is going to get more lies from him, don't you?"
"Yeah, except one thing."
"What's that?"
"If we leave him here with a sensor, we can ask questions and he'll answer.  We'll ask some that we can verify."
Josh asked, "What if he's reluctant to answer?"
"How long before this rock will be close to the sun?"
"Less than twenty-four hours.  When the Zlata ship pushed it off at a tangent, it gave it more speed.  Why?  What does that have to do with getting questions answered?"
"Look at your suit readouts.  What's the temperature now?"
"Thirty-three degrees."
"What was it fifteen minutes ago?"
"Thirty.  Oh, I see.  The temperature is going to go up in here.  His mind will provide more punishment than we ever could."
"Yeah, I predict the temperature won't get dangerous for at least twelve hours but it should get very uncomfortable in six.  After that, it will be excruciating."
Josh tried to rub his jaw but couldn't reach it because of his helmet.  He asked, "What if he still doesn't talk?"
"What better punishment than roasting alive?  It should be a foretaste of what's to come for him."
"What about oxygen?  How long will it last?"
Cherry smiled grimly, "At least thirty hours, maybe more.  When this rock is heated, it may give off enough to keep him alive for days."
"If the heat doesn't kill him.  You know we can't leave the Captain and the shills on this rock though."
"I didn't plan to.  Have them take off and go back to Orlowa to get treatment for that shill.  Take Lemmy, too.  We'll pull off and sit in space here."
Josh nodded, "That could solve a couple of problems.  We need fuel —"
Cherry held up his hand stopping him.  He said, "Let's get out of here before you say anything more.  He should be out but…"
Josh said, "If we're going to get the Captain and the others out of here, we better get started.  We need to grab the Alcantaran shield generator and then let the Captain know he needs to take off."
"I'll get the shield generator.  You grab a sensor and get it going.  I'll fine tune that generator to make sure it only lets pass what we want in or out."
As the two separated to do their work, the Captain called Josh on the comm.  "Josh, I need to go back to Orlowa.  That shill lost her arm and needs more medical attention than I can give."
"Go ahead.  Take Lemmy if you need to.  As soon as we ask a few questions, we'll be coming to Orlowa."
Lemmy shouted in the background, "I'm not going with him.  I want to see what you've done to Belle."
Josh grinned at the Captain and shrugged his shoulders.  "I guess you get to go by yourself.  Can you handle the shills?"
"Yes, they're scared to death.  They saw their friend without an arm and she hasn't come to yet to answer any of their questions.  I didn't either, so they don't know if I shot her or not."
"Be careful.  We'll bring the shuttle with us.  I'm not sure how long this will take, but we'll meet you at the same tavern when we get through."
In a few minutes Josh saw Lemmy dart from the Captain's spaceship into Belle's airlock.  She didn't even communicate with anyone.  As soon as Cherry had the outer shield down and moved out of the way, the Captain took off.
Cherry took his electrical device into the smaller shield and held it to the slaver's feet.  The alien struggled to get away, making the tangler net wrap around him more.  Cherry hit him again.  When the man moaned and seemed to be coming awake, Cherry fastened the device to the bottom of his feet.  Then he walked out of the shield and into Belle.
After Cherry plopped into the co-pilot's seat, Josh called, "Lemmy, are you secured?  We're about to take off."
"I thought you wanted to question that worm."
"We do.  Just not face to face."
"Just a minute.  OK, I'm ready."
Josh gently lifted Belle off of the rock.  Cherry used the tractor beam to pick up the shuttle.  Josh said, "Belle, project the trajectory for this rock."
When the line came up, Josh said, "Show me how much I need to shove that rock to get it into an orbit that will raise the temperature inside the shield to about a hundred and fifty degrees."
Once he had the data, Josh pushed the rock into that trajectory, then called the Captain.  "Captain, can you send me an image of the healthy shills?  I want them standing, staring at something on the deck.  Make them angry when they do.  I want hatred coming out in every line of their bodies."
A half hour later, the Captain sent the images.  Cherry asked, "What are you going to do with that?"
Josh grinned, "If you're going to mess with someone's mind, go all the way.  That little slime will beg to tell us secrets before we're through."


Chapter 27


Josh had Cherry take some video of the two of them walking and then staring at the deck.  When he finished, Josh projected their 3D images along with the shills on the rock.  The images started behind the man's head so he couldn't see them until they walked in sight.
He growled, "What do they want?"
"Oh, nothing.  They just want to watch you suffer like they did."
"Listen, I saved that worthless ball of fur for you.  Doesn't that count for something?  What do you think you'll get out of me with a bunch of questions?"
Josh said, "We want to know who you truly are.  What's your name?  What do you do in Exurbiu Entertainment?"
"I'm just a simple deck hand on Pomodore.  I have no idea why you kidnapped me."
Cherry calmly pushed and held the button causing the device on the man's feet to flicker with a blue glow.  He howled in pain as he writhed on the blanket.  When Cherry stopped, he continued to flop for several seconds.
Josh said, "We have lots of time and that box has plenty of power.  Your problem is that you don't have that much time.  Have you noticed that the temperature is coming up?  We'll have to leave before it gets too bad, but you on the other hand…"
The slaver screamed, "What about them?  You going to cook them too?"
"No, when we have to leave, we'll let them have a little time alone with you.  The only requirement is that they leave you alive."
"You can't do that.  The cops on every planet —"
Cherry laughed ominously.  He said, "I'm sure if we looked, there's a bounty on you somewhere.  We just don't think you're worth it.  We'd rather see you get a foretaste of where you're going to be and let these poor kids have a little retribution."
"Wait, is it money you want?  I can give you an account number and a password.  There's two hundred and fifty thousand credits in it.  Take it and let me live —"
Cherry said, "Josh, did you ask for money?  I don't need any right now.  I need answers a lot more, don't you?"
"Yes, I do.  Maybe after the answers, we can take the money to turn him in for the bounty.  The authorities might zap him later but we'd at least give him a chance.  I'd bet he has a smart lawyer somewhere."
Cherry snarled, "Give us the account and password.  We'll try it to verify what you tell us, then we'll see about giving you to the proper authorities."
The slaver said, "You'll have to let me loose.  I'll have to call.  They use some visual ID plus the password."
Cherry smirked, "You think we're that stupid?"  He pressed the button to make the man writhe in pain.  "I can stand here all day doing that.  How long can you take it?"
When the alien quit twitching, he glared at Josh and Cherry's 3D images.  His lips thinned into a straight line across his face.  Cherry continued to ask questions and jolt him with electricity on the bottoms of his feet for each sassy answer or silence.
Finally, the little slaver gave him the account number and password for the account with 250,000 credits in it.  A few seconds later, the corners of his mouth twitched up just a touch.  Josh hit the mute before saying, "Cherry, that might be a good account number, but I think if we try to use that in person, we'll be in serious trouble."
Touching the mute again, Cherry asked a few more questions.  He found out the bank was on Vidar, the planet the Pomodore had supposedly headed to.  Cherry asked another question and got a smart-alecky answer.  He zapped the slaver until he passed out.
Uncertain if the alien had actually passed out, Josh pushed the mute again.  As he opened his mouth to speak, the comm chimed.  When he answered, the Captain asked, "You having any luck?"
Cherry answered, "He's not cooperating much – yet.  I'm sure he'll come around in a few more hours."
He glanced at Josh and when Josh gave a slight nod, he said, "He did give us an account number and password.  It's supposed to have 250,000 credits in it."
"Do you believe him?"
"Maybe about the account and the amount of money, but something's off.  I don't know that I'd want to be trying to get the money in person.  I think you might be arrested for attempted theft."
Josh said, "Or some of his friends would have you before you got out the door.  He gave up the information just a little too easily."
The Captain said, "Use a fake phone.  Call in and use his image."
Cherry squinted a little as he thought.  "We might try that after we finish interrogating him.  It'll have to be in a few days.  We'd need to set up an account to transfer the money to."
The Captain said, "After I get the shill to the medics, I could try to set something up.  I'd have to know where the account is.  Maybe I have a contact there."
Josh said, "Thanks for the offer.  Let us think about it for a bit."
"I just want to verify the information that rat is giving you.  If he's telling the truth, maybe you could get some contact information from him about the Bugs…"
Cherry said, "We haven't forgotten, Captain.  If he knows anything, we'll get it out of him."
"Send me some video and I'll get started on it.  I have a couple more hours until I get close to Orlowa."
After Cherry sent some of the images, he hit the button to shock the alien.  The little slaver moaned and twisted on the ground.  Josh checked the sensor to see that the temperature had risen another five degrees.
An hour and a half later, Cherry wanted to just let the rock drift into the sun.  Josh said, "Cherry, I think he's answering more questions.  We just need to pressure him a little more.  What can we do to mess with his mind?"
"Shove him straight at the sun.  That worm —"
The chime of the comm interrupted him.  After he pushed the mute, Josh answered.  Before he could even say hello, the Captain yelled, "Do you know who you have there?  Do you?"
Cherry said, "An obstinate slime ball that deserves to see the sun from very close."
"NO!  You can't do that.  That's Cynesy.  He's a top lieutenant in Exurbiu Entertainment.  You need to get him back so we can get answers from him."
Cherry snorted, "What do you think I've been doing?  Sending him on a picnic?  If you have any suggestions about how to get him to talk, I'm all ears."
Josh asked, "How did you find out who he is?"
"The shill who lost her arm recognized him.  That's why the Exec shot her, not to intimidate you but to silence her.  They didn't want you to get your hands on that little thug.  The shill said he was on the spaceship that kidnapped her and several others off of her planet."
Glancing at Cherry, Josh asked, "What else can we do to get some answers from him?"
Cherry shrugged, "Anything we do now will just get answers.  They may or may not be true, though.  I think he's been trained to withstand torture.  How much time do we have before we have more Zlata or others of their ilk coming here?"
The Captain asked, "Do you think he has a tracking device of some sort?  I want to get my hands on him.  He might know about the Bugs…"
Josh said, "You need to get those shills on Orlowa.  Get the injured one to medical help.  Then we need to hide your ship and this shuttle."
"What do you mean hide my ship?  Why?"
Cherry asked, "Weren't you shooting at the pleasure palace?  Don't you think they saw you?  Now a bunch of Zlata are missing.  I'm sure the head of Exurbiu Entertainment would really like to talk to you right now.  Josh, we need to get rid of that Zlata ship in orbit, too."
"Yeah, I guess you're right.  I don't dare hide it on the planet.  It's too big.  I could hide the shuttle but what do I do with this ship?"
Josh said, "Why don't you hide it on the moon?  We'll take care of those ships out by the asteroids.  You'll have to hide the ones that crashed on the planet and the one in orbit."
Lemmy stepped in the door of the cockpit.  She said, "Josh, you should get some of the shield nodes off of that big ship.  They'll be more heavy duty than what Belle has now."
Cherry said, "That's a lot of stuff to get done.  We most likely don't have a lot of time.  I'd guess three or four days at the most.  Interrogating Cynesy is going to have to take a back seat until we get the other done."
Josh said, "Maybe we could use the time to soften him up.  How long would it take to break him if we take away all sensory input?  No light, no weight, no sound."
The Captain asked, "How would you do that?"
Cherry said "Easy.  We put him in a shield and expand it.  Make it block all light and sound.  He'd just float in space.  We could shoot enough air in it to keep him going for several days at a time.  Maybe we could even figure out a way to silently scrub it and pump it back in."
The Captain said, "Total isolation sounds like what he deserves.  I'll be landing in an hour.  I'll make an orbit to find the two ships that went down and get some friends started covering them up.  Once I get the shills settled, I'll take off for the ship in orbit.  Maybe I can hide this ship and it on the moon."
Josh said, "We'll go get the slaver and drop the shuttle on the moon for you.  Then we can high-tail it back to the asteroids to hide those two ships out there."
Lemmy said, "Well, I need to get back to work fixing all the stuff you two destroyed.  I can't leave Belle alone with you for two minutes without you tearing things up."
Cherry's eyebrows raised, "Us tearing things up?  Who was it that got that shill shot?  How did you two wind up on the shuttle?  You were safe on the Captain's ship."
Josh said, "Quiet, you two.  We need to get to work.  We don't have time for this squabble.  Captain, get moving.  We'll see you in a few hours."
He waved and broke the connection.  Josh fired Belle up and pursued the asteroid with the slave on it.  Lemmy moved to the cargo bay.  Her mutters could be heard for several seconds.  Cherry looked at Josh and shook his head.  As he rolled his eyes upward, he said, "She thinks she can't leave us for two seconds.  I should have let that Exec shoot her."
Josh grinned and concentrated on closing on the asteroid.  He said, "Can you get out there and get the shield set?  Do we need to bring that slug on board?"
"Naw, I'll just use a tractor beam on him.  With the shield set to block all light and sound, he won't even know he's off the rock."
"How are you going to keep him from drifting around in there?"
"I'll put a slight repelling force on the inside.  It will be just enough to keep him in the center of the shield."
Josh said, "Good.  Let's get this done.  We need to drop the shuttle and get the other two ships hidden.  We have no idea when we'll get company."
Cherry left the cockpit and rushed to the cargo bay.  Josh watched the sensors and saw him leave Belle as soon as they touched down.  Looking at the view screen, he saw the slaver writhe in pain as Cherry hit him with a shock.  When he stopped moving, Josh saw Cherry enter the shield.  A few seconds later, he had the tangler removed from the man.
Cherry disappeared from view as the inside of the shield grew dark.  Josh switched to infrared to see.  The form of the man floated in the center of the shield.  Glancing at the outside sensors, Josh saw that the shield grew in size.
Ten minutes after they landed, Cherry stepped into the cockpit.  He said, "Give me a minute and then we can go."
At his nod, Josh flew off the rock.  Cherry used another tractor beam to grab the shuttle again.  The lieutenant from Exurbiu Entertainment moaned and started talking to himself.  Josh turned the sound down and made sure that any sound coming from them was muted.
Cherry said, "We better take the long way around to get back to the planet."
Josh looked at him, "Why?"
"Look at your fuel gauge.  By the time we get to the planet, we'll be on fumes.  I don't relish buying our own fuel back."
"Oh, good call."
Cherry checked to see where the Captain's ship was, then readied two fuel rockets.  Josh jumped through hyperspace to bring them closer to the sun.  When they came back to normal space, Cherry launched the rockets.
While they waited, Cherry space walked to return the shuttle to flyable condition.  A few hours later, the fuel gauge on Belle showed three quarters full.  Josh jumped close to the planet where he scanned for the derelict ship in orbit but found it missing.  Aiming Belle for the moon, he waited for Cherry to get in touch with the Captain.
When the call came, Josh followed directions to maneuver Belle over the two hidden ships.  Cherry set the shuttle down nearby.  As soon as the Captain settled himself in the shuttle's pilot seat, Josh headed to the asteroids.  The Captain took the shuttle back to Orlowa.
A view screen flickered, so Josh called Lemmy.  "What's the matter back there?  We're about to lose a view screen."
"I'm trying to fix this mess that Twinkles made.  Whatever made you think a fumble-fingered metal gizmo could make repairs to a spaceship?  Give me a few minutes and I'll try to stabilize it."
Cherry growled and shook a fist at the view screen, but Lemmy had already broken the connection.  Josh turned his head to hide his grin from his friend.  He finished entering coordinates into the computer.  After he lit the hyper-drive, he stood up and stretched.
Josh said, "I'm going to turn in for a few hours.  This has been a long day.  How long has it been since you recharged your batteries?"
"I'm going to do it here.  I want to check on our prisoner to see how he's doing.  I'll call you when we come out of hyperspace."
Josh stopped in the galley for a drink before he went to his quarters.

The chime of the comm jerked him from an exhausted sleep.  Blearily, Josh looked around for the sound.  Eventually his foggy brain found the source of the noise and he reacted.  Slapping the receiver, he muttered, "What?"
Cherry said, "We just came out of hyperspace.  I have one of the ships spotted.  You want to sleep or would you like to come up here and fly to it?"
"I'll be there in a few minutes.  I need a shower to wake up."
Fifteen minutes later, he strode into the cockpit.  Cherry said, "It's a good thing you didn't call it beauty sleep.  If it was, it didn't work."
Josh ignored him and slid into the pilot's seat.  His eyes searched the view screens to see where they were.  After a few minutes, he asked, "Did you find the other ship?"
"No, but I saw a bunch of Nagini.  After we take care of that one, we should look closer around there."
An hour later, Josh had Belle close enough for Cherry to use a tractor beam to grab the Zlata ship.  Josh asked, "Should we take it back to our asteroid?"
"That sounds like as good a place as any.  The Nagini were over there in the asteroid field so I doubt any ship will be flying into there to search for missing buddies."
"Did you scan for life forms?"
"Yes, with no results.  Unless the Zlata have a way to block scanners, there's no one left alive."
Josh's mouth turned down as he frowned.  He said, "I'd still like to search that ship before we get started.  I don't want to take anyone else to our asteroid right now."
Cherry said, "I'll go.  It's easier for me to get ready to go outside.  I'll take a sensor so you can see what I do."
A hole in the hull made Cherry pause.  His eyes roved around the inside following the beam of his light.  Moving closer to inspect the hole, he whispered, "I think some of the smaller snakes entered here.  This could get a little hair-raising if I had any hair."
Josh said, "Just smile at them.  Don't let them smell your fear."
"Right.  Just like you always do – behind a shield.  I don't happen to have one of those."
"You want to come get one?"
"No, I think they've left.  Let's get this over with."
Two hours later, they were both satisfied that no living being was on the ship.  Cherry counted fifteen dead.  As soon as Cherry entered Belle's airlock, Josh started toward the asteroid.  Just before they arrived, Lemmy stuck her head back in the cockpit.  She said, "I'm hungry.  You two didn't eat all the food, did you?"
Cherry snapped, "No, but it'll most likely be gone in a couple of days now that you're back."
"Oh, Twinkles, you're so funny.  Are you two coming?"
Josh answered, "In a minute.  I want to land first.  I'd just as soon get hidden as quick as we can."
He maneuvered Belle to the asteroid and then under the land bridge.  Cherry said, "You might as well take that ship inside and park it there.  We have another one to get."
Josh took Belle under the bridge and had the other ship lined up to back it into place.  His hands gripped the steering yoke in a death grip.  He kept his eyes glued to the view screens.  As he entered the door, a flash of movement caused him to slam to a stop.
A swarm of Nagini swirled around Belle.  Josh dropped his hands to his lap.  They were shaking.  Beads of sweat dripped from his forehead.  Cherry looked at him and chuckled.  He said, "You'd think you were afraid of scratching the paint or something."
"Or something.  I caught just a flash of those snakes and it almost scared the pants off of me.  I think I'm close enough for a bit.  Let's go eat."
"Pick Belle up.  I'll use the tractor beam to shove this ship in farther.  I wonder how the former owners got ships in here."
"I'll bet they have some sort of tractor beam to pull them in once they land out here.  If we stay around, we'll have to figure out how to get it working."
"You plan on having a lot of visitors?"
"No, but if the Zlata want to keep sending ships, we can store them in here for them."
They both chuckled at that thought.  Cherry used the tractor beam to shove the dead ship farther into the big room.  He parked it along the right hand wall.  When he set it down, Josh moved Belle back under the land bridge and set her down.  He flipped switches off and said, "Now, let's go eat."
Cherry muttered, "If there's anything left."

Lemmy shoved another spoonful of food in her mouth.  As she chewed, she said, "I need some more parts.  I put a list on the computer."
Cherry looked at her in disgust.  "Can't you chew with your mouth closed?  Wait until you've swallowed to talk."
She opened her mouth wider as she chewed.  When she swallowed, she said, "I really need those parts before we take off again."
Josh said, "Can't it wait?  We need to get that other ship back here before we have any more visitors."
Lemmy said, "If you don't get those parts for me and those visitors use you for target practice again, we might wind up as junk floating in space."
Cherry said, "As bad as I hate to, I have to agree.  Josh, you haven't seen the damage we sustained back there.  We need to be ready to fight if we have to."
"OK, as soon as I finish, I'll suit up and go get what I can.  Lemmy, did you check the computer to see if any of those parts are in the warehouses?"
"No, I figured that was yours and Twinkles' specialties."
Cherry said, "I'll check it.  Finish eating."
By the time Josh had finished eating, Cherry had his list ready on a tablet.  It included the part and the location.  He sorted the list to group the items so Josh would only have to make one stop at each warehouse.
Lemmy wandered back to the cargo bay as they were discussing the parts.  Josh said, "Cherry, check the remote detectors.  I have this itch at the base of my neck.  I think we're going to have visitors before we expected them."
"Is this your intuition speaking?"
"Yes, I think it is."
"It hasn't been wrong many times.  Maybe we'd better take care of that other ship, then come back here for the parts."
"What if we have to fight?  No, I'll hurry as fast as I can.  Just stay alert."
Josh rushed down the passageway to the cargo bay.  His eyes widened in surprise at the chaos there.  Panels had been pulled off and piled on the deck.  Robots were scurrying around doing repairs as he watched.
Before he climbed into his spacesuit, Josh made sure that he had two blasters and a vibro-knife.  He checked each one for a full charge.  Sighing, he put the suit on and walked to the fliter.  Throwing on extra tie downs, he muttered, "I want to make as few trips as possible.  I'm going to load this baby down."
He checked the remote detector in the asteroid field one last time before he entered the airlock.  Seeing nothing, he blasted into the warehouse district to gather parts.


Chapter 28


As Josh roared out of Belle, he picked up an escort of about twenty Nagini.  They swirled around him but didn't get in the way.  It distracted him and he kept an eye on them, but he hurried as fast as he could toward the first warehouse.
When he stopped, the snakes didn't back off as they usually did.  Hesitating to get off, he watched them for a few seconds then muttered, "I can't wait all day for you stupid things.  I've got parts to get."
He slipped the vibro-knife out of its sheath and stepped down from the fliter and moved out of the shield.  Two eight-foot long Nagini came at him.  His knife came up in a defensive move but the snakes didn't threaten him.  Instead, they weaved their strange dance around his body.  They stayed close to him as he opened the door to the warehouse.
Josh's skin crawled at the thought of the Nagini so close, but the pressure of needing parts kept him moving.  The other snakes stayed outside the warehouse doors, but the two smaller ones stayed close to him as he gathered parts.
After loading the third part, Josh muttered, "I could get this done much faster if you two weren't here.  I have to keep watching you instead of concentrating on the parts.  Why don't you go back outside to play?  Where were your grandfathers when I needed them to attack those spaceships?  Look at the pounding we took because it took so long for them to get there."
He continued to mutter to the Nagini as he went down his list.  The longer he worked, the more comfortable he became – until one of the snakes would brush up against his spacesuit.  Then his hand would flash to his knife.
At last, he filled the fliter and lashed his load down.  He had to take his time going back to Belle because the heavy load made the fliter difficult to fly.  When the Nagini tried to come in the airlock with him, he said, "No, you don't.  I've had your company long enough.  You aren't coming in here."
He grabbed one and shoved it away from the airlock.  The other chased it.  Josh slapped the close button on the airlock.  Cherry's voice came over the intercom, "Who you talking to?"
"Some pests that wouldn't leave me alone.  I had to throw them out of here to be able to close the door."
Cherry chuckled, "Maybe you should be nice to them and start training them young.  Then you could get them to attack spaceships or pirates that come on yours.  Don't mess with those little ones though.  Get something fifteen or twenty feet long."
"Ha!  Those are all I can stand.  Do you want those things flying around inside of Belle?"
"No, you could do it when I'm not around."
Josh just shook his head.  The inner door opened and he quickly off-loaded the parts.  He cycled back through the airlock to go get another load.  Checking the time, he saw he had already been at it for three hours.  His inner alarm ticked louder.

It took Josh another six hours to gather all the parts on the list.  His escort stayed with him the entire time and tried to get in the airlock each trip.  Josh shoved them outside every time.  Lemmy had some more requests but Josh said, "You'll have to do with these parts for now.  We have to get that other ship hidden.  We can get more parts the next trip."
After the last load of parts, Josh unsuited and grabbed a bite to eat.  Then he headed to the cockpit to start the preflight checklist.  When Lemmy told him she had the parts secured, he took off.
Cherry continued to monitor both remote detectors but saw no signs of spacecraft in the solar system.  Josh piloted Belle searching for the last Zlata ship.  He found it five hours later.  It had wound up deeper in the asteroid field.
The Captain called as he flew into the asteroids, "We found both ships.  The smaller one dug itself a hole in the ground.  My friends covered up as much of the damage as they could.  I'm not sure if it will be hidden from space, but at least they won't know for sure what it is without landing and digging."
Cherry said, "That's good news.  What about the big one?"
"We know where it is.  Now comes the problem of trying to disguise what happened.  I'm actually calling you from outside that one now."
"How bad is it damaged?"
"I'm not sure.  We haven't even looked at it.  We did a sweep and found all of the crew dead.  That last stop plastered most of them against bulkheads or seatbelts.  It must have been a really rough landing."
Josh muttered, "It couldn't happen to a nicer bunch."
The Captain asked, "What was that?"
Cherry said, "Nothing.  Just our pilot getting a little sentimental about that crew.  We have one ship hidden in the asteroids and just found the second one.  We'll have it hidden in a few hours."
"Good.  Any sign of more visitors?"
"Not yet.  I'll let you know when I see something."
As the Captain broke the connection, Josh spotted the Zlata spaceship on the view screens.  He maneuvered Belle closer.  Cherry used the tractor beam to grab it.  He said, "I guess I should go over and check this one out, too."
"Yeah, we don't want any of those thugs finding out about our asteroid.  Be careful, we could have another spaceship drop into this system anytime now."
Josh watched Cherry jet to the other ship a few minutes later.  A remote sensor followed him inside.  The inside of this ship was much the same as the other one.  Dead bodies floated in the empty passageways.  All power inside had been sucked out by the Nagini.
After a quick search, Cherry called, "What do the scanners say?"
"You're the only visible life form on the ship."
Cherry tried a few other places where someone might hide contraband but didn't find anybody.  He returned to Belle.  Before Josh could fly away, the alarms from the remote detector went off.
The sound of Cherry and Lemmy's running feet sounded as Josh eased Belle closer to a large asteroid.  He flipped the shield on to invisible.  As Cherry slid into the co-pilot's seat, he asked, "Is it the ones we expected?"
"I don't know.  I wanted to get us close to this rock and then set the shields."
Cherry's fingers flew as he checked the detector.  Lemmy moved to another seat in the cockpit.  All three strapped on seatbelts and drew them tight.  Cherry said, "I'm pretty sure that's them."
He fine-tuned the images from the detector to show a spaceship much like the one they had on the tractor beam.  As the three watched, another one appeared several thousand miles from the first.  As the two ships moved along the asteroid field, the tension in Belle rose.
When the ships approached the asteroid where they had found Belle, the huge Nagini appeared.  They rapidly swam toward one of the ships.  It opened fire on them.
Cherry tuned the comm to the frequency that the Zlata had used before.  The three in Belle's cockpit heard the frantic cries for help.  The second ship started to move closer, but saw that the first ship's weapons had no effect on the gigantic snakes.
Their forward progress slowed to a stop.  The other ship increased speed with the Nagini's noses on their stern.  The second ship changed direction and tried to hide in the asteroids.  The smaller snakes swarmed out and launched in pursuit.
A few minutes later, both ships reached jump speed and winked out of sight as they vanished into hyperspace.  Josh said, "That's crazy.  Why couldn't they have done that with the ones around Orlowa?"
The remote detector near the planet beeped to let them know that another ship had appeared.  Cherry groaned, "Now what?"
Josh said, "That seems to be their pattern.  A couple sneak out here by the asteroids and the others appear near the planet.  It wouldn't surprise me to see a couple more pop up."
Lemmy asked "What are we going to do?  I don't have Belle repaired enough to get into a big fight."
Josh said, "I don't want to get into a big fight.  Too much chance of us losing.  Yep, there they are.  Two more.  Cherry, do you think our trick with the rocks would work again?"
"I don't know…"
His voice trailed off as the three watched an incredible scene develop.  The five gargantuan Nagini appeared out of nowhere.  They came into sight only a few hundred yards away from the largest ship.
Suddenly, two throngs of smaller snakes popped into view behind the two smaller ships.  In seconds, all of the animals were attacking all three ships.  Screams of panic came over the comm.  All three ships flew in different directions.  After a few seconds, their weapons winked in rapid fire.
One of the smaller ships slowed, then drifted.  The energy signature from it ebbed like water disappearing into sand.  The other two ships broke away from the Nagini and jumped to hyperspace.  The last comm they heard said, "…leave this place and never come back.  I don't know what those things are, but we hit them at least a dozen times with no effect.  Tell the boss it's too dangerous to come here anymore.  Maybe that's what happened to the —"
The comm went silent.  Josh and Cherry stared at each other.  Lemmy said, "You'd better get this ship hidden.  Looks like we have one more to salvage."
Cherry made a strange noise almost like someone being strangled.  Josh just grinned as he started getting Belle ready to move.  As they flew to their asteroid, Cherry called the Captain to tell him what happened.

Once they had the spaceship stored in the asteroid, the three collapsed into bed.  The next morning at breakfast, Lemmy asked for more parts.  Josh and Cherry looked at her list after she headed to the rear of the ship to supervise the repair work.
Cherry said, "Half the stuff on here isn't in the warehouses."
"Yeah, she's added to the list she had before we went to Orlowa.  We'll have to go to another planet to even get a start on this list.  Trouble is, we need some money."
"While you get the parts you can, I'm going to go see what those ships have.  Maybe I can get into their computers and find out about any accounts they may have."
"If they have very much, we should share some with the Captain.  He's taking care of six more kids.  I don't know where his money comes from, but I'll bet any help would be appreciated."
"Yeah, I may have to call him to check for accounts for that big one.  Might as well hit them any way we can."
Josh nodded in agreement as he stood to go suit up.  Cherry rose as well and they both headed to the rear.

As Josh made his last trip into Belle's airlock, a smaller Nagini tried to sneak in.  Josh muttered, "I should let you in to see if you burn in atmosphere or just shrivel up.  I'm just too tired to deal with Lemmy's reaction.  Shoo!  Get out of here."
A twenty-footer appeared at the open door.  Josh's heart raced as he reached for his vibro-knife.  He keyed the comm, "Cherry, I hope you're in Belle.  I have a twenty-footer eyeing me.  If you're outside, you may have to wait for awhile."
"I'm inside.  I finished about fifteen minutes ago.  What is it with you and those things?  Some sort of love affair?"
"Read my lips."  He gave Cherry the raspberry.
Josh shivered as the huge snake eyed him.  He closed the airlock as quickly as he could.  After the airlock cycled, he backed the fliter inside.  As tired as he felt, he took the time to secure the fliter to the deck.  Checking the netting on the load, he decided it would be secure until Lemmy needed it.  He climbed out of his spacesuit and headed to the galley.
At the galley he spotted Lemmy and Cherry already sitting at the table.  He said, "You're the android.  You should have been getting these parts.  You don't get tired."
"Oh, but I do in a way.  My charge runs down and sometimes I can barely drag myself across the deck.  What are you griping about?  You should see what I found on those two ships and see some of the stuff our prisoner is saying.  He's about broken and soon we'll be able to ask him anything."
"Maybe tomorrow.  Right now, I just want to eat something and go to bed.  This has been one lo-o-ong day."
Lemmy piped up, "'With the parts you've been getting, I'm making good progress in putting Belle back together.  In another week or ten days —"
Cherry said, "Ten days?  We need to be jumping to another planet."
"You can.  I can work while we're in hyperspace."
Josh said, "We don't want to be too far behind that pleasure ship.  We still don't know their route and I want to catch up to them."
Lemmy asked, "What are you going to do when you catch up?"
"I'm going to put them out of business."
Josh walked to the counter and put a little bit of food on a plate.  Filling a large glass with a drink, he sat down.  He slowly ate, not even paying attention to the bickering of Cherry and Lemmy.  After a bit, he pushed the plate back.  Draining the liquid in the glass, he set it on the table and shuffled to his quarters where he collapsed on his bed.

The next morning Josh slept much later than normal.  When he finally awoke, he crawled out of bed, got dressed and stumbled to the galley.  The room was empty so he fixed breakfast and sat down to eat.  As he stuffed the last bite in his mouth, he contacted Belle to find out where the other two were.
Belle projected two 3D images.  One showed Lemmy busily directing the robots repairing the damage to the spaceship.  The other showed Cherry sitting in the situation room.  His attention was riveted to a view screen, so Josh assumed he must be interrogating the slaver again.  After taking care of his dishes, he walked toward the situation room.
Entering quietly, he saw that he had been right.  Cherry asked the little alien another question as he walked in.  The man's answers seemed like random rambling instead of a clear response.
Josh stood for several minutes while Cherry finished his line of questions.  Cherry saw him out of the corner of his eye and waved him to a chair.  Josh shook his head no and quietly slipped out to find Lemmy.
After talking to her for a few minutes, Josh went to the cockpit.  He programmed in a jump to Orlowa.  Then he started searching a copy of the shuttle's database.  Looking at the different planets it had visited, he made a list of places they would need to travel to.
Next he viewed the copies of the databases of the two Zlata ships, scanning for the same places visited by both.  Vidar seemed to be prominent in all three ships' travel itinerary.  Josh searched their databases for information about the planet and then looked at the star charts for that region.
Josh muttered to himself, "This should be our next destination after we take care of business on Orlowa.  I think they may have most of the parts we need for Belle and I'm sure they'll have information about that floating sewer these slavers use as a pleasure palace.  I want to get my hands on them."
Cherry walked in and asked, "What was that?  Are you ready to eat?"
Josh glanced at the clock, surprised to see that he had spent the day studying the databases.  He said, "I said I want to get my hands on some more slavers.  It's time to shut them down."
"I agree.  I got that little jerk to talk a little bit."
"When I was in there, he seemed to be babbling."
"Ah, but babbling can give you a lot of answers if you do it right.  I know a lot of passwords, account numbers and planets where they are located.  I just have to work a little more to tie the account number to the password and to the planet."
"How long are you going to need?  You're going to have to feed that slime soon."
"I've had some nanobots do it already.  I also gave him something to drink.  He didn't even realize what happened.  I can keep him like this indefinitely."
"You didn't answer.  How long?"
"I don't know.  He's had some serious conditioning to resist the way he has.  Are you in a hurry to get somewhere?"
"Yes, see this.  Vidar – that's where we're going after we finish on Orlowa.  I'm pretty sure we can get most of the parts for Belle that Lemmy wants and I know we can get information on Exurbiu Entertainment.  What did you find out about credits on those two ships?"
"There's a little over 500,000 credits available if we can figure out how to transfer them to us.  I think we need to talk to the Captain.  Maybe he has some ideas."
Josh brushed a strand of hair out of his face.  His eyes unfocused for a few seconds before snapping back to the present.  He said, "Let's eat and get to Orlowa.  We've got people to see and places to investigate.  Can we tow our prisoner and leave him someplace in orbit?"
"I think we can take him to the planet.  We'll get the Captain to care for him.  You know the Captain has a few questions for him.  Belle, call Lemmy to the galley.  We'll eat and discuss our plans."


Chapter 29


An hour after they finished eating, Josh had Belle underway to Orlowa.  Josh and Lemmy went to their quarters to sleep for a few hours as they flew.  Cherry busied himself in the cockpit, studying the databases from the slavers ships.  He loaded the newest star charts from them into Belle's memory.
When the spaceport started calling them, Cherry woke Josh.  A different Orlowan sat in the inspector's office.  Josh answered her hail, "Howdy, what can I do for you?  Where's Inspector Dawalth?"
She sniffed, "He no longer works here.  Why are you in our space?"
"We're here to see an old friend and do some business."
"You realize you'll have to pay a landing fee and get a permit."
Cherry said, "Get a permit to see our friend?  That seems a little harsh.  Things have changed in just a few days."
The woman glared at him, "No, you don't need a permit to see your friend.  We've had a big shakeup in our government.  We had spaceships shooting at us and it didn't set well with the people."
Cherry growled, "How would the people like it if we started spreading the word that you don't want any more space trade?  Should we tell our buddies to spread the word you don't want any visitors?"
The alien woman paled and her hands started shaking.  "I – uh – that's not what I mean.  We welcome visitors and traders."
"Just not us?"
"No, you're welcome."
Josh asked, "How much is the landing fee now?  How much for a permit?"
She told him and Cherry whistled.  "Prices have doubled in three days.  Next time, Josh, we let the slavers have this planet.  They can bomb them with asteroids —"
"You're that ship?  I didn't realize."
Josh said, "You didn't realize a lot of things.  You'd better get your President or King or whoever your leader is.  We won't deal with you.  We're going to land, talk to our friend and go check out the wrecked spaceship.  If anyone has any objections, have the top dog get in touch with us.  I left instructions the last time I left here.  I hope someone has some answers for me or else…"
The woman had trouble swallowing and couldn't speak.  Josh cut the connection.  Cherry chuckled, "You've got her running scared now.  What do you want?  A brass band to meet you?"
"No, I just don't like surly civil servants.  They get my dander up, especially this early in the morning."
"My, my, someone didn't get their beauty sleep.  You want to go back to bed and have me take Belle in?"
"No, I'm too wired to go back to sleep.  Let's go in with weapons hot and the shield up.  I want them to know I'm not messing around."
Cherry's eyes narrowed, "You could be stirring up trouble.  What if someone from the Imperium —"
"They don't have an Imperium here.  I think we're as much of a police force as they have in this neighborhood – us and the Nagini."
"Just don't let your temper go.  We still have a hideout here and I'd like to stay friendly with the natives."
"Then tell them to get some very polite people to make their calls to spaceships."
Josh spread his hands to shoulder width to gesture up and down.  A scowl crossed his face.  He asked, "You don't suppose they locked up the Captain, do you?  I'd really be upset then."
"Just cool it.  I'll call him to see what's going on."
After several minutes of trying, Cherry finally reached the Captain.  Plugging into the comm with his finger, he had a private conversation so he wouldn't break Josh's concentration.  The Captain told him that he knew nothing of the new regime now in control.  He had landed the shuttle at a friend's place and had flown with a crew to the big spaceship.  They talked for several more minutes as Josh maneuvered Belle into position for reentry into the atmosphere.
Cherry cut the connection and said, "The Captain doesn't know anything about the new government.  Seems he landed in the boonies to hide the shuttle.  He wants to meet us at the same tavern in six hours.  Lemmy, he has a surprise for you."
"What is it?"
"I don't know.  You'll have to wait until we see him to find out."

An hour later Belle sat on the ground.  The three went to their quarters to change.  All three heavily armed themselves.  As they moved through the cargo bay to the airlock, Belle's alarm went off.
She announced, "There is a large gathering outside.  Several have weapons and others have instruments."
Josh said, "Show us."
Belle projected a 3D image of aliens in uniform carrying weapons standing next to the rear airlock.  Behind them a larger group carried musical instruments.  Three males led the uniformed procession.  A growing crowd without uniforms could be seen outside the fence of the spaceport.  
Cherry snickered, "Looks like you get your brass band to meet you.  Have you got a speech ready?"
"That's your department.  I just want to talk to the Captain and get out of here."
"I'm no good at speeches.  How about you, Lemmy?  Or maybe Demmy could do it?"
Lemmy's ears flattened on her head and her eyes widened in shock.  She stammered, "Speech – in front of all those people?  I'd rather face all the Nagini at the asteroid with no weapons."
Cherry grinned, "It's easy.  You just get up there and tell them what you feel.  Think of all of them with a big flower growing out of their heads."
She hung back as they entered the airlock, "Not me.  If I have to make a speech, I'll stay here."
"What if the Captain won't give us your present?  It might be something really special."
Her head swiveled from Josh to Cherry and back again trying to make a decision.  At last she slowly stepped into the airlock.  She asked, "What if they're not here to cheer for you as a hero, but to arrest you?"
Cherry's eyes narrowed as he looked at her.  He said, "Belle, keep the shield up.  I'll designate targets if they don't want to play nice.  Launch six remote sensors.  Put three of them around this bunch of idiots with weapons.  Send the others over close to the fence."
Josh pulled his weapon from his holster and held it next to his leg.  Lemmy did the same.  Cherry pulled his and moved to the left.  He jammed his little finger into a terminal in the airlock.  Josh took a deep breath to steady himself as the airlock cycled.  The sound of the air being equalized to the atmosphere outside sounded ominously loud.
At last the sound of the air moving stopped and the outer door started to lift.  Josh moved to the right as Cherry stood, still plugged in.  Lemmy pressed against the back wall of the airlock.  Her weapon shaking as she waited.
When the outer door opened, an officious-looking alien stepped forward.  The band started to play with screeches and discordant toots.  The male turned to wave them farther away.  One of the men with weapons directed them closer to the fence where the volume of their playing increased.
The officious male stepped closer until he felt the shield.  Josh and Cherry just stared at him.  He said, "You can't have a shield up while you're at the spaceport."
Josh and Cherry didn't say a word, they just continued to stare.  The male moved his weight from foot to foot, then twisted his hands together.  After a few seconds, he said, "I'm Klaren, mayor of Canbethia here.  I must ask what your business here is."
A baleful stare was his only answer.  His hands moved to his clothes, picking at invisible lint and arranging things.  He asked, "Why won't you answer?  What do you want?  You really have to drop that shield."
Josh's jaw tightened.  Cherry said, "Josh, remember your temper."
Josh said, "Why are you really here, you pompous little twit?  Who sent you?  I said I wanted to talk to the head man and obviously you aren't him."
"I'll have you know I'm the…"
A shot hit the shield in front of Josh.  One of Belle's cannons fired, vaporizing a section of a building outside the spaceport.  The band fell silent as they dropped instruments and scattered in different directions.
Josh's face turned red from anger.  He stepped through the shield to grab the alien by the front of his jacket.  Lifting him off the ground, he brought his face within inches of his.  The two other civilians stepped forward.
His swinging weapon caught the first in the face, dropping him to the ground.  Josh pivoted slightly off his right foot and kicked the second in the gut.  Air whooshed out of him as he flew through the air.  He crashed into the front row of the uniformed aliens.
Josh said, "Cherry, if one of those turkeys moves a weapon, have Belle blow the entire bunch into next week.  Any more shots coming from anywhere, take down the whole building."
Cherry said, "Josh, don't do anything we'll regret later."
"No one will regret if I take this slugs' head off.  He's most likely the ring leader who's been selling these people's friends and family to the slavers and Bugs.  I may just carve him up and use him for Nagini bait."
The alien's feet kicked in the air as his eyes bugged out.  He wriggled franticly but Josh held him firmly.  One weapon amongst the uniforms started to shift up.  Cherry blasted him and shouted.  "Drop them and move away or you'll find yourselves ashes in a hole."
The uniforms quickly did as he said.  Josh shook the one in his hand.  He said, "I'll bet you've got some of the captives still here, haven't you?"
"Not me.  I don't have anything to do with capturing people.  It's El Kahuna.  He and his goons do it all."
"I'll bet you get some of the money though."
The little alien tried to shake his head no.  Josh yelled, "Don't lie to me or I'll start carving pieces off of you.  Don't you get a cut and anyone crossing you disappears?"
The answer came as a whisper, "Yes."
Josh's fist tightened, causing the alien's mouth to gape for breath.  Cherry said, "Josh, don't change history."
Josh dropped the alien and spun him around.  Booting him in the rear, he sent him sprawling.  He muttered, "Maybe it's time to change history.  It hasn't worked out so well the way it is."
Angry shouts came from the crowd.  One male started climbing the fence and soon there were dozens.  Others behind pushed to be next in line and soon the fence slowly toppled to the ground.  Hundreds of people crowded over the gap.
Josh looked at Cherry, "What did you do?"
"I just sent them a 3D view of your conversation with that jerk."
The mayor had been moaning on the ground until he heard the rush of footsteps.  He looked up, then leaped to his feet.  Before he could run, two of the crowd caught him.  They drug the mayor in front of Josh.
The man to the right asked, "Is it true what you said?"
"You mean about your leaders selling people to the slavers and Bugs?"
The man nodded.  Josh answered, "I don't have proof, but you have a partial confession from him.  We interrogated six shills from the pleasure palace that just left and they all sang the same song.  If I lived on this planet, I'd want a longer time to talk to this slug and then have a long talk with others he'd reveal."
The man said, "I – don't know if we can or should.  They are the government.  What if the slavers come back?"
Josh's face reddened again, "This may be your only chance to clean up your government.  I can't tell you what to do.  You're going to have to decide for yourselves.  If you want to stop your friends and families from disappearing, there are some weapons to help you get started."
"But we might get hurt – or killed."
Josh nodded, "Yes, some of you will be killed, but if you ever want a different future, someone has to step over there and pick up a weapon.  You have some help out in space keeping the Zlata, those ships that attacked the planet, but you have to straighten out your own mess here on the planet."
The crowd stared at him for a long minute then one walked to the pile of weapons.  She bent down, moved a couple of them before she selected one to pick up.  As she stood, she said, "I'll do it.  I want to know my children have a chance to stay here and prosper.  I don't want them to be – be – slaves or worse on those ships.  What do we need to do?"
A roar came from the crowd as others pressed in to pick up the remaining weapons.  Some even picked up the discarded musical instruments.  They all turned expectantly to Josh.
He looked at the faces for several moments before he said, "A few of you need to question that slime.  Others need to call your friends to tell them what he's done.  As soon as you get answers, go get the other guilty parties.  Question them to find every piece of filth involved in this slave trade.  Elect some honest leaders, get someone polite and respectful as a greeter for space traffic —"
With a roar, the crowd started to move.  In minutes they had the mayor on his way to be questioned as the others lifted their comm units.  Anger radiated off the crowd as they dispersed.  Groups clung together for support as they waited to see who they should find next.
Cherry said, "Oh, Josh.  Why did you do that?  I can't think of a bigger time line disruption."
"Did you ever think that we were supposed to?  Come on.  We need to see about a few more parts and some supplies while we can.  We still have a few hours until we meet the Captain."

When Josh led the way through the tavern door, the patrons gave them a strange look but didn't say anything.  Cherry ordered drinks for them as they sat down.  Josh and Cherry both drew their weapons and laid them on their laps.
They sipped on the drinks for the next fifteen minutes.  Josh looked at Cherry, "Do you think he ran into problems?"
"What problems would he have with the mess out there?  Josh, there's some serious trouble brewing out there."
"I couldn't help it.  It had to be done."
Lemmy looked at them, then asked, "What are you two talking about?  Josh just sent the people out to do what they should have done years ago."
Josh said, "See.  Even she knows what's right."
Cherry snorted, "But does she realize the consequences?"
Before their discussion could get really heated, the Captain walked in.  He nodded at the bartender and motioned his head at their table.  The bartender followed him to the table with a drink.
After he left, the Captain said, "I've never seen anyone start a revolution single-handedly.  How is it that I leave you guys alone for just a few hours and you get into so much trouble?"
Josh said, "We're not in trouble.  It's the thieving, lying, underhanded scum who are trading with the slavers.  They're the ones in big trouble."
The Captain stared at him, "It's the entire planet.  People out in the bush are after government people who pushed their bribes too high.  We're going to lose ninety percent of our bureaucrats.  Who'll run the government?"
"You might find that you don't need them.  Help the people here find honest leaders.  They have a chance to start over on this planet."
"How are we going to stop Exurbiu Entertainment or the Zlata or the next spaceship load of slime from coming to take over Orlowa?"
Josh said, "The Nagini will stop them."
"You don't know that.  Will they stop all space traffic?  We need what little traffic we get for the trade goods they bring and the credits we get for our goods."
"I don't know what the Nagini will allow through, but I think they'll allow responsible traders.  If there are some ships due in the next few days, we'll help them get through, but…"
The Captain looked from Josh to Cherry to Lemmy.  His eyes flicked back to Josh.  "You're going after another Alcantaran ship, aren't you?  Or are you going after the Exurbiu Entertainment people?"
Josh grinned, "Yes."
"You're going after both?  How are you going to do that?  They won't be in the same place.  What are you going to do for credits?"
Josh said, "Easy, one question at a time.  We won't try to get to both of them at the same time.  For a few days we'll help get space traffic to here, if we're needed.  Then we have to go to Vidar for parts.  We must get Belle back into shape before we try much of anything.  We found some account numbers from Cynesy and two from those ships out in the asteroids.  Between them we'll have a little money to operate on for awhile, besides we have trade goods we can sell."
"Maybe I can help.  I have some contacts on Vidar.  Does that old Alcantaran ship have a credit registry?  You'll need one.  You can't keep paying for everything by barter.  Sooner or later you'll need to use credits."
Cherry said, "Belle doesn't have a credit registry.  Our old ship's registry was damaged in the crash.  We'll need a new one.  That'll make it easier to transfer the credits from those other accounts."
"My contacts can help with that.  I don't think you want to walk into a bank and try to draw them out.  You realize drawing those credits out will enrage the Zlata and the Exurbiu Entertainment group."
Josh smiled, "That's what we hope.  If they're angry, they'll make a mistake.  We have one more request for you."
"What's that?"
"We have a few more questions for Cynesy, then we don't know what to do with him.  We'd like to keep him alive for farther questioning later but…"
"Did you get a chance to ask him about the Bugs and their contacts?"
Cherry said, "Some, but if you want to have a go at him, go ahead.  Just keep him alive."
"How have you softened him up?  How are you checking his answers?"
Cherry explained what they had done with him and what his reaction had been.  The Captain said, "I've had some experience with Hanami computers.  They're built using organic brains.  I might get more answers out of him than you did.  Where's he at now?"
"In orbit.  I'll give you the coordinates and you can take the shuttle up to check on him."
The Captain said, "I'll take care of him alright.  I'll milk some answers out of him, too.  Let me know if you have more questions and I'll have him singing like a bird."
Josh said, "Don't spend too much time with him.  You need to guide these people.  You have a much better feel for their culture than we do.  Don't let them go back to the old ways."
"I won't.  I'm not going to become a leader but I'll give a little push here and there."
He pulled an envelope out of an inside pocket.  Staring at Josh's face, he asked, "Since you're going to Vidar, would you like to make a little money while you're there?"
Josh's eyes narrowed, "Doing what?"
"A friend of a friend's daughter ran away with a youngster from here.  They're supposed to be there.  Could you find them and see if she wants to come home?  The father will pay 10,000 credits.  Half now and the other half when you find her."
Josh glanced at Cherry who gave a slight nod.  He said, "We'll find her and see if she's alright, but we won't tell the father where she's at unless she wants to be found."
"Fair enough.  The credit transfer is here in the envelope along with pictures and all the information we have.  I also listed a couple of my contacts who might be able to help you."
"Thanks, Captain.  What do we owe you for this?"
"I'll keep ten percent when the client pays the final bill."
Lemmy asked, "What happened to the shills?"
"I have them with friends way in the outback.  I'm starting to trace their families' whereabouts.  If we find them, I'll try to get them back home if they want to go.  The medics here gave the injured one a new prosthesis.  In a few weeks she should be as good as new."
He reached into another pocket to pull out a computer storage device.  Sliding it across the table, he kept his hand on it as he said, "Here's the location of one of your Alcantaran ships.  Don't try to land next to it.  The sun will cook you before you can do anything.  Promise me you won't try."
Josh said, "We'll find another way to get it into space before we try to salvage anything.  We won't land unless we find a way to do it safely."
"Good enough.  I don't want to lose you three.  Lemmy, I have my surprise for you out in my vehicle.  I found fifteen new shield modules on that wrecked ship.  They're yours if you want them."
"Yes.  That may give us better protection.  You can put them in our vehicle out there."
Cherry slid a comm unit to him.  He said, "Here's an Alcantaran comm unit.  I think it will work better with our ship.  You can keep in touch with us now."
"Thanks."  He stood up, "I've got to get going.  I most likely won't see you when you take off.  We're going to get that big ship flying again.  It will give us a little protection along with the two on the moon.  Also, I've got to get started on that job you left me with.  Birthing a new government will be a big pain I'm sure."
He saluted them before turning for the door.  A few minutes later the three stood.  They walked to the door to head back to Belle.  They had a lot of things to do before they could fly to Vidar and their next adventure.

###


Thanks for reading this book. Please take a moment to review this e-book on the website you purchased it from. Thoughtful and sincere reviews help readers to find other books they will enjoy. If you review any Terry Compton e-book, the author invites you to forward your thoughts directly to him at the email provided below. If you request it, you will be placed on a promotions list, eligible to receive promotional coupons for other Terry Compton e-books, free excerpts of new work and news regarding new publications as they become available. Email address lists are never sold or distributed to anyone and are only used to notify fans of free goods or new publications.
The author is always happy to hear from readers and can be reached at terryscreativewriting@centurytel.net. The author is also attentive to requests from fans. If you would like to see a sequel to a novel or short story published as e-books, be sure to let the author know by writing to the email address above.


About the Author:


Terry Compton has raced stock cars, rode horses across the Scapegoat Wilderness, fished and hunted most of his adult life while trying to pay for these hobbies by working at several different jobs.  He is an Air Force veteran and served in the Air National Guard for several years.  Currently, he is the owner, chief welder and installer for an ornamental iron business.  Terry has made several award winning metal creations and is now turning this creativity to writing.
Terry loves to read.  Some of his favorite authors are Clive Cussler, Robert Ludlum, Tom Clancy, Andre Norton, Poul Anderson, Robert Heinlein, Louie L'Amour, Zane Grey and Anne McCaffery.  Newly found 'indie' authors with e-books he enjoys are Lindsay Buroker, Joseph Lallo, M. R. Mathias, Brian Rathbone, L. J. Sellers, Dana Stabenow and Luke Sky Wachter to name just a few.
Terry currently lives in Montana with his wife and a dog who thinks she is a short furry people.

Discover other titles by Terry Compton at Smashwords.com. Also check out the author's web page: http://www.terrysbooks.com/.


Already published or soon to be published novels and short stories:

      

Alien Challenge 		Prequel in the Alcantaran Series
A suspense novel of political intrigue involving Pete and Linda Collins, the Kalispell, Montana community, Galactic Traders, a corrupt President and his crooked advisors. Will constitutional rights be thrown out the window when Galactic Traders come to town?

Alien Abduction 		Book 1 in the Alcantaran Series
Ron Calvin, Tik Michi and Gusissi 'Gus' Ugde Ghaolh were kidnapped from their home planets and forced to work as slave laborers. Using their special talents, they opened and learned to fly an ancient Alcantaran space ship the Bugs found floating in space. They escape and the adventures begin as they learn secrets of the ancient ship. Alien Abduction is the first in the series The Alcantarans.

The Alcantaran Key 	Book 2 in the Alcantaran Series
All Ron, Gus and Tik wanted to do was to get back to their home planets to see their families but when people threaten their friends or trade, they have a tendency to forget trading and home while they take care of the problem. When their friends Kota and Zibo disappear in an area filled with space pirates, they go into action which pushed them to "The Key". Will it become a curse or blessing?

Portal to the Stars 	Book 3 in the Alcantaran Series
Ron, Gus and Tik now have the Alcantaran Key. They have a wealth of technology far beyond most people's imagination. They want to put some of this technology to work and return to trading but the Bugs are at it again. They and their allies are threatening Earth and Vesta IV. The trio has had enough. It was time to teach aggressors that messing with their planets comes with dire consequences.

Chartura 		Book 4 in the Alcantaran Series
Elevin Shi was tasked with an impossible job. He had to find some answers on a distant backward planet but there was trouble in the Charter Alliance Intelligence Service. He couldn't even get a decent briefing. He had to turn to his personal network of spies for help. This trouble could spell the end of the Charter Alliance but could they get the answers in time? Would they live through it?

Seeds of Change 		A short story in the Alcantaran Series
Zendo had learned from the star traders and they had given him money to expand his trading business. He was anxious to earn some money, so he could get married. He hired his cousin, Puri and they started on the trade route. Events along the way unwittingly led Zendo and Puri to help spread seeds of change.

The Recruiter 		A short story in the Alcantaran Series
All Kota and Zibo wanted to do was to start a family and to make a living, using the space ship freighter that Kota had salvaged. Some idiot bureaucrat wanted them to be super spies for the Charter Alliance. They turned him down! His boss was more persuasive but they still didn't want to be spies. They just wanted to trade. Circumstances didn't give them a choice.

The Summons 		Book 5 in the Alcantaran Series.
What nerve. Earth had been blockaded by warships from Uyoki and almost invaded by the Bugs, the Hanami Federation and pirates. Ron, Gus, Tik and their families with a little help from the Dar Es Salaam Traders had defeated all of them and then spent a month rescuing survivors from the battle. This should have been a major boost to the Charter Alliance but instead they had summoned the trio and Earth officials to answer to charges of starting a galactic war. Would the Charter Alliance try to take away their space travel? Could the trio and their friends satisfy those who had brought the charges or would they wind up as a rouge solar system locked out of the Charter Alliance and their trading space?

Harvest of Change 	Book 6 in the Alcantaran Series
Zendo wanted to be out in the countryside trading. He needed to make money so he could marry Illy and also he had a debt to the star traders. The Sultan interrupted his plans when the troops messed with Zendo's customers and came after him. It was time to put a stop to this nonsense. But how could two ordinary citizens stop a well-armed army? What would the star traders do? How would the four young maidens from under the sea enter in to this conflict? It was time for action as the country erupted into civil war and Zendo became the key to end it.

Alcantaran Secrets	Book 7 in the Alcantaran series
Star traders Ron Calvin, Tik Michi and Gus Ghaolh came to Fen Avholog to attend a wedding and make a few relaxing, profitable trades.  Then the Nodac-Liujia and Hanami Federation enemies arrived.  Ancient Alcantaran secrets, old enemies and a new danger threaten to overwhelm the space traders.  Can they unwind these secrets and nullify their enemies before their lives are forfeited?

Dragon's Healing 	Book 1 in Dragon's Healing series.
A wounded dragon from another dimension shows up in Mac McGuiness' hunting spot. He could forgive that but not bringing the disgusting other creatures with him, especially when those brutes kidnap his grandson. Can Mac and the dragon form a partnership to run the monsters back into their own dimension and get Kelly back? Will either survive?

Golden Vengeance 	A Western short story in the Lucky Dawson series.
Lucky Dawson knew that he should have just kept on riding. How could a little conversation, a meal and a card game lead to a hanging. His hanging to be exact. In 1875, Montanans didn't like card cheats but he wasn't one. He was just, well, lucky. The other players didn't think so and that started the ordeal.

Battle For No Man's Land 	A Western short story
Slim Raymond had a good business and a good wife but he couldn't measure up to his father-in-law. He talked his wife into moving to a new land where the land was free for the taking. The only problem was holding on to it. If Mother Nature or the insects or the animals didn't try to get it back, there were the Road Trotters. They were the worst animals of all.
Fred's Question 		A short story
Dragons, a window awning and a virgin. What would they have to do with an unrequited high school love? How would asking Fred's question help James Armstrong overcome his shyness and actually ask his old high school crush, Julie Ann Wagoner, out? A short story showing love can sometimes conquer all.

The Dare 		A short story
Sometimes, a gorgeous blonde with blue eyes just shouldn't be allowed in a bar. Especially if some of the men have been drinking and one of them dares the other. She can be the tipping point where the idiot accepts the dare. Some dares hurt a lot more than others.

A Ray of Hope 		A romance novel
A romantic mystery telling the story of Ginny Morgan. Pregnant at sixteen and scorned by her father, she makes more bad choices. Life slapped her down even farther and now gang members have followed her to Kalispell, Montana. An encounter with a friendly policeman and group of people helping those slapped down by life, offers a chance to turn her life in a different direction. Can she start over and raise her three-year old daughter here? How will the handsome Marine, Mike Scott fit into her new life? Can she evade the gang and find out why they are chasing her?

The Mizzouri Kid Birth of a Gunfighter 		Book 1 in the Mizzouri Kid Series
John was a fifteen year old with a talent for horses, mules and guns. He met Shorty who taught him a new way to use a gun. They ran into some of the worst of the Indian Nation's bad men. The bad men found misery from the Mizzouri Kid as John and Shorty rescue the beautiful Dorothy but will the fiery red-head come between partners and destroy a friendship or will she build John's reputation?



A selection from Wanted  The Hunters

By Terry Compton


Chapter 1


Josh Gunn sat at a table in the rear of the dimly lit tavern, his six-foot two-inch muscular frame hunched over – waiting.  The thin white scar that started just below his left eye and ended along his jaw made people glance in his direction but turn away before he noticed them.  Haze from the smoke of different types of pipes, narcotic cylinders and other tightly rolled bundles of cured plant leaves drifted through the open room, obscuring his vision.
The screech of the instruments made him clench his jaw and squint his eyes.  Strangely shaped horns and percussion instruments added to the discordant noise.  Two singers crooned in a foreign tongue adding to the weird alien feel of the place.
The sight of a six-foot Sigiamun creature which looked like a giant upright grasshopper captured his attention, the two bright red slashes on his throat marking him as a male of the species.  The male didn't come in his direction but staggered to the right to settle into a booth with two females of his species.  A series of clicks and squawks barely carried over the noise from the band.
He thought he caught a whiff of exotic perfume, but it was hard to tell with the other unknown odors wafting in his direction.  Lifting the glass of golden liquid sitting in front of him, he took a sip as his eyes continued to wander over the other strangely shaped denizens in the place.
The pain in his eyes lessened as a slight smile touched his lips when he saw what he waited for coming through the door.  A tall blue android with subdued lights twinkling beneath the surface of his skin walked toward him.  His crooked right arm hung close to the blaster at his side.
As the android walked to his table, his eyes roved the room taking in the different creatures there.  In just a few seconds the android, Cherry Kang, Josh's partner, sat down in a chair next to him.  Both partners could now see both doors into the tavern.
Josh leaned close to speak over the uproar in the place, "Did you get it done?"
"Yes, but next time you have to go.  That stupid banker didn't want to work with me and then when he saw that we only had four thousand credits to deposit, he really threw a fit."
"I'd like to see his eyes when we start moving the credits from those two ships in there.  What about the credit registry for Belle?"
"We'll get it tomorrow.  It cost us eight hundred credits to be installed.  I think we're getting ripped off.  The people around here don't have to worry about pirates coming in spaceships.  They're sitting over there in that bank."
Josh grinned, "As soon as they get it installed, I'll try to move some of the parts we have on Belle.  That should fatten up our account."
Cherry grimaced, "For a few hours anyway.  We still need some parts for Belle.  Have you seen the Captain's contact yet?"
"No.  We've got to find our own contacts here.  I may have to spend some of our credits on drinks to loosen some tongues."
A tall thin four-legged Gamik stepped through the door of the tavern.  Its slim build along with the fronds waving on its head made it look like a willowy moving tree.  A purple cloak, tied tightly around its neck swept almost to the floor.  A belt held two pouches and a weapon.  Its eyes darted from wall to wall, taking in each being there as it slowly walked deeper into the room.  Josh saw its eyes make contact with them and its face brighten.
It walked up to their table and announced, "My name is Ferdin.  I am a friend of the Captain."
Josh waved his hand at a chair.  "Have a seat.  You want something to drink?"
The alien nodded as it sat down.  "It's noisy in here."
"Makes it harder for other people to hear our business."
"You're right.  I never thought of that.  I like to come here for the music."
Cherry glanced at Josh and rolled his eyes.  The alien reached inside of his jacket and looked up to see two blaster muzzles poking over the edge of the table.  The neck muscles visibly contracted as it gulped.
With a quivery voice, it asked, "Are you two a little jumpy or what?"
Josh said, "No, just cautious.  We don't know you.  You claim to be an associate of the Captain, but how do we know?  How is the furry little scoundrel?"
"When I talked to him an hour ago, he seemed fine."
Cherry's knee nudged Josh under the table.  The muzzles of their blasters disappeared under the table.  His eyes directed Josh to four newcomers.  Three female Waltrok and one brightly feathered male slowly strolled into the tavern.  The male had his claws on two of the females directing them along.  Josh saw their eyes searching the crowd inside.  Movement from the male drew his attention.
The Waltrok tried to hide his right arm behind one of the females, but Josh saw the blaster slide out of its holster.  The male's eyes stared malevolently at them.  The quartet started walking toward their table.
Josh said, "I see them.  Cherry, if this sorry excuse for a troll even twitches, burn his legs off then his arms.  We'll leave him alive to wiggle around on his belly like the snake he is."
Josh lurched to his feet.  He staggered as though intoxicated.  His unsteady steps led him toward the four who had just entered the tavern.  A step away from them he tripped and fell into the one on the left.  She fell, hitting the others like a bowling pin hit by a ball.
The ensuing tangle of bodies knocked the male and one of the females to the floor.  Josh held on to the other two, slamming them into each other.  The air whooshed out of their lungs and they stooped over, trying to get their breath.
Holding his left hand out to the male, Josh pulled him up as he jammed his blaster into his gut.  Slurring his words, he loudly proclaimed, "I'm sorry.  Are you alright?"  Quieter, he said, "Make one wrong move and all of you are dead.  Gather the ladies and let's go find an empty table."
His left hand reached for the man's exposed blaster.  Josh used it to covertly shove one of the females forward.  The other blaster in his right hand pointed at the male.  He directed them to a booth on Cherry's left.  A single Sigiamun sat hunched over nursing a drink.  Josh shoved a female, then the male and then the other two females into the booth.
The drinking alien looked up at him.  When he saw the two blasters in Josh's hands, his eyes grew.  He stammered, "I – uh – think you need this booth more than me."
Josh pointed the blaster at the male sandwiched between the females, "Give him five credits for his trouble."
The male's lip lifted in a snarl until Josh aimed the blaster at his right arm.  His hand started to move below the table until Josh said, "Very carefully.  I'd hate to see these fine ladies splattered with your blood."
The drinker stared at him as his eighteen fingers drummed the table top.  The other male stared at him for a few seconds then his eyes shifted to the table.  His hand slowly reached into a jacket pocket.  He pulled out a gold coin.  "All I've got is a fifty credit coin."
"That'll do just fine.  Give it to him."
The gold coin slid across the table.  The drinker grabbed it and said, "Thanks, mister.  I'm outta here."
He shoved himself up from the booth with one of his four arms.  A long tail helped steady him as he shuffled toward the door.  His head never turned until he hit the door, then he snuck a quick look back at his former booth.  The door slowly swung shut behind him as he picked up speed, moving out of sight.
Josh slid into the opposite side of the booth.  The four on the other side were squished in like fishes in a can.  The male rested both his arms on top of the table.  Both blasters went under the table.  The bartender looked in his direction and he shook his head no.
Once seated, he shoved the table tighter against the four.  Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Cherry stand up and take Ferdin toward the back door.  Laying the male's blaster on the seat beside him, he shifted his blaster to his left hand.  He drew a vibro-knife out of its sheath.  When he flicked it on, the quartets eyes widened in shock at the sound.
Josh quietly said, "Now, I think you need to tell me what your intentions were."
The male protested in a whiney voice, "What do you mean what our intentions are?  We just came in for a drink and to listen to the —"
The sound of the vibro-knife working on the table and the tip of the blade appearing between the Waltrok's folded arms stopped the flow of words from his mouth.  The females drew back until Josh said, "The next one that moves will be minus something below the table.  I can't really see what I'm aiming at but the blaster doesn't care."
The quartet of aliens turned several shades paler as they stared at him.  Josh said, "Now, let's start over.  What were you going to do?  Who sent you?"  Looking at the female crammed into the corner straight in the eye, Josh said, "You, answer me.  Lie to me again and it'll cause some unpleasant consequences."
The female rolled her eyes, trying to see her companions without turning her head.  Her tongue came out of her mouth to lick her lips.  She stammered, "Ah – um – it's like he —"
The vibro-knife came out from under the table in a flash.  The end of her little finger popped off and landed in the middle of the table.  The female took one look at it and wilted against the wall.  The male had to use his elbow to keep her in the booth.
The rest of the quartet stared in open mouthed disbelief at the growing pool of purple blood pooling on the table.  Josh reached over with the knife and cut a piece of the male's sleeve off.  He wadded it up around the finger.
Using the back of the knife, he slowly moved the piece of finger around on the table.  Three sets of eyes followed his every movement.  Josh pointed at the female jammed in next to the male.  "You, answer me."
She glanced to her left at the female at the end of the booth.  The one at the end kept her eyes on the bit of finger.  Finally, the Waltrok Josh had pointed at said, "Please, don't cut off any more.  We don't regenerate like some species."
"Answer the question."
She looked to the left again, then not seeing any sign said, "Someone at the spaceport offered us a thousand credits to watch for an old spaceship.  They wanted us to discretely find out about them.  You're the first old ship that's landed…"
Her voice drifted off as the female on the end pushed against her.  Josh pointed at her, "Put your bag here on the table."
She stared at him for a few seconds then did as he said.  Josh moved the tip of the knife closer to the male.  He said, "Very carefully, get your friend's ID, wallet, comm and any weapons.  Move like you expect this thing to bite you.  Put everything in her bag."
The male glared at him but slowly moved his right hand to comply.  When he started to drop the grip on his left hand, Josh shook his head no.  The male's lips tightened into a straight line.  His right hand roved over the female's body, pulling the things Josh had ordered onto the table top, then into the bag.
The female didn't move the entire time.  As he finished, Josh told him to put his own ID, wallet, comm and weapons in the bag.  When he finished, the bag bulged.  Josh pulled a small bottle out of a special pocket on his left sleeve.  Popping the lid with his left hand, he poured a little liquid into the male's palm.
Motioning him to grab the unconscious female's hand, he dribbled a little more liquid on the table top.  He had the man lay his hand in the liquid.  Next, he had the female lay her bag on the table and put her weapons in it.  One he was sure he had everything, he dribbled some more of the liquid in her palm.
Forcing her to grasp the male's hand, he put more liquid on the table and pushed the back of his hand into it.  Trickling a little more on the table, he pushed her other hand into it.  Taking the bottle, he brushed a little of the liquid across her lips.
Josh said, "Kiss that toad.  Let's see if he'll turn into a prince."
The female's eyes widened but she reluctantly complied.  The male tried to resist until Josh moved the knife closer to his hand.  Josh said, "Now hold that pose until I tell you differently."
Josh closed the lid on the bottle and shoved it back into its special pocket.  He put the male's weapon in the second bag, then picked both up with his left hand.  Using the knife, he motioned for the last female to get to her feet.  Josh said, "I wouldn't try anything.  I won't kill you but I will cut your spinal cord.  Since you don't regenerate, I suspect you'll be in a wheelchair the rest of your life."
Her eyes widened in terror.  As Josh stood, the other female and male tried to move and break their kiss.  Their lips stayed together and their hands stayed flat on the table.  The two struggled to get apart.  Josh grinned and pushed the female towards the rear of the tavern.
Cherry appeared at the door.  He raised his eyebrows as Josh prodded the female forward.  His eyes drifted to the table to see one female Waltrok slumped against the wall and the other two aliens struggling.  He asked, "What did you do?"
"I just found the boss here and I didn't want to kill the other three, so I left them there at the table."
"How long will they stay?"
"Quite awhile.  I put the super glue we use to mend you in their hands and on the table.  I put a dab on the female and made them kiss."
Cherry chuckled, "Yep, they'll be there quite awhile.  What are you going to do with this one?"
"I have some more questions and she didn't look like she would cooperate.  We need to take her somewhere private.  Some place that screams won't be noticed."
The Waltrok paled and almost stumbled.  Cherry grabbed her arm as he hustled her out the rear exit.  Josh asked, "Where's the idiot you brought out here?"
"Over there a little ways.  I'll tell you later what I found.  Let's take care of this first."
"Be careful.  I don't think I got all her weapons."
The female whipped her hand up with a small blaster in it as she tried to turn to bring it to bear on them.  Cherry reacted without thinking.  A small device appeared in his hand which went to the female's neck.
A blue arc of electricity leaped and she folded into a heap.  Josh stepped up next to her and picked up the weapon.  He searched her and found a knife hidden in the dress she wore.  Cherry picked her up, then slung her across his shoulder.
Josh asked, "Where to now?  We need some privacy to question her.  What did you find out from the idiot?"
"He overheard the comm call from the Captain.  He doesn't know for sure what we're looking for but he hoped to cut himself in on some of the loot."
Josh rubbed his chin, "Maybe we can use him as one of our contacts.  We just need to put the fear in him, then offer him a little reward."
"Yeah, like his life.  He'll wait.  I have him stashed in a safe place.  It might do him good to think about the error of his ways."
Cherry led the way to a cross alley.  Turning right, he walked until he came to a door which he pushed open.  Stepping into a dim room, Josh saw a glimmer of sunlight coming through a dirty window.  Most of the room was bare except for a bench against the far wall.  Two other doors stood to his left.
Walking across the room, Cherry deposited the female on the bench.  He opened a pouch on his belt.  Pulling some ties out, he soon had her secured to the bench.  At last he relaxed a little.  Cherry asked, "Why do we have her here?"
"She's the leader of the bunch that came in.  The others wanted me to think the male was but everyone kept looking to her.  I'd like to have all four of them to put in separate rooms.  Then we could compare stories to see who the best liar is."
"So what's their story?"
"One of the females said someone at the spaceport paid them a thousand credits to keep tabs on older spaceships.  I guess Belle is the oldest one that's been in here in quite a spell.  They were supposed to discretely find out about the ships.  I don't know what their definition of discrete is but I'm glad they're not working for us."
"We need to nip this in the bud.  If we don't, we'll have every two bit hood trying to take us.  Can we make this so costly to them that nobody will think about checking us out for less than 50,000 credits?"
"I think so, after she answers a few questions.  I don't think it will be safe to go back into that tavern.  I'm sure these dimwits will try to catch us in there.  There'll be shooting and you'll be afraid we'll mess up the timeline."
Cherry glared at him, "You know we're five hundred years in the past.  Anything we do here could mess up the timeline.  We can't afford to start randomly killing people."
"I know, but I won't let scum like this threaten us."
"I agree.  Just be cautious and don't kill anyone unless we absolutely have to.  Now, who do you think paid them a thousand credits?"
"You know who as well as I do – Exurbiu Entertainment.  They are the only ones who even know we're in this era."
"Maybe someone else had a run in with an older ship."
Josh grinned, "Yeah, right.  If you believe that, I've got this tropical paradise to sell you."
"Then let's get this done.  We need to work on the other idiot.  I've got him safely stowed in that closet."
"Wait a minute.  I have an idea.  Let me dump these bags, then we need to go through them."
With the weapons, comms and other junk on the end of the bench at the female's head, Josh and Cherry combed through everything.  At last Josh said, "There's not much here to go on.  Let's use that little worm in the closet to track down information about them.  We'll see how good he is at ferreting out information."
"How you going to keep him from just running?"
Josh grinned, "Help me put this stuff back in the bags.  Leave that knife out.  Now, go get him."
Josh worked his comm while Cherry went to the closet.  When Cherry drug the quivering Gamik back towards Josh, he stopped to stare.  The female now lay in a pool of blood with her chest and abdomen ripped open.  Looking closer, Cherry saw that it was a 3D image laid over the woman.
The alien took one look and turned to spew his guts on the floor.  Cherry jerked him upright and shoved him closer to the supposed body.  Josh said, "Come over here."
When Ferdin stood beside him on quivering knees, Josh shoved the knife in his hand.  He said, "Stand here.  Hold the knife like this."
Then Josh stepped out of the way.  He said, "Cherry, take his picture for posterity."
Cherry brought up his comm to start snapping pictures.  Ferdin's hand shook like a leaf in a high breeze.  Josh stepped into the line of sight and adjusted his hand with the knife.  Stepping back, he had Cherry take more pictures.
Josh asked, "Cherry, do you have his comm number?"
"I have his comm here in my pouch."
"Take his number down and give it back to him."
Josh walked up to the alien and took the knife from his hand.  He held it with a piece of the female's clothing.  Laying it down, he carefully wrapped it in the rag.  Ferdin stared at him in uncertainty.
Josh said, "Ferdin, that's your name isn't it?"
"Uh – ah – yes."
"Listen to me very carefully.  Your life depends on it.  I have four IDs that I want you to find out about.  You have about three hours.  We'll call you and tell you where to meet us."
"But – but what if I can't?"
"Then I turned these pictures over to the cops and to that woman's partners."
Ferdin whispered, "They'll kill me.  I didn't do it.  She was already laying there all butchered."
Josh chuckled ominously, "Do you think they or the cops will believe you?  Your only chance is to get the information and meet us."
Dropping the four IDs in his hand, Josh shoved him at Cherry.  Cherry slapped his comm in his hand and said, "You'd better get moving.  The clock is ticking."
Ferdin looked from Josh to Cherry, then to the female.  He gulped and almost ran from the room.  Cherry looked at Josh and had to hold himself as he tried to laugh quietly.
He asked, "Do you think he'll answer our call?"
"Do you think he believed the image?"
"Oh, yes.  No doubt about that."
Josh grinned, "Then he'll answer our call.  Come on.  We need to get some answers from her."


Chapter 2


Two and a half hours later, Josh and Cherry were satisfied they had wrung all the answers out of the female they could without more sophisticated equipment.  As they expected, the ones wanting the information was Exurbiu Entertainment.
Josh said, "We must have them worried if they're paying scum like this to check us out.  I'm ready to kick some butt."
"We have a few other things to do first.  We need to clean out those accounts and see if the Captain has gotten any more information from that Exurbiu Entertainment lieutenant.  I'd like to clean his accounts out, too.  That would hurt them as much as kicking them."
"I didn't mean literally kick them – well, I'd do that too if I could.  I want to see them squirm and start making mistakes."
Cherry pointed at the female on the bench, "What about her?"
"I'll glue one hand to the bench, then I have some ideas to keep them busy for quite some time.  We'll need to talk to Ferdin first though."
Cherry walked to the bench and cut the ties that bound the female.  Josh took his bottle and put a small amount of the liquid on the back of her hand.  Holding it to the bench for a few seconds, he tested it.  Her hand wouldn't move.
Picking up a comm unit, Cherry powered it down, then shoved it in a bag.  Picking up the next one, he did the same.  He powered down each of the four, then picked up the two bags.
The two strolled out of the alley like they didn't have a care in the world.  In a few minutes, they walked into a busier street.  Spotting a tavern that didn't look as busy as the one they had left a few hours ago, they headed for it.
Inside, they ordered some non-alcoholic beverages.  After they found a seat near the back, Cherry called Ferdin.  He agreed to meet them in the tavern in an hour.  When Cherry asked about how his research had gone, he simply said he would explain when he got there.
Cherry said, "I don't think we've scared him enough yet.  A simple yes or no that he'd found something out would have been sufficient."
"Maybe when he sees what happens to the quartet that tried to take us, he'll change his mind."
Before the conversation could progress, an older, stooped alien slipped into the tavern.  His eyes darted around the room before he sidled up to some patrons at the bar.  Josh couldn't hear what he said so Cherry had to tell him.
Cherry said, "He's offering to sell a map showing where there's an old junkyard of ancient spaceships.  He's trying to convince them that the parts alone would be worth hundreds of thousands of credits.  Uh – oh, I think he's about to get punched.  That big one doesn't want to be bothered."
Josh stood and sauntered towards the group.  As he reached them, the big alien started to swing on the older one.  Josh blocked the swing and pulled the old man out of the way.  The big alien snarled, "You better watch your manners.  I don't take kindly to someone interrupting me."
"I think you'd better watch your manners.  If you'd have hit him, he'd have crashed into me.  If I thought you were attacking, I might have shot you."
"Do you know who I am?"
Josh shook his head and grinned, "Nope, do you know who I am?"
This confused the big alien.  He looked at his friends and then back to Josh.  The big man said, "Take that piece of garbage and get out of my way.  I don't want any trouble.  I just want my drink."
"The same here."  Josh grabbed the old man by the elbow and guided him back to their table.  He asked, "Are you thirsty?  Have a drink with us."
A wrinkled face looked back at Josh.  The eyes squinted as they tried to decide what he was up to.  At last the old man told Josh what he wanted to drink.  He sat down, eyeing Cherry carefully.
When the drinks came, the old man took a sip then said, "Thanks for the drink and for keeping me from getting decked.  That guy would have put the boots to me once I hit the floor.  I'm just not up to that anymore."
Josh grinned, "Is anyone ever ready for that?  Who is that guy?"
The old man's eyes widened, "You don't know?  Why did you step in then?"
"I didn't want a disturbance in here.  Besides, I don't like bullies."
"That's the head enforcer for Naklon.  He's one mean —"
"Then why did you bother him?"
"He's the only one with enough money to buy my map."
Cherry said, "Map to what?  A new gold mine or fission materials?"
"Naw, to a junkyard of ancient spaceships.  You guys want to buy the map?"
Josh asked, "Are you hungry?  We were just thinking of ordering something to eat.  We'll buy your supper if you can tell us a good tale about that map."
"It's a deal.  If you'll let me finish, you'll gladly pay to get a look at it."
Josh ordered food and more drinks.  As they waited, the old man introduced himself.  "I'm Kivy Warstis.  I used to be a navigator on a trader until pirates jumped us and destroyed our ship.  They took every bit of our cargo.  If a Charter Navy warship hadn't of happened along, I wouldn't be here to tell my story."
Cherry asked, "Why are you trying to sell the map?"
"I want to raise some money so I can get back there.  I think there's a ship or two that could be pieced together.  I'd like to be a captain of my own ship someday."
Josh grinned at him, "You mean you've got a better map to another supposed junkyard?"
The old man just ducked his head, then reached for his drink.  Josh and Cherry chuckled.  Josh said, "Kivy, you were going to tell us a wild tale about your map for your supper."
"So I was.  It happened about twenty years ago.  I had just started out as a deckhand on an old trader.  We mostly hit two or three solar systems across the galaxy.  The captain happened to be a very cautious man.  He wouldn't take hardly any risks.  We made wages and that's about it."
Kivy took a drink before continuing.  "I was looking to move to a different ship.  I didn't want to see the same six or seven planets all my spacing days.  Then it happened.  Our old ship blew out a gravity compensator."
The old man's eyes dimmed as he shook his head.  "It was bad for a month until we made port.  Half the crew was sick with space sickness.  It didn't bother me too much so I had to do my job plus nursemaid a bunch of the crew.  Then I wound up doing their jobs, too.  I'll tell you what, I didn't get much shut-eye on that flight."
The food came and the old man stuffed his mouth too full to talk.  Josh and Cherry looked at one another wondering when he'd had his last meal.  It didn't take him long to polish off the plate full of food.  When he did, he wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, then grabbed his drink to take a big swig.
"Where was I?  Oh, I remember.  We lost the gravity compensator and limped into port.  The captain didn't have enough credits to fix it, or even to get a used one.  A lot of the crew were thinking of abandoning him, but for some reason, I stuck it out.  We finally lost about a third of the crew."
His hand went to his glass to take a drink but he noticed it was empty.  Josh raised his hand to the bartender to get him another one.  Kivy continued, "Well, after those rats left, the captain came up with a special shipment.  It needed zero gravity.  I don't think we ever knew for sure what it was."
When the drink arrived, he gulped some down.  "We met a ship in orbit and loaded it into our cargo bay.  The rumors were flying.  Had the breakdown changed our captain's character?  This seemed too risky for him.
"We took off for one of the backwater planets in a different system than we normally traded with.  It would take us six hyper-jumps to get there.  We had three of them under our belt when it happened.
"When we came back into normal space to get our bearings, there sat three pirates just waiting for us.  Now, that captain didn't take many risks, but that didn't mean he was a dummy.  No, siree.  He screamed for the navigator to get a reading and get ready to jump.  He headed our ship straight for those birds of prey.
"We were inside their weapons range before they even realized what was happening.  They had to scramble to get out of the way of our ship.  The captain didn't even slow down.  As soon as the navigator had his bearings and the next part of the jump plotted, the captain jumped.
"While we were in hyper-space, he had the navigator plot a jump inside the next solar system.  Inside the system, mind you.  We popped into normal space, the navigator took a quick reading, tweaked his plot a little, then we jumped.
"Wound up close to an uninhabitable planet.  The captain swung our ship around it and stopped.  A few hours later, here came the same three pirates.  They searched for us for three days, but we were hidden on the planet's moon.
"That's where I got my start as a navigator.  I'd always been pretty fair with math and our assistant navigator was one of the crew who left.  The captain had about worn that poor navigator out.  I helped him out until the captain caught us.  When the captain checked my plots, he made me the assistant.
"Anyway, while I took some bearings, I had a chance to sight see.  I happened to look at the planet.  Lo and behold, there it was.  The biggest junkyard I'd ever seen.  I put those coordinates in my personal log and didn't say a thing to anyone else.  Figured I could come back some day to get my own ship.
"Well, when the pirates left, we jumped to our destination.  Off-loaded the cargo and got our money.  I got an extra share because I'd done so good with the plots.  The best payday I ever had with that captain.
"I worked for him for five more years until that old ship just plain wore out.  The captain had a little money set aside so he sold it for junk and retired.  I moved on to another ship."
Josh and Cherry chuckled.  Josh said, "That's a good enough story for your supper and drinks."
Kivy asked, "You want to buy the map?  It's only five thousand credits.  You could make ten thousand times that…"
Cherry laughed, "But the map you're selling doesn't lead to your junkyard, does it?"
"Hmmmp, you'll have to pay up to find out."
As Josh and Cherry laughed, they saw Ferdin walk through the door.  Cherry said, "There's someone we need to talk to in private.  If you have some more stories, maybe we can buy you another drink later."
"I need to go to the 'fresher anyway.  Thanks for the meal and saving my hide.  Just watch out for that ugly lummox there at the bar."
He wandered toward the back as Ferdin came to the table.  Ferdin asked, "What's that con artist doing here?  Did he try to sell you one of his sure fire get rich maps?  Maybe one of his solid gold or silver asteroids?"
Josh laughed, "Yep."
"You didn't buy it, did you?"
"Nope, I come by my money too hard to waste it on something like that."
"Good, I can get you better maps that have a better chance of paying out."
Cherry changed the subject, "What did you find out?"
Ferdin nervously looked around the room, "They're all small time criminals.  The male has a history of armed robbery, extortion and is a generally bad boy.  The females aren't much better.  So far, they don't have any ties to the bigger families, but my contacts said it was only a matter of time."
Josh grinned, "Then being found glued to a table might set that time table back a little?"
"Yeah and they'll be wanting to get revenge."
Cherry said, "Josh, I hope your plan includes making it hot for them around here."
"It does.  Ferdin, what else can you tell us about them?"
Before he could answer, a smaller male led two very large males into the tavern.  The room dropped to a deathly stillness.  Ferdin glanced over his shoulder and scrunched down, trying to become invisible.
Josh watched as the three walked up to the big man he'd had words with.  The others edged away as they had a conversation.  Josh asked, "Who is that?  Why's everybody moving away from them?"
Ferdin looked at him like he had two heads.  "That's Naklon, head of the most powerful family here on Vadir.  One wave of his hand and you and all your family just disappear, never to be heard of again.  No cop would even dare to investigate."
Cherry looked at Josh, "Josh, don't even think about using him.  We have some things to do here.  You wouldn't…"
"Cherry, Cherry, do I look completely crazy.  We just need to know about the locals so we can function."
"I know you.  You can't stir up a planetary mess.  Remember when we are and who we are."
Josh grinned at him, "I remember.  I'm going to just sit here and finish my drink.  Ferdin is going to tell us more about the nice gentleman, then we can go to the bank to get some credits.  If Kivy is still around, maybe he can tell us another tale."
Cherry frowned.  He started to say something but just closed his mouth into a thin line.  His eyes glared at Josh.
Josh said, "Ferdin, tell us more about him and how his organization operates."
Ferdin kept glancing over his shoulder as he told what he knew.  The man ran gambling casinos, prostitution rings, dealt drugs and had his fingers in about every illegal, immoral and unethical endeavor on the continent.
When the man and his body guards moved from the bar, Ferdin almost swallowed his tongue.  He furtively kept his eye on them until they left.  In a few minutes the big man followed behind them.
Josh said, "Did you find out where the sticky quartet lives?"
Ferdin looked at him with a question in his eyes.  Cherry rolled his.  Josh said, "The four who tried to jump us.  Where do they live?"
"Yeah, I've got addresses on all four.  Why?"
"We need to pay them a visit – after we get to the bank to pull out some credits from their accounts."
Josh stood and led them outside.  As they stepped through the door, a very fancy vehicle slid down the street.  Ferdin hunched over.  Josh asked, "What's so special about that vehicle?"
"That's Naklon's vehicle.  Everyone here recognizes it."
Josh asked, "Where does he hang out?  Does he have a business address?  How about his home?"
Ferdin reluctantly supplied him with the addresses and directions.  Ferdin led them to a late-hours bank.  He refused to go in, so Josh and Cherry went inside.  Josh opened another account and pulled everything out of the quartets accounts.  He deposited it in the new account.
When they stepped out on the sidewalk, Ferdin nervously glanced both ways before he joined them.  He said, "I've done everything you've asked.  Don't you think it's time to give me all the pictures?"
Josh smiled at Cherry, "What pictures would that be, Ferdin?"
"You know.  The ones you took – ah – umm – back at that empty room."
"You have a few more tasks before I think you've earned them.  Let's get to the quartets living quarters."

Ferdin drove them in his vehicle to the apartment of the leader.  He sat in the vehicle drumming his fingers on the steering control while Josh and Cherry went up the stairs.  Cherry found the door and worked his android magic to open the electronic lock.
The two quickly searched the apartment.  Cherry found a small safe in the bedroom and opened it.  Inside, he stared at the jewelry.  Leaving the safe open, he continued to search.  Near the bed he found a weapons cache.
He said, "Josh, you found anything yet?  I've got jewelry and weapons."
"She's got some pretty neat original artwork.  How does someone with an eight thousand credit bank account afford something like this?"
"You think it's stolen?"
"I don't know.  Hmmm, here's something else interesting.  A collection of videos with a lot of different names on them.  I think we need Ferdin up here."
"What are you going to do?"
"Take all of the artwork, jewelry and weapons.  If these are local people being blackmailed, which I suspect they are, I'm taking all of these videos, as well."
"What are you going to do with it?"
"I'm sure they have some sort of charity working with down and out spacers.  They'll get the artwork and jewelry.  The videos, I'll see.  The weapons, we'll take back to Belle.  We can upgrade ours and anything we don't want, we'll leave back on the asteroid."
Cherry called Ferdin to the apartment.  When Ferdin entered the apartment, he looked like he expected venomous snakes or spiders to jump out at him.  Josh called him over.  "Look at these names.  Recognize any of them?"
"That one, that one, wow, she's a prominent politician.  What's on those things?"
Josh said, "I don't know.  We'll find out later.  Grab a blanket from the bedroom and start wrapping up the things I point out.  Load them in your vehicle."
"No way.  If I get caught with that stuff, those goons will be after me."
"Don't get caught.  You'd better get moving before she gets loose."
The three of them cleared out the valuables and moved on to the male's apartment.  They stripped it just like the first.  When the last item had been loaded, Josh said, "Take us to our vehicle."
Ferdin asked, "What are we going to do with this stuff?"
"Part of it goes in our vehicle.  You're going to take the rest of it to the charity that takes care of down and out spacers."
"What'll I tell them about where it comes from?"
Cherry snickered, "I'm sure you can think of something.  When you're through, find the Captain's contact you eavesdropped on and set up a meeting for us tomorrow afternoon.  Make sure it's not in either tavern we were in today."
"But, but how am I supposed to know about him?"
Josh said, "Maybe your crystal ball told you.  Let's go."
Ferdin muttered to himself the entire way to their vehicle.  Josh stayed with him as Cherry hopped out to get theirs.  Driving to an empty alley, they transferred the weapons and videos.  Cherry said, "Don't forget.  Tomorrow afternoon.  We want a meeting.  There'll be something for you if we get what we want.  Also, we want a receipt for this stuff you give away.  Wouldn't want it to wind up in someone's trash."
Ferdin drove off muttering to himself.  Josh and Cherry headed back to Belle to get rid of the weapons and videos.  Josh said, "We need to pick up a few things, then go calling."
"I don't like the sound of that.  Where are we calling?"
"You'll see in a couple of hours."

Go to www.terrrysbooks.com to find links to purchase this book and to see new works that will be coming.

