War of Mars: I am a clone 1
Edenia Series by Beth Hoyer

Unabridged “I am Lance Richard, Deity Lord’s” file story with Editing as Brandis the Record Keeper and somewhat unedited story file included.
Copyright Smashwords 2017

Acknowledgement:
“I, Brandis the Record Keeper keep on getting Zerra the Meritanian blaring the wording of ‘Jinks Montreal, being cloned!’ onto me and another word ‘Remember him!’
She keeps on saying that into some insisting, tone annoying me. I’m not entirely sure of what’s so special about this wording, I keep on getting. I don’t get it the name Jinks rhymes with inks, despite hearing a faint roaring noise of anger whenever thinking of the ink wording. Ugh. I might as well do what’s she’s blaring onto me and think of the name Jinks Montreal and hope I have an enough writing paper to write down his story.” 

“From what I remember despite Zerra keeps on telling me ‘You’re to not focus onto Jinks Montreal’s clones being manipulated by the High Council.’ 
Ugh. Memory started with a conversation between Barry and this female, named Elina involving a talk with karate from what I remember involving one clone of Jinks Montreal. 
I despite thinking to myself ‘I’m a clone but cloned of who?’”

Barry spoke “You have any training in what Humans dub Karate?”
Jinks from memory appeared to scrutiny eyed Elina, who kept staring at Barry. 
She spoke “I have been trained to get out of being attacked and trapped by people from learning about karate in school as a youngster. I can still recall the movements enough to use them.”
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing Elina’s words as he continued staring at her staring at Barry. Elina was ignoring him and appeared to be staring at Barry with pleading on her face. 
Barry spoke ignoring her pleading expression “Just curious how many offspring do you want to have or emphasized to have by other people?”
Elina spoke “I like to have two a male and female, I was emphasized to have. The people did emphasize to have the male first and then a female after that.” 
Jinks sighed walked forwards towards Elina to stand in front of her, putting a hand on her shoulder sensing her, being fine with that. 
Barry spoke “Interesting anything else emphasized to you besides that?”
Elina spoke “They did warn me that Jinks has a terrible temper, when it comes to learning about things, said to be lies about him. Also that he has rage episodes, something I witnessed while in the lobby, how to stop him from doing further damage. It was hugging he, getting him to calm down right away.”
He frowned as Elina looked at him with some pleasant look in her eyes followed by her walking forwards to hug him. Jinks felt he accepting the hug, by his hands automatically settling on her back. His chin was sensed leaning against the side of her head despite the top of her head, reaching the beginning of his nose height. He appearing to ignore his mind being scanned at the time, hence his urge hitting him for sexual means. 
He felt spoke “Elina, I like to show you my bedroom.” 
He heard nothing from Elina but her removing herself from him and nodding her head. Jinks took her hand and pulled her out of the room to the hallway which he took to his bedroom. Once inside the bedroom he let go of her hand and shut the doors then went to Elina, putting hands on her shoulders and before she could react he kissed her on the lips. 
Jinks felt her shock along with hearing a familiar creepy voice speaking “She has poison in her system that will get into you through mating enough to hurt you. She has been implanted to prevent pregnancy.” 
He felt himself furiously angry stopped kissing Elina to place a hand on her throat gagging her. She stared at him with an angry look on her face with awareness in her eyes that told him she was aware what he learned about her from kissing. He growled an angry sound gagging her harder and found his hold on her neck off from her doing karate movements, followed by her backing up.
Jinks quickly willed the Master through and mentally spoke “I ordered Elina to choke!” while raising a hand fisting it. 
Jinks saw Elina appear to be choking by her hands grabbing her neck while hearing her gasp for air. 
He heard Barry’s voice speaking using the voice “Release her now!”
Jinks felt him compelled to obey, as he snarled out loud with anger in his voice “You’ll pay for Katherine’s death, High Council. You’re dead to me. I’ll see to that assassination just to destroy you for what you did to my Katherine.” 
He felt sleepiness hit him ignored the feeling to snarl “You shouldn’t have killed Katherine.” 
The sleepiness he felt persisted, as he felt himself falling to the floor and shutting his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks dreamed of facing Lance who was frowning staring at him. 
Jinks felt angry rage snarled “The High Council is dead, disappeared! I want them dead period! They killed Katherine! I intend to see that they pay for her death! I’ll do what it takes to make them pay!” 
He felt Lance’s hands touch him on his forehead and chest making him calmer.
Jinks felt his rage went away as he burst into tears crying out “Katherine. Why did she have to die? I miss her so much that it hurts so badly.” 
Jinks felt Lance hug him which he didn’t protest, as he kept on crying tears weeping out repeatedly “My Katherine.” 
He continued to cry tears as Lance rubbed his back with his hands which he gripped his father’s clothes while hugged. He felt the tears stop along with the sadness sighed and felt Lance release his hold on him which he stared at his father who was frowning. 
Jinks frowned feeling himself much calmer as Lance spoke “It’s alright, Jinks. You’ll get over the feeling of anger towards the High Council enough to stop being hurt from it. Don’t, worry about that just keep on living for your offsprings. You’ll be fine, despite having memories of your mind to feel like she died recently, feelings towards Katherine. You'll get over this, Jinks.” 
Jinks sighed as Lance rubbed a hand on his shoulder as his father continued speaking “You’re just going though another phase related to the loss of a loved one, to death. The hurt will go away, me oath to you. You’ll feel better again.” 
He nodded his head sighing again as Lance forced his eyes shut which he came to hearing the sound of an alarm clock blaring in his ear. He lurched up to find himself lying on his bed, still wearing his clothes, with a feeling like he mated with his clothes wrecked on his form. Jinks saw the windows were glowing with daylight shining dimly through the curtains with the Master, roaring in the back of his mind and not in control. He eyed the clock to see the time was eight o’clock in the morning. Jinks groaned recalled the events of the previous day and his breakdown in front of Lance, rubbed hands through his hair then got up heading towards the bathroom figuring to him, that he’ll shower. 

“I don’t remember much involving this memory, but I do remember another version of Jinks Montreal, appearing to be a clone with a Builder’s eyed trick, standing staring at the mirror. Jinks, I assumed was the clone’s name stood eyeing himself in the mirror frowned finding his face had a scar mark where he didn’t have before, as remembered. I recalled that scar mark was a circular scar of a Kang as their called, marked by Tee Dees’ claws getting into their cheek and leaving a mark like that. I’m not entirely sure of why’s Jinks was giving that Kang mark. Odd!” 

Jinks at the time were sensed felt confusion hitting him to thinking “Who I really was either Lance Richard persona, or Jinks Montreal or someone else?” as he eyed himself in the mirror. 
He heard Meritanian’s snickering voice blaring in his mind "Jinks." 
Snickering voice sounded of the Meritanian, Tank to me.
He overheard via thought “I figured that my persona is Jinks Montreal. I figured I'll do.” 
Jinks came out of the bathroom dressed in clean clothes along with his hair brushed. Jinks paused to stand in the middle of the room staring at the bed, recalling Katherine sleeping in it, sick with cancer while he was sitting in a chair staring at her. He shook his head of the memory as he felt anger simmering within him, exhaled a breath as he breathed hard through his mouth, mentally willing the feeling to go away. He sighed again as the anger lowered its ebb, but was still felt which he went to the bedroom doors yanking them open, to see a butler dubbed James instead of his regular butler in his familiar spot. 
Jinks frowned as James spoke with a hint of relief in his voice “Barry left the previous day and hasn’t said when he’ll be back.”
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that nodded his head and went to the dining room to sit as James, he spotted went into the kitchen. Jinks waited as Emma came out carrying a tray with drinks smells coming from it that made his stomach rumble. He felt himself terribly hungry drank all of the drinks. 
Once done, he pushed the tray away and got a communication from someone flashing into his mind, appearing to be someone else than Lance speaking “I want to talk to you face to face so hit the library.” 
Jinks frowned but got up and went to the library and once inside shut the doors and went to a chair pulling up the cushion looking for a book. Jinks found weren’t there then placed the cushion back in place, before sitting down in the chair leaning back. 
He shut his eyes and dreamed of facing a male with his facial appearance, dressed in crude brown clothes of leather who spoke “Barry got transported to the High Council by them, ordering to via Meritanians.”
Jinks felt nothing related to the statement spoke “So?”
He stared at Lance, I assumed, was the male despite odd clothes, who frowned as his father spoke “The High Council has Barry in their service again, so he won’t be able to help you with you learning what's going on within you, at the moment, such as your new powers in question.” 
Jinks shrugged and spoke “I didn’t have a teacher growing up as a child teaching me, my powers. I managed to learn about them fine, I think I’ll be doing fine.” 
He saw Lance’s face become more into a frown with lips forming it, as he added “I turned out fine learning my powers so I don’t need Barry for help.” 
Jinks heard an ahem sounding from the Meritanians off his right which he felt his eyes forced shut and came to find himself still in the library sitting in a chair. He leaned forwards to rub hands on his forehead recalling Barry, teaching him, how to use his earthquake powers to save someone trapped in a coffin like box, underwater was picked up by an underwater sea, vessel him setting off earth shakes at the location in code. Jinks frowned as an image of the High Council’s underwater base flashed in his mind from being in a clear see through walk way tube with Ajax. He felt an instinct like feeling telling him to learn more about the area the High Council’s home base Humans called Australia Atoll hit him. It was more like Meritanians’ hinting thoughts onto him making him want to do that. Jinks got up from the chair and went to the library doors opening and closing them as he walked out. He exhaled a breath sensing James wasn’t nearby figured to himself that he’ll go to the kitchen and ask for the butler. Jinks went to the dining room and reached the kitchen doors raising a hand fisted and stiffened as he sensed a presence appear behind him. 
He heard “Master Jinks.” 
Jinks inhaled a breath hearing James’ voice turned around lowering his hand and spoke “I would like a map of the entire planet of Shadan, in a form called a globe, so get me one.” 
He narrowed his eyes in a glare as James spoke “I’ll get you the latest version.”
He spoke “One more thing, how I contact you if I have something to request?”
Jinks folded his arms as James spoke “Just call my name and I’ll be there for your requests, Master Jinks.”
Jinks nodded his head as James went into the kitchen, figured to himself that the butler was wearing a listening device to hear him call for him, anywhere in the penthouse, hence given the contact request. He went to the TV room and sat on the couch leaning forwards hands covering his face with elbows on his thighs. He breathed mediation techniques as his anger within him, felt like it was rising. Jinks got up from the couch folding his arms and began pacing walking back and forth, in front of the couch sideways from it, still breathing mediation techniques as his anger, within him boiled but not taking control of him. He felt the anger take control unfolded his arms to pause from walking to bend down bringing his left hand, fisted onto the coffee table hard and heard a crack sound as the wooden material split in half, underneath his fist. He sighed feeling his anger stop taking control of him and went away. Jinks straightened his form to fold his arms stared at the closed doors feeling, he impatient for James to arrive with the results of his request. Jinks felt his impatience hit rising within him growled some angry sound as he heard a knocking sound on the doors followed by James entering the room clearing his throat. 
Jinks stared at James who held up a small boxy like device in his hand before speaking “The latest version of a globe, as you requested.”
Jinks spoke “How you turn that thing on?”
Jinks stared at James who did a double take look seeing the coffee table split on half before the butler spoke “Its voice activated on, turning it on.”
He exhaled a breath as James handed him the device which he took and went to the couch to sit while hearing the butler leave the room closing the doors behind him. 
He placed the device next to him on the couch and spoke remembering the TV being voice activated the command “Globe on!” 
Jinks stared at the device to see in the middle of it, a blue light come on, followed by a projected hologram version of a round ball came from it with colors of blue, white and brown. He stared at the ball which took him a moment to recognize it as planet Shadan, as seen by satellite from space. 
He heard an electronic voice speaking “Destination?”
Jinks spoke “Australia Atoll.” 
He watched as the hologram disappeared followed by another hologram taking its place in a flat version, showing a close up of an area, without clouds blocking it which he figured from memory was Australia Atoll.  
Jinks stared at the hologram spoke “History of Australia Atoll.” 
He heard the electronic voice recited a summary of what he already knew of the area from learning about it, in the past when he held the position of King shared with another male. 
Jinks heard the voice recited “Some of the islands being volcanoes.” Spoke interrupting “Pause.”
He stared at the hologram and spoke “Highlight islands that are volcanoes.” 
He watched as islands on the holograms turned red showing half of the islands were volcanoes.
Jinks felt an instinct like feeling hit him, mostly joke by the Meritanians insisting to him via Tank’s voice “We telling you to do something about the volcanoes.” 
Jinks spoke “Highlight volcano islands that are said to be not active.”
He watched as the red changed to show half of the highlighted islands showing that they were volcanoes said to be not active. Jinks recalled he, from memories of people declaring him a Human God, smiled a smirk on his face, as it dawned on him what he could do. He stared at the hologram committing it to memory then with image in his mind leaned back on the couch and shut his eyes.
Jinks mentally spoke “I’m calling for my earthquake power to hit one of the volcanoes in Australia Atoll, said to be silent now!” and sensed it working from mental senses aimed at it. 
He continued to will the earth to shake which he halted the earth shaking as he sensed the volcano erupt while sensing that only him and the volcano, itself, will stop the erupting. Jinks smiled a smirk opening his eyes and sat up from leaning back on the couch. 
He stared at the hologram and spoke “Show present scan conditions of the volcano islands for eruptions.” 
Jinks watched as the hologram changed to show one island highlighted in red followed by an electronic voice speaking “Volcano detected erupting.”
He smiled a smirking smile and thought to himself “Let’s see how you handle this, High Council.”
Jinks got a communication from Lance speaking “Jinks, what the depths you are up to now?”
He felt sleepiness growled an angry sound leaned back and shut his eyes dreaming of himself facing Lance who looked annoyed. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “Jinks, spill it what the depths did you do this time?”
He shook his head in a no gesture while speaking “Nothing for you to concern yourself with, father.” 
Jinks frowned as he saw Lance’s eyes turned all black followed by gagging him on the throat in a tight hold as his father spoke “Don’t even think of hiding this from me, so talk now!”
He heard the edge in Lance’s voice figured that his father was aware of what he did and wanted him to confess it.
Jinks gagged out “You already know what I did, father so why should I say it?”
He felt himself freed and felt a fist connect with his stomach throwing him backwards onto the ground. Jinks felt a foot on his chest along with paralysis holding him in place. 
Jinks groaned as Lance leaned down black eyes narrowed in a glare before his father spoke “I expect more from you than that stunt you pulled, so confess it now.” 
He shook his head and clamped his mouth shut as Lance added “Don’t tempt me to kill you off and let myself, take your place so talk now!”
He groaned sensing that Lance was serious with his words spoke “All I did was use my earthquake power to cause, a said to be quiet volcano in Australia Atoll to erupt.” 
He felt a choking feeling in his throat as Lance raised a hand fisting it which he gagged out “It’s not fair that the High Council got away with killing Katherine without receiving punishment.” 
Jinks felt the gagging feeling in his throat stop as Lance folded his arms straightening up his form looking away and speaking loudly “You got all of that talk, Meritanians?”
He felt himself become furiously angry growled an angry sound as he heard Ramses’ voice speaking “Yeah we got it all and relayed it to the High Council. Just tell Horus to cut the volcano eruption and there won’t be any further damage done by that thing.”
He snarled out as Ramses stopped talking “Betrayer! You’re not my father for doing this to me!”
He felt his anger take control as Lance looked down at him with Human blue eyes and spoke “Jinks Horus Montreal!” 
Jinks felt himself calming down from his anger as if the emotion was willed away from him to stare at Lance who added still staring at him “Meritanians, tell the High Council that Horus is very upset with the loss of his female Katherine and still hasn’t gotten over her passing.” 
He frowned as he heard Ramses speaking “Ugh High Council Horus had a female named Katherine who passed away too many cycles ago which he took the loss hard. 
He’s very upset at the moment because cycles ago a High Council member admitted to him ‘The High Council manipulated Katherine to die.’ 
He’s very angry about that hence his behavior of acting like childish at the moment.” 
Jinks heard nothing else from Ramses as Lance spoke “I expect once you’re awake, cut that volcano’s eruption period. I expect you to do it without protest, or I’ll see that you’re punished harshly.” 
Jinks groaned hearing the firmness in Lance’s tone, I figured the father was serious with his words as Jinks was sensed kept his mouth shut as Lance leaned down forcing his eyes shut. 

Jinks came to find he still in the TV room leaning back on the couch. 
He groaned loudly and got a communication from Lance yelling via creepy voice in his mind “I mean it with my words, Jinks!”
Jinks exhaled a breath to shut his eyes and mentally recalled the volcano island in his mind and mentally spoke “I ordered the volcano to stop erupting.” 
He sensed his order obeyed opened his eyes to sit up leaning forwards putting hands on his face covering the area.
He rubbed his face to mutter out loud “It’s not fair.”
He clamped his mouth shut and allowed himself to think his thoughts mentally speaking to himself “It’s not fair that the High Council got away with killing Katherine. I want them to pay for her death.”
Jinks heard nothing from Lance as he continued to think to himself “I miss her terribly. The missing her really hurts that she’s gone. She won’t come back in my life again.”
He again rubbed his face with his hands as he continued to think to himself “Oh, why did she have to die? Why couldn’t the High Council leave her alone and let her live? I wouldn’t be suffering from hurt of this pain if they bothered to leave her alone.”
He groaned loudly and continued to think to himself “I don’t have anything worth living for besides my anger towards the High Council for killing Katherine. I don’t have a purpose in life besides being isolated and alone as some Human God.” 
Jinks heard a knocking sound on the door to the TV room, lowered his hands to stare at the doors as they opened showing James, entering the room clearing his throat loudly. 
He stared at James who spoke with disgust in his voice “You have a visitor in the dining room.”
Jinks got up from the couch and walked out of the TV room, passed James and sensed the butler not following him. Jinks went to the dining room and pause seeing Barry frowning while sitting in a chair wearing, a device around his neck and devices peeking out from his wrists of his sleeves.
He stared at Barry who noticed him which the Builder spoke “I warned the High Council that you would do something terrible to them. 
They said ‘We don’t believe you.’ and said ‘Tam-Mykola is only one man against an army.’ 
Ugh that volcano eruption woke them up enough to get them to realize that I’m not kidding on what I’ve been warning them.” 
He frowned as Barry paused then continued speaking “I did warn them ‘Tam-Mykola would make a very powerful enemy if he didn’t have anything to lose.’ 
Such as them killing off the only reason that would keep you from declaring war on them that reason is your son, Robert."
He stiffened hearing that as the Meritanians via Merra screamed “Barry isn’t lying with his words about Robert!”
Barry continued talking “I told the High Council in firm terms to lay off assassinating Robert. You would declare war on them if he was killed. They were proven to be behind the disappearance of declaring him dead, among the First Ones’ as they call the Humans. I also warned the High Council about the Master Organization, seeing you as a deity, including that there’s members willing to follow you to death, as in doing anything you order, including fighting a war.
Lance when asked by the Meritanians ‘What do you have to say about people willing to follow you to death?’
He backed that up statement by admitting ’I’ve been seeing that happen to people when I had a body’.”
Jinks frowned hearing Barry’s words as Barry kept on speaking “I got to warn you that I suspect that the High Council might try to assassinate Robert, impression I got from them. I think their trying to hurt you badly enough to make sure that you don’t try any stunts against them again, such as the volcano eruption. I also admit that I used my voice on the Meritanians to not to transport Robert without his permission with sources informing your son of this order.”
He frowned forming it on his lips as Barry paused to clear his throat then added “There’s a way of fighting the High Council without them retaliating against you. I’m sure that you’ll find it. Don’t worry the way will show itself to you when its time for it. Just keep on searching.” 
He nodded his head as Barry got up from the chair and disappeared in a flash of light which he figured that the Builder was transported by the Meritanians elsewhere. 
Jinks heard “Ugh! Glad that awful man is gone!” 
He stiffened recognizing the voice as Emma turned to look at her seeing her in the room who gestured to the table with her head. He looked to see sitting in his familiar spot on the table was a cup of red liquid. Jinks figured was his familiar blood drinking status despite his Jinks Montreal’s persona more a dairy product drinker. Jinks went to the cup and picked it up bringing it to his lips. He shocked himself by gulping down the entire contents then placed the cup back on the table. 
He spoke as Emma leaned down to pick up the cup “What’s you and the others’ feelings towards Barry anyway?”
He formed a frown on his face as Emma straightened up to stare at him with a frown on her face. 
He spoke “Just heard you call Barry, an awful man. What have he done to cause you and the others to dislike him? I like to know.” 
Jinks heard Emma give off a sound of disgust and she spoke “Personally I didn’t like the way he seemed to be controlling you to do things. This including allowing you to be interested in receiving help from an inappropriate female, I knew was reeking of poison within her.”
He exhaled a breath hearing that as Emma kept talking “James admitted that he heard of the Meritanians mind walking plants that could transport people around from one of them talking to him. James via admittance voice ordered them to transport Barry and that female out of here. 
He like Matthew shares the same view I feel towards Barry thinking ‘Barry too controlling towards Master Jinks.” 
You should be controlling your own life without people manipulating you including that inappropriate female.” 
Jinks exhaled another breath as Emma stopped talking to stare at him. 
He spoke “Just what’s your opinion on what female is appropriate for me?”
He formed a questioning look on his face as Emma gave off a sigh and spoke “Personally I think she should be fully human, someone you should allow to mate with to get rid of your mating urges. But I get the feeling from you that you're taken with a female but she's not living at the moment, elsewhere in the Summerland we call the place of the dead go to after disappearance.” 
Jinks spoke “What about James and Matthew in this view?”
He heard Emma give off a sight again and she spoke “Matthew personally shares my view and insists ‘She be Human when she has her way with the Master, mating wise to get over being used inappropriately in sexual terms.’ 
James prefers ‘She be either Human or a hybrid as long as she’s not a Highlander or parts of Highlander in her.’ 
We all agree Highlanders are not appropriate for you to have for mating rituals, hearing nasty things about some Highlander group called High Council.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing her mention High Council as she continued talking “I heard all sorts of nasty things done by this High Council, such as in assassinating people who speak out against them. This assassinating has some people I know, all Humans, very angry enough to declare war on the High Council. They can’t do a thing about their anger. The Highlanders supporting the High Council have been relentless with their mind scanning Humans and managed to sabotage the Humans enough to assassinating them too.”
Jinks frowned as Emma paused to clear her throat then she continued “I’m surprised that the current King hasn’t yet declared war on the High Council. They killed off a relative of his, his opponent in the election who spoke out against them two months ago.
The opponent Donald Marshall saying ‘The High Council are nothing but manipulators who should mind their own business.’ 
Poor Donald wound up killed off by his car blowing up. 
The High Council has said ‘We claimed responsibility and that car destruction.’ 
That’s not the only death they have claimed responsibility. The High Council has claimed to assassinate numerous people who all said to speak out against them.”
Jinks exhaled a breath as Emma kept talking “Also the High Council has said ‘We are powerful enough to be manipulating people all First Ones to our purposes.’
This is mostly against Humans against their wills by threat of assassinating a relative of theirs which this started unknown years ago and is still on going. Anything else you want, Master Jinks?”
He shook his head as Emma without a word walked into the kitchen leaving the doors swinging behind her. Jinks figured to he that he’ll go to his bedroom to take a nap due to feeling tired. He took a step and froze feeling a pain hitting his heart area as an image of Robert, looking sad flashed in his mind followed by the pain going away as the image faded. Jinks rubbed a hand on his chest to gasp loudly as he recalled getting similar pain when Victoria was hurt and stiffened realizing that it indicated that Robert was hurt and not dead. 
He got a communication from Lance speaking “I want to talk to you face to face so go lie down somewhere.” 
Jinks quickly darted out of the dining room heading to the TV room which he darted inside and slammed the doors shut behind him. He went to the couch and sat lying back shutting his eyes and dreamed of himself facing Lance. 
Jinks spoke “The High Council did hurt Robert did they enough to make him dead to the Humans?”
Jinks saw Lance nod his head with a sad look on his face which he yelled “No!”
Jinks felt hands on his forehead and chest keeping him calm as he quieted down to stare at Lance who spoke “They got him declared dead to the Humans by a previously dead body used, into a car explosion by having a Highlander fire a torpedo at the car, he was in before he was transported out. Same thing happened to Victoria via car explosion, in answer to your question, but that was on orders of the High Council's odd feelings towards this servant of theirs, fondness towards her."
Jinks groaned loudly hearing that as Lance kept talking "Luckily Robert's currently public wife and children or step children she had with another male, weren’t in the car so their safe. The High Council will probably leave them alone that their all females. The High Council, don’t normally assassinate females but prefer to kill off males instead. They sometimes pull this car explosion trick onto people they find valuable to be declared dead among the Humans and into their services as a dedicated servant. They prefer to let medical ailments kill off females instead of setting off assassins to do the job so his wife and children are safe for now.” 
Jinks groaned loudly hearing that as Lance added “You heard Barry there’s a way of fighting the High Council without them retaliating. Just wish the way would be found quickly and fast. There’s a group of Builders getting fed up with the High Council’s manipulating, are thinking of killing Highlanders as in committing genocide in retaliation against the High Council. Those Builders haven’t done anything yet but their seriously thinking of doing the genocide. The thought is slowly becoming popular among other Builders including spreading to Humans fed up with the High Council.”
Jinks again groaned loudly which he heard Ramses’ speaking “Ugh! High Council there’s a problem sensed among the restless natives on the Humans’ mainland. The problem is that people, Builders have gotten fed up with you manipulating their lives that their thinking of retaliating as in killing Highlanders enough to commit genocide.” 
He turned his attention towards Ramses who continued talking “You heard me!” pause “I’m not kidding about genocide towards Highlanders. The Builders are really angry towards you and that view is spreading very quickly among Builders who are using voice orders to spread it among Humans just to amass an army in their war.” 
Jinks frowned as Ramses paused then continued “Actually this thought by the Builders was detected the moment someone answering to the name of Robert was said to have died in a car explosion which have them furious about the death due to being aware that you had a hand in it.”
Jinks stiffened hearing that as Ramses kept talking “Unfortunately the death has triggered Builders to set a deadline of starting the genocide which we’re still trying to find out about when it is.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut woke up to sit up rubbing a hand on his forehead thinking to himself “What the depths will get the High Council to stop their manipulating, enough for the Builders, to call off their war with them?”
He heard nothing from Lance, frowned to get up and pace in the room. He paused from walking as the scenery changed to show the High Council’s throne room. Jinks felt again the clawed hands of the Hawk Heads’ I recalled were referred as Falcons’ guards on his arms in tight ironclad grips. Jinks saw a familiar figure standing nearby he sensed was Ajax still clad in his High Council robes. 
Jinks exhaled a breath as one Speaker, Shad spoke with sarcasm “Welcome back Horus. What do you have to say for causing the volcano eruption which we detected you doing it?”
He got a communication from Lance speaking “Just admit that your angry at them and that should throw them off.” 
He spoke with anger in his voice “I’m angry at you hence me causing the volcano eruption. You’re lucky that Lance insisted that I cease the stunt I pulled which I did.” 
He clamped his mouth shut and narrowed his eyes while hearing a growling sound in a whispered tone that he recognized, belonged to Anubis who he eyed had ears flat with eyes narrowed in a glare aimed, at the High Council. Jinks switched his eyes towards the High Council to see the speakers had their heads bowed while the High Council behind them were busy waggling their heads while moving their black gloved hands in random gestures. He frowned as the talk he assumed among the High Council appeared to be lengthy from the looks of it, before the speakers both raised their heads. 
He heard Onya speak with disgust in her voice tone “Ramses, would you please knock Horus out?”
He felt sleepiness hit him figured that the Meritanian was doing it felt it persisted which he shut his eyes allowing himself to pass out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feeling a hand shaking him on the shoulder which he jerked open his eyes to see in his eyesight, a group of Annukai, as he dubs the Listener species, were gathered around the bed, he was lying on, as one straightened up his form. 
He spoke in basic sensing the Annukai were annoyed with him “Excuse me, something I can do for you?”
He frowned as one of the Annukai spoke in a feminine tone in foreign language followed by the same Listener speaking in basic “The three heads put you in our nesting room so get up and get out.” 
He figured to obey got up from the bed as Annukai surrounding it back up from him. 
He spoke recognizing the room and its contents from the looks of it “You got a room I can stay in?”
He heard the familiar Annukai speaking in foreign language followed by foreign language spoken in a male tone and then heard the female he assumed speaking “Just go to each door in the hallway and whatever door opens is the room set for you.” 
Jinks spoke “Uh Ok.” 
He walked out of the room into the hallway finding the door was at one end of the hallway, followed the Annukai’s instructions and went to each door stepping in front of them, putting hands on them when they appeared to not open for him. He frowned as one of the doors opened which he sighed and walked inside feeling his senses blare warning seeing the room and saw nothing to indicate it. He eyed the bed and felt pressure on his chest over his heart which he put a hand on the area and felt nothing but felt himself rooted to the spot. 
Jinks eyed the lights and spoke “Lights off.”
He stiffened with night vision to see Robert with a frown on his face appearing to look twenty five years old, appearing to have a hand on his chest, over his heart that looked away from him towards the bed. He saw a male Drainer, with a triangle shaped hat, standing behind the bed, appearing to see him and then looked at the bed to see a female form looking Human, like while lying on it asleep, wearing clothes.
The clothes made him think “They were related to military.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath and looked at Robert who pointed up with his other hand which he verbally ordered the lights on. He felt Robert stop touching him which he walked out of the room and went to the doors, finding them remained closed till he reached the last door in the hallway. 
The door opened while it was next to a wall that made him think “Door’s a big sliding door.” 
He walked inside the room and paused allowing, his senses to scan the room and sensed nothing serious from them about the area. He sighed to feel sleepiness, sighed again and went to the bed lying his form down on it and shut his eyes. 

Jinks dreamed of facing Lance who had his eyes all black with a glare on his face. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke sounding annoyed “Barry managed to cancel his order he set on the plants regarding Robert, just a few hours before the car your son was said to be in exploded. The Meritanians managed to transport Robert to the High Council’s base. The High Council ordered Tom, as their dedicated servant Mindbender, calls himself, to knock him out unconscious and have him dumped into a tube for sleeping.”
Jinks groaned loudly hearing Lance’s words as Lance kept talking “Harrumph, this tube sleeping status only knocked Robert's system too much to have heart failure to almost die from it. This wound up caused you pain enough to think that he was dead like I thought too. The High Council after a lot of convincing by Mindbender and the Meritanians, have ordered Robert to be preserved asleep in some tube using the same experiment done onto you to him in that thing which his heart is working fine now.” 
Jinks did a double take look feeling he shocked as Lance continued “Robert at the moment from my senses cued to him is doing the same thing you did when you were in your sleep by medical means.” 
He groaned as he heard a loud cough sound coming from the Meritanians as Lance gave off a growling sound and spoke “The Builders’ threatened genocide was stopped by the High Council who broadcasted a message saying ‘We were fed up with being insulted by people, hence we doing assassinations to people saying insults and manipulating others to do things. We were threatening them and wanted people to stop doing that behavior.’ 
The Builders in response called off the genocide. 
The Meritanians warned the High Council ‘The Builders are still furious! We urged the High Council to watch what they do with people just to keep the Builders from starting up another attempt genocide idea again.’”
He groaned loudly as Lance paused to give up another growling sound followed by again speaking “The High Council managed to discreetly tell the Builders ‘We would back off on our manipulating if the Builders would cancel the order relating to transporting Horus to the High Council’s home base.’ 
The Builders in response have cancelled the order but said ‘We made it clear to the High Council we expect Horus to be kept alive at all costs.’ 
The Meritanians backed up the Builders’ demand by saying ‘We sensed that the Shadonia dubbing themselves some thousand letter name now despite devoted to be stupid. They all of them have some connection sense aimed at Horus that is keeping them in peace among each other and among other races living with them and elsewhere.’ 
The plants emphasized ‘Not sure why but if Horus were killed off the Shadonia all of them would literally go insane, becoming killing machines destroying anything and anyone in their path, they extinct themselves to death.’”
Jinks again groaned loudly as Lance paused to hear Ramses speak his familiar question which he felt his eyes forced shut. 

Jinks woke up hearing the sound of an alarm clock lurched up in bed to find that he was back in the penthouse, in his bedroom which he turned to glare at the clock finding it halt its noises. He groaned and got up from the bed and went into the bathroom figuring to he that he’ll shower. Jinks via what he eyed himself in the mirror appeared to look different from his Kang mark on the face and Human black eyes. He appeared to have a normal Jinks Montreal’s look on his facial appearance but nose indicated some biracial heritage to me. 

Jinks came out of the bathroom dressed in clean clothes feeling, he better from the shower. He sighed and went to the bedroom doors yanking them open to see James in his familiar spot looking relieved to see him. He kept his mouth shut went to the dining room while followed by the butler. Jinks went to sit and waited as James went into the kitchen followed by Emma walking out carrying a tray with dishware on it with food smells coming from it, making his stomach rumble. He waited as Emma placed the tray in front of him then stepped back straightening up her form, giving him a look expecting him to take in the nourishment. Jinks obeyed taking his time eating the food with silverware and drinking down the orange juice in a cup. Once finished he got up and went to the library as if compelled and opened the doors which he did a double take look finding Barry inside sitting in a chair still wearing devices on his form. Jinks walked into the room shutting the doors and looked at Barry with a questioning look on his face. 
Barry spoke “I’m still under the service of the High Council who’s using me for two things. Such as finding out about you and your abilities along with telling the High Council what the jokes the Meritanians do onto the High Council.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath as Barry kept on talking “Robert is doing fine in the High Council’s care. Their keeping him alive, he’s your son, he has abilities their interested in breeding him to father children who’ll inherited the abilities.”
Jinks sighed loudly hearing Barry’s words as Barry continued “Jinks, the reason I suspect that their keeping Robert alive is from you demonstrating the ability to manipulate a volcano to erupt and ceasing the eruption. They detected you doing the manipulating is from the implants in you having a sensor, cued to your brain organ going off. With sensors on the volcano going off with vibrations detected by both sensors resulting in being identical movements which is how they figured it out that you were causing that.” 
He exhaled a breath to groan loudly as Barry paused to stand up and then the Builder spoke “Don’t worry about me, Jinks. I’ll be fine under the High Council’s care.”
He saw Barry disappear in a flash of white light which he figured it was from the Meritanians doing that. Jinks went to the chair Barry vacated and sat down leaning back into it feeling no book between the cushion and the chair. He leaned his head back sighing loudly to feel sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who had Human blue eyes. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “Barry omitted to say that he has a medical condition Humans called cerebral palsy that makes him use a cane to help for walking. He’s been suffering from terrible chest pains a side effect from surviving being poisoned by an assassin, giving him trouble functioning, how bad they are. Barry accepting the High Council using him is from them giving him medical treatments to stop the pain and make it easier for him to function. Something he’s been seeking since he was diagnosed with the pains none of the Humans’ medical treatments have worked on him.” 
He frowned forming it on his lips as Ramses spoke his familiar question which he felt his eyes forced shut. 

Jinks woke up hearing a knocking sound on the door which he sat up as James entered the room clearing his throat. 
He looked at James who spoke “You have visitors in the lobby who can’t come up, privacy reasons.” 
He exhaled a breath and got up from the chair walking past James and went to the elevator taking it to the lobby which he walked out to spot the familiar four men, he figured were federal agents. 
Groaning softly he walked up to them and got his hunch correct as one of them identified spoke “We identified us as FBI.” by showing a badge on a wallet while sensing himself filmed from another holding up a palm sized object aimed at him. 
Jinks frowned as the federal agent spoke “You care to explain any manipulating the High Council done to you?”
He spoke “I had a female mate named Katherine who passed away from cancer. I found out on the tenth year of her passing, from a High Council member that they bribed the doctor to not say anything about her cancer when it was detected at an early stage, till it was fatal enough to kill her. I’m still hurting from this and the situation has me furious that it happened.” 
He paused to clamp his mouth shut as the federal agent spoke “Sorry, I have to ask this but when did Katherine pass away?”
Jinks calculated in his mind and then spoke “It happened years ago unsure of the number.” 
He frown hearing a throat clearing noise coming from one of the federal agents which the familiar agent spoke “How are you feeling regarding the situation?”
Jinks spoke “Actually I spent thirteen of those years busy single parenting a daughter to bother feeling anything towards Katherine’s death. As for Katherine's death, I keep getting nightmares of her dying in front of me. I keep hoping that the nightmares would stop.”
Jinks frowned as he again heard the throat clearing noise as the federal agent spoke “You care to explain how you’re feeling at the moment?”
He sighed softly and spoke “Just furiously upset.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as the federal agent spoke “Thank you for your time. That is all for now. We’ll be back for further questioning.” 
He nodded his head and walked away going into the elevator gestured by a Highlander guard telling him mentally “Master take that elevator!” 
Jinks obeyed and verbalized the order to the penthouse via Master abilities in control saying “Elevator to the Penthouse.” 
He frowned as the elevator went up and reached the penthouse floor. Jinks walked out and wandered to the library to go inside shutting the doors shut behind him. He went to sit down and found his book remained in its familiar spot on the table in its familiar position as he left it. Sighing Jinks picked up the book and began reading it finding himself still disgusted with the mating scenes detailed a bit graphically. He interested in the story its theme of an Annoyov named Shad he found the book was by Veronica Thomas. He continued to read the book till he heard knocking sounds on the doors which he lowered the book to stare at the doors showing James entering the room clearing his throat. 
He stared at James who spoke “Its lunchtime and time for your required nourishment to take in.” 
Sighing he placed the book flat on the table marking its place in where he was in it then got up and walked out of the library sensing the butler not following him. Jinks went to the dining room to find sitting on the table was his familiar drink in his familiar spot at the table. He went to sit and picked up the drink taking his time drinking it down till there was nothing left then put the cup back on the table. Jinks got up from the table and sighed figuring to he that he’ll practice karate feeling like needing to do it. He went to the gym room and once inside sat down on the floor and began doing his stretching exercises finding no resistance from his clothes as he stretched. He swung himself up with a karate move and began doing a Kata in a black belt level. He practiced and ended with a bow towards the doors as a memory of Victoria, his daughter, age thirteen, standing in the doorway watching him practice karate with awe on her face flashed in his mind. It made him grimace to straighten up his form to rub a hand on his head and he walked out of the gym room shutting the doors behind him. He exhaled a breath as a thought of wanting to know where Victoria was publicity buried among the Humans despite still alive hidden by the High Council, came to his mind and whether it was possible for him to visit the gravesite. 
He spoke loudly “James!” 
He waited in the hallway as he heard footfalls heading towards him on his left to spot James walking towards him with a questioning look on the butler’s face. 
Jinks spoke “Just out of curiosity how far back in the past do you know of me?” 
He waited patiently as James appeared to have heard him reached him to speak “I was told like the others, Matthew and Emma. You’re a reclusive billionaire leader of a group referred as Master Organization who sees you as a deity, having unusual abilities no Human has. I, like the others, was also told that you like your privacy. You have problems accepting how the outside world thinks of you when their saying lies about you.”
He exhaled a breath sensing that James’ words were the truth which the butler added “I admit I and the others were hired for our jobs blind, without any knowledge of your identity but our contracts state to keep things learned about you to ourselves. Is there anything else, Master Jinks?”
Jinks spoke recalling a memory of the last time he saw his mother “Uh, I would like a record of all of my relatives such as their births, names, deaths and locations of their gravesites.”
He saw James frown which he added “Just feeling like doing some research on my family tree since I’m a bit out of touch from the outside world at the moment.” 
Jinks heard James speak “I’ll see about getting you what you requested.” 
He nodded his head as James disappeared from view which he figured that the Builder did a super speed jog anxious to do what he ordered. Jinks sighed and went to the TV room to sit on the couch leaving the doors ajar. He eyed the coffee table to find it looking like it wasn’t smashed in half from his fist and figured that the damaged one was replaced with a new one. He frowned as he heard a knocking sound on the doors followed by a throat clearing noise which he looked to see James standing in the doorway with the doors wider. 
Jinks frowned as James spoke “I was told that the information you requested, is too scattered, as in all over the place and will take awhile to gather it into one file for you, to read.”
His senses blared telling him it was a lie as James added “Anything else, Master Jinks?”
He stood up and recalled Victoria, his daughter which he spoke “I want a record on a relative named Victoria who passed away as in where she’s buried.” 
Jinks frowned as James formed a frown on his face before nodding his head and then faded from view. He sighed and sat down on the couch then got up feeling too tensed up to sit. He groaned and walked out of the TV room and went to the dining room to stare at the kitchen doors with a frown as they opened showing James walking out who didn’t seem surprised to see him there. 
Jinks stared at James who spoke “I was told that your relative, Victoria was cremated with ashes scattered.” 
His senses again blared telling him that it was a lie groaned softly as James added “Anything else, Master Jinks?”
He spoke “I like to go to the garden.” 
Jinks frowned as James formed disapproval on his face before the butler spoke “I recommend against going to there. There are news affiliates helicopters sighted hovering around the building. If they see you in the garden they won’t hesitate to drop in a news crew, to pester you with questions, speaking about lies said, about you enough for you to blow up in anger in front of them.” 
Jinks groaned a soft sound as James added “Anything else, Master Jinks?”
He shook his head no and walked out of the dining room which he went to the elevator figuring that he’ll take it to explore the building. He frowned seeing the doors were shut and remained shutting as he sensed the familiar filming sensation. He examined the walls besides the elevator doors to see on his right were nothing on the wall but on his left was a console that appeared to be for hand scanning from the looks of it. He heard a humming sound of electricity coming from the console reached a hand towards it and felt his hand stop inches away refusing to go any further figured that the electricity on the console was enough to hurt him. Jinks turned around and recalled his mother’s journal. Jinks went to his bedroom, shutting the doors behind him and went to the three drawer dresser next to the bed, where the alarm clock was sitting on top of it. He bent down to open the bottom drawer where he recalled the journal was and froze seeing the drawer was empty which he stared with shock. Jinks exhaled a breath closed the drawer and opened the middle drawer above it to find folded cloth appearing to be blankets inside which he shut the drawer. He opened the top drawer to peer inside seeing folded clothing that appeared to be pajamas which he shut the drawer. He eyed a wall with shelves which he looked at closer inspection walking towards it to find the picture of himself and Tan Lee gone from it. Jinks frowned as a memory of the living room’s contents flashed in his mind. He recalled shelves in the wall empty of things and frowned recalling to himself that they once held pictures of his family along with an urn holding the ashes of a cat named Snowball along with a picture of the feline. 
Jinks exhaled a breath thinking to he, “I’m trapped here.”

“I join his thought for I’m trapped where I am in this cave stuck by compulsion by Zerra keeping me here in Mars as this planet is called. Drat Zerra!
She’s still insisting to me ‘I insist you focus onto Jinks Montreal now! Screw where’s your living!’
Ugh.”

Jinks got a communication from Lance speaking “I want to talk to you face to face.” 
Jinks frowned and went to the chair leaning back shutting his eyes. He dreamed of facing Lance who patted his cheek repeatedly with a hand that made him confused. Jinks frowned as Lance waved a hand in front of his eyes before lowering the hand. 
He felt confusion take hold as Lance spoke “Jinks, from communicating with others, I’m told that there’s a persisting rumor going around that you’re mentally insane.” 
He stiffened feeling himself upset as Lance placed hands on his forehead and chest keeping him calm. 
Lance continued speaking “I heard talk among the Meritanians making it seem like the rumor was started by the High Council as an attempt to discredit you.” 
He felt himself stiffening further as Ramses spoke his familiar question which he felt his eyes forced shut. 

Jinks woke up feeling himself sitting leaning against a padded wall which he jerked opened his eyes looking around discovering that he was in a padded all white area with a small window in the wall with an outline indicating a door on his right. He felt himself filmed eyed the ceiling to see fluorescent lights shining above, along with camera domes in the corners. He looked down at himself to discover that he was wearing white sweat like pants over his underwear that felt like briefs to him, a white tank top felt and hard cloth around his neck, leading from there going to his arms that were folded around his upper body as if held in place. He pulled at the cloth he figured was a restraint only to feel a zapping charge of pain hitting him in the back that made him grunt out loud. Jinks breathed deeply through his mouth as the pain went through him which he breathed hard as the pain stopped. Jinks eyed the door outline to see it open followed by a Highlander with a glare on his face entered the room dressed in a suit with a doctor’s coat over his clothes. Jinks stared at the Highlander who walked up to him and paused from walking to fold his arms. 
Jinks frowned as the Highlander spoke “Who are you, as in your name?”
He spoke “Jinks Montreal.” 
Jinks frowned as the Highlander shook his head and spoke out loud “Ugh, still mentally insane.” 
He spoke “I’m not mentally insane.”
Jinks saw a look of disgust form on the Highlander’s face who spoke ignoring his statement “Hmm still using that identity.” 
He frowned as the Highlander walked away out of the room door shutting behind him. Jinks frowned further forming it on his lips feeling confused with the Highlander’s words. 
He mentally spoke “Father, what’s going on?”
He heard from Lance “Tam, I’m busy at the moment talk to you later.”
He felt sleepiness hit him leaned back and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks woke up feeling a light shining in his eyes that made him blink them. He discovered himself lying on a bed with restraints around his wrists and ankles as the light stopped blaring in his eyes which he saw a flashlight removed itself. Jinks frowned as he saw the familiar Highlander who put away the flashlight and straightened up his form. 
He stared at the Highlander who spoke “Who are you as in your name?” 
Jinks willed the Master through and spoke in the Master’s voice “Jinks Montreal.” 
Jinks saw the Highlander narrow his eyes before speaking out loud “Interesting eye change and voice change ability. It answers some questions.” 
He frowned to will the Master away from him as the Highlander added “This must be put to further discussion.” 
He continued to frown as the Highlander walked out of his eyes sight and he heard a door opening and closing sound loudly. 
Jinks felt he confused with the Highlander’s words mentally spoke “Father, what’s going on?”
He heard an irritated voice from Lance speaking “Tam, I’m still busy so don’t disturb me!”
He groaned softly to stare at the ceiling staring at the fluorescent lights above along with venting grates. He looked at the corners to spot camera domes and felt himself filmed which he raised his head and looked around the room seeing it was square and small with door off his right he figured the Highlander left through. He continued to stare around the room seeing the walls were all white and the door was brown colored. He frowned as smoke spilled from grates in the ceiling entering the room that made him feel sleepy. Jinks yawned and shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

“I figured the memory of Jinks Montreal involved Tam-Mykola MacLeod coming out of containment of a tube and freed to be asked what his name is. Poor Tam must be confusing the memories of his Tam with Jinks. Hence he saying Jinks’ name when he should be saying Tam’s name a pity.
Zerra is heard blaring ‘Not now to focus onto him!’
I’m not sure what she’s meant so I might as well focus onto Tam instead of Jinks. Jinks are boring me at the moment despite Zerra keeps snickering in my mind. 
I hearing her saying ‘Hah, hah your trick isn’t working High Council!’
I realized with a start that she’s telling a trick a clue towards me involving a trick from the High Council. Ugh more memories of Tam-Mykola MacLeod as thought of instead of Jinks Montreal.”

I guess I’ll call him woke up feeling a purring vibration on his chest which he jerked opened his eyes discovering himself back in the padded room wearing restraints on his arms. He sensed himself leaning back in a sitting position on the wall while feeling the floor padded. His eyes showed night vision which he looked down at his chest to see a cat that reminded him of Snowball sitting on its tummy on him. He stared at the cat whose form faded from view as lights above blared on illuminating the room as he heard foot treads heading towards him. He looked off his right to see the familiar Highlander was back escorted by female Human wearing medical scrubs that flashed golden eyes, when he looked at her telling him that she was a Builder. He felt the cat get off his chest by the vibration stop followed by the cat getting off as if picked up. He eyed the Highlander who paused from walking to stand staring at him. 
The Highlander spoke “Who are you as in your name?”
He recalled a conversation with a servant about his name being legally Jinks Montreal when his birth certificate said some other name despite named Tam-Mykola MacLeod. 
Jinks spoke “I took the name of Jinks Montreal as my legal name.” 
He frowned seeing the Highlander’s eyes widen before narrowing as the male spoke “What’s your birth name?”
He got a communication from Lance saying “Robert Van De Leur Junior.” 
He frowned but repeated the name to see the female Builder not look surprised but there was an expression of annoyance on her face as she glared at the Highlander whose expression formed a glare. 
The female Builder spoke in an irritated tone “He’s not mentally insane like people have been saying. He’s fine as far as I’m concerned.” 
Jinks frowned as the Highlander spoke “That’s not the impression I got from people talking to me, Mrs. Van De Leur.” 
He frowned hearing the Highlander refer her by the last name he was told by Lance to say.
He heard Mrs. Van De Leur speak still sounding irritated “My stepson being mentally incompetent is from being upset about people picking on him for taking the name of Jinks Montreal as his legal name, with that his father was recently killed in a car explosion, with no trace of his body found.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing Mrs. Van De Leur’s words as he heard a harrumph in a male tone via voice appearing to be coming from him.
Jinks heard from the Highlander followed by the male speaking “You want to explain this Human God status to me I keep hearing about involving your stepson?”
He heard Mrs. Van De Leur speak “That is from males in the family over the years taking on the name of Jinks Montreal as their legal name and not leaving records of them passing away while using that name. The records have listed their birth names instead of their legal name.” 
He exhaled a breath as the Highlander spoke “That explains some questions I’ve been wondering about. I suggest, Mrs. Van De Leur that you tell the news affiliates of the explanation you gave me regarding the name of Jinks Montreal, and make sure that they’ll back off on picking on your stepson for taking that name.” 
He stared at Mrs. Van De Leur who spoke “Thank you for the suggestion but we already been doing that explanation to the news affiliate. They have been more interested in blare this Human God status instead of the explanation. I heard the reason for that is their trying for sensationalism, as in getting people interested in their news affiliates for money.” 
Jinks groaned softly as the Highlander spoke “I have to recommend, Mrs. Van De Leur that you seek a lawyer for seeing those news affiliates in court, them appearing to not listen to you and picking on your stepson. There’s no law against that in my knowledge.” 
He frowned as Mrs. Van De Leur spoke “A lawyer from the McBroom and Associates contacted me for legal services, just prior to my stepson being put in this asylum. I believe I’ll give him a call at the first opportunity. Now when can we get my stepson released?”
He heard a disgusted sound from the Highlander who spoke loudly “Guards, get the patient out of here for release now!”
“Jinks Montreal, I insists you focus onto.” As blared by Zerra. 
Jinks frowned as two apparent male Humans, arrived in the room wearing all white clothing and masks on the lower half of their faces that went to him lifting him up to a standing position and forced walked him, pass the Highlander and Mrs. Van De Leur to the doorway. He didn’t protest as he was force walked out of the room to an all white hallway with multiple doors in both sides. Jinks felt the floor as linoleum from his bare feet as he was escorted down the hallway while hearing footsteps behind him sounding like the Highlander and Mrs. Van De Leur were following. He kept his mouth shut as he was force walked in the hallway till reaching a dead end and forced to stop. 
He waited as the Highlander came into his eyes sight going to a console putting a hand on it and speaking loudly “Koichi Sokura, password.”
He frowned as the Highlander spoke words sounding like foreign language that sounded like “Death cannot touch us!”
This was followed by seeing red lights flash from the ceiling as the wall appearing to be made out of metal slid open showing another hallway with Humans wearing army combat gear standing in front of doorways having guns in their holsters. He frowned as he was force walked into the hallway and sensed the Highlander and Mrs. Van De Leur following. Jinks kept his mouth shut as he was force walked through the hallway till they turned a corner and reached elevators. The Highlander came into view putting a hand on a console in the wall. He heard a ding sound as one of the elevators’ doors opened which he was force walked inside followed by the Highlander and Mrs. Van De Leur. 
He heard the Highlander speak “Visitors’ floor.” 
He felt the elevator go down humming loudly before stopping with a jerk and doors opening showing a hallway with again armed guards standing in front of doors. Jinks were forced walked out and brought to a door which the guard standing in front of it opened it and brought inside. He saw it was a room with three changing clothes stalls on his left and multiple lockers on his right and halted from walking. Jinks exhaled a breath as he felt a stinging feeling on his back as something like a square metal was removed, followed by the men taking off the cloth restraints off of him and walking out of sight. 
He turned around to see the Highlander who spoke “There are clothes and shoes for him in the lockers which is mandatory for patients being released to wear.” 
He heard Mrs. Van De Leur speak “No protest from me about that.” 
He watched as the Highlander left the room shutting the door behind him. 
He stared at Mrs. Van De Leur who went to a locker and hauled out folded clothing along with a bag that made him think “The bag was a purse including shoes.” 
She put in one of the changing stalls then went back to the locker to pull out folded clothing in blue along with white shoes which she thrust towards him clearing her throat. Jinks took the items from her and went into a changing stall swishing the curtain closed. He changed out of the mental asylum wear keeping the underwear on to clothes he discovered were drawstring sweatpants that felt loose on him. Jinks adjusted the drawstring and a long sleeve sweatshirt that felt big on him which he rolled up the sleeves. Jinks then sat on the bench and examined the shoes seeing that they appeared to be slip on shoes.
They made him think “The shoes were slippers for outside despite the material.” 
He slipped on the shoes and sighed to get up swishing back the curtain and stood waiting as he saw a changing stall curtain closed which he figured that Mrs. Van De Leur was in it changing away. He stood folding his arms with a frown on his face as the curtain swished showing Mrs. Van De Leur with her brown hair pulled back while wearing a dress in purple that reminded him of Peasant wear in the Master Organization and lady like shoes with heels on the bottoms. 
He frowned as she spoke “Robert, I have a hired car ready to take us where we need to go.” 
Jinks frowned hearing her refer him as Robert kept his mouth shut to unfold his arms and nod his head as she added “Come along now.” 
He wordlessly followed her out of the room to turn right and walked down the hallway passing doors till they reached elevators which she pressed a button in the wall. He heard a familiar ding noise as one of the elevators’ doors opened which he followed her inside. He watched as she pressed a button with the letter G on it and felt the elevator go down. He kept his mouth shut as the elevator went down followed by stopping with doors opening showing a covered parking lot garage which he followed her out walking passed various parked cars. They reached a car with a Highlander standing in front of its side while wearing a uniform with a hat on his head. Jinks frowned as the Highlander wordlessly opened the car door which he followed Mrs. Van De Leur inside and felt the door shut behind him. He sighed to hunt for his seat belt finding it and putting it on as he heard Mrs. Van De Leur do the same. 
He frowned as the Highlander got in the driver’s seat and started up the car with verbal commands then heard the male spoke “Destination?” 
Jinks heard Mrs. Van De Leur speak the location to his penthouse building along with “I’m requesting the driver to park on a side street.” which he recognized was where the garage door in the building was. 
He kept his mouth shut as the Highlander drove the car out of the garage into the street among traffic passed buildings he recognized as New York City. 
Sighing he heard Mrs. Van De Leur speak loudly “This is Bianca Van De Leur. I have Robert Van De Leur Junior with me. We’re on the way to the Castle and will need to gain entrance inside due to using a hired vehicle.”
He looked at Bianca he assumed as she paused to see she had a hand sized device held to her ear by her hand he figured was a cell phone. 
He heard Bianca speak “ETA is unknown, traffic but will make contact once we arrive. The driver has been instructed to park in the street, near the garage entrance. I’ll call once we’ve arrived for entrance.” 
He frowned as Bianca removed the device folding it in half and stuffed it in her purse. Jinks watched as she wordlessly looked out the window and appeared to be engrossed with the scenery out the car. Jinks sighed softly as the car drove through the city and arrived to the side street parking near the garage entrance. He eyed Bianca who pulled out the cell phone and watched her press some buttons followed by putting the device up to her ear. 
He listened as she spoke “Bianca Van De Leur. We’ve arrived and are parked in the street.”
He frowned as she paused followed by speaking “Ok will do, bye.” 
He watched as she pulled the cell phone away from her ear folding it in half before turning to face him. 
Bianca spoke “Robert, I’m told that you’re to get out of the car and go to the garage entrance and wait for it to open for you.” 
He nodded his head as she added “Don’t worry about things around here. Let my people handle them alright?” 
He felt her hand pat him on his hand which he nodded his head and unbuckled his seatbelt and got out of the car shutting the door behind him. He felt himself filmed ignored the sensation to quickly jog across the street with no traffic to fight and reached the garage doors which slid up in a quick move. He waited as the doors opened enough for him to jog inside. 
Jinks did seeing guards in the garage room who directed him “You to the elevator!” which he went to and once inside took it to the penthouse. 
He came out of the elevator to meet James who the butler spoke “Good to see you, Master Jinks.” 
Jinks shrugged and bobbed his head as James added “You’ll find everything in order in your bedroom. There’s food ready for you to eat in the dining room once you arrive there.” 
He spoke “Thanks James.” 
He heard James speak “Oh one more thing, once you change your clothes hand me the clothes you’re wearing, I’ll see about getting them deposed for you.” 
He nodded his head and walked away which he went to his bedroom and shut the doors behind him. He eyed the clock seeing it say the time of noon lunch hour and sighed loudly. He went into the bathroom stripping himself of the asylum clothes and eyed the shower figuring he’ll shower due to the griminess he felt on his form. Jinks entered the shower and went to the sink counter to pick up his familiar black clothing and black shoes which he put on his form then brushed his hair neatly. Jinks sighed and leaned against the counter to stare at he in the mirror. Jinks seeing his appearance with a scar on his left side of his face still there, he saw himself looked like a Human male of twenty four years old with long black hair that was straight down fell just below his shoulders and blue eyes that seem to have some oldness look in them to him. He sighed again and picked up the asylum clothes folding them then picked up the asylum shoes. Jinks carried along with the clothes out of the bathroom to the bedroom doors. He opened one door with a hand and walked out to meet James standing in the hallway. Jinks wordlessly handed the items and saw the butler fade from view. He walked to the dining room taking his time and once inside sat down in his familiar spot hands clasped on the table in front of him eyes on the kitchen doors. He waited as Emma arrived carrying a tray with dishware on it and smells of food coming from it that made his stomach rumble feeling himself terribly hungry. He watched as Emma placed the tray in front of him as he removed his hands and turned his attention to the food finding it, two grilled cheese sandwiches with a mound of French fries and two cups filled with pink liquid, he figured was his familiar strawberry milkshake. Jinks attacked the food with gusto finding his stomach’s rumbling not kidding on being hungry from he, gobbling up the food leaving nothing left and gulping down the entire contents of the drinks. Jinks finding them both strawberry milkshake exhaled a breath once done to push the tray back and got up from the table walking out. He went to the TV room to sit and felt sleepiness leaned back and shut his eyes. 
Jinks dreamed of facing Lance who spoke “Jinks, your going to have to drop the fact that you fathered Robert, with anything to do with family members in the past such as Victoria and Katherine.” 
He groaned hearing that as Lance added “Jinks, I mean it with what I said that your appearance age is why you were put in the asylum in the first place.”
Jinks again groaned loudly recalling Lance wasn’t kidding about his appearance age from seeing it in the mirror. 
He stared at Lance who kept talking “I went through a lot of trouble getting descendants of you to declare you Robert Van De Leur Junior with them making documents to prove that you born with that name, over twenty years ago with your son as your father. I even had to convince them to use the excuse of males in the family taking the name of Jinks Montreal. They passing away without giving any records of that just to explain to the press about there being no death record found with that name.” 
He groaned again loudly as Lance paused from talking and heard a cough sound coming from the Meritanians which he looked at them to see they were looking sheepish. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “One more thing Jinks, you should know.” 
He looked at Lance who continued talking “The Meritanians have recently informed me courtesy of the High Council’s order that the High Council insisted you being deathless with usual non Human abilities be kept a secret from the public. The Meritanians indicate with hints, I got the message that the High Council is afraid of people’s cult like reactions of seeing you as a Human God, with enough influence to take away their power hold over people hence their order.”
Jinks groaned softly as Lance paused to place a hand on his shoulder. “I through the Meritanians managed to convince the High Council of what I’ve been doing as in having you declared Robert Van De Leur Junior as a good thing. They responded that they’ll work on getting others to believe in that view with making document records of males holding the name Jinks Montreal as their legal name come to fruition.”
Jinks heard Ramses’ familiar question felt his eyes forced shut woke up to hear knocking sounds on the closed doors which he looked at them to see James come into the room clearing his throat. 
Jinks frowned as James spoke with disgust in his voice tone “You have a visitor waiting in the library.” 
He spoke “Let me guess its Barry.” 
He got a sound of disgust from the butler along with a disgusted expression on James’ face who nodded his head. Jinks exhaled a breath got up from the couch and left the TV room which he went to the library room opening the doors to see Barry inside sitting in a chair. He shut the doors behind him and folded his arms staring at Barry he noticed was still wearing his familiar devices around his neck and wrists. 
Barry spoke “You being put in the asylum were a stunt pulled by the High Council who admitted that to me and told me to tell you that.” 
He felt himself annoyed as Barry kept talking “The High Council think you have too much influence over people especially Humans hence they pulling this joke on you just to discredit you. I aware through them that Lance had to convince people to see you as someone else thanks to that stunt the High Council pulled just to get you out of the asylum. Unfortunately this stunt backfired on the High Council for it garnered more attention aimed at you such as the national news affiliates got a hold of it and is currently having a field day at the moment.”
Jinks frowned as Barry paused to clear his throat then continued to speak “Actually before this mental asylum thing was pulled the news of you being a Human God was limited to the city and local news affiliates. Now thanks to the stunt the Human God status is all over the place nationally and the press is having a field day with it.” 
Jinks groaned loudly as Barry kept talking “The High Council had me transported to you tell you about being responsible for the mental asylum stunt but they didn’t say whether I could tell you anything else which is what I’m telling you.”
He again groaned loudly as Barry added “Chances are the government might get involved with the news of you being a Human God and do something about that. I’m not sure what the government has in mind that the King is a member of the Master Organization. I suspect they might under the King’s influence pass some law that’s beneficial for you but uncertain how good it’ll be for your life.” 
He exhaled a breath as Barry got up and disappeared in a flash of light. He went to a chair in the room and sat leaning back eyes staring at the closed doors mentally relaying Barry’s words in his mind. 
He thought to himself “Father what do you have in mind what Barry told me?”
He felt sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who appeared to be smirking which made him think “My father was up to something.” 
He stared at Lance who spoke “Pity to the High Council that whatever joke they pull on you keeps backfiring on them.” 
He heard the edge in Lance’s voice tone that suggested to him that his father wasn’t saying everything fully. 
He frowned as Lance turned his head towards the Meritanians while speaking “Wouldn’t you agree with what I said, you three?” 
He turned his head to look at the Meritanians which the three plants groaned loudly nodding their heads. 
Jinks frowned as Ramses bowed his head and spoke “High Council there’s a problem detected involving the attempt to discredit Horus to his people. The Humans’ national news affiliates got a hold of his home city’s local news blaring Horus as a Human God and is now having a big fuss about it. This Human God status is now all over the Humans’ mainland blaring through all kinds of communications. I wouldn’t be surprised if the islands get a hold of the news by how blabby the news affiliates are being about this Human God status.”
He frowned as Ramses paused followed by the Meritanians’ sisters bowing their heads and hearing all three plants giving off hmm sounds. He watched as Erra and Terra raised their heads with expressions of shock on their faces while hearing them with their brother groan loudly. 
Ramses he eyed still had his head bowed spoke “Ugh the Shadonia or whatever name their going now other than it unpronounceable have been aware of Horus since a leader of theirs met him but knew him as Osiris back then. For some unexplained reason we’re trying to find out that they now know him as Horus and have been seeing him as a deity which has been for awhile. This deity business I warn you among the Shadonia has been taken quite seriously that it passed down from parent to offspring. We’re trying to find out how serious they are with this deity business the Shadonia we mind scan seem to be aware of their minds scanned and have already known that Highlanders are mind walkers. Their also aware of us someone we’re not sure who blabbing to them about us and the Shadonia when we scan them seem to know we’re doing it when Highlanders aren’t in sight.”
Jinks frown as Ramses paused which he heard snickering sounds coming from Lance and turned to look at his father that still had a smirk on his face. 
He spoke “Alright father what did you do this time?”
Jinks stared at Lance who looked at him while speaking “Just nothing to concern you.” 
He gave up a sound of disgust and looked away towards Ramses to spot the Meritanian’s sisters appeared to be glaring at Lance with their arms folded. 
He frowned as Erra spoke “I don’t find this funny, Lance, and stop laughing.” 
He heard Lance speak with an edge in his voice tone “Sorry just amused that whatever joke the High Council pull on my son keeps backfiring on them.” 
Jinks frowned as he figured that Lance was up to something hence his laughing and sounding it in his voice. 
He stared at Ramses who spoke “Actually just to answer your question we can detect when Lance is communicating to people but not like the way he communicates to Ajax asleep. Also we can’t hear a thing he says to people when he’s communicating with them when he’s doing it while their awake. We can hear everything he says to people when he’s communicating to them asleep. Why are you asking me that?”
Jinks again heard Lance give off a snickering sound spoke out loud “Father don’t tell me you had something to do with the High Council’s jokes on me backfiring on them.” 
Jinks turned to look at Lance, glaring at his father who looked at him smirking.  
Jinks spoke “You had something to do with the Human God status being blared nationally along with the Shadonia seeing me deity like and knowing about the Meritanians?” 
Jinks glared at Lance who spoke “Oops one little detail I forgot to mention to you, Jinks.”
Jinks folded his arms as Lance continued “Awhile back after the Shadonia’s High Lord met you, I contacted him and said ‘That’s my son and not Osiris.’ like he thought. 
That’s all I did with the Shadonia.” 
He heard harrumph sounds coming from the Meritanians as Ramses’ voice spoke “Yeah right, Lance. You did a lot more than contacting the Shadonia’s High Lord after meeting Horus when he was known as Osiris.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing Ramses’ words as Lance spoke “Well Meritanians next time warn the High Lord not to touch my necklace that Jinks found and worn in the Shadonian leader’s presence. Touching that thing gave the High Lord the ability to communicate with me. I’ve been doing it while he was alive. Also how well do you know of the race called Wiser, Meritanians?”
He frowned to look at the Meritanians who had looks of shock on their faces which Ramses spoke “Don’t tell me you had busybodies doing your dirty work among the Shadonia, Lance.”
He heard snickering sounds from Lance which he stiffened hearing as his father spoke “Actually I’m aware that those busybodies you name the Wisers don’t like the High Council. The Wisers from what I observed of them will do anything to make the High Council look bad to people. They’ve have been talking to the Shadonia things, I eavesdropped such as mentioning the location of where the High Council’s home base is, on Shadan, including them being Highlanders. Also the Wisers did mention you three to the Shadonia and informed them of you being mind walkers and the ability to detect their minds scanned.”
He frowned seeing the Meritanians look disgusted as Lance gave up a snickering sound which he looked at his father who kept talking “The Wisers in question have also blabbed to the Shadonia about Highlanders having the mental ability to control males something, the High Lord at the time when I contact him was aware of and passed down to his descendants, at my insisting. The females backed up the Wisers’ talk about the mind controlling on the males, them being very observant towards Highlanders hanging around males and seeing the males doing behavior that was out of character for them.”
He focused his attention towards Lance who added “By the way Meritanians, Wisers from my observations are very fond of Humans especially towards a certain Human who is my son. It was them who arranged my son to meet that High Lord.”
Jinks stiffened feeling himself shocked hearing Lance’s words as his father continued talking “The Wisers have their fondness towards my son have kept an eye on him over the years since they became aware of him. Their responsible for getting the Shadonia see my son deity like.” 
He heard gasps from the Meritanians as Lance kept talking “The Wisers are responsible for making any bad thing the High Council do on the Shadonia backfire on them. Something I learned from the Wisers enough to make any stunt the High Council do on my son, backfire on them.”
He gasped while hearing gasps sounds from the Meritanians as Lance he stared at appeared to have mirth on his face while giving off sounds of laughter. 
Jinks heard Ramses speak “Oh it figures some questionable things we sensed which have now been figured out.” 
Jinks turned his attention towards Ramses seeing the Meritanian have his head bowed as his sisters appeared to look disgusted with arms folded.
He eyed Ramses who again spoke “Ugh remember what we said about the Shadonia? Well Lance just admitted that busybodies have been blabbing all sorts of things to the Shadonia involving you. That’s due to those busybodies don’t like you and will do anything to make you look bad hence they blabbing all over the place to the Shadonia. Also busybodies according to Lance have been making sure any stunts you do to the Shadonia don’t come to fruition.”
Jinks frowned as Ramses kept talking “Lance also admitted that busybodies are very fond of Humans including Horus himself enough to keep tabs on him. Those busybodies are responsible for getting the Shadonia to see Horus deity like something we detected.”
He formed a frown on his lips as he heard Lance give off laughter sounds before cutting off followed by growling noises. Jinks looked at his father having an all black eyed glare aimed at the Meritanians which he felt his eyes forced shut. 

Jinks came to lurching up in the chair, jerking open his eyes while feeling a hand shaking his arm which he saw belonged to James looking annoyed. 
Jinks looked at James questioningly as the butler spoke “Sorry to disturb you from your sleep but you have visitors in the lobby, they can’t come up due to privacy reasons.”
He recalled the meetings with the federal agents spoke with disgust in his voice “Let me guess FBI coming to question me?”
James spoke “I wasn’t told who they were, just told that there were visitors in the lobby requesting you and that they can’t come up.”
He gave up another sound of disgust got up from the chair and walked out of the library sensing James not following him. Jinks went to the elevator finding the doors open and he walked inside. 
He spoke “I verbalized the order to the elevator to go to the lobby.” and felt the elevator go down with a humming sound. 
Jinks folded his arms groaning loudly and thought to himself “What the depths do the FBI want with me to keep repeatedly visit to ask all sorts of questions about my personal life?”
Jinks heard nothing from Lance sensed that his father was busy at the moment angry at the Meritanians for not saying anything about when it was time for him to wake up from the meeting before James entered the room that was found shaking his arm. He felt the elevator stop with a thud followed by doors opening. Jinks walked out arms still folded and felt himself annoyed seeing the familiar four men standing in the lobby room among the guards. 
He walked up to the men and got the familiar badge on wallet showing followed by one of them saying “We’re identifying ourselves as FBI. We’re requesting answers to questions we wanted to ask you.” while again sensing himself filmed by one of them holding up a device pointed in his direction. 
Jinks refrained annoyance from taking hold as the federal agent spoke “What do you know of the news affiliates saying about you?”
He spoke “Their saying that I’m some sort of Human God and that’s all I know.” 
He felt annoyance take control as the federal agent spoke “You care to explain how you found out about this?”
Jinks spoke answering the question struggling to keep his voice tone calm and normal “Someone showed me a tabloid newspaper blaring that on its cover. I read an article about it inside.”
He stared at the federal agent while hearing a throat clearing noise from the male’s companion unsure which one made the noise as the man spoke “What’s the name of the tabloid that you were given?”
Jinks recited the tabloid’s name from memory and added speaking “The tabloid’s editorial talked about it being a special issue focused on one subject, me, by mentioning my name and Human God status.” 
The federal agent spoke “What else did you read from that tabloid?”
He spoke “I only read one article mentioning the Human God status and that was it.” 
He kept his arms folded as the federal agent spoke “You care to say how you reacted to the tabloid’s contents?”
Jinks spoke recalling the tabloid’s article “I reacted with anger that the tabloid’s article, I read made it seem like this Human God status was a new, sensational, fad worth pursuing from getting the impression of its wording.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as he again heard a throat clearing noise narrowed his eyes to glare at the federal agent who spoke “Thank you for your time. We’ll be back for further questions.”
Jinks watched the federal agents leave the lobby going outside. Jinks peered through the glass doors to see armed in military combat uniforms and weapons guards about four of them outside standing in front of the doors. They allowed the agents to pass them then resumed standing in a row blocking his view of outside. He exhaled a breath and heard a throat clearing noise sounding off his left. Jinks looked to see one of his guards a Human standing next to him with an annoyed look on the male’s face that pointed to the elevators’ wall with a finger jabbing it in the direction. Jinks sighed and went to the elevator again pointed out which to take by another guard and he went inside. He felt the elevator go up with a humming sound making noises he ignored while staring at the floor with head bowed. He sensed the elevator stop followed by the doors opening which he looked up to see the penthouse’s living room in his line of sight with James walking inside the elevator. 
He frowned looking at James questioning who spoke “There’s a meeting of Table members happening now. One of them I told is causing trouble, getting drunk and too strong for the others to knock out, just to get this member to sleep the drunkenness off.” 
He gave a sound of disgust as James pressed a numbered button and he felt the elevator go up followed by stopping to show a hallway with double doors on both sides. He followed James out who walked through the hallway and turned to the left after reaching the end part of an end showing another hallway. Jinks frowns seeing people males and females standing in the hallway dressed in office wear business clothes. Jinks counted about eight of them standing in front of a set of closed double doors with two guards wearing Master Organization army clothes facing the doors with their guns pointed at it in their hands. He reached the group to hear pounding on the doors and a male voice faintly coming from it in a voice tone that sounded slurred. Jinks willed the Master through as the guards seeing him nodded their heads as he stood in front of the doors with them besides him. He watched as one guard leaned forwards to put a hand on square hand sized box beeping a red light on the door crack yanking it off then backed away. He watched as the doors slammed open showing, a male Human, dressed in a business suit, stumbling out weave walking while speaking inappropriate language in a slurred tone, told him the man was very drunk. 
Jinks waved a hand and mentally speaking “I’m ordered the male to sleep.” 
Jinks sensed his order obeyed as the male rolled his eyes and fainted face forwards falling towards the floor to lie on it with form still. His form sensed still breathing. 
Jinks recalled a previous conversation talking about Table members being alcoholics spoke “Whose idea was it to have him drank himself drunk?”
He turned to glare at the Table members while folding his arms seeing them all bow their heads to stare at the floor with expressions, he caught on their faces made it seem like they were guilty of getting the male drunk. 
Jinks felt he getting angry spoke in an angry tone “Next time limit the amount of what he drinks and do the same to yourself. I don’t find it amusing having to waste my time handling anyone of you being drunk.  You and the guards can’t do the job. Don’t do this stunt again period or I won’t be that lenient towards you causing this joke.”
He saw the Table members look up with sheepish expressions on their faces turning to grimaces as he glared at each of them with a furious look on his face. Jinks unfolded his arms and walked away down the hallway towards James who turned around and led the way to the elevator. Once inside the elevator he willed the Master away from him and allowed himself to breathe deeply through his nose willing the angry feeling within him to go away as the elevator went down. He felt his anger still within him as the elevator reached the penthouse floor. Jinks walked out followed by James and figured to he to hit the gym room to do karate just to blow off some of the angry feeling within him. Jinks stormed to the gym room and swung open the doors slamming them open and darted inside to attack the punching bag hung in a corner with karate moves repeatedly doing them over and over, while feeling he calming down from the angry feeling running through him. He felt himself calm but tensed up halted his attacking on the punching bag to go to the middle of the room to sit down, doing stretching exercises taking his time and feeling himself relaxing from the movements with some tension felt. 
He exhaled a breath once finished to kneel to mediate finding himself thinking “I’m wondering what’s going on with the situation with the Table members being alcoholics.” 
He recalled to himself “Over the years starting after awhile of I living in the penthouse repeatedly telling off Table members to quit drinking. I wound up having to interfere whenever a member was drunkenly too strong to be knocked out by the other members and the guards. I wound up in putting the drunken member asleep by using the Master within me.” 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth recalling himself “Sometimes I was lenient towards the Table members after knocking out the drunken member.” 
He exhaled another breath through his mouth as he recalled “The punishments punishing the Table members by causing paralysis to hit each of them. They would hit the floor and I would leave them lying there sometimes for the rest of the day and night till in the morning I would return to remove the paralysis.” 
He recalled “Another punishment towards the Table members besides the paralysis was mentally choking them unconscious then removing the paralysis and the choking order. I wound up ordering the guards to have each member brought to their vehicles and removed from the building.” 
Jinks breathed deeply through his nose recalling “The punished Table members would continue to do their drinking having me to repeatedly handle them drunk. That included with punishing them repeatedly them apparently not getting my message.” 
He sighed thinking to himself “What will get the Table members to quit getting drunk when in meetings here and leaving me to knock they out unconscious, with the guards not able to do the job?”
He heard nothing from Lance groaned a soft sound as he heard a door knocking sound loudly behind him followed by a throat clearing noise which he figured was James the butler. 
He spoke still kneeling with eyes closed “Yes?”
He heard James’ voice speaking sounding behind him “Its dinnertime and time for your required nourishment meal.” 
Jinks sighed opened his eyes to get up and turned around to glimpse the clock on the wall near the open doors to see James was correct with his words seeing the time was what he said dinnertime. He walked out of the gym room hearing James shut the doors from behind and sensed the butler following him. Jinks went to the dining room to his familiar spot at the table and sat down seeing nothing on top of it in his spot. He eyed the kitchen doors to see James go into the kitchen. Jinks waited patiently as Emma came out carrying a tray full of dishware smelling of food which confused him as his stomach rumbled making him feel like he was hungry. He frowned as she placed the tray down in front of him and straightened up her form staring at him with a look expecting him to eat the food and drink the cup’s contents. He eyed the food seeing it was something else than his lunchtime meal ate it with gusto finding himself hungry for it. Jinks ate everything on the dish wares of a plate and bowl with silverware then gulped down the drink figuring it was blood from the taste of it. 
He sighed as he finished and pushed the tray away and spoke as Emma bent down to take the tray “I’m surprised that I didn’t get my normal drink of strawberry milkshake this time. What’s up with that?”
He stared at Emma who straightened up her form which she spoke “Just following your personal physician’s orders. I heard a rumor said that you weren’t fed anything while you were locked up in some mental asylum for five days. It’s terrible that they didn’t give you any nourishment, harrumph.”
Jinks frowned hearing Emma’s words which she stood staring at him while holding the tray and he spoke “Dismissed, Emma.” 
He watched her leave the room entering the kitchen with the doors swinging behind her. Jinks sighed and got up from chair figuring that he’ll hit the library to sit and finish his book feeling like he did enough karate for the day. He left the dining room and went to the library entering inside to shut the doors behind him and sensed a light flash, spun around to see Barry standing in the room. 
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke “Excuse me while I sit.”
Jinks watched as Barry went to a chair and sat down leaning back before the Builder spoke “Alright the High Council had supporters complain to a mental asylum that you were mentally insane. Those supporters specified that you were living as Jinks Montreal as some billionaire that passed away too many years ago. You trying to live his life obsessed with this male.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing Barry that kept talking “Well the supporters used your conversation with the FBI talking, about Katherine who passed away years ago as reason for your insanity, your age appearance questioned that claim. The supporters managed to get the mental asylum to order for you committed. So while you were having nap, guards with orders to bring you to the garage room unconscious arrived and put an oxygen mask on you, to keep you asleep. You were carried by stretcher to the garage room to an ambulance sitting outside, it too tall to go in the garage by entrance. The ambulance took you to a hospital connected with the mental asylum where tests were done on you. They discovered your body on the outside is completely human but internally there were Human organs, with some foreign organs detected belonging to the Highlander species and another species which you know who they are.” 
He nodded his head as a memory of meeting Alexei’s twin brother Leader a Zeskaya flashed in his mind as Barry kept talking “They did a blood test on you and the test results came back indicated three species which I already said who they are. After that they put clothes on your form and the arm restraints then put you in a padded room leaving you to wake yourself up. The Highlander doctor who you met worked for the High Council was divided on his loyalty towards them and towards you. You were knocked out by the Meritanians after the doctor’s visit that put you restrained in bed. He couldn’t wake you up, the plants keeping you asleep. 
The doctor wound up discussing, as seen “Jinks Montreal’s eye and voice change ability? Tell me about that.” with a Human doctor who worked for the Master Organization asking for an explanation for the abilities you displayed. 
The Human doctor explained truthfully “The abilities marked him as a vessel of a deity lord named Lance Richard.” 
The Highlander doctor in question had you knocked out and again put in the padded room restrained.”
Jinks frowned forming it on his lip as Barry kept talking “As for Master Lance Richard, I suspect he manipulated your descendants to flaunt to the news affiliates in their home locations the New York City’s news of you being a Human God. The press at those places had a field day about it. The other news affiliates in different locations nearby those press having a field day picked up the news and started having a fuss about it hence its now national news.”
Jinks exhaled a breath frown still on his lips as Barry paused to clear his throat then continued speaking “He manipulated Bianca Van De Leur your son Robert’s wife to visit the mental asylum as an attempt to get you out with the claim of you being her stepson and with his help managed to get you out freed.”
He nodded his head as Barry continued talking “That’s not the only manipulating he has done towards people and yourself. He manipulated the Wisers aware of it, but doing it willingly when he had a body to help him with assisting the Shadonia during their problems. The Wisers stopped helping him when they made it clear that the Shadonia didn’t need his help anymore. The High Council via Meritanians caused him manipulated by the Meritanians repeatedly to visit Human alcoholic places and drink himself drunk, only to get kicked out of villages once sober and outcast by people refusing to have nothing to do with him. Lance Richard according to records wound up meeting a human female answering to the name of Jacinda. He had a sexual relationship with her and she wound up carrying only to lose the baby dubbed Dalton to the Ghost Walkers. Lance Richard wound up keeping his relationship with Jacinda but only by friendly terms with no sexual contact between them even till she passed away.”
Jinks nodded his head as Barry kept on talking “I should remind you that the High Council acquired Dalton through the Meritanians transporting him, after hearing about him and that he was a mind walker a specialized one. He was transported after the Ghost Walkers all of them passed away, not having any females to pass on their race. Dalton at the moment is in suspended animation sleep while parts of him have been taken and implanted in Highlander females, hoping to breed a mind walker with abilities that is considered stronger that Highlander but the results have turned out to be offspring that is fully like Dalton. Once the offspring have reached the age of five years they have been put in life tubes asleep just to keep them alive while they grow to adulthood, being aware that their linked by mind through a male mind walker. Dalton is capable of being that mind walker.”
Jinks frowned as Barry paused before continuing talking “I heard something interesting among the government during a discussion of this Human God, status they heard from news affiliates blare it. The discussion is focused on whether to have you declared a royal and have a title, possibly Emperor, given to you and have people refers you as royalty.”
He exhaled a breath hearing Barry’s words as the Builder kept talking “The royal title thing was thought up by a senator who heard some offhanded comment said by the King referring ‘Jinks Montreal is royalty.’ 
The king said that comment during a press conference when he was trying to avoid answering a question of being asked ‘What about worshiping Lance Richard, as a deity being a member of the Master Organization with members are said to worship him?”
Jinks frowned as Barry added “It’s all I know.” 
He watched as Barry got up and disappeared in a flash of light. He frowned and figured to go to his bedroom for privacy to think to himself. He went to his bedroom leaving the library and shut the doors to the bedroom closed behind him and went to sit in a chair. He felt a compulsion to kneel hit him arrive which he kneeled and stiffened with shock as a Banshee walked into his eyes sight to stand in front of him putting clawed hands on his cheeks. He jerked his head up shutting his eyes while arching his back as he saw in his mind was a hallway with open doorways on both ends, and his view stopped at a closed door with words appearing to be foreign language he couldn’t read. He felt compelled to open the door which he obeyed to the feeling sliding it open. He saw the familiar door dubbed Darkness appear with the hallway gone and saw the door burst into pieces as he felt the Darkness take control of him but the itchiness in his back wasn’t there. He jerked opened his eyes to discover the Banshee was gone, while having back straight and head bowed. Jinks stood up and blinked his eyes to discover himself in the High Council’s throne room restrained by guards. 
He heard Shad speak “Knock him out now.” 
He stiffened as Anubis began whacking him on the head with his staff making him dizzy which he felt sleepiness surrendered to the feeling and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks woke up finding he, lying on a bed wearing just his underwear shorts while restrained partly with hands to a bar by an easy torn away rope, he sensed as he heard a door opening sound. He looked to see Elina come into the room dressed in a short white dress with short sleeves that went to him straddling him and kissed him on the lips. He again heard the familiar words spoken as before when he kissed her which she broke off the kiss then began yanking at his underwear.
Jinks willed the Master through thinking “She’s going to mate with me.” 
He glared at Elina who stopped her yanking to stare at him in the face with a horror look before darting off of him heading towards the closed door banging on it while yelling “Help! Let me out!” 
Jinks felt an urge to kill hit him easily broke the rope off of his hands and got up from the bed, walked towards Elina still banging on the door appearing to not notice him. He grabbed her head and heard her gasp which he gave it a snapping twist jerking motion while hearing a crack sound and felt her become limp in his arms sensing that she had died from that. Jinks dropped Elina’s body feeling the urge left him and sensed no filming devices in the room or anything recording the scene. Jinks blinked his eyes to find himself in the penthouse bedroom and the alarm clock he saw say it was still day but in the early afternoon. Jinks willed the Master away from him to go into the closet to put on fresh clothes and walked out of the bedroom to meet James in the hallway. 
He frowned as James spoke “There’s visitors in the lobby and that they can’t come up due to privacy reasons.”
Jinks figured to himself that they were the FBI took the elevator to the lobby and found his hunch wrong when he saw two cops in the room who proceeded to arrest him which he found himself confused about the arresting. He frowned as they hauled him through the lobby taking a stairwell route to the garage room and out of the room where he saw a parked car in the street have a yellow police tape surrounding it and felt confused on what happened. He saw the sunlight was slowly dimming by the looks of it fading as he was escorted into a cruiser and put inside. 
He frowned as a cop sitting shotgun twisted his form and spoke “A female identified as Elina Soto, was found dead on top of a car with neck broken, by an anonymous caller reporting it.”
Jinks frowned figuring to he “The High Council pulled another stunt on me again.” as the cop continued talking “Witnesses saw Elina go inside the building. Witnesses saw you act like you wanted her sexually. There’s a recorder showing one of the guards coming out of the building through garage entrance carrying Elina and dumped her on top of the car and walked back inside. Elina’s body is being examined for further evidence to figure out who actually did the murder which fingers are pointing at you.”
He figured to himself that the High Council set him up as the cop twisted his form around which he saw another cop get into the car in the driver’s seat starting it up and driving it through the city. He frowned as the cruiser arrived at a precinct building and waited as both cops got out of the car and let him out hauling him inside the building as darkness arrived. He found himself getting annoyed with the High Council and the stunt they pulled as he was escorted through the building and placed in a cell and freed of the handcuffs. Jinks paced feeling his annoyance take control that made him feel furious. He knelt to calm down using mediation and found it worked got up to sit on the bench eying the door as the lights go out abruptly. He frowned as night vision flashed in his eyes sight as he saw the cell door open and blinked from the glare of a flashlight shining on him. 
He heard a male voice speaking “Alright get up now.” 
Jinks didn’t comment obeyed walking towards the door to stand as he felt himself handcuffed by the cop and escorted out into the hallway. Jinks saw standing at the end with night vision, was the four horsemen which one flicks out a sword and figured that the High Council set the four onto him. He saw one at the end hold up a hand aimed at his brothers and then the men disappear in a flash of light. 
He frowned as the cop spoke sounding confused “What the depths was that light show?” 
He kept his mouth shut hearing the nervousness in the cop’s voice despite sounding confused which he was escorted to the lobby and forced to sit down in a chair. 
Jinks frowned as he heard the cops all around him gathered with shining flashlights appearing to sound like an argument arguing “Who’s going down to the basement to examine the breakers and see if the outage was related to that?! The other buildings outside are lighted up! You go! No you go!” 
He stiffened as he felt a hand feeling Human like touch his cheek which he didn’t see the hand’s owner as he felt hands invisible to him touch his body sparing his sensitive part all over as if their taking their turns. 
He thought to himself “What is the Charon doing touching me like that?”
He got a communication from Lance saying “Their not Charon.” 
He felt confused mentally spoke “Who are they anyway?”
He got no answer from Lance as the hands stopped their touching followed by the lights above turning on. Jinks heard nervous laughter sounds coming from the cops who leave the lobby going elsewhere which some are remaining in the room working. 
Jinks mentally thought to he “What got the cops afraid of the basement?”
He got a reply from Lance speaking “The precinct is the same one Margo died in. The cops have figured out that some ghostly being not Builder killed her. They think the ghost’s home is in the basement of the building. The lights were seen making mysterious on and off movements in the basement and flashlights being drained of power. The area gives the cops a bad feeling of being in there that makes them scared enough to not go in there.”
Jinks frowned but mentally spoke “What’s the High Council doing pulling this stunt of me killing Elina and sickening cops onto me?”
He frowned as he got nothing from Lance mentally added yelling “I want to know!”
He heard “I’m busy at the moment and can’t talk now but can talk later.” 
Jinks frowned as he sat feeling himself ignored by the cops till a voice loudly spoke “Excuse me!”
Jinks looked at the voice to see a male Highlander dressed in a suit looking annoyed standing in front of the lobby desk which the cops he noticed looked in the his direction. 
Jinks frowned as the Highlander spoke “What do you plan to do with my client Jinks Montreal, I heard nothing about being charged for murder just arrested for accessory to murder? The murderer was fingered as one of his guards.” 
He frowned as one of the cops went up the Highlander and spoke “The guard was killing the victim of Mister Montreal’s orders who found displeasure with her, rejected his interests in mating with her and ordered her killed which a guard did it.” 
He felt himself annoyed hearing that as the Highlander spoke “Prove that theory besides words.”
He figured to himself that it was why he was arrested and frowned as there was a loud phone ringing noise sounding loudly. 
He heard the cop yell “Someone answer that thing now! I’m busy talking to the criminal’s lawyer!” 
Jinks frowned as the Highlander, he figured was a lawyer who spoke “Your words are hearsay as in theory and not fact and those words should be proven period. Also that Mister Montreal had nothing to do with that female’s murder.” 
Jinks frowned as the cop and the lawyer got into an argument talking about he.
Cop was saying “Mister Montreal does having to do with Elina’s murder.” 
The Highlander saying “I’m insisting Mister Montreal had nothing to do with the murder!”
The cop kept saying “I’m insisting Mister Montreal had something to do with the murder!’ 
Jinks felt he annoyed as he heard a loud howling sound that shut up the Highlander and cop which he looked at his left to see a cop holding a phone looking annoyed. 
He frowned as the cop spoke “The morgue just called to say ‘The victim dubbed Elina Soto was identified as a prostitute murderer nicknamed Black Widow who has been going around killing Human men by sickening them with poison in her by mating.’ 
There are outstanding warrants for her arrest in several cities in the state including Connecticut. Along with there’s a huge bounty on her by some rich socialite who’s husband was one of the victims killed that wants her dead period.” 
He frowned as the Highlander spoke as the cop pause sounding sarcastic “What murder is being charged towards my client when there isn’t one?”
He heard loud groaning noises sounding in the room and figured to himself that he got off free from the murder charge as he found himself forced up and freed from the handcuffs and then told by a cop “Your to get out and don’t show your face in here again!” 
Jinks didn’t comment walked out of the precinct followed by the Highlander to meet under the city lights a glare of news affiliates flashing cameras aimed at him along with microphones aimed at him while feeling himself filmed. 
He heard various news reporters yelling “We’re asking Mister Montreal for comments on killing off a reputed murderer named Black Widow!” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as the Highlander grabbed his arm and pulled him through the throng to a parked limo which he was gestured to go inside which he obeyed as the Highlander let go of his arm. Once inside he found Barry sitting in a seat that confused him as the door shut behind him. 
He sensed the limo drive as Barry spoke “The High Council forgot that Elina Soto was actually an assassin killing of men through mating by giving them poison from her system. I’m unsure if she was actually working for the High Council or by herself alone.”
He frowned as Barry kept talking “Mind walkers in the past have taken advantage of you being part Highlander by compel order you to kill people by mentally giving the order hence you having an urge to do it and doing the killing.”
Jinks stiffened hearing that as Barry kept talking “I suspect that Elina detected the compel order within you hence she having a freaked out reaction when alone with you. You killing her off which her body was transported by the Meritanians to the garage room in front of a Highlander guard divided on loyalties towards the High Council and to you. The guard in question deposed the body outside and then made an anonymous phone call to the police who found her lying on a car dead.” 
He groaned loudly as Barry paused then continued to speak “Mind walkers can still compel order you to kill but they’ll get resistance to the order, you can refrain yourself from acting it out.” 
He exhaled a breath hearing that as Barry added with an edge in his voice tone “You’re now immune to Builder’s voice orders.” 
He frowned as an image of a Banshee flashed in his mind which he figured that Barry was aware of what the Banshee did to his mind as in making the Darkness in control permanently. He frowned as Barry disappeared in a flash of light which he looked out the window at the lighted up city as the car reached the Castle building and went into the garage room which he got out and met James standing nearby. 
Jinks frowned as James spoke “Greetings, Master Jinks. I’m happy to see you.” 
He heard an edge in James’ voice tone that suggested the Butler was hiding something but kept his mouth shut figuring out that the Builder won’t be easy forthcoming with what he’s hiding recalling not easily getting information from a previous butler despite threatening the male. 
He kept his mouth shut as he and James went into the elevator and took it to the penthouse which once inside he spoke “Has there been any news on things related to me you might have heard?”
James spoke “I haven’t heard anything.” 
He heard the edge in James’ voice along with detecting his comment as a lie which he got a communication from Lance saying “Go to bed and go to sleep now period!” 
He frowned but went to his bedroom to shower and put on his pajamas and went to the bed lying on it pulling the blankets up and shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who looked annoyed while glaring at the Meritanians. 
He frowned as Lance looked at him and spoke “The Meritanians when they told me that the Ghost Walkers passed away forgot to mention a certain detail about them is the species evolved from their humanoid cat bodies to Humans, with abilities to hide in hidden states. They appear to be similar to a Human male named Alexei Zesky who is deathless and has ability to hide in hidden state along with moving in fast speeds. They also have weapons such as swords that come out of their arms with a hand movement.”
Jinks frowned as he recalled meeting Alexei’s twin brother Leader flashing in his mind as Lance’s eyes flared all black which made him nervous followed by being gagged on the throat which confused him. 
Lance spoke “I’m not pleased to find out that you had an encounter with one of them revealing their form to Alexei in his presence and never mentioned that to me till now.”
Jinks felt he confused thinking “How did Lance found out about that?”
He heard Lance speak as if answering his question “I got this information from seeing it in your mind.” 
He heard giggling sounds coming from his right which he figured to himself that the Meritanians pulled the image out of his mind for Lance to see. 
He gagged out “I’m told that their called Zeskaya some deathless Human like race living in secret. They’ve been keeping an eye on me from time to time.” 
He heard a loud ahem sound from the Meritanians as he felt Lance stop gagging him followed by voice speaking “Predecessor, what’s up with gagging my father?”
Jinks kept his mouth shut recognizing the voice as Ajax as he was forced to stand with front facing the plants by Lance who flared Human blue eyes. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “I was telling off your father to let me handle the situation involving Elina Soto some assassin killed off by your father himself. The Humans or First Ones have dropped the charges that Elina was some assassin that killed Human males.” 
He frowned as Ajax spoke “That’s not the impression I got from the High Council involving Elina. They were trying to make the First Ones see my father in a bad light. I was recently told of supporters of the High Council sending recordings of Elina admitting to mating with a Human male that had poison in his system using her for mating and lying about the poison that also got into her. This mating made her expecting which she lost the baby. Her doctor recommended her to be implanted to prevent another carrying state. The poison in her system would kill any baby she carries. The recording has already been sent to news affiliates at the moment.”
He felt himself annoyed hearing that as Lance spoke “When was the recording sent? Why was your father freed from jail and allowed to go home instead of being charged with murder?”
He felt annoyance become more dominant felt Lance’s hand on his shoulder fingers digging into him which he figured to keep himself calm. 
He eyed Ajax who spoke “The recording was sent soon after Elina’s body was transported from the High Council’s base to the First Ones’ mainland in front of a supporter who left the body easy for the authorities to find it.”
Jinks willed he to calm as Ajax kept talking “I’m aware that the First Ones on the mainland have been making a big fuss about my father being some deity lord. I think that the jail my father was in couldn’t handle the news affiliates pressuring them for statements from him or from them regarding the case of Elina. They sent him home to get the press off from pressuring them on the case.” 
He frown hearing that as Ajax continued talking “I got the impression from the Meritanians, talking earlier that the public is more interested in my father being a deity lord than him killing Elina. The press has dubbed her by this name of Black Widow an assassin gone around killing Human males through mating. I’m not sure if the assassin is actually Elina or some other female doing it because the High Council have been tight lipped on whom their assassins are and haven’t mentioned their identities to me.” 
Jinks formed a frown on his lips as he heard Ramses speaking sounding like he’s talking to the High Council “High Council the First Ones have identified Elina Soto as some female assassin dubbed Black Widow that goes around poisoning males to death by mating as in transmitting the poison in her system to the male to die from it. The recording from you sent has been declared the reason why Elina became an assassin and murdering males which the public is buying the explanation. They think Horus figured out who the Black Widow assassin was lured her to his building and had her killed off. The authorities are balking on charging him for the crime due to figuring out that he did the deed from their examinations of Elina’s body which identified her as an assassin hence their balking.” 
He looked at Ramses as his eyes get forced shut which he came to feel a poking feeling in his stomach that feels like a staff rod end lurched up in a sitting position while opening his eyes. He felt his arms grabbed by the familiar clawed hands forcing him up to stand as he again found himself in the High Council’s throne room. 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke with sarcasm “We will bring you down permanently and will see that the First Ones will see you as a bad person and will do what it takes to make sure this comes to fruition.” 
He glared as Onya spoke “Erra dump him in the ocean in King Winter’s Kingdom and make sure boats stay away from him period.” 
He blinked his eyes to discover himself in his bedroom of the penthouse and got a communication from Lance saying “The Meritanians aren’t happy with the High Council at the moment hence Erra disobeying their dumping order.” 
He heard nothing else from Lance figured he might as well go back to bed seeing its midnight on the clock. Jinks dreamed of he standing next to a tree peeking through the plant fronds to see Lance in his eyes sight on the beach with Ajax next to him. 
He frowned as Lance spoke sounding loud enough for him to overhear “Ajax tell the High Council that I detect a group of First Ones have become obsessed with your father as in willing to follow him to death, fight for him in battles including that their aware of the High Council’s view on him. They have counter attacked everything the High Council have thrown against your father and is in process of doing a campaign to that the High Council as enemies of your father and the First Ones. They have been making no secret of what the High Council have been doing to your father over the years he lived, including every single torture and manipulating done on him to news affiliates, have begun to blare it, the High Council declared an enemy.” 
He frowned as Ajax spoke sounding dejected “I don’t have to tell the High Council what was said between you and me, Highlanders are scanning my mind I’m told and have been relaying everything to the High Council the whole time I’m meeting you while asleep.”
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “Fine but I detect others seeing the High Council in a bad light and have been campaigning to others including the Shadonia to view them as enemies and now worth following. I’m not sure what their actual reason for the campaigning in the first place.”
Jinks felt his eyes forced shut felt himself passing out unconscious woke up by the alarm blaring in his ear which he opened his eyes to glare at it seeing its eight o’clock in the morning. He got up from the bed and went into the bathroom figuring that he’ll get dressed and brush his hair which he did to go to the bedroom doors yanking them open to see James with his familiar look. He ignored James to walk to the dining room to sit and waited as Emma walked out of the kitchen carrying a tray which she set in front of him then gave him a look expecting him to eat. He ate everything on the plate and drank up the cup’s contents then left the dining room going to the gym room.
Jinks thinking to he “I might as well practice karate.” 
He proceeded to do a black belt Kata then once done did some stretching exercises and swung himself up with a karate move walking out of the room to meet James looking annoyed. 
He frowned as James spoke “There’s visitors in the lobby and that they can’t come up, privacy reasons.” 
He gave up a sound of disgust went to the elevator and took it to the lobby to meet four cops, two handcuff him and he is hauled outside through the front entrance to meet a crowd of people that is news affiliates, reporters, flashing cameras aimed at him.
They overheard were saying “We’re asking for comments for Elina Soto’s death. Some female called the cops and said that she was the Black Widow and gave clear details to each of the murders that only the authorities and assassin were aware of.” 
He felt himself getting angry hearing that figured that it was another stunt pulled by the High Council halted the Cops’ hauling. 
He yelled loudly despite the cops’ attempts to push him forwards “The High Council made it clear to me that they want me dead! They will do anything to see that happen including trashing my reputation to make it easier to kill me off!” 
He paused to feel himself forced walked forwards whom he continued to yell “It’s not the first stunt the High Council pulled on me! They’ve done it over the years I’ve lived!”
He felt himself forced into a cruiser and door shut in his face which he felt himself getting angrier at the High Council allowed the emotion to take control to growl an angry sound as he sensed the car start up and ignored the scenery outside. 
He ranted loudly “The High Council is dead to me for they pulled their last stunt on me. I’m fed up with them doing stunts just to get me dead including manipulating my life to suffer torture from their attempts to kill me off. I’m sick of it.” 
He continued to rant over and over while sensing himself filmed “The High Council is dead to me.”
He cut his talking as a rage episode arrived within him and he lost it to come finding himself lying on a cot bed with fluorescent lights blaring overhead. Jinks felt he still angry while feeling himself irritated sensing that he was drugged as in knocked out when he had a rage episode. Jinks got up from the cot bed to look around discovering that he was in a large cell with stone cement walls on three sides of him and a barred fence in front of him while sensing himself filmed. He saw a curtain hiding a corner of the cell on his right from behind him which he went to swishing open the curtain to see its hiding a toilet with a sink. Jinks swished the curtain shut behind him for privacy figuring out that his irritate feeling is, from his body wanting the drug out of his system and wants him to expel it which he put hands on his pants’ waist. 

Jinks came out feeling himself much better while wiping his wet hands on his pants to hear a throat clearing noise which he looked at the fence to see a Human cop a male with nervousness in his eyes, sees the man grimace from him glaring at him. 
Jinks folded his arms as the cop spoke sounding nervous “A Highlander lawyer, from McBroom and Associates, came to the precinct to represent you. The lawyer has said some words to the news affiliates gathered outside to respond to your outburst as you were led away to a cruiser. 
The lawyer said ‘The female who called was paid to say her words from Highlanders supporters of the High Council, reading the minds of cops, examining the Black Widow case. There were three High Council groups before the current one that were assassinated by assassins. The current High Council group has taken up to blaming Jinks Montreal, for the deaths.”
He made it seem like the High Council was doing anything to make sure you die including shredding your reputation to us Humans.” 
He gave up a growling sound very loudly feeling he still furious as the cop continued speaking “The majority of the public around the city have been protesting your arrest after the news affiliates said it. Your outburst including your angry tantrum witnessed in one of our vehicles which we had to dart you out unconscious.” 
He felt a headache of his mind scanned to frown thinking what the Meritanians want with him only to feel his angry mood go away leaving him calm. Jinks found he no longer angry to stop forming a glare on his face as the headache left him. 
He spoke as the cop paused “What you supposed to be doing besides telling me what’s going on around the city?”
He frowned as the cop spoke sounding nervous “Nothing and that I’m wanted elsewhere.”
His senses blared “It’s a lie!” as the cop jogged out of sight and heard a door opening and closing sound followed by silence. 
Jinks frowned as he went to sit on the cot leaning against the wall finding part of it attached to the wall which he stared at the fenced wall. He heard nothing but silence to sense he’s being filmed, looked up at the ceiling to spot camera domes with red dots in them in the corners. He exhaled a breath as he heard nothing but stiffened as he senses a hand touch his cheek which he don’t see the hand’s owner due to it being hidden. He sensed hands touching him all over sparing his sensitive part as he sat leaning back on the cot back on the wall. 
He figured that the hands belong to the Ghost Walkers who evolved into Zeskaya that are touching him that make him think “I’m wondering what’s up with that touching.” 
Jinks got a communication from Lance saying “The Ghost Walkers, who evolved as Zeskaya, have set the precinct as their home base from traveling around. Their communicating to you by letting you knows that you’re not alone in the cell by them touching you.” 
He frowned as the hands stop touching him to feel pressure on the cot next to him to figure that a Zeskaya was sitting next to him on the cot bed. Jinks eyed the fenced wall to see part of it slide open like a door followed by a light show and the door part sliding shut with a bang sound. 
Jinks figured to he “A Zeskaya must have traveled someplace else. I wondered how long I’m going to be in this cell for while the cops sort out the mess the High Council caused.”  
He frowned to feel sleepiness yawned and laid his form on the cot feeling his head lying on a Humanoid’s lap. He felt hands Human like stroke his forehead as he felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feel a hand shaking his shoulder which he jerked open his eyes to feel his head off the lap and on the pillow and saw a cop leaning over him while looking nervous by the male’s facial expression. 
He felt annoyance glared at the cop who spoke with nervousness in his voice tone “The Mayor of the city has gotten involved in the case and told us to release you to your home. 
That’s receiving too many numerous complaints from people through all sorts of communications saying ‘We’re complaining about the High Council manipulating our life with all sorts of things including having family members killed off with the group taking responsibility to make sure that we comply with their orders.’”
Jinks frowned feeling annoyance left him as the cop straightened up his form. Jinks got up from the cot and followed the cop out of the cell to see a hallway with identical cells on both sides with a door at the end. He wordlessly followed the cop to the door that opened it revealing a stairwell, followed up several flights of steps then stopped at a door. Jinks followed the cop through the door who opened and closed it revealing the lobby room which he paused as the cop paused from walking. 
The cop he saw turned to face him pointing a finger, at the entrance “That’s the way out so go. There’s a car for you waiting outside so get out of here now.” 
Jinks obeyed without commenting only to stiffen seeing a barrage of news affiliates cameras, reporters holding microphones and people gathered on both sides of the entrance held back by rope barricades. He saw a limo parked at the curb at the end of the news affiliate group with a Highlander driver he recognized as his that opened the car door. 
Jinks walked through the group hearing reporters yelling all sorts of questions aimed at him overlapping as he got a communication from Lance telling him “Your not to talk to the reporters period!” 
He obeyed to get into the limo and felt the door slam shut behind him, sat back and stiffened seeing sitting in a seat sideways opposite him was Barry who was still wearing his familiar devices. 
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke “I told the High Council that you weren’t happy with what they told you on a previous visit. Also I told them that you were cranky from not enough sleep. Your body going into a trance detected in Ajax when you both talk to Lance Richard and that you didn’t get much rest. This not enough rest ruined your mood enough to have an outburst while led away by the cops. I used the example of you blowing a temper tantrum while in the police’s car as proof of that crankiness. The High Council saw clear in my mind.”
Jinks frowned as Barry continued speaking while sensing the car start up and moving “I should warn you that your outburst was broadcasted during the city and nationally by news affiliates, got way too many people all over mainland brave enough to speak out complaining about what the High Council did to them to every single news affiliate in their area. The press is having a field day with that locally and nationally all over the mainland. I wouldn’t be surprised if the High Council retaliates against you for that outburst but I’m not sure what they’ll do and when they’ll do it.” 
He groaned loudly as Barry he saw disappeared in a flash of light which he peered out the window to see it drive to the Castle then went into the garage room. Jinks saw James standing nearby that walked up the car opening the door and he got out to hear the butler slam it shut behind him. 
He spoke “James, have you heard anything related to me or what the news affiliates have been talking about?”
He stared at James who formed a big frown on his face before speaking “I heard all sorts of things about you, Master Jinks. Some of those things aren’t appropriate for me to say that I’m aware that you will get into an angry tantrum from hearing about it. That’s all I know despite being aware that you know some of those things.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut nodded his head and wordlessly followed James to the elevator taking it to the penthouse. Once inside he went to the library to sit in a chair feeling no book between the chair and cushion as he leaned back shutting his eyes feeling himself needing to sleep. He felt himself passing out unconscious welcomed the feeling hitting him.

Jinks came to feel a hand shaking his shoulder which he opened his eyes looking to see James leaning over him that removed his hand straightening up his form. 
He stared at James who spoke “It’s time for your required meal and you should go eat it.”
He didn’t protest got up and left the library sensing the butler not following him. Jinks went to the dining room to find a tray full of food in dishware on the table in his familiar spot. He felt himself terribly hungry sat down and gobbled up the food using silverware along with gulping down the drink of strawberry milkshake he tasted. Jinks once done with the food and drink got up and went to the TV room figuring that he’ll watch a DVD which he went to. He went to the familiar armoire to peer inside and frowned seeing no DVDs in it which he figured to himself that technology must have improved to have something else than that. Jinks went to the TV checking it, to see it, was the same as before and checked below it the console to see a DVD like shaped box, but appearing to look different from as before. He frowned feeling confused but figured that the box must be a new version of DVD straightened up his form. 
He went to the couch and sat and spoke the command “On towards the TV!” to see it flicker still showing blue but with dates on it in a list from top to bottom in the middle of the screen along with an arrow symbol pointing down. 
Jinks frowned as he got a communication from Lance speaking “The dates are recorded events happening that day so go to the date you’re born. You’ll see what’s recorded.” 
He frowned but obeyed ordering the TV to go to the date of his birth and play the recording. He kept his eyes on the screen to see it flicker, showing a woman with short hair wearing a hospital gown with abdomen swollen while having legs bent and making grunting noises with the camera view, baring her sensitive part below the waist with hands appearing to be gloved, having hands on the area. Jinks stiffened recognizing the woman as his mother and realized that it was a birthing scene showing he, being born. Jinks saw her push him out as a baby with the hands’ having hands on him, helping her get him out. He watched as himself as a baby was completely taken out and placed on his mother’s front that put hands around him cradling him to herself while appearing to look relieved and happy from the expression on her face. 
Jinks watched the scene and heard his mother spoke in a happy tone “Robert.” 
He exhaled a breath as screen flickered going back to blue and dates, he saw with the year he was born at the end of them. Jinks sighed leaning back on the couch feeling he sad, realizing and remembering, his mother didn’t live to see him graduate from college. This was one of her dreams she shared with him when he graduated from high school. He sighed to feel sadness hit him as he felt tears fall from his eyes. Jinks allowed them through running down his cheeks as recalled memories of his mother, sharing her dreams she wanted him to do for her, while he was growing up being raised by her. He exhaled a breath through his mouth allowing himself to remember memories of his mother flashing in his mind, reverie broken by a hand touching him on the shoulder, jerking him from his mental thoughts. 
Jinks looked to see the hand’s owner was James who was frowning before the butler spoke “You have visitors in the lobby identified as FBI who can’t come up according to privacy laws. Their according to the guards are here to question you again subject involving the death of a female named Elina Soto. Would you like me to tell the guards to tell the Federal Agents that you’re indisposed at the moment and would not be coming down to talk to them?”
Jinks stared at James while feeling the tears still running down his face and sadness hitting him which he spoke in a broken voice “Just…go…aw…ay…”
He heard James say something which he ignored and felt the butler’s hand off his shoulder followed by doors closing sounds. Jinks leaned forward on the couch putting his hands on his face and allowed he, to continue crying tears feeling himself terribly upset running through him. He felt sleepiness hitting him hard leaned back on the couch removing his hands and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks dreamed of facing Lance who hugged him hard as he burst into tears weeping while clings his hands, on his father’s clothes in tight grips. He continued to cry tears while feeling Lance rub his back as he felt himself stopping being sad, followed by a calmness feeling hitting him. The feeling made him feel happy having his father hugging him. Jinks felt Lance stiffen followed by his father forcing himself away from him to place hands on his forehead and chest keeping him in a calm mood which he didn’t protest to the touching. 
He stared at Lance who spoke sounding calm “There was nothing I could do, Jinks, to prolong her life for you. I’m sorry that I suggested that you view that recording. I didn’t realize that it would get you very upset.” 
Jinks groaned loudly as Lance paused to pat him on the chest and rub his forehead but resuming keeping his hands on him before speaking “Don’t worry you’ll get over this enough to accept it. Just hope that the pain will be bearable for you whenever you think of your mother and recall memories of her.”
He groaned as his eyes were forced shut and he came to feel a hand on his shoulder shaking the area. Jinks jerked open his eyes lurching up as the hand removed from his shoulder. He heard a throat clearing noise sounding off his right looked to see James looking annoyed by the facial expression. 
Jinks felt himself in a calm mood with his eyes and face dried of tears as he stared at James who spoke sounding irritated “The FBI agents have produced some computer document saying ‘We have some state judge’s permission to go into Mister Montreal’s home to arrest him and bring him to a precinct for further interrogation providing, he don’t come down to talk to us.’ 
The guards at the moment are stalling the Federal Agents, with the claim of saying ‘Your document has to be checked out first before we comply with your demands.’ 
This has resulted in an argument that is happening at the moment. What do you recommend should be done about this?”
Jinks felt disgust hit him spoke “I’ll come down and talk to the FBI but tell the guards to keep the Federal Agents’ questioning short and be ready to remove them at my order. I’m not in a talking mood. I detest having to repeatedly answer the Federal Agents’ ridiculous questions about my personal life I prefer to keep private at the moment.” 
He got up seeing the butler nod his head and stalked to the elevator. Jinks took to the lobby to walk out seeing guards and four familiar men standing in the room that made him feel disgust. 
He walked up to the four men and spoke sounding annoyed “I’m told that your FBI here to ask questions. Make this short I’m getting fed up with doing this without any explanation for the real reason for these interrogations.”
He folded his arms glaring at the Federal Agents as he felt himself filmed and one of them spoke “We have the authority to ask you questions as many times as we wish. We do have the power to arrest you and bring you to a precinct if you don’t comply with our questioning for further interrogation.” 
He gave up a sound of disgust very loudly as the same federal agent continued “What do you know of Elina Soto?”
Jinks spoke “That she was some female Highlander Human hybrid I felt interested in having as my mate till I figured out that she was actually an assassin.”
He clamped his mouth shut feeling himself further disgusted as the federal agent spoke “How did you find out that she was an assassin?”
Jinks spoke “Alright, I’m not entirely human. I have parts of Highlander species in me. I used some kind of Highlander ability to detect what Elina was actually.” 
He again clamped his mouth shut as he heard a throat clearing noise coming from one of the federal agents. He frowned feeling himself stop being disgusted as suspiciousness arrived within him hearing the noises. 
The federal agent spoke “You care to explain the ability that detected Elina to be an assassin?”
Jinks exhaled a breath and spoke “Just something I’m having trouble explaining, don’t want to talk more of it.”
He heard the federal agent spoke “You care to explain more in depth the so called trouble involving explaining the ability?”
He felt himself angry spoke “I have enough of your questions, goodbye.” 
He walked off only to hear the federal agent speak “We’re not finished with our questions, Mister Montreal. Either you cooperate with us or we’ll arrest you for further interrogation at the precinct.” 
Jinks growled an angry sound fisted his hands while unfold his arms and turned around speaking loudly “Guards, see the FBI out now!”
He walked away to hear multiple sounds of gun cocking which he went to an elevator as gestured by a guard and went inside to press the button for penthouse. Jinks heard a loud howling sound sounding angry before the doors shut closed. 
Jinks frowned hearing the sound for it sounded familiar as an image of a male Human with tan brown skin flashing in his mind along with “My name’s General Britain Morgan.” came to him. 
He stiffened recalling that Morgan as a general leader of a Master Organization army group of a Humanoid like race called Amula. Jinks figured that the howling noise was Amula sounding angry. Jinks exhaled a breath as he kept his arms to his sides while sensing the elevator go up reaching the penthouse floor, walked out to meet James standing in the room looking annoyed. 
Jinks stared at James who spoke with annoyance in his voice tone “The guards report that the federal agents turned out to be Amula and are running amok around the lobby in their gonoid forms, making it hard for them to catch them and kick them out. The Amula have managed to avoid being hit with darts fired at them with darts missing and hitting guards that are putting them to sleep.”
Jinks growled an angry sound as James continued to speak “I have managed to order the elevators to cease operation. The doors to the stairwells locked just to keep the federal agents from accessing here.” 
He spoke “Thanks James. Keep me updated on the process.” 
He saw James fade from view which he figured that the butler went to the kitchen from memory of seeing a phone console there. He felt himself riled up figured he’ll go to the gym room to practice karate which he walked to swinging open the doors to stare with shock seeing Barry inside the room looking serious by the expression on his face. 
Jinks stared at Barry who spoke “You having special abilities regardless of you being not fully human will come out. Just to warn you of that there’s people very interested in you with plans not known will probably find out what the High Council have as a secret on you. Just be warned of that.” 
He saw Barry disappear in a flash of light which he went to the middle of the room and began doing a karate black belt Kata finding he feeling better from the movements. Jinks ended with a bow back to the doors to hear a throat clearing noise sounding loudly behind him. Jinks looked to see James flaring golden eyes standing next to four familiar men, he recognized as the FBI who all had mouths in thin lines. 
He folded his arms and spoke “Get them out now, James.” 
He heard from one of the Federal Agents spoke “He’ll comply once you finish answering our questions. I suggest you cooperate on that matter.”
He spoke “How the depths did you get in here? I was told that access was blocked.”
Jinks glared at the federal agents as one spoke “Government access overrides everything.” 
He heard James spoke “There’s a law allowing that access put in place ten years ago.” 
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust as a federal agent spoke “You care to explain this Highlander ability to detect Elina as an assassin?”
He spoke “By mind.”
Jinks got from the federal agent “How? Care to explain.” 
He felt annoyance hit him growled an angry sound as he spoke “That was from kissing her on the lips, hearing a readout of her internal body and organs. This ability worked whenever I kissed females, I don’t intend to try it out on males.” 
Jinks heard a throat clearing noise coming from one of the federal agents as one spoke “We’ll be back for further questions. We expect you to cooperate next time.”
He waited as they walked out of view followed by James to raise a hand, and made an obscene gesture with it, before turning around to attack the punching bag with karate feeling himself riled up again. He continued to attack the punching bag till he felt himself calmer sighed and walked out of the gym room to the library. 
It’s where he took a look at the books and sighed again as a thought “I’m like to knowing what laws were made while I was out asleep in mind.” 
Jinks walked out of the library and spoke loudly “James!”
He waited feeling the wait time lengthy as the butler came into view appearing from no where while no longer flaring golden eyes. 
Jinks spoke “I like a record of the government’s newly made national laws starting ten years in the past till now.” 
James spoke “Will do but I should tell you that the FBI questioned Emma, Matthew and I about our knowledge of you before leaving through the stairwell, their currently going down it at the moment.” 
He felt annoyance hit him as he spoke “Dismissed, James.”
He watched as James faded from view and felt himself tensed up went to the gym room swinging open the doors banging them then went inside the room to the middle where he kneeled back to the open doors and shut his eyes willing himself to mediate. He felt the mediation helped him release from being tensed up as he sensed a presence behind him standing in the doorway which he figured was James. 
Jinks spoke “You have what I requested, James?”
He heard “Sorry I didn’t want to disturb your mediation seeing that you were in a low mood and was trying to calm down.”
He exhaled a breath hearing James’ voice and words as the butler continued “I was told that in order to acquire records of the government laws you requested. You would have to seek a lawyer, based on the government who has knowledge of this and can explain everything to you.” 
Jinks exhaled another breath sensing an edge in James’ voice telling him that the butler wasn’t fully saying what was said. 
He sighed as James spoke “Anything else, Master Jinks?”
He spoke “Dismissed, James.” 
He sensed James leave by feeling the presence behind gone which he continued mediating then opened his eyes feeling himself calm. 
He got a communication from Lance speaking “I’m afraid Barry is right on what he said. You would have to reveal that you have special abilities when asked by people especially to the FBI asking you the question.”
He groaned a soft sound to mentally think “That’s something I despise doing, to that I don’t like flaunting my powers to people.” 
Jinks heard from Lance “You didn’t complain about doing it to people who weren’t part of the Master Organization. Such as you gagging one of them mentally which someone witnessed.” 
He groaned as memories of what Lance talked flashed in his mind sighed and got up from the padded floor. 
Jinks walked out of the gym room and thought “I might as well go to the library.” 
Only to find his feet took him to the TV room. Once inside he shut the doors and stared at the TV seeing the screen was a blank blue color. 
He spoke “The command for on!” and got the familiar dates in the year he was born which he ordered “The beginning of the list.” 
He saw the screen flicker changing dates to show dates, before he was born which he frowned realizing that it was eight months before his birth. 
Sighing he frowned speaking “I’m ordering the TV to play the first date on the list.” 
Jinks saw was a wedding scene showing his mother marrying Burke Richardson by a male dressed in familiar, Master Organization, priest robes in a church like setting which reminded him of attending a wedding soon after Katherine’s death. He watched the wedding seeing it was similar to the wedding he attended followed by the scene ending by the couple entering a limo with door, shutting behind them as the TV screen went back to blank blue with dates on it. Jinks sighed to read the next date seeing it was six months later which his mother according to Earth pregnancies would be seven months of carrying him.
Jinks frowned speaking “I’m ordering the TV to play the date.” 
Jinks watched a scene showing his mother lying on a bed with abdomen bared and swollen with child, as a female medic wearing scrubs. Jinks saw was rubbing an object on top of her abdomen area while looking away from her appearing to be staring at a boxy computer like monitor. 
Jinks frowned as the medic spoke “Well from scans it appears that you’re having a boy.”
He saw his mother look at the camera view and spoke “Just like you wanted, Burke.”
He frowned as the camera view jerked up and down in a yes gesture before the TV screen blinked back to blue with dates on it. Jinks felt he falling backwards to land on a hard metal floor. Jinks discovered himself in the High Council’s throne room. He felt his arms grabbed by familiar hands and lifted up to a standing position. 
He heard Shad speak with anger in the voice tone “We don’t appreciate your outburst which got First Ones complaining all sorts of words about us. The Meritanians have detected some of those people thinking of declaring war on us, something the plants have made it clear. They want to avoid that they have no defenses against weapons aimed at them.”
He didn’t comment as Shad added “Anybus, knock Horus out now.” 
Jinks spoke sounding annoyed “His name is Anubis and not Anybus so stop calling him that.” 
He heard from Shad sounding sarcastic “It’s the speakers who are saying Anybus and not the actual name.” 
He detected “It’s a lie!” and felt himself falling unconscious while saying that comment. 

Jinks woke up hearing the alarm sounding in his ear lurching up opening his eyes to discover. He’s back in the penthouse and its eight o’clock in the morning. Jinks felt sore all over like his body was suffering bruises as in pain which confused him. 
He mentally thought to himself “What the depths did the High Council do to me?”
He got a communication from Lance saying “They ordered Anubis to use you as a punching bag as an attempt to wake you up, before putting you in one of their scanning machines that gives pain. Anubis’ attempts failed that the Meritanians kept you asleep. The High Council had you put in the scanning machine which lucky the plants kept you knocked out so you wouldn’t suffer the pain of it scanning you.” 
He groaned loudly and got up from the bed feeling himself weak but strong enough to function. Jinks felt that food would help him feel better which he went into the bathroom to shower. 

Jinks came out dressed in clean clothes and hair brushed which he went to the bedroom doors to yank them open. Jinks stiffened seeing a male Highlander wearing a suit standing in James’ place with a frown on the male’s face. 
Jinks frowned as the Highlander spoke “Hit the dining room and eat then I’ll tell you why I’m here to you once you’ve eaten.” 
Jinks didn’t comment went to the dining room to see a tray with dishware holding food and drink. Jinks went to sit and gobbled up the food and gulped down the drink. He pushed the tray away to eye the Highlander, sitting next to him a laptop computer in front of him and doing some typing, rapid fire pace. 
Jinks cleared his throat, loudly to hear the typing halt as the Highlander looked at him, spoke “I’m a lawyer from McBroom and Associates. My specialty is government law. My name is Cart and that’s all you should know.”
He felt confused hearing that as he got a communication from Lance saying “Cart is a minion of the High Council but is divided on his loyalties to them, and to you.” 
He didn’t comment on what Lance said, kept his mouth shut as Cart continued talking “A King answering to the last name of Kennidis with the senators passed a law allowing the government to have access to everything, going around the mainland and allied islands. The law was based on an incident involving an attempt assassination on the King by some assassin sending a torpedo to his car. You or some twin of yours, as a bodyguard back then got him and entourage out in time, before the weapon hit the car, blowing it up. Kennidis invented the law that the government could have prevented the car blowing up, if they had access to who buys military weapons, such as being alerted of known assassins having purchased weapons of destructions. This could have tightened security around the King and his vehicle traveling in the capital city.”
Jinks frowned hearing as Cart kept talking “Kennidis lost the reelection to his opponent named Jeff Hettinger, having a convicted criminal as his bodyguard. The press had a field day and reason why he lost the election by an almost landslide victory. Hettinger when he took the King position, only lasted five months before the senators voted him out.
Reason was some female assassin answering to the name of Margo admitted “The Hettinger family had a feud with Jinks Montreal and ordered me to assassinate his daughter, Victoria.’ 
She who was actually declared missing, her body hasn’t been found and that Margo claimed ‘I dumped the body in the ocean.’”
Jinks stiffened hearing Cart’s words as the Highlander kept talking “Margo’s bank records proved that she was paid for the assassination with the money trail going to the Hettinger family. This was found out by the FBI who arrested Jeff Hettinger for accessory for murder. Hettinger was later kicked out of the King position. Then he was later charged for the crime of murder, Margo later killed off in some jail cell. Evidence pointed to Hettinger ordering the job, a large amount of money was taken out of his account enough to pay an assassin to kill her off, with additional money traced to some electrical company, to cut the power to the precinct, she was staying for the murderer to gain entrance without being filmed and kill her off. Hettinger in question was later found guilty and then sent to prison for a life sentence. Hettinger later died in prison killed off by a fellow prisoner, who was already serving a life sentence for a murder. The convict wound up later executed to death for killing Hettinger. As for the senators who voted Hettinger out they asked Kennidis to take the King position, who agreed and has been spotless for his entire term even finished it, to allow another to be voted into position once the time arrived. Unfortunately a year before when it came for Kennidis to step down, no one came forward asking the public to vote them in position, or take the title. No one did till it was time for him to step down. The senators at the time along with other government officials, voted to allow Kennidis to keep the position till someone would come forward willing to take the position. This hasn’t been done till two years ago when two people answering to the names of Donald Marshall and Burke Richardson, announced that they would run for the position. This was after the Master Organization was publicity ousted. Both men made no secret of being part of the group or relatives when they ran for the position. Burke won by a near landslide victory reason was because of Donald, not making a secret that he was a former criminal of the law, hence people hesitant to having him in the position of King, voted for his relative instead.”
Jinks frowned while feeling himself not surprised to hear Cart’s words as the Highlander kept talking “As for the laws passed in the ten year time, frame, there were about twenty laws that came forwards, but only five were made public, them passing. One of them is the law that allows the government to have access to everything. The other laws were one was on the government voting to allow a King or Queen to keep their position after their term expires. If there are no candidates found to take their place keep the position till candidates come forwards to take it. The second law was on a discovered Human like race called Builder that was ousted twenty years ago. One of them caught on recording ordering you, or a twin, to kill off a male. That law was that if they were caught using their special voice talents to make people, break the law, they would face punishment depending on how the law was broken, by the person, they voice ordered. One example is if a Builder was caught ordering someone to kill a person which the deed was done. They would face surgery to have the organ that gives them their voice removed, to kill their voice off followed by a jail sentence, depending on how that person they ordered did the killing. An example of that would be you snapping the neck of a person while under voice order. The Builder who did it would have their voice organ removed permanently, followed by a jail sentence equal to you which is twenty years, you had in prison then freed.” 
He nodded his head then stopped as Cart continued talking “Another law passed was ordering weapon sales’ persons to order buyers to have background checks, on them. As in a four week wait with all sorts of ID checked and bank statements checked, to make sure they weren’t assassins and were legally buying the weapon. The law has an attachment included, that states that certain weapons of war listed, could only be bought by legal army groups with the background checked, on the legal army group’s representative, buying the weapon to make sure that the weapon won’t be misused for personal use, by a member of the army group.”
Jinks gave a head bob then pause his head as Cart ads “The fifth law that recently came out passed by the government. 
The ouster of the Master Organization saying ‘Groups such as the Master Organization, must register with the government to be declared legal status.’ 
Law has an attachment included that states ‘Groups must be beneficial for people’s lives, including following the laws of the government and cannot be used to break the law period.’ 
The Master Organization had, already once the law came out registered, with the government by making a big deal about it. Other groups are said to be registered quietly including one group your familiar with called Scotland. Another group an all Builder group with no public or known name but has been dubbed, The Hammer, by Scotland publicity saying that, after the group was ousted to the news affiliates by the Master Organization. Scotland blames The Hammer for that ouster. The government since Scotland’s ouster has been keeping a close eye on that group. There are rumors and reports of members working for the High Council doing things against other people such as breaking the law. There’s a report among Scotland, I’m telling you now, that members doing said to break the law, have been brought down by The Hammer, who have been making members guilty in court and going to jail with heavy jail sentences. This is mostly by judges and juries, claimed to be under Builder voice influence to give the punishment, have been going on for ten years so far. The claim at the moment is still being checked out but there haven’t been any results. People being uncooperative and that the Meritanians, for some reason are being very picky, with helping Scotland with this by not saying much, have been putting members off with helping them. I should tell you that Scotland have members working in the Master Organization that are loyal to you. They have noticed without saying anything, to other members of the group something, I’m telling you now. The Hammer has been targeting members known to work for the High Council as in getting them charged with a crime and hit with heavy jail sentences, including executed if the Highlander was proven to have a hand in an assassination. The punishment doesn’t matter if it was successful or not just given the execution.”
Jinks frowned hearing that as Cart pauses to nod his head then continued to add “The Meritanians warned the High Council that there’s more than one all Builder group going around. They have recently this year joined forces, uniting together under the Builder group dubbed The Hammer, by Scotland, who have been very picky on Highlanders serving the High Council. The Hammer have been keeping a very close eye on those Highlanders, sickening them with the police if they break the law, said to influence juries and judges to give them heavy jail sentences. The High Council thinks that there’s something suspicious going on with the Builders. Their behavior towards their people working for them which I’m not sure what it is.”

Brandis’ noted here “The High Council is actually a bunch of Highlanders or Elves for more than one, and Elf for one, with Human like Asian, appearances doing manipulation onto people and species for their own gains. I figured that the High Council on Mars was up to no good, hence Zerra blaring onto me to remember this Jinks Montreal. I also figured that someone was roped by the High Council on Mars to eavesdrop every single wording Zerra said, hence she can’t out right say what’s she’s wants to say to me. Ugh. I’ll figure it out later since I’ve run out of room with this notebook and must start a new one.”

New Notebook:
Brandis’ notes here “I finally found a notebook among my piles of books, empty to write down this memory further of Jinks Montreal with his conversation with this Cart.”

Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as Cart keeps talking “There’s a rumor going around, Scotland that some Builder influenced a senator in the government, unsure how, to think of making a law of declaring you a member of royalty. That title is mostly giving you a title, such as Emperor. We’re currently checking it out at the moment, hearing it from other sources.”
Jinks frowned thinking to he “I’m a little weird out hearing that I’ll be awarded a title.” which he didn’t comment as Cart continued to talk “The Emperor title has been blabbed to a tabloid anonymously. The newspaper has been saying the news of Emperor Jinks Montreal, on their front cover. The other tabloids haven’t gotten around to have the title thing blared yet, them busy blaring about you being some Human God. From reports in Scotland that the High Council is having an angry fit about the Emperor’s title thing thought up and being awarded to you. They might do something rather rash to trash you and to spite people supporting the view. I’m warning you about that.” 
He nodded his head as Cart paused then continued “What comment would you like to say about this?”
Jinks spoke as a hunch came to his mind “The title thing by a Builder was from someone in the Master Organization, expressing that the group worshipping me as a Human God. They will probably giving me, the title just to make me, more important to people, instead of some tabloid news going around the city and elsewhere.” 
He paused to see Cart’s eyes narrow with a glare in them which he added from memories flashing in his mind “I have experience too many years ago from members of the Master Organization, worshipping me as some deity object, being fanatic about that. I heard over the years that the fanatics have done some things to make me more important. Such as people picking me on some holiday to ring a bell, with someone else assisting at the start of my political career, happened just before I announced my running for mayor of the city as an example of what the fanatics have done for making me important.” 
He paused to see that Cart didn’t look surprised by that which he added “When I campaigned for Mayor the religious fanatics accompanied me on my walkabouts in the city, I was meeting people anywhere and telling them to vote for me. The city got a huge surge of residents revealed, to be people of the Master Organization, with some of them being fanatic. This is being known that city residents normally leave the city to live elsewhere after living there for a month. I won by a landslide victory after the results of the votes were revealed, after the time for vote for candidate to office had passed. When I ran for other government positions and traveled around, I saw groups of people from the Master Organization, in the crowd including accompanying me, walking around neighborhoods and towns to ask people to vote for me. I won government positions by near landslide victories includes winning the King position. They kicked me out accusing me of cheating, by using my leadership of the Master Organization status, to help me in position. The government didn’t protest when my opponent Guard Kensington, in the King position, after given the title wound up with cancer.
He insisted ‘Jinks Montreal is to share the position with me till the term expired.’
I recalled doing all of the title’s work while Kensington fought the cancer ravaging his body till it killed him a year after the King term expired.”
Jinks paused to clear his throat then continued talking “After the King term expired, numerous people told me to retire from politics. The government kicking out of the title position caused a black mark on my political career. I’m told that polls on me to people asking about whether they were willing to vote me in another government position.
They have by large numbers said “No, we wouldn’t vote for Jinks Montreal.’
They saying twin commentary ‘The government found something wrong with Jinks Montreal and kicked him out.’
 Mostly despite me redeeming myself as King when Guard Kensington said he couldn’t take the title, having cancer to fight off. The people were strong fasted in their view of not voting me in political positions when questioned.”
He paused to sigh and then continued to talk “My deceased wife, Katherine revealed years later when my son Robert with her was in his teens, just after she married me of being told of a national tabloid, saying some story about me falling in love with her herself. I was said to arrange for the kidnapping and execution of my first wife Victoria, by people. She was told that the tabloid mentioned having Highlanders take the blame, as some smear campaign against them because of the High Council were Highlanders themselves, I hating them for torture done on me.” 
He paused to see Cart looking surprised on the Highlander’s face as he continued talking “Katherine, after being told of the tabloid’s news story hasn’t shared with me her views on whether she believed the tabloid or not, has always put me off on telling me on how she feels whenever I bring it up. I tried to use Robert, my son, to get her to talk but she has remained tight lipped on that. I found out from Robert a year, after Katherine passed away, she admitted to him while she was sick in the hospital from cancer, her feelings of the tabloid and swore to him to not talk to me about them, a year after she passed away. He did obeying her wishes. 
Robert admitted to me ‘My mother’s feelings were anger and disgust that the tabloid would say that story. She partially believed it at first when she was told of the story then stopped believing it, entirely when strong evidence from the government officials to her.’
They secretly said ‘Jinks Montreal had nothing to do with Victoria’s kidnapping and execution.’ 
That was actually done by Highlanders said to detect Victoria as someone else other than the real Victoria, who passed away as an eighteen year old of cancer. The execution was their message to her father to learn a lesson that such trickery wasn’t going to be tolerated period.”
Jinks paused to frown as Cart spoke “I heard a story, whether just a rumor, or true, about someone in the Master Organization had his wife posing as Victoria, your wife and had you mate with his wife, produced a son. That’s all I know of the story. I like to know what you know of it.”
Jinks spoke “Some male, I’m unsure of his name was claimed to be a descendant of me but turned out to be adopted into the family as a child, having power abilities that his biological parents couldn’t care for him and gave him to my family to care for and learn how to use his power abilities. I learned later from some sources in the Master Organization that the son still a baby later passed away same time as my first child with Katherine, a daughter named Victoria, as a baby passed away. I sick with some unexplained medical ailment that made me look like I was starving myself. I managed with proper medicine to heal from that. The male who had his wife mate with me, was ousted by the Master Organization, soon after the son passed away and punished harshly for the trickery, by having him pay a huge million dollar money fine. The fine monetary was a law set in the group, to not to trick me, when it comes to wanting a child from me, and that they were to use honesty. Also the Master Organization had the male fired from his executive office job and forced him to work in a factory as a low level job worker. The male’s wife was forced to get a job working in some beauty salon, cutting hair that the group insisted on that as a lesson for going along with the trickery. The wife wound up pregnant with the male’s child and had a daughter. The couple wound raising her themselves insisted by the Master Organization to keep the child and rise her influencing her in the group’s ways which they did. The male in question turned out to like his factory job to keep working there for years and even made it to manager position there. His wife wound up liking her hair cutting job kept, working even reached the manager position. I’m not sure what’s going on with the couple at the moment. I’m told that their daughter from sources years ago has turned out to follow her mother into hair cutting business and working at the salon doing business there. I haven’t heard much about them since I was accused of killing a male under Builder influence. I also was shot in the chest by a male named Hettinger who knocked me unconscious. I haven’t heard much updates on people’s lives, since the twenty years I was incarcerated for the crime.”
He frowned to pause from talking as Cart spoke “I’ll see if I can find out what you want to know and will let you know of it. What else you want to know about people?”
He spoke from memory “What about General Kennidis, a Builder under my King position, has really been doing from being told part of the story from his son, ten years ago when I was hired into doing bodyguard work? I’m told that Kennidis kept the position for years under numerous Kings including finding a female Builder who bore him three sons and retired, when one of his sons ran for the King position and a new General was established which I met.” 
Jinks frowned as Cart spoke “The General back then when you were sharing the King position with Kensington was diagnosed with diabetes. He made no secret of the medical condition by supporting groups, having fund raisers for the cure of diabetes and during one of those fund raisers, met his wife. He married and she bore him three sons. He kept his General position serving under various Kings while receiving medical help for his diabetes. His sons have been told over and over to get themselves tested thoroughly for the medical ailment, which they have done that. The son who ran for the King position wound up diagnosed with diabetes, after candidates for the position came forward for the title.”
He spoke as Cart paused “I recall that the son had a daughter, who was male crazy when I was a bodyguard, years ago and would like to know, what happened to her.” 
Cart spoke “The daughter abruptly quit her male crazy ways with no explanation given.
Some rumor is that ‘Jinks Montreal mating with her willingly, instead of giving resistance, she normally gets from males when she wants to mate with them.’”
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that as Cart continued talking “She went to some college in the state of Massachusetts called Harvard where she was a model student and graduated top of her class as the unofficial valedictorian. During her college time, she caught the eye of a male student from a rival college called Yale, in the state of Connecticut, during a sporting game between both colleges who pursued her a bit on the heavy side. He turned out to be a Builder who recognized her as one and wanted her as his wife. She after graduation accepted his marriage proposal and married him in the Kennidis family home, in another state called Texas. She wound up having two sons two years apart. She hasn’t had another child since, it appears she and her husband has agreed that two boys are enough. She currently works as a professor of Math in a college in Texas with her husband, working as assistant librarian at the same college. Her parents are currently living in Texas, living a life as retired from work and politics.”
He nodded his head as Cart looked at his jeweled wristband which he figured was a time piece as the Highlander adds “I have to go to my office. They expect me back at certain time like I said, I would be there. I have to go to account for traffic just to avoid making me late.”
Jinks spoke “You can go. I request to let me know of other information on people I like to know when asked.” 
He saw Cart agree by his head nod before the Highlander got up folding the laptop and walked out of the room carrying the computer by the handle. Jinks sat frowning and got up going to the library. Once inside he sat leaning back in the chair letting his thoughts wander till he heard a throat clearing noise which he looked up to see James standing in the doorway. 
James spoke “Its lunchtime. You’re required to eat.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath got up and went to the dining room to find sitting on the table was a cup full of pink liquid which he picked up and gulped down and then walked out of the room back to the library not meeting James on the way. He sat in the chair leaning back letting his thoughts wander till he felt sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “The male you want to know named Frederick, dubbed Fred, has gotten the manager position of his factory job, liking it and getting promoted before retiring, his health a problem with his heart that required an operation. That required him to limit his physical activity in his recovery. Fred’s wife, nicknamed Hattie, instead of her original name of Honey in question, bought the hair salon and owns the business. She still cuts hair from time to time while attending to her husband. As for their daughter dubbed Mattie, original name Matilda, she has followed her mother into the business. She has birthed three sons from mating with three different Human males who don’t seem interested in marrying her or having a relationship with her, just using her for sex. The sons seem interested in following their mother into the business, them helping her with the work at the hair salon very dedicatedly. The sons seem interested in going to school on learning how to beauty salon business things themselves.”
He nodded his head as Lance forced his eyes shut which he woke up to hear a door knocking sound on the doors followed by them opening and James entering the room clearing his throat. 
He frowned as James spoke sounding annoyed “One of the guards of the building told me to tell you that a guard, a female on her break, from guarding was watching some soap opera. Some news affiliate focused in Albany, the New York state’s capital cut in interrupting her program to talk about the government, in the middle of talks, on awarding you a title, Emperor, and having you declared royalty. The news broadcast theorized that if the government went through with the Emperor’s title, awarding that there would be a coronation as in crowning you with a crown and officially declaring you, Emperor.”
Jinks felt himself disgusted formed it on his face as James added “What else can I do for you?”
He spoke “Nothing the Emperor, thing will take used to so dismissed, James.” 
He frown watching James leave the room shutting the doors. 
He thought to himself “The Emperor, thing better blow over for I’m not keen on having that awarded to me.” 
He felt sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who has an all black eyed glare who spoke “You’re accepting that Emperor’s title period. You will do it with no protest at all.” 
He whined out “But-“
Jinks felt he gagged on the throat interrupting his talk as Lance spoke “You’re accepting the position. I’ll see that the religious fanatics will have their way with you, as in chaining you to a chair, naked in some secret location. You used as a religious object for touching, mating and bleeding your blood for drinking rituals. I assure that will happen if you refuse the Emperor position.”
He heard Ramses speak “Isn’t kidding about that.” 
He widened his eyes and felt them forced shut to wake up in the chair in the library to feel himself hit with nervousness with shock running though him that make him shake hard. Jinks struggled to will he to calm down finding no success in doing it. Jinks felt a headache of his mind scanned, followed by calmness arriving within him. The headache stopped and he felt his shaking stop which he, himself sitting in the chair kept leaning back willing himself to calm despite feeling nervous. 
He continued to sit and got a communication from Lance saying “What I told you of the religious fanatics is what Ramses told me but I’m not sure if it’s true or a joke, to not having the ability to tell the truth from a lie.”
He frowned feeling himself nervous breathed hard through his mouth till he felt himself calm and no longer nervous breathed through his nose using mediation techniques till he found himself calm. 
Jinks exhaled a breath though his mouth thinking to he “I’ll take the Emperor’s position but when it comes to security they better keep those religious fanatics off of me period.”
He got a communication from Lance saying “Once you take the Emperor’s position security on you will be tighter and will keep you out of the religious fanatics’ hands, wanting to worship you as some religious object. This is why I insisted on you taking the Emperor’s position from being aware of security will be tighter around you keeping people from hurting you period.”         
He didn’t protest to Lance’s words shut his eyes and came to feel a cloth covering his eyes, with some breathing mask put over his mouth and nose making him sleepy till he passed out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing an alarm sound, jerking open his eyes which he discovered himself sitting in a chair underneath a spotlight while feeling a familiar object covering his forehead. Jinks figured were blocking his skull implant from transmitting. He stood up to discover himself naked. The scene changed to show, he surrounded by numerous brown hooded figures with faces, covered along with black gloves seen on their hands, surrounded him picking him up above them. He struggled against their hand grips and willed the Master through him, willing his body to charge of electricity and finding no results from the hooded figures still keeping their hands on him. He felt himself carried he was lowered down on something hard that felt like stone on his back. Some of the figures stepped back but his hands and feet were still restrained by hands. 
Jinks mentally yelled “Father, help!”
He heard nothing from Lance opened his mouth to speak and felt soreness in his throat along with no sound coming out. He struggled against the grips as his eyes fell on a hooded figure that stood besides him pulling out an object from a sleeve, he recognized to be a hand dagger. He eyed the dagger as the figure raised it up aiming it towards him. Jinks abruptly felt he floating above his body to witness it change into Lance with a glare on his face. Jinks watched as the hooded figures surrounding Lance backed up several meters, with the ones restraining him abruptly let go. He found himself back in his body, sat up, yanking the device off, his forehead then stood up off the stone slab to find the scene changed. He discovered himself in his bedroom in the penthouse. Jinks heard a door knocking sound from the doors facing in his direction. Jinks brought hands covering his sensitive part as James entered the room clearing his throat. 
He glared at James who spoke ignoring his naked status “Its time for your required meal. You’ll find clothes in the bathroom.” 
He watched as James left the room shutting the doors which he walked into the bathroom to find clothes sitting folded on the sink counter along with shoes below them. He glared at the mirror to go to it to peer through and willed the Master away to discover his eyes remained all black. Growling of annoyance he brought his hands to his eyes and felt them, to yank out, contacts that made his eyes water, dumped into the sink. He sighed and went into the shower stall figuring that he could use it. He showered cleaning himself thoroughly then stepped out to dry himself, with a towel then went to the clothes, putting them, on along with the shoes. He brushed his hair and then grabbed the contacts to look around the bathroom. 
Jinks saw a handle in the wall figured it was the dumpster but hesitated seeing worded letters below that indicated “Its laundry chute.” 
Sighing he walked out of the bathroom carrying the contacts and went to the bedroom doors yanking one open and walked out. 
He loudly spoke discovering his voice was back and the soreness gone “James!”
Jinks waited as James arrived which he held up the contacts while willing the Master through to speak “Dispose these for me now.” 
He saw James appear to look not surprised to see his eyes change took the contacts then the butler spoke “Anything else? You’ll find your meal in the dining room on the table.” 
He spoke “Dismissed.” 
He watched as James faded from view which he willed the Master away from him then went to the dining room, to find a tray holding food like the butler said, and felt he hungry. Jinks went to sit and gobbled up the food, along with gulping up the drink.  Jinks got up from the table and walked out, his feet took him to the library and once inside he closed the doors behind him and sat down in a chair leaning back. 
He felt sleepiness sighed figuring “Lance wanted to talk to me,” 
Jinks shut his eyes and dreamed of facing his father who had a black eyed glare with face aimed at the Meritanians, who were clutching each other. He watched as Lance released his earthquake shaking power on the Meritanians, who groaned in pain. He frowned as he sensed a light show off his left, to see it was Ajax, who grabbed his father’s hands forcing the earthquake to halt. 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Ajax spoke sounding annoyed “Stop torturing the plants, Predecessor. They get your message.” 
He frowned as Lance yanked his hands from Ajax’s grip before speaking with an angry tone in his voice “Then tell, the High Council to stop torturing my son using the Meritanians, to do their dirty work. I’m fed up with stunts they keep pulling on my son.” 
He eyed Ajax who looked annoyed that spoke “I’m not the High Council’s keeper. What they order I obey and so does the Meritanians.” 
Jinks felt himself getting angry hearing that comment glared at Ajax as he heard Lance spoke with sarcasm “Oh really? You’ll regret saying that believe me you will.” 
Jinks glared at Ajax who looked speechless as Lance forced his son’s eyes shut, he disappeared in a flash of light. He again felt Lance’s hands on his forehead and chest making him calm, with a feeling of disgust hitting him, he figured was from his father. 
Lance spoke “A pity that Ajax will regret his words once he figures out my reasons for the plants’ torture.” 
Jinks opened his mouth and felt his eyes forced shut woke up in the library. Jinks eyed the doors sensing no sound coming from them. 
He exhaled a breath to get up figuring “I’ll read a book.” 
Jinks went to a bookshelf to yank out books peering at the covers before putting them back. He found most of the books were appearing to be romance novels with couples in a clinch, on them along with males, alone, wearing odd clothing on the cover, barring their muscled chests, put back feeling he disgusted. 
He continued to find books similar to that and thought to himself “Who the depths read those books anyway?”  
He got no answer from Lance as he continued to yank out books to glare at the cover only to put them back when they appeared to be of the romance genre. He growled an annoyed tone after pulling out an uncounted romance novel. Jinks went to another bookshelf and did the same with the books, finding them appearing to look like something else other, romance novels to his relief. He eyed the books staring at them finding no interests in them, when he pulled them out and with disgust running through him, went to the chair and plopped himself in it, sitting leaning back with arms folded. 
He grumbled mentally “Why couldn’t my mom give me a love of reading books? I would have willingly read those books just to stop being bored while isolated from things around the city.” 
He heard nothing from Lance continued to mentally speak “Argh! I could have enjoyed reading books enough to spend hours in here reading them to past the time, instead of sitting down, sleeping too much and not doing anything but being bored.” 
Jinks heard door knocking sounds looked at the doors to see them open followed by James entering the room clearing his throat. 
He exhaled a breath as James spoke “Word is out from various sources that the government is currently in talks about awarding you, a title of Emperor, with declaring you royalty. They were having a coronation for that.” 
Jinks groaned softly hearing that as James continued to talk “The talks is currently a debate, sources saying ‘Some Highlander members of the government said to be loyal to the High Council, are opposing that awarding speaking on the group’s behalf.’ 
The King has said when questioned, ‘What do you say involving this situation?”
He said in a press conference about that situation ‘I’m not getting involved. I stating its too personal to get involved, with having beliefs that would influence my impartiality in the debate.’”
He frowned as James paused to give him a look expecting him to say something which he spoke “Ok.” 
He was interrupted by Lance speaking in his mind “Your accepting the title once the government, stops their argument with the Highlanders enough to say ‘We awarding the title to Jinks Montreal!’” 
Jinks spoke out loud “I’ll take the title once the government stops their arguing and award me it. They should have a secret ballot vote to decide the matter.” 
He saw James nod his head as he continued speaking “The High Council’s opposition is, from them having a dislike towards me, hence they saying anything to keep me from gaining something worthy to improve my status. Also the King is right to not get involved. He’s part of the Master Organization who has members that worship me as a deity lord. His beliefs could interfere with his impartiality in the debate such as supporting the ones who want to award me the title.”
He paused to clear his throat then added “Once the title is awarded have the government hold the coronation in New York City for security reasons. My home is here enough to keep me safe from harm and arrange it as soon as possible. I like the crowning to be done by the King himself, with a crown that is up to whoever on the design.” 
He saw James nod his head as he kept talking “That’s about it, dismissed James.” 
Jinks watched as James left the room closing the doors shut. He sighed softly and eyed the doors letting his thoughts wander about the title awarding and coronation wondering how the city could arrange it for him to be crowned. 
He heard from Lance “Just don’t worry the city will do the job fine enough.”
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing Lance’s comment sighed got up from the chair and left the library going to the gym room. Inside, he sat down doing his stretching exercises then swung himself up before doing a black belt Kata, finished with a bow towards the doors finding them closed and not open like he left them. He felt annoyance hit him as he figured that James shut the doors when he was practicing karate and didn’t bother to spy on him from sensing nothing while doing the movements. He willed himself to calm to open the doors and walked out shutting them behind him. He wandered in the hallway to pace back and forth with his arms folded with head bowed lost in thought about what James told him, what he said to the butler. He sensed himself watched as he paced paused from walking to raise his head, looking up towards the bedroom doors which he sensed the presence spying on him was behind him. Jinks turned around to sense the presence gone, figured that it was James spying on him as he walked down the hallway intending to go to the dining room. His feet took him to the TV room which once inside he sat down on the couch rubbing a hand on his forehead. Jinks sighed feeling himself impatient with the results of the government’s debate on crowning him or not.  

“I don’t remember what happened after that but I remembered this scene.”

Jinks frowned inwardly sitting in the open carriage as the driver urged the horses to move through the streets of the city. He forced a smile on his mouth without baring his teeth while looking at the crowd on both sides of the street. He felt himself filmed ignored the sensation, as he continued to look at the crowd. Some he saw were applauding but he noticed that they all appeared to be happy. He felt ridiculous in his clothes which were all black, except for the cape that felt like a blanket on his back that was all white. He eyed the crowd as the carriage went through the streets of Manhattan in the city. He felt the clothes on his form which were identical to the clothing Lance Richard wore but the color was different. He sighed as the carriage reached the cathedral, waited as a footman hanging on the back of the carriage got off and opened the door. Jinks got up and walked out hearing the crowd gathered around kept apart by barricades away from the cathedral’s steps, as he walked up the steps. He flinched blinking his eyes sensing light flashing from the crowd, figured were cameras taking pictures of him along with filming sensations. He entered the cathedral still feeling he filmed while seeing the pews on both sides had people crowded in them, saw were wearing fancy clothing that looked in his direction as he walked down the aisle between them in pews. He sighed again reached the front of the pews to kneel and waited as a male, he recognized as Burke Richardson the Humans’ current leader, in the King position, walked forwards holding a crown in his gloved hands. He eyed the crown seeing it was entirely white with icicle like points with the front icicle pointing taller than the rest. He didn’t protest as the crown was placed on top of his head snuggly fitting, heard applause from the crowd behind him. Jinks then stood up and turned around struggling not to flinch from glares of light flashing at him, before walking down the aisle as the lights show continued flashing at him from both sides, continued till he reached the carriage and got inside it. He forced a smile on his face without baring his teeth as the carriage went through the city, again heard crowd cheering noises. Jinks raised his hand and waved a few times aimed at the crowd feeling, he getting tired, till the carriage reached his home building and went inside through the garage entrance. He felt the tiredness persist as the footman opened the carriage door which he got out to see James standing nearby. He fell to his knees groaning loudly as he felt the tiredness persisted before sliding to the ground feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks felt himself in his familiar bed in a sitting up position leaning back with pillows on his back. He felt his crown and all of his coronation clothes off his form and he was wearing sweatpants, from the feel of it. He groaned loudly as he felt a cup rim forced on his lips, greedily drank the contents recognizing it as strawberry milkshake, there was no more and then the cup removed. 
He felt a needle sticking in his left arm at the wrist frowned, “I’m wondering what the needle was for.” as he felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks dreamed of Lance who hugged him which he cleared his throat as his father released him. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “The Meritanians admitted that the High Council had poison wrapped around the crown, just to bring you down.” 
He recalled himself feeling tired and passing out unconscious while wearing the crown felt he getting angry. He stiffened as he felt Lance’s hands on his forehead and chest keeping him calm which he stared at his father. 
Lance he saw opened his mouth when Ramses’ voice cut in speaking loudly “High Council, Horus is with Lance Richard at the moment so he’s not causing that.”
Jinks turned his head towards Ramses who had his head bowed as the Meritanian continued “Sorry, I don’t think Horus is capable of doing that at the moment. He’s too ill from the poisoning and is too weak to use his power abilities.”
Jinks frowned seeing Ramses raised his head putting a covered by robe hand on his throat while making an expression on his face that made him think “That’s was related to choking.” 
He spoke as he heard Lance give off a growling noise “What’s going on?” 
Jinks stared at Ramses who removed his covered by robe hand from his throat to fold his arms before speaking “A volcano on one of the islands has been detected erupting. You’re not causing that which the destruction is actually caused by the planet.” 
He heard an hmm, sound coming from Lance as he heard ahem sound from the Meritanians. Jinks felt his father force him to twist his form till his front was facing the plants. 
He frowned as he heard Ajax’s voice sounding off his right “Father.” 
Jinks frowned to look at Ajax standing next to him with front facing him with arms folded. 
He heard Ajax speak “The Meritanians aren’t kidding about there being a volcano eruption. The destruction has got Humans monitoring the planet to send a boat nearby the island, just for Humans dubbed scientists that are what their called, obsessed with the planet to watch the eruption happen and keep a record of it.”
Jinks spoke as Ajax paused “How destructive is the volcano’s eruption to your home?”
He frowned as Ramses cut in before Ajax could speak “Actually from reading the Humans’ minds watching the volcano they think the volcano’s contents called lava its spewing is mostly going towards part of the island that is outside the Australia Atoll area and will hit the ocean the water harmlessly killing off the stuff.” 
He turned to look at Ramses who bowed his head before adding “High Council, the Humans have that idea in their minds but their not actually sure about it. Their definitely sure that the ocean water will kill off the stuff they dub lava that the volcano is spewing but will cause clouds to rise from that. They also think that the earthquakes felt is being caused by underground the volcano raising lava through the volcano’s entrance enough for it to spit it out. Their not sure how long the volcano will erupt due to that there’s another volcano on another island that’s a long distance from here that has been recorded erupting without stopping since they first discovered the island twenty cycles after the Humans’ mainland arrived to Shadan.”
He frowned as Lance abruptly forced his eyes shut which he came to hearing the sound of an alarm clock blaring. Jinks felt he in a lying position still wearing sweatpants while on top of the bed’s blankets with his head, on top of a pillow, while feeling still too tired to open his eyes with an object on his forehead felt. He groaned loudly and allowed himself to continue sleeping feeling himself passing out unconscious till there was nothing. 

Jinks came too hearing a sound of an alarm clock blare its noises which he lurched up in a sitting position jerking open his eyes. He felt an object on his forehead which he placed a hand on it to feel it as a small rectangle covering most of the area. 
Jinks heard “Excuse me!” spoken off his left. 
Jinks looked to see a Highlander wearing medical scrubs knocked aside his hand and took off the object off his forehead to bend down, stuffing it in a duffle bag, straightening his form to take off the dresser a lap top computer folding it in half and stuffed it in the bag. 
Jinks spoke “Ugh, how long was I out?”
He stared at the Highlander who straightened up to speak “Two days before you were conscious enough to take in nourishment through mouth then three days, before you woke up till now.” 
He frowned as he spoke recalling his forehead having an object on it “What’s with the device on my forehead anyway?”
Jinks stared at the Highlander who spoke loudly “Just to monitor you that’s all.”
He frowned forming it on his lips as the Highlander moved his hands signing which he understood the sign language “That procedure was ordered by the High Council who wanted to monitor your brain organ to see if there is any connection towards a present volcano eruption, being aware that you caused one previously.”
Jinks nodded his head as the Highlander continued signing “The results show no connection but be warned that the High Council might later order you to stop the volcano eruption once they hear that you have recovered fully from the poisoning.” 
He sighed and again nodded his head as the Highlander added verbalizing his words “Nothing much for me to do here, except tell your staff that you’re awake. I recommended that you limit your physical activity for awhile till you have completely recovered from being sick.” 
Jinks again nodded his head as the Highlander lifted up the bag and walked with him eying his movements to the bedroom doors that were ajar and walking out shutting them closed. He sighed and swung his legs off the bed then exhaled a breath feeling a weakness feeling within him. He forced himself to slowly get up from the bed to a standing position and felt himself strong enough to stand sensing, he could walk which he walked to the bathroom going inside. Jinks eyed the shower stall feeling like he could use a shower which he stripped himself of the sweatpants finding he not wearing any underwear underneath it. Sighing Jinks left the sweatpants piled on the floor and went into the shower stall as the water turned itself on once he was underneath the shower faucet. He rubbed his hands on his face feeling the griminess feeling felt on his form washed away by the water. Jinks hunted for the shampoo and soap and began cleaning himself thoroughly, once done allowed the water to wash away the soap and shampoo’s contents. He sigh feeling the water flow down him that made him feel better. Jinks walked out of the shower stall to grab a towel off the warming rack next to the stall and dried he thoroughly. He placed the towel back on the rack as his eyes fell on clothes folded on the sink counter along with shoes appearing to be dressy below it. He went to the clothes putting them on finding that they were his familiar clothing which he felt himself better wearing them along with putting on the shoes. He grabbed the brush and brushed his hair then lowered the brush to stare at himself in the mirror seeing. His facial skin looked pale with a tiredness look on it along with his eyes still showing an oldness look in them. Jinks placed the brush on the sink counter and walked out of the bathroom. Jinks headed towards the bedroom doors only to pause frowning to look at the alarm clock seeing it blare the time of nine o’clock in the morning which he sighed and then went to the doors yanking them open. Jinks saw James in his familiar place, looking relieved to see him by the butler’s facial expression. Jinks without a word walked by the Builder and headed towards the dining room. Once inside he sat down feeling himself needing to sit from the weakness feeling hitting his legs. Jinks sighed as he sat and waited as James entered the kitchen. He frowned feeling himself needing to eat by his stomach rumbling in hunger as Emma arrived carrying a tray looking relieved to see him. She set the tray down in front of him. Jinks attacked the food with his hands finding it two cooked cheese sandwiches and a mound of French fries. Jinks gobbled up eating every single bit of food leaving nothing left. He eyed the cups three of them seeing that they all held pink liquid which he grabbed one at a time and gulped down the contents sensing that they were his familiar drink of strawberry milkshake. He exhaled a breath once done drinking to get up and felt he much better but a weakness feeling still felt. 
Jinks thought to he “I better to hold off the karate till the feeling wasn’t felt anymore.” 
Jinks left the dining room going to the library which once inside he sat down in a chair only to feel a book between the cushion and the chair. Jinks yanked out and put on the table then leaned back feeling himself needing to sleep which he shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious.   

Jinks came to feel a hand shaking his shoulder which he opened his eyes to see Barry leaning over him that removed his hand and straightened up his form. 
He eyed Barry who went to the other chair to sit before speaking “Alright, some things you should know. The Meritanians detected the High Council talking about poisoning you after you fell unconscious in front of people. The plants blabbed to the Master who you know who I’m talking about, about that.”
Jinks frowned as an image of Lance Richard flashed in his mind followed by his father speaking “Barry’s referring to me as the Master.” 
He kept his mouth shut as Barry continued talking “The Master didn’t take the news very well got furious about that, enough to set off his powers on the High Council. The Meritanians had to calm the Master down by sending him away. He returned and had some sort of crying breakdown in front of the plants. 
The Master was overheard saying the word ‘Jacinda’ over and over while having the breakdown. 
I think the place the Master was sent to by the Meritanians resulted in him having a meeting with a female answering to the name of Jacinda, who helped him calm down from his angry rage. After that meeting the Master hasn’t done anything on the High Council while you were out unconscious.”
He frowned as Barry paused to clear his throat then continued speaking “The Master has made it clear through the Meritanians, to the High Council that he’s fed up with their torture treatments towards you. He is no longer tolerating that behavior anymore, being furious with them. 
The Meritanians backed up the Master’s words by saying ‘We detected others on the mainland aware of the High Council’s treatment towards Horus over the years through kept thoroughly records have the same fed up view as Lance Richard.’ 
Their detected to sharing the same furious angry feelings as the Master towards the High Council. “
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke “As for that volcano its lava, is causing damage to the island’s plant life, including one of the farms the High Council have there for growing food. The volcano’s earthquakes is bothering the Meritanians quite a bit that their now underwater, trying to rest from the earth shaking. Also the earth shaking and eruption is causing some damage to the base within the vicinity of the island. The High Council is currently busy trying to fix the damage and prevent further messes. I got to warn you, they might get desperate enough to have the Meritanians transport you to their base to order you to cease the eruption, being aware of you having the ability whether you’re healed up or not.”
He exhaled a breath as Barry gave up a chuckle sound before continuing speaking “I doubt that the Meritanians will be willing to transport you over to the High Council. Two factors such as how bad their feeling from the earthquakes. The Meritanians are having some angry view towards the High Council at the moment. I’m not sure what the angry view is, I suspect from eavesdropping on their talks that their fed up with the current High Council’s view towards you. As in blaming you for the deaths of three High Council groups something the plants are furious about.”
Jinks frown hearing that as Barry spoke “I’ll be back when it’s possible.” 
He watched as Barry stood up followed by disappearing in a flash of light. Jinks exhaled a breath adjusted his position to keep himself leaning back in the chair and shut his eyes allowing himself to pass out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feel a hand shaking his shoulder which he jerked open his eyes to see James who straightened his form removing his hand.  
He frowned as James spoke “It’s time for your required meal.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath got up from the chair and went to the dining room while feeling he still feeling the weakness feeling. He sat down feeling himself relieved as James went into the kitchen which he waited as Emma arrived carrying a tray full of dishware holding food and set it down in front of him. He felt himself terribly hungry ate everything in the dishware of plate and bowl along with gulping down the drink. He sighed and got up and went to the library which he again went to his familiar chair and sat leaning back shutting his eyes allowing himself to pass out unconscious. 

Jinks dreamed of facing Lance who hugged him then let go of him to keep a hand on his shoulder. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “Glad to see that you’re alright, Jinks-”
Jinks heard Ramses’ voice sounding irritated cut in saying “No I will not transport Horus to you. I’m in too much pain from those damn earthquakes that are bothering me way too much that I can’t do anything except scream like nuts.” 
He turned his attention towards Ramses whose head was bowed while hearing Lance give off a growling noise. He frowned seeing Ramses’ sisters make gagging motions on themselves with choking looks on their faces. 
Ramses he eyed spoke “No neither can my sisters do that. We’re all in too much pain from the earthquakes so stop asking us to do that bit. Ugh.” 
He frowned as Ramses raised his head grimacing on his face then he heard Lance speak “Aw, tell the High Council, Horus mating with a healthy Human female will restore his strength, enough to stop the volcano eruption. Just arrange that bit and he’ll stop the eruption.” 
Jinks heard the edge in Lance’s voice tone as he saw mirth looks on the Meritanians’ faces before Ramses spoke repeating his father’s words using the words Lance says. He felt confusion to turn his eyes towards his father who appeared to have a smirking look on his face that confused him. 
He spoke “Father, what you are up to?”
He got his eyes forced shut in response and woke up to feel a hand shaking his shoulder which he saw belonged to James looking annoyed. 
Jinks frowned as James spoke removing his hand “Some Human female is in the lobby claiming to want a baby from you as in mating from that but mind scans from guards say she has a Builder male as her mate. I’m aware of that the father of a female’s child with her having a Builder mate raises the kid with no help from the female or her mate. What do you expect me to tell the guards about this?” 
Jinks groaned recalling he mating with a female Human that resulted in Victoria his daughter and raising her himself flash in his mind. 
He spoke “Tell that female, no, I’m not mating with her unless she proves that she doesn’t have a Builder male as her mate, who’ll dump the child she carries onto me. Now dismissed James and leave me to sleep.” 
He shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feel a hand on his shoulder shaking him which he opened his eyes to glare at James who spoke “I told the guards what to say and the female in question has given the name of Januaria Van De Leur married name Petersen. She claims she’s a descendant of you, her husband being a Builder won’t dump the child onto you, and she will keep after giving birth to it. The guards find that she’s telling the truth with her words on being a descendant but aren’t sure about her husband’s views, that being not clear in her mind.”
He exhaled a breath and spoke “Tell Januaria to have her husband Mister Petersen come here and say what his views are towards this request. I’ll decide on what further action later once it’s determined by her husband. Dismissed, James and let me sleep.” 
He shut his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious.

Jinks came to again feel a hand on his shoulder which he opened his eyes to glare at James only to see a male Human with blonde hair that flashed golden eyes of a Builder. 
He frowned as the Builder male spoke “You’re a lot more than you seem, Emperor.” 
He opened his mouth and blinked his eyes falling backwards onto metal floor to discover himself in the High Council’s throne room and arms grabbed by guards lifting him up. 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “You will cease the volcano eruption now so do it period or else.” 
He spoke “I need visual on that volcano to stop it.” 
He again got the familiar command order from Shad followed by Ramses’ voice speaking in his mind “High Council, Lance says that Horus has to visually see the volcano to stop the eruption in order for his powers to work.” 
He frowned as he heard Onya speak “Erra transport Horus to the island where the volcano is now.” 
Jinks blinked his eyes to discover himself standing on a barren field which he saw was cooled lava and away in his eyes sight were an erupting volcano. He felt the ground shake making him stumble his footing which he straightened himself as the earth stopped. 
Jinks raised a hand towards the volcano and shut his eyes mentally speaking “I mentally ordering the volcano to cease eruption!” 
He felt his order obeyed along with a fainting feeling hitting him as he jerked open his eyes and shook his head feeling himself becoming dizzy. Jinks looked down as he saw it rising to meet him and he felt himself lying on it face forward followed by hands touching his back. Jinks felt a metal like object placed on his forehead sticking to it then blackness arrived as he felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks dreamed of standing underneath a tree peeking through bushes’ plant fronds which he saw a beach in his eyes sight meters away with Lance was standing on it as a light flashed besides his father to show Ajax appearing looking annoyed. 
He frowned as Lance looked at Ajax who spoke “Predecessor, the Meritanians are balking the High Council’s order of transporting my father to their medical rooms. What’s going on with that?”
He frowned as Lance spoke sounding sarcastic “I don’t control the plants, they control themselves. I don’t even know how they think so don’t ask me that question. By the way what’s up with transporting your father to the High Council when they should have him transported back to his home on the Humans’ mainland?”
He eyed Ajax who spoke “Actually the monitor sensor implanted in my father was cut off after the volcano was detected stopping its eruption. The High Council wants to know what’s going on with that hence they ordering the Meritanians to transport my father to them, to find out what happened to him.”
He frowned recalling a piece of metal placed on his forehead just as he fainted while lying on the ground and hands touching his back that felt he stiffened to himself Human like. 
Jinks eyed Lance who spoke still sounding sarcastic “Perhaps some restless natives of the island, actually Builders, found your father and knocked him out unconscious. I wouldn’t be surprised that they used their voice on the plants to keep them from transporting your father to the High Council.” 
He frowned hearing that as Ajax gave up a gasp before speaking “Impossible! The island is rigged with all kinds of sensors would alert the High Council of anyone humanoid, on the island, like what happened to my father appearing on the island which set off the alarms.” 
Jinks felt himself confused as Lance spoke “You sure that the volcano’s lava didn’t cause any damage to those sensors? Lava in case you don’t know is another form of eater but in an earth form.” 
He felt confusion go away as Ajax spoke “Actually some of those sensors are set in the air by what Humans, call satellite. They detected my father appearing on the island stopping the volcano. All of the sensors were abruptly cut off after he was seen falling to the ground appearing to faint unconscious, followed by his sensor cutting itself off like I said.” 
He frowned as Lance spoke “Harrumph, you sure that the sensors were working properly when your father got on the island, enough to detect others on it or in the vicinity of the island by boat?”
He formed a frown on his lip as Ajax spoke “Actually a boat was detected off the island but facing the area where the lava was flowing into the ocean, not making any movements. The sensors indicated that there was no boarding party from the boat to the island from the scientists aboard it. Also the sensors did indicate no one on the island besides my father before they were abruptly cut off. Others have no success in getting the sensors back on but they got sensors in the vicinity on and there’s nothing to indicate anything.” 
Jinks frowned as he felt a hand touch his shoulder jerking him backwards followed by plant fronds appearing in view blocking his sight of Lance and Ajax. Jinks felt himself turned to the left and stiffened facing a figure looking twin to his appearance but having red eyes and gonoid skin clothing on the male form. 
He frowned as the male spoke in some guttural voice tone “The High Council isn’t fooling anyone anymore, hah.” 
Jinks felt he confused as the male continued to speak “There are others aware of what the High Council are aware of on you, involving a certain volcano erupting and stopping its eruption, was confirmed by you stopping the eruption of a volcano, in front of them.” 
He stiffened hearing the male’s words as the male continued to speak “Just be warned what secret on you the High Council have know on, the others will find out and they have found out the secret.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut as he heard a noise blaring which took him a moment to recognize as an alarm clock screaming its noises. Jinks felt he lying in bed wearing nothing but sweatpants on his form along with that the bed felt familiar as the one in the penthouse. Jinks jerked open his eyes lurching up in a sitting position. He felt metal on his forehead and reached a hand towards it to pause.
Jinks paused when he heard a loud “Excuse me!” spoken in a male tone off his left. 
Jinks looked to see Human male flashing golden eyes of a Builder wearing medical scrubs while holding a one paneled computer device in his hand while having another hand touching the device. 
He stared at the Builder with confusion on his face as the male spoke again “So nice to see you awake from that fainting spell you had, Mister Montreal or should I say Horus.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing the name Horus as the male nodded his head before continuing “What do you know of volcano eruptions starting and ceasing around the planet or the Australia Atoll area?”
He stiffened further as the male nodded his head and then continued to add “The High Council thinks their smart keeping secrets about you to themselves. Too bad we’ll find out whatever secret they know. A pity to them for keeping their mouths shut for we’ll always find out period.”
Jinks spoke as the male paused “How did you find out about what the High Council knows on me?”
He stared at the male who spoke “Never trust Highlanders. You never know when one will be in the mood to be blabby about things especially when motivated to talk.” 
He stiffened as the male’s eyes flashed golden which he figured to himself thinking “The Builders used their voices on Highlanders to talk what they know on the High Council hence they aware of what secrets on me by the male’s words.”  
He groaned softly from the thought and spoke “Ugh what else did you find out about me?”
Jinks stared at the male who narrowed his eyes and spoke “Just very clear details enough to make a computer break down from too much information downloaded into it.” 
He frowned at the metaphor the male used involving a computer which he spoke “Last thing I remember was fainting on some island and feeling myself not alone just before I passed out. Didn’t the High Council have some sensor aimed at me on the island or something aimed at the island?”
Jinks formed a frown on his lips as the male gave off a chuckle sound before speaking “The High Council forgot that computers are machines that can be fooled, if programmed the proper instructions. By the way who do you think invented those computer sensors of theirs?”
Jinks stiffened gasping as the male pointed a finger at his eyes flashing them golden before putting his pointing finger back on the device held by his other hand. 
He stared at the male with widen eyes as the Builder spoke “The High Council forgot that all of the technological computer inventions around Shadan, were created by Builders, including their own computers. Those computers, I should tell you were easily downloadable, including files on you that they kept without bothering to realize that there are people called Hackers, able to get into them. What a pity to the High Council for not being that smart with things.” 
Jinks stiffened to give up a gasp sound followed by a headache as Ramses’ voice sounded in his mind “No I’m not transporting Horus to you and neither will my sisters do that. He’s alive but his sensor must have deactivated itself hence you not detecting him on the island.”
Jinks frowned seeing a glare form on the male’s face followed by eyes turning golden which he figured that the Builder was hearing Ramses’ talk. 
He again heard Ramses speak “No uh Horus can take care of himself. Doesn’t need your help High Council so stop asking me that transportation request.”
He frowned as Ramses paused followed by speaking “Darn it! Your right a Builder ordered me to transport Horus to them after he knocked himself out ceasing the eruption hence his sensor stopping its noises. That Builder in question ordered me to not to transport Horus to you which I’m still trying to find out the real reason despite Builders ordering me and my sisters not to scan them.” 
He sighed as Ramses paused followed by speaking again “Don’t even think of using Barry on us! He won’t go for the order instead he’ll use his voice to cause damage around here. He doesn’t like you too well and hates your views towards Horus but he’s around here somewhere currently causing some damage among the restless natives by his talking.”
Jinks frowned as Ramses paused followed by the Meritanian speaking again “Oh Barry’s not using his voice talent but his words instead that is what I’m talking about. From mind scans he’s making the natives see you as nothing worth following due to you having that view towards Horus which he is using as an example for all the trouble caused around here. I should warn you that some of the restless natives are a little annoyed with Barry due to his talking enough to want to have us transport him elsewhere and off the home base and out of their sight.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath as Ramses paused followed by the headache stopping which he looked at the nurse he assumed standing next to the bed that stopped flaring golden eyes and glaring look on his face. 
He spoke “Barry? What’s he to Builders anyway?”
Jinks stared at the nurse who spoke “Actually revere like among Builders. He’s considered one of the first groups of Builders created by Edenia, our creator deity.” 
He inhaled a breath hearing that as he spoke “Ugh, Barry is already aware of me from being told of that, him being aware of my special abilities and teaching me how to use them when he was around from time to time.”
Jinks frowned as the nurse narrowed his eyes staring at him which the male spoke “Interesting. Just to let you know that the first recorded sighting of Barry on Shadan was when there was a continent island dubbed Great Britain before waters arrived and made it into several islands.”
Jinks spoke “I heard of that island but I don’t know about Barry living there.”
He got a communication from Lance saying “I saw Barry way too many times when I had a body but never talked to him or him talking to me. I suspected that he was spying on me from hearing him asking way too many personal questions about me to the natives.”
Jinks frowned as Lance stopped talking as he heard the nurse speak “Hmm, this seems interesting. Care to explain what was going on with you and the Master talking to you?”
Jinks stiffened hearing the nurse’s words as he stared at the Builder with a narrowed eyed look to see the male was serious by the expression on his face. 
Jinks spoke “What makes you think the Master was talking to me when I’m the Master?”
He stared at the nurse who spoke “Its common knowledge among Builders that the Master communicates to you. It doesn’t matter when you’re awake or asleep.”
Jinks felt he gasping at the nurse dropping his mouth staring at him. 
The nurse spoke “That thought started too many years ago by some Builder thinking that the Master communicates through you. The communication has become popular among Builders, but we haven’t said anything to the other races about it. Just kept our mouths shut about the communication, too many people thinking of you being the Master instead of just a vessel.” 
Jinks inhaled a breath which he spoke “Oh, the Master was just mentioning something about seeing Barry around, but mentioned that he thinks Barry was spying on him, from hearing him, asking too many personal questions about him from the natives.” 
He frowned as the nurse spoke “Interesting except that Barry wasn’t really spying on the Master. He according to our records was asking people what they know about the Master, just to see what they learned about him being around them.”
He recalled a confession by Lance in his mind spoke “Oh, the Master admitted to killing off a female who used him and got the natives at the castle angry at him for that. They stuck him outside the castle and tied him to some pole then-“
The nurse interrupted “Tried to burn him but some rainstorm arrived and prevented that. They left him there and he later got sick from it. I heard that story.” 
Jinks sighed and spoke “Another thing is the Master admitted that after the people freed him, he got well they started seeing him as some deity lord while balking to give an explanation despite him asking them. What’s up with that behavior change?”
He stared at the nurse who gave a chuckle sound and spoke “Back then rainstorms were associated with death, people dying from being caught in them after getting sick. The people’s behavior change, I suspect, must have something to do with the Master surviving the sickness from the rainstorm, enough to make people think he was some deity, how well he healed from being sick. I also suspect that his sickness didn’t last that long. Someone answering to the name of Jacinda, was recorded the one, who spread the deity worshipping behavior among the castle natives, got popular among them after the Master got healed from his sickness.” 
Jinks got a communication from Lance speaking “Drat! I should have suspected her of doing that. She kept changing the subject whenever I brought up the natives’ worshipping me behavior.”
He exhaled a breath as the nurse spoke “What did the Master say to you?”
Jinks sighed and spoke “Just regret that he didn’t suspect Jacinda of spreading the worshipping behavior among the natives, her conversing with him.”
He paused to clear his throat then added “Um, what am I supposed to be doing besides being in bed with this thing on my forehead?”
Jinks stared at the nurse who spoke “Just sleep you need it. The poisoning and stopping the volcano brought a lot out of you. Besides waking you up was just checking up on you and how your feeling that’s all so go to sleep.” 
He exhaled a breath to lie down without protest finding himself tired and having a weakness feeling running through him. 
He spoke “Don’t tell me that device on my forehead kills off the tracking signal emanating from the device in my skull.” 
He eyed the nurse who nodded his head and spoke “Just something to keep the High Council off of you and out of their hands till we determine that you’re strong enough to face and handle whatever trick they throw at you.”
Jinks exhaled a breath and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious.

Jinks came to hearing the sound of an alarm blaring in his ear which he ignored only to feel a fist connect with his face jerking his eyes open to discover himself standing with wrists chained above him while underneath a spotlight. He frowned raising his head as the fist redrawn which he saw belonged to an overweight masked Highlander that walked out of the spotlight. He felt himself strong without any weakness feeling running through him and frowned realizing that he was back in the High Council’s hands.
Jinks heard a voice speaking sounding electronic like a computer in a male tone “Good your up and awake. We can begin the interrogation now.” 
He clamped his mouth shut hearing that to discover he was still wearing his sweatpants but the device was gone from his forehead. 
Jinks again heard the voice speak “Care to explain how you got off the island without our sensors detecting your location change?”
He spoke “All I know is fainting after I ceased the volcano’s eruption.”
He felt a zapping pain on his back that made him grimace and grunt loudly. 
Jinks exhaled breaths through his mouth from the pain as the voice spoke “Liar, you know something we don’t so spill it now!”
Jinks spoke “Like what?”
He again grimaced and grunted as he felt zapping pain hit him on the back followed by the voice speaking “Your hiding something so talk!”
He narrowed his eyes and spoke “What makes you think I’m hiding something?”
He again got the zapping pain in his back that made him feel angry as the pain went through him. 
He heard “There’s no way you could have gotten medical help after fainting. We didn’t detect but our sensors went out for a period of time, after that which proves someone boarded the island and helped you. Also our sensors detected you back in your quarters on the mainland, proves that someone helped get you there. The Meritanians were strictly ordered not to take transportation orders. So spill it, who helped you?”
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth as he got a communication from Lance speaking “They already know who did it and want confirmation from you.” 
He spoke “You already know who did it so why should I say it?”
He again felt the zapping pain on his back that made him get angrier enough to feel furious running through him. 
He narrowed his eyes in a glare as the voice shouted “Confirm or deny that the Builders helped you!”
Jinks spoke “Why should I answer that statement when you already know the answer?”
He felt the zapping pain in his back enough to make him feel like a rage episode arrive which he allowed the feeling to take control putting him out. 

Jinks came to feel himself lying on a mattress on his side curled in a ball feeling himself calm and not angry while hearing a voice speaking “Wake up, Jinks will you? Come on wake up.” 
He jerked his head up opening his eyes to stare at a familiar barred gated wall and behind it was Barry looking annoyed who spoke “About time you woke up. I’ve been trying to wake you up for a bit.” 
Jinks sat up crossed legged discovering himself in one of the High Council’s jail cells as he stared at Barry who added “Alright just to let you know that there’s a war going on between the High Council and the Builders on the mainland.”
Jinks frowned as Barry continued to talk “This war started back when this Human God status started. Both sides have been doing things to spite each other and that includes doing things to you just to get the other side mad about that.” 
He frown further hearing Barry’s words as Barry kept talking “This status of having you declared Emperor was just something invented by a Builder doing it to spite the High Council, being aware of their view towards you.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing Barry’s words as the Builder paused from talking to nod his head followed by again speaking “I should warn you that the Meritanians are caught in the cross fire of this war, both sides ordering them to do transportations with the Builders doing it by voice and them obeying orders by the High Council.”
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth as Barry kept talking “I heard from my conversing among the natives around here, and on the mainland that the implants you were given to track your location, were the only thing, both sides of this war agreed on, both doing things to you. Also the Meritanians dumped you in this jail cell after detecting you having a tantrum. 
The High Council has not done anything about that just said “Just keep Horus contained!” and didn’t say how long.”
Jinks rubbed a hand on his forehead as Barry paused to clear his throat and then added “I should tell you that the High Council hasn’t ordered my access to things around here be restricted yet. I’ve been taking a look around taking the way of the area. I’ve seen some interesting things unstopped with no protest, from the natives around here who have been very forthcoming with my questions. I’m not sure why this has been allowed but I suspect me being part Builder isn’t that reason but something else.” 
Jinks lowered his hand as he spoke as Barry paused “I heard from a Builder that you’re revered among Builders. You were one of the first groups of Builders created by their deity lord named Edenia. I bet that might explain things around here.” 
He frowned seeing Barry’s eyes narrow with a glaring stare that told him that the Builder wanted him to say more. 
Jinks inhaled a breath and spoke “Alright, Barry, I fainted stopping a volcano eruption but felt something like hands on my back and some device placed on my forehead before I passed out satisfied?”
He saw Barry’s stare become more glaring which he continued speaking in a groaning tone “I’m told that the Builders know what the High Council knows on me. They were the ones who invented all computer devices on Shadan. Hence they are able to fool the computer sensors in saying just me on the island along with getting into files said about me.” 
He paused as a figure walked into view which he saw was a High Council member and his senses blared telling him “It’s Ajax.” who paused to stand next to Barry. 
He heard Ajax speak “Anubis, escort Barry out of here now.”
Jinks eyed Barry who didn’t look happy by the expression on the Builder’s face as Anubis and guards appeared with whining squeals sounds. He watched as the guards grabbed Barry’s arms and hauled him with Anubis taking the lead out of sight. 
Jinks spoke with sarcasm “Nice trick, Ajax. Using Barry to get me to admit what I know about the Builders in the High Council’s war with them.”
He heard Ajax speak “Actually the High Council ordered the Meritanians to dump Barry in the ocean in King Winter’s Kingdom followed by returning him here. Not receiving anything from being wet from the water, if he didn’t get you to talk.” 
He folded his arms forming a glare on his face as Ajax kept talking “Barry’s not kidding on what he said, to you about there, being a war between the High Council and Builders. Both sides have been recorded doing things to you just to spite each other like what Barry said. He wasn’t kidding about the Emperor position being a spiteful thing invented by a Builder to humiliate the High Council.” 
He gave off “Harrumph!” sound as Ajax paused from talking then added “Oh one thing I’m surprised about is, the Builders are aware that the High Council has Barry. They haven’t done a thing about freeing him from here, despite their revere like behavior towards that Builder.”
Jinks shrugged as he got a communication from Lance speaking “I suspect that the Builders want Barry safe from this, war hence they letting the High Council have him who’ll keep him alive, finding him useful.”
He kept the glare on his face aimed at Ajax who spoke “What did Predecessor say to you?”
He gave up a disgust sound very loudly and spoke “Don’t tell me you can detect him talking to me like the Builders said they could do.” 
He glared at Ajax who spoke “Actually that’s from one of my senses telling me that Predecessor is talking to you. The High Council with the Meritanians’ help identified, after I complained about having it, whenever I’m in your presence. What did Predecessor say anyway?”
Jinks spoke with sarcasm “He thinks the Builders dumped Barry onto the High Council to keep him out of their war with them. You care to explain Barry saying that he has unlimited access around here, including natives being forthcoming with their answers to his questions?”
He heard Ajax speak “Actually the unlimited access is High Council orders. They order him to go to a place somewhere on the base for getting information from him on that place, with him telling people who work there, what else they should be doing on it, their limited knowledge of the equipment. That’s what Barry meant unlimited access that the High Council is aware, that the Builders invented all of the computers and its programming on the base and was using him for information on the equipment.”
Jinks gave up a disgust sound hearing that as Ajax continued speaking “Also Barry’s not kidding about the Meritanians, being caught in the cross fire of both sides of this war. The Meritanians have complained about doing transporting under Builder voice orders, including doing forced mind walking on people by them and forced to say what the person’s mind contents are.”
He inhaled a breath and spoke as Ajax paused “You want to explain why the Builders haven’t bothered to order me back to my home yet?”
He blinked his eyes as the scene changed to find he sitting on the floor of the gym room with James standing in the doorway flaring golden eyes and looking furiously angry. 
Jinks unfolded his arms and swung he up with a karate move and spoke “How long was I out of this place before someone figured to get me here?”
He frowned as James spoke in a furious voice tone “The nurse told me to leave you alone, for two days, on the third day you didn’t come out so I went to check and found you gone. 
I also checked elsewhere in the penthouse and used tracking beacons to say your location which said “Australia Atoll.” 
I’m not pleased that the High Council won’t stop ordering the Meritanians to transport you to them. I’m getting fed up with the torture the High Council won’t stop pulling on you. I’m tempted to order the Meritanians to transport those stinking Highlanders into the ocean in King Winter’s Kingdom and see how they like it having torture done on them, growl.”
Jinks exhaled a breath as he heard Ramses’ voice speaking in his mind “Yes it was a Builder who ordered us to transport Horus out. Sorry the Builders are thinking of something suspicious to do towards you and we’re busy trying to find out what it is actually.”
He felt the headache stop as James cleared his throat before speaking “I suggest you go get dressed and do something about those dirty marks on your arms and chest.” 
Jinks looked at his right arm to see streaks of black dirt on them which he figured that James wasn’t kidding about that. He exhaled a breath to nod his head and walked out of the gym room only to blink his eyes finding himself back in the High Council’s jail cell. 
He heard Ramses’ voice yelling “Calm down will ya?! They want to talk to him that’s all! So stop blowing your top and keep calm! He’ll return once their done talking!”
He felt the headache stop which he looked towards the cell entrance to see a familiar High Council member his senses told was Ajax.  
He spoke “Alright, what else did you want to say to me, Ajax?”
Jinks glared at Ajax who spoke “Nothing just spiting the Builders that’s all.”
He felt himself get furiously angry willed the Master through to speak “I’m not a toy for you to play with so cut this behavior now!”
He growled angrily as Ajax spoke “Sorry, father, but I was following the High Council’s orders who’ll do anything to humiliate the Builders including using you for that.” 
He felt his anger take control as he heard the sarcasm in Ajax’s voice felt a rage episode arrive within him allowed the emotion to take control putting him out.

Jinks came to find himself in a calm mood with the Master roaring in the back of his mind and not in control while lying on the mattress of the cell. Jinks opened his eyes jerking up his head as he heard a throat clearing noise sounding loudly. 
He looked at the cell entrance to see Barry standing there behind the bars looking annoyed who spoke “One advantage the Meritanians can’t do, however Builders use their voices on them, to transport is transporting you whenever you have a rage episode. They can’t do that order period. Both sides agreed, that its best to keep you contained whenever you have a rage episode. That’s from experience of both sides suffering injuries from you having rage episodes targeting them and not caring who they are.”
Jinks exhaled a breath to sit up crossed legged as Barry spoke loudly “Meritanians transport Horus now that he’s calmer.” 
He blinked his eyes to discover himself in his bedroom with night vision running in his eyes sight. He got up and glared at the alarm clock seeing it blare nine o’clock at night. Jinks figured he might as well go shower which he entered the bathroom. 

Jinks walked out dressed in pajama pants fresh from showering. He sighed feeling himself much better from the shower as he went to the bed and yanked back the blankets. He got in bed on his left side and pulled the blankets over his head shutting his eyes allowing himself to sleep. Jinks dreamed of Lance who appeared annoyed. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “This use of using you as a toy in this war is getting ridiculously, annoying.” 
He stared at Lance who appeared to be glaring at the Meritanians before his father continued speaking “Also the Builders are fed up with that toy thing but the High Council won’t stop pulling torturous things on you hence they playing this game using you.”
Jinks felt himself disgusted hearing that figured the emotion was from Lance who looked at him before adding “I told the Meritanians to lay off transporting you to the High Council, the Builders fed up with the toy joke.”
He frown hearing that as he got Ramses’ familiar question “Shouldn’t you be getting up from bed?” which he felt his eyes forced shut and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm blaring in his ear jerked open his eyes and lurched up in a sitting position to discover himself still in the penthouse in his bedroom. He sighed loudly got up from the bed and went into the bathroom to find clothes for him sitting on the sink counter which he exchanged from the pajamas. He sighed feeling himself better putting on the clothes left the bathroom after brushing his hair and went to the bedroom doors yanking them open to find James in his familiar spot.
James was giving him “What do you want?” expression. 
He exhaled a breath to walk to the dining room to sit and waited as Emma came out carrying a tray and set it down in front of him. Jinks found himself terribly hungry eat every food on his plate and drank down the drink. He sighed and got up walking out of the dining room and went to the library and went inside to sit in a chair which he felt no book between the cushion and chair as he leaned back. Jinks breathed deeply allowed his thoughts to wander in his mind.  
He growled annoyance when he heard Ramses’ voice sounding in his mind “No, I’m not transporting Horus to you. No, uh, the Builders voice ordered us not to transport him to you. Oh by the way, there’s a Builder detected that is quite annoyed about us transporting Horus to you, enough to think of voice ordering us to have all of you dumped in the ocean in King Winter’s Kingdom and make sure that only Highlander controlled boats pick you up.” 
He leaned forwards to place his elbows on his thighs clasping his hands putting his forehead on them as Ramses paused from talking while sensing the Meritanian was still transmitting his talk to him by the headache felt. 
He mentally yelled “Ramses! What will get the High Council and the Builders to stop fighting each other and using me, you and your sisters in this war of theirs?!”
Jinks heard “Ugh huh!” from Ramses sensing that the Meritanian had heard his words and was acknowledging them by the sounds he made. 
He felt annoyance as Ramses spoke sounding annoyed “Don’t even think of using Barry on us. He’s been thinking of that same thought the other Builder was thinking of doing to you that I warned you about. Oh he’s aware of things going around here and on the mainland involving Horus that have him furiously angry enough to get involved, such as him thinking of that dumping you in the ocean in King Winter’s Kingdom thought as the other Builder was thinking.”
Jinks heard silence from Ramses but sensed the headache still felt which he again heard the Meritanian speak “Ugh High Council, I discovered one other detail about Barry is that he, like you, can hear us talk from anywhere on the home base, and that’s from mind scanning him.”
He widen his eyes hearing that and felt sleepiness hitting him figured that Lance wanted to talk to him face to face so he leaned back in the chair and shut his eyes. 

Jinks dreamed of facing Lance who looked annoyed by the facial expression with arms folded. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “The only reason I can tell so far that the High Council is leaving Barry alive, is from detecting parts of Highlander species in him. That’s from him admitting it to me in a communiqué conversation when he was asleep. Also the High Council being Highlanders themselves have some interest in people who have that species in them, despite not being one wholly enough to keep them alive for their sinister purposes whatever that is.” 
Jinks frowned hearing Lance’s words as his father continued speaking “I suspect the Highlander species parts detected in you, is why the High Council have been balking on killing you, despite wanting that to happen. They could have ordered the Meritanians to transport you to their home base while you were out asleep, in some tube during your ten years in it, and used whatever method found, to kill you off, but they didn’t do it.”
He opened his mouth to hear Ramses speaking loudly “Actually, Lance Richard is free at the moment. You want me to say to him what you wanted to tell him?”
Jinks saw Lance’s eyes turn all black followed by an angry look on his father’s face which he grimaced and turned to look at the Meritanians to see Ramses with head bowed and his sisters making grimaces on their faces while appearing to look at Lance. 
Jinks shifted turning his front to face the Meritanians eying Ramses who raised his head and made grimace on his face before speaking “Ugh, you’ll receive a visitor, Lance Richard.”     
Jinks frowned as a light flashed off his right which he looked to see Ajax with arms folded looking annoyed on his face standing there. 
He stared at Ajax who spoke “Predecessor, the High Council wants to know if you can use your influence on the Builders to get them to cancel the order of not transporting my father to them.” 
He heard Lance speak with sarcasm “Any particular reason for that order when all you, High Council members, do, is torture my son with various pain methods and make him suffer, something I don’t like seeing happen?”
Jinks stiffened feeling disgust hitting him as he realized was coming from Lance which he kept his eyes on Ajax who appeared to form a big frown on his face. 
He kept his mouth shut as he heard Ramses speaking “Lance Richard wants to know what’s up with the order of using his influence on Builders to get them to cancel their no transporting Horus to you order.” 
He shifted his attention towards Ramses who’s head was again bowed before raising it up and speaking “Actually, Lance Richard, that order was wanting to do further tests on Horus, from hearing him admit that the Builders can detect you talking to him when he’s awake, something Ajax can do with his own senses.” 
Jinks shifted his eyes towards Lance who still had the all black eyed glare on his face as his father spoke with sarcasm “Why don’t you ask Barry the answer to that question? He’s one of them Builders and he should know the answer so ask him.” 
Jinks stiffened again feeling disgust hit him as he looked at Ramses who bowed his head and spoke “Lance Richard says to ask Barry for the answer to that question, he’s a Builder himself he should know how his species detected him talking to Horus.” 
He frowned as the disgust feeling left him which he saw Ramses raise his head and heard Ajax speak “Drat! I fell asleep for this right in the middle of something important.” 
He heard Ramses speak “Oh just make Ajax wake up will you?”
Jinks frowned hearing the sarcasm in Ramses’ voice tone looked at Ajax and reached with a hand and forced his son’s eyes shut. 
He saw Ajax disappear in a flash of light then turned to look at Ramses who spoke “I don’t know what’s with humanoids using that word love for mating anyway? Harrumph.” 
Jinks heard Lance speak “Don’t tell me that Ajax was doing some mating with some female when you put him to sleep.”
He again felt disgust as he kept his eyes on Ramses who spoke “Actually a certain talking humanoid terror, Human like Highlander, hybrid age two, was banging his fists on his father’s face, whining about wanting to eat food, before his father abruptly fell asleep on him. The terror is still whining and is still hitting his father who’s up and awake doing what little fists demanded. It’s a pity that I don’t have to put up with that bit.” 
Jinks heard snickering sounds from Lance which he looked at his father to see him having Human blue eyes with a smirk look on his face. 
He spoke “Father, how many offspring does Ajax have anyway and what’s with him raising one of them?”
Jinks stared at Lance who cut his snickering and looked at him before speaking “Actually the High Council since they came to position ten years ago had him breed with the same female, a Highlander, five times at two year periods, resulting in three males and two females, all inherited the power abilities as he did. The two year old terror Ramses, is referring to is his youngest child, a son who has shown interests in being attached to his father and not interested in females rearing him. The little terror has been getting his father to do things he’s demanded and has demonstrated his power abilities on his father when he’s orders are refused.”     
Jinks frowned as Lance gave up snickering sounds with a smirk again on his father’s face which he spoke realizing something “You had something to do with that kid being demanding towards his father did you?” 
He stared at Lance who cut the smirk off his face along with the snickering sounds followed by his father speaking with annoyance in his voice tone “Just teaching Ajax a lesson using parenthood to get him to understand how I feel towards you. That lesson should be enough to get him to realize how I’m feeling when the High Council has you in their clutches, including doing torture on you. I detest having that happen.”
He stiffened as Lance gave up snickering sounds which he spoke “I doubt that Ajax will know how you feel, his son controlling him.” 
Jinks frowned as Lance’s eyes turned all black followed by being gagged on the throat from his father’s hand on it as Lance spoke “You think you’re so smart about parenthood, aren’t you Jinks? You forgot about when you raised your own son so remember it period and you’ll get it what Ajax is going through.” 
Jinks stiffened as he recalled memories of Robert age two acting very demanding on getting things and using his power abilities when refused and being very attached to him flashing in his mind. Lance stopped gagging him. He rubbed a hand on his throat as Lance he saw glared at him with an all black eyed glare as he recalled Robert after turning three years old abruptly cut the demanding behavior but still was attached to him an attachment that lasted till his son turned thirteen. 
He spoke “Ugh, Ajax’s son is just going through a phase which he’ll outgrow once he ages a bit.” 
He groaned as Lance spoke “That’s what I told Ajax after he complained to me about his son’s behavior. I did tell him about you going through it with your own male offspring. The Meritanians backed that up by saying that they detected your offspring, Robert going though that phase at age two which stopped once he reached age three, along with an attachment towards his father, you that stopped once he turned thirteen.”
Jinks heard Ramses speak his familiar question felt his eyes forced shut woke up lurching up in the chair to hear a knocking sound on the closed doors which he eyed to see them open followed by James entering the room clearing his throat. 
Jinks looked at the butler questioning who spoke “There’s a meeting in one of the meeting rooms. Your presence is required to be there which I’m to take you to.”
He exhaled a breath got up and walked to the elevator sensing James following him which he went inside and watched as the butler pressed a numbered button. He felt the elevator move going to its destination followed by stopping with doors opening showing a familiar hallway. He frowned to follow James out passed closed double doors in walls on both sides of the room then going to another hallway on the left after reaching an end of a hallway. Jinks followed till the butler who stopped at a set of double doors knocking on them three times before opening one of the doors gesturing for him to go inside. Jinks walked inside the room hearing the door slam behind him to frown seeing males and females about eight of them total wearing business suit attire gathered around a table that all looked at him with eyes flashing golden telling him that they were Builders before looking back at the middle of the table. He saw a hologram of Australia Atoll and saw two of the Builders a male and a female were sitting at the table with lap tops in front of them on the table while furiously typing as others were standing around appearing to eye both the hologram and the typing Builders. 
Jinks frowned as one of the Builders a male looked his way and spoke loudly “Shall I proceed as planned?”
He continued to frown as another Builder a male spoke “He’ll find out anyway from the Master telling him along with how blabby the Meritanians are.” 
Jinks felt his suspiciousness arrive hitting him as the first male Builder spoke still looking at him “Jinks Montreal, what do you know of the current High Council and their manipulations?”
He spoke “Just that they have some negative view towards me, and is torturing me to spite you, Builders, having a war with your kind.” 
He folded his arms as the same Builder spoke “You know persons named Ajax and Yanox?”
He inhaled a breath hearing the names spoke “Their offspring fathered by me.”
He heard from the Builder “And?” 
Jinks sighed and spoke “I should tell you that the Master has influenced one of Ajax’s offspring, a male to attach to Ajax himself, just to get my son to know how the Master feels towards me, that he sees me as his son.”
He clamped his mouth shut as the Builder gave up a loud hmm sound before the male spoke “Who’s Victoria? Why do files say she’s your offspring?”
He felt the familiar hurt feeling hitting him spoke “She was my daughter who came to exist after I sort of raped a female Human who had a male Builder as her mate. The Builder in question had beliefs that the father of offspring through the female of a Builder mate raises the child without any help from the female or her mate.”
He paused to sigh and then continued to speak “Ten years ago someone had her assassinated, some feud with me who I’m still upset about it.” 
He groaned a soft sound as the male narrowed his eyes followed by speaking “That is odd that you were told that Victoria passed away. According to computer files unaltered from tests say that the Meritanians transported Victoria to the High Council’s home base. She was put in some suspended animated sleep and is still in that position at the moment. Files say some mannequin dummy head was made to look like her head and facial appearance for this person named Montoya Ramos to show to you just to make you think that she was dead.”             
Jinks felt he go into shock hearing the Builder’s words widen his eyes with the emotion running through him. He felt himself become weak and dizzy bent down mouth breathing hard gasping for air while putting hands on his thighs struggling to breathe which he found himself gagging loudly. Jinks felt a hand on his back patting him and a female voice urging him to breathe through his nose and calm down which he shut his eyes and clamped his mouth shut following the order of nose breathing. He willed his mediation techniques forward to breathe through his nose and felt himself calming down from the shocking feeling hitting him. Jinks sighed once calm to open his eyes and straighten up his form as the feminine hand left his back to see a female next to him looking at him with scrutiny looks. 
He sighed again and spoke sounding annoyed “What the depths was the High Council thinking of letting me think that Victoria was dead?”
Jinks folded his arms forming a glare on his face as the familiar male Builder spoke “From files very clear, detailed is that the High Council saying ‘We’re planning on using her for breeding offspring, to be raised as soldiers in a war.’ 
They have yet to put this in fruition. 
The file detailed ‘The idea started when your offspring Ajax was observed having inherited Horus’ power abilities.’ 
The High Council figured out that your power abilities could be passed to offspring.”
Jinks narrowed his eyes as the male continued talking “There’s file records ‘Ajax fathering offspring, who have observed to have inherited power abilities but aren’t that strong as their father or strong as Horus are, from tests as they are being raised growing up.’ 
The files say ‘The offsprings’ power abilities in question are strong enough to bring down a humanoid in a physical combat fight, enough to knock them out and then deliver the killing blow if their trained to do assassination.’” 
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that as the male continued to speak “The High Council ordered Robert, your son assassinated but the Meritanians interfered transporting him to their base, this servant answering to the name of Anubis knocked him out. Robert in question according to files is in suspended animation sleep with plans of using him to breed offspring through females all Highlanders by implantation. This hasn’t been done yet due to the High Council focused on Ajax at the moment.” 
He felt himself annoyed hearing the Builder’s words that paused from talking which he spoke “Ugh, more manipulating by the High Council.”
He saw the Builder’s eyes narrow which he added “One of them admitted to me that the High Council have been manipulating me and my life since it was apparent I fathered a male offspring through a Highlander female and that was years ago.”    
Jinks saw the Builder nod his head before speaking “We’re aware of that from files clearly detailed saying that including one interesting thing I think you should know. 
There’s a file that said ‘The High Council set assassins against Horus to knock Horus out.’ 
They had the Meritanians transport you to their base to some travel gate that can transport people backwards through time which you landed in Great Britain years before the flood. 
The files say ‘The current High Council at that time, ordered Horus, to get the Highlanders led by a Highlander and not by human female.’ 
You succeeded then one of their ships destroyed you entirely vaporizing your body. 
The file also said ‘A descendant of Horus found a body form of the Master from seeing you gesturing him to go into a cave and had it preserved somewhere in New York City till the body came to life with Horus in it.’ 
You care to explain this?”
Jinks stiffened hearing the Builder’s words mentally thought to himself “Father, what I say to them about this?”
He heard nothing from Lance frowned as his senses blared warning telling him “The Builders were up to something.” 
He spoke “I guess me coming back from the dead in another body must be something the Master planned on but I don’t know much about his reasons for that.” 
Jinks clamped his mouth shut as he saw the Builder’s eyes flare golden before the male spoke “Files indicate, there was a real Lance Richard who disappeared before the floods hit Great Britain. Also there are records of Lance Richard fathering three children who lived longer than normal life spans back then before being wiped out.”
Jinks felt himself not surprised hearing the Builder’s words which he figured that the Highlanders’ files were very clear detailed as the male continued talking “There are also records that you fathered twins through a Human female who passed away, said to be killed off by Lance Richard. The twins in question had descendants that lived till the flood arrived.
 The records said ‘One of the descendants, found a travel gate went through it and arrived in Earth. The descendant called Roosevelt Knight started the Master Organization, with finding Lance Richard’s body.’
Roosevelt went around saying ‘I had some sexual transmitted disease.’ 
Really he couldn’t father children through mating or implantation means like an eunuch.”
Jinks exhaled a breath as the Builder kept talking “Files indicated that a part of the body of Lance Richard was taken out and put in a deaf Human female who had some power abilities and a son was created which would be you, wouldn’t it?”
He kept his mouth shut frowning inwardly thinking “I’m wondering about my mother having power abilities, recalling her not displaying them to me.” as the Builder continued talking “I say that the Master has a certain fondness towards children, especially his own offspring hence they living longer than normal life spans in Great Britain before being killed off. Also explains why your living alive in the Master’s body, some fondness of wanting to keep you alive wouldn’t that be the case hmm?”
Jinks spoke “Ugh fine true on what you said. I’m the Master’s son. Anything else you want to know from me besides that?”
He stared at the Builder who stopped flaring golden eyes that spoke “The files on you are very clear detailed starting ‘Horus’ birth through a deaf Human female Lizette O’Neil Richardson who was said to have some sort of eye changing ability.’ which she through past medical records was actually a Builder due to that.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath though his mouth as he thought to himself thinking “So that’s where the power ability dubbed Darkness comes from. It came from her.” 
He frowned as the Builder kept talking “She was married to a male named Burke Richardson who was actually another form of Builder called Destroyer that came back from the dead and is currently living as the Humans’ leader.” 
He nodded his head as the Builder spoke “You don’t seem surprised to hear this.”
Jinks spoke “I was informed of this by the Master. I also was informed that Lizette and Burke had an argument on how to raise me. My mother hid me from him raising me without informing me of the Master Organization or Lance Richard. I had to find out through Roosevelt Knight and others about the Master Organization and Lance Richard himself.”
He paused as he saw that the Builder didn’t look surprised to hear his words which he added “Don’t the files say anything about why my mother hid the Master Organization and Lance Richard from me?”
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as the Builder spoke “The files detail that she wanted you raised without influence in the Master Organization hence she kept it from you. The date she was assassinated was when she was planning on informing you of the Master Organization and Lance Richard including taking control of that group. She mostly informing you of that takeover, from this fool named Simon Idaho, who was turning out to be a scam artist that was later assassinated off by the army on Table members’ orders. The reason why the army followed through with the order is seeing your eyes changes color in front of them something they haven’t seen with Simon Idaho which was enough to kill off that fool with their gun weapons.”
Jinks frowned hearing the Builder’s words recalling the memory in his mind as the male paused to give him a narrowed eyed look. Jinks recalled his children around the time of when he competed in tournaments in karate. 
He spoke “You know anything about three children of mine answering to the names of Michael, Lance and Lizette?”
He frowned as the Builder spoke “The files are very clear detailed on those three. The High Council kept very clear detailed files on you including people involved in your life and other information about the Master Organization.”
He exhaled a breath through his mouth as he spoke recalling something in his mind “One of those children Michael disappeared soon after being introduced to me at a karate tournament. 
The Master said cryptically ‘Michael is doing fine.’ and wouldn’t further explain his remark.
The Master has put off the subject whenever I bring it up with the questions of “What’s going on with Michael? What’s do you mean he’s fine? Would the High Council have anything to do with that disappearance?”
Jinks frowned as the Builder narrowed his eyes before speaking in gibberish gesturing his head towards a female Builder standing next to the male which he figured was foreign language which continued sounding from another typing at the laptop loudly.  He frowned further as the foreign language continued sounding among Builders in the room before it stopping with typing sounds still on going. 
He eyed the Builder speaker who spoke “Alright, files on Michael say ‘The Meritanians sleep him out, unconscious and transported him, to the High Council’s home base where he was mind wiped of his memories by that group. He told to go through the travel backwards through time gate putting him in the Australia Atoll, around the time of Great Britain too much time before the flood arrive.’ 
The High Council at that time for some unexplained reason of being aware of Michael ordered him to teach Combative Art, Humans dub Karate to their servants and other Highlanders. This was obeyed doing till they were able to pass the teaching down to descendants. Also the High Council after it was apparent Michael’s work was done had him put in some suspended animated sleep which he has been in ever since. There have been no interests by the High Council, current or previous, in waking Michael up from his slumber which he has been preserved from that time to now which is still continuing.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath feeling himself shocked hearing the Builder’s words who stopped talking to stare at him with a narrowed eyed look that told him “The male wanted me to say something.” 
He felt his shock stop as memories of his time in Great Britain flashed in his mind and he spoke “My time in Great Britain. I remember fighting off a drunk Human with karate and accused of being with the Highlanders that they fought same way I fought. I should have realized that the Highlanders were using karate from their fighting off Humans in a battle I witnessed without recognizing the moves.”
He groaned loudly before adding “Argh, on what happened to Michael. I should add that two of my children Lance and Lizette told me that Michael inherited my power abilities like they did. I’m surprised that the High Council hasn’t bothered to do anything about Michael’s power abilities as in using him for breeding once they figured out that they could be passed down from parent to offspring from seeing that in Ajax.”
Jinks frowned as he again heard the foreign language spoken sounding among Builders before it ceased followed by the familiar Builder speaking “Actually files say ‘The High Council at that time wasn’t aware of Michael having power abilities, the knowledge kept secret from them.’ as claimed by their files.
They weren’t aware that Horus had those powers. Also the power abilities were discovered in Lance Knight and his sister Lizette confessing them to Scotland. 
Both of them, saying ‘Our Father had the power abilities dubbed Source.’
They when questioned by Scotland’s ambassador McCart or whatever number he’s at, saying ‘I’m confronting you about your power abilities.’ 
That admittance made the High Council takes a closer look at you but not doing anything serious till one of them figured you as Osiris, is when they got involved.”
He frowned hearing that as the Builder paused to give him a narrowed eyed look expecting him to say something.  
He spoke “Oh, the High Council mistook me as someone named Osiris when I was actually the son named Horus.” 
Jinks saw the Builder nod his head with some awareness look in his face which he figured that the male was aware of what he said to him. He frowned as foreign language was again spoken sounding in the room from various Builders including the ones at the laptops typing on them. He continued to frown forming it on his lips hearing the foreign language sounding that sounded lengthy which he heard a sound of a door opening behind him turned to look to see James standing in the doorway.
James signed via hand language “Master Jinks to leave and come with me now.” 
Jinks sensed the Builders’ purpose of having him in the room was done didn’t protest left the room walking out to hear James shut the door which he waited for the butler to take the lead. 
He wordlessly followed James to the elevator which once inside the butler he saw spoke while noticing worded labels on the button console were gone from the elevator console “Just verbalize your location and the elevator will take you, James.” 
He spoke “James, how do you expect me to remember which number is to where I go around here without the labels despite speaking odd voiced tones?”
He heard from James “There are guards being assigned to stand in the elevators in this building to guide you and others on where to go.”
Jinks bobbed his head as he felt the elevator move going to the penthouse destination which once reaching the floor he walked out followed by James and frowned standing in the living room as he sensed the butler’s presence no longer around him.  Jinks went to the library to sit and think to he recalling his time competing in tournaments when Lance Knight and his sister Lizette were alive. He recalled to himself when he competed despite Lance Knight enforcing Roosevelt’s policy of not having a relationship with his mother, Janel, he and Janel always found a way to be together in private for mating and kissing and sometimes found out by the children. Often times they would separate like nothing happened between them without the children being aware of it. This included being in public places like the tournaments he attended which he would shake hands with Janel when she congratulated him on his results in front of the children and sometimes kiss her on the cheek but that was when the children weren’t around. He frowned to recall himself earning a black belt from the federation that made up their minds and gave him one which he competed in tournaments for black belts and was undefeated in the fighting part winning numerous tournaments including the highest ranked tournament. 
He recalled after that victory was ordered by Lance “You’re to stop competing and just focus on having a relationship with Janel. Jinks just let me handle people’s opposition to the relationship.” 
He found himself obeying his father’s orders due to numerous people assuming he retired getting news affiliated sources saying “Jinks Montreal has retired!” 
Such as a newspaper in the mail that said “Jinks Montreal announces retirement!” which he found himself annoyed but obeyed with the order. 
He recalled himself still going to Sun Dragon studio for Karate after Kui called him and told “Sun wants you there!” 
He went for a class and was told by Sun “I’m teaching you the Kata involved with the other belts. I’m also teaching you how to be a teacher of karate seeing you had potential of doing that yourself.” 
Jinks agreed with Sun’s words kept going to the studio to learn all the Kata involved with the lower ranked belts. Jinks were given numerous opportunities to teach karate to new students mostly kids with white belts on how to do a Kata. Jinks found himself patient with the students in their learning and finding the kids willing to learn from him. Jinks recalled to he once Sun taught him all of the Kata involved with the belts she gave him opportunities to teach the class drills and coaching them in tournament requirements along with helping them with their karate. Jinks remembered to he that he kept his father’s worded order of having a relationship with Janel despite some opposition. The opposition was mostly from Lance Knight but remembered using the Master Organization’s resources and people in it to help him with having the relationship with Janel mating with her from time to time in private of hotel rooms and in never his home or her home. The children would always find them there and haven’t successfully found them in the hotel rooms they stayed at. He frowned to think to himself recalling that he had the relationship with Janel for the rest of her life till she passed away but the mating habit stopped at Lance’s order when Janel reached her sixth decade. 
Jinks found her resistance to having mating when he initiated the beginning stages by attempting to handle her clothes from below the waist which he would always get protest from her saying “Jinks I’m too old for this!” 
He listened to her and didn’t do any more mating but just by kissing her on the lips and neck areas and cuddling with her with his arms around her as they both laid in bed of in hotel rooms in private meetings. 
He exhaled a breath recalling that Lance later when Janel reached sixty five years old told him “You’re to cut the relationship with Janel and be just friends with her as wished by her asking me.” 
Jinks obeyed seeing her from time to time always in public places such as karate tournaments to watch descendants of him compete including eating out at restaurants either with her alone. The subject was always on the past talking about what she did while he was asleep for twenty years talking about it or with Lance Knight and Lizette there which the subject was always on what the kids’ children were doing in their life. 
Jinks remembered getting a dream from Lance “Jinks, I order you to go to New York City to visit Janel. She was reaching the end of her life span and wanted you to visit her before she passed away, as her last wish. This wish is something she didn’t share with others but said to myself who heard her and worked on granting the wish.” 
He sigh recalling doing the order to meet Janel who passed away in front of him then after that went to a hotel room as if drawn to there and didn’t do much for a few days while lying in bed feeling himself sad knowing that he wouldn’t see her again. Jinks got a door knock sound on the door and went to answer it which was a hotel waiter with food and an envelope attached which he ate up the food and drank.
Jinks then read the envelope’s contents a printed letter detailing “Janel Knight had requested to be buried next to Roosevelt Knight in Wolf’s Howl, New York. This was had happened as soon as she was declared dead with a small funeral of just her children. Janel issued before death that she didn’t want a big fuss about her funeral and only wanted her children to see to her death affairs and that was it.” 
He recalled finding himself sad kicked out the waiter once finished with the envelope’s contents and had a breakdown in the room before passing out unconscious to dream of Lance comforting him.
Lance spoke “I’m ordering you to return to your home in Wethersfield.” 
Jinks obeyed once waking up to take a cab to there and felt himself struggling to move on from Janel’s death as the days passed with him having bouts of crying while isolated in his apartment. It was from religious fanatics worshipping him as some object whenever he was out of his apartment. Jinks frowned recalling that he got over Janel’s passing enough to stop crying about it but started having to fight with religious fanatics. Jinks recalled one night during a rain storm he escaped them taking a cab to the train depot in New Haven. Jinks had to wait till the rain storm stopped which happened near dawn to take the train to New York City while worrying about religious fanatics finding him there that didn’t come. Jinks took the train to New York City and once in the city lived homeless like a bum using his powers to steal food from venders selling them. 
Jinks grimaced recalling that time in his mind as he heard from Lance speaking “You’ll be fine now and won’t have to go through that homeless life again. I will see that there will always be a home for you to stay in safe from harm while being protected from people seeing you in various harmful ways.” 
He didn’t comment as the library doors opened followed by James entering the room clearing his throat. 
He frowned as James spoke “There’s a press conference outside with your spokesperson denying the rumor of you being dead and very much alive. That talk is from reports of the crown having poison on it enough to kill a Human male when wearing it.” 
He got up from the chair and spoke “I’m going downstairs to meet the crowd.” 
Jinks frowned as James blocked his way out of the room followed by the butler speaking “You have to refrain from talking. Your voice sounds like you have a medical ailment with your throat.” 
He frowned sensing that James wasn’t kidding with his words spoke “Oh, ok.” 
James spoke “You have to tell the guard, in the elevator, where you’re going for the guard to press the right buttons in there.”
He nodded his head and went out the room taking a route to the elevator which inside he spoke “Lobby.” 
He felt the elevator move going down which he cleared his throat and spoke out loud “Hello?”
He spoke the word repeatedly over and over before speaking “Harrumph, James isn’t kidding about my throat.” 
He walked out of the elevator going to the entrance and walked out hearing the crowd gasp sensing they seeing him while seeing news affiliates there and his spokesperson was a male Human that flashed eyes golden that told him was a Builder. He willed the Master through to hear the crowd become silent sensing that they can see his eyes change then willed the Master away from him before going into the building to the elevator again pointed by a guard.
Once inside he spoke “Penthouse.” 
He heard “Sorry, orders to take you elsewhere.” 
He frowned feeling the elevator move going up before stopping with the doors opening showing the guest room and a familiar figure standing wearing High Council robes which his senses blared telling him the male was Ajax himself. He walked out and stood with arms to his sides staring at Ajax questioning. 
He heard Ajax speak “The High Council was just checking up on you by sending me to you.” 
He spoke “I’m fine.” 
Jinks felt himself paralysis but rooted to stand as Ajax held up a gun device pointed at him while having his other hand up, firing the gun at him hitting him in the chest which he felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks dreamed of Lance who he saw had an all black eyed glare who spoke “I’ll handle that twit for that shooting. Meritanians put that twit to sleep now for I want to talk to him.” 
Jinks found he thrust sideways facing the Meritanians as he sensed a flash of light off his right side followed by a loud gasp sound. 
He looked to see Ajax looking shocked who spoke “My father was shot enough to be knocked out for a year, according to the High Council’s calculations from what they heard about my father being shot in the heart before.” 
He frowns as Lance spoke “How advanced do you think the Builders are involving medicine and medical ailments including involving your father, himself?”
He frowned as Ajax looked bugged eyed followed by Lance again speaking “You’re a twit and an idiot.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut to dream of himself walking in a cave seeing Ajax wearing nothing but shorts and chained to the wall while sagging from standing appearing to be unconscious. Jinks went to Ajax punching him in the face several times with his right hand which woke his son up who looked at him with fear on his face. 
Jinks brought his fist into Ajax’s stomach who groaned loudly while speaking “That’s for shooting me.” 
He uncurled his hand and grabbed Ajax’s head twisting it and heard a crack sound followed by his son’s form becoming limp. 
Jinks turned to his left towards the cave entrance to see a young boy appearing to be Ajax’s son from the looks of him that raised his arms speaking “Daddy.” 
Jinks went to the child lifting him up and carried him feeling the boy’s arms around his neck in a gentle hold while hearing screaming sounds of horror behind him in Ajax’s voice which he ignored going to the cave entrance and then blackness arrived which he found himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm blare its noises lurched up in a sitting position to find himself back in his bedroom wearing nothing but pajama pants which he glared at the clock finding the time as eight o’clock in the morning. 
He spoke “Sleep mode time.” 
He frowned as the computer spoke “Unable to comply.” 
Jinks got up from the bed and placed a hand on his chest feeling nothing serious but familiar scar markings as before. 
He thought “I’m wondered to me what really happened?” and verbally spoke “I ordered the clock to give the date.” 
The clock obeyed discovering it was three days since his shooting. He felt himself confused to go into the bathroom to shower and put on clothes that were the same as before and brushed his hair. He left the bathroom going to the bedroom doors yanking them open seeing James there looking relieved to see him. 
Jinks spoke “What happened to me? All I remembered was being shot by a High Council member in the guest room, right in the chest and waking up just now.” 
He frowned as James spoke “I was told that you would be out unconscious for three days. I was told not to disturb you till the fourth day is when I was to check on you for anything in case you didn’t come out.”
He went to the dining room to sit down feeling himself ravenously hungry from his stomach rumbling in him. He waited as Emma came out carrying a tray full of dishware holding food and three cups holding different colored liquids in them which she set in front of him. He gobbled up the food forcing himself to use the silverware and ate everything on the plate and bowls then gulped down all of the cups’ contents before getting up to go to the library to sit back in the chair. 
He felt sleepiness shut his eyes and dreamed of facing Lance who spoke “During your ten years asleep in a specialized tube you were implanted with all sorts of implants. Only three areas were proven to accept the implants which were your ears, skull and chest area front and back.” 
He frowned as Lance kept talking “The implants in your chest is actually a new medical procedure that was invented five years ago by a Builder which is a bullet proof vest put inside your body with ribs covering it on top. This saved your life from being shot by Ajax.”
Jinks growled an angry sound hearing Ajax’s name only to get Lance’s hands on his chest and forehead keeping him calm. 
He felt himself frowning as Lance spoke “I figured out why Ajax’s youngest son got attached to his father from communicating with the kid, the son being interested in you and sensing you in your son, hence the attachment.”
He frowned as Lance continued “The Builders retaliated against the shooting by having the Meritanians transport Ajax to a location where they knocked him out and drugged him enough to fight in some illegal cage fight with witnesses watching it and betting on it just to see on Ajax’s fighting skills. Your son has proven to inherit your karate ability but not your great strength, fighting a drugged Human male that was actually an Amula. Ajax barely won the fight by remembering his powers and used it against the male to knock him out unconscious. The Meritanians transported Ajax back to the High Council’s location on their orders and that was by a Builder giving the plants permission to transport your son to the High Council when the group ordered for him.”
He frowned as Lance continued to talk “There’s talk among the Builders, I heard from communicating with them on having the plants transport some people who are out unconscious from the High Council’s base, waking those people up to use them against the High Council. I’m not sure if that involves your children or not. The Builders are currently thinking of yanking Ajax’s youngest son from the High Council and have you raises the kid, sensing the child have some interest in you something they haven’t done yet but are discussing it.”
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as he heard Ramses’ familiar question which he got his eyes forced shut to wake up in the library room feeling a hand shaking his shoulder which he saw belonged to Barry and frowned as the Builder went to sit down. 
He eyed Barry who spoke “Ajax is currently going through drug withdrawal from the drugs given to him to make him fight another male. Ajax is a little insane at the moment. The drugs making him crazy like a lunatic. The High Council has used their medics and lots of mind scanning to keep him, sane enough to understand what happened to him.”
He nodded his head as Barry kept talking “The High Council ordered Ajax to shoot you who did it without hesitation but the Master made it clear to the High Council not to have him get involved in the war between them and the Builders. That’s due to emphasizing that the Builders can make the Meritanians mind wipe Ajax and make him become a servant of them to cause havoc among Highlanders on the mainland.” 
He frowned as Barry kept talking “The Builders are thinking of transporting Michael, your son, out of the High Council’s hands and forcing the plants to restore his mind along with putting him in the Master Organization army group to teach karate to the army members. This along with sharing his knowledge of the High Council in the past when he was ordered to teach karate to the Highlanders back then.  Sources are also thinking of transporting Victoria and Robert out of the High Council’s hands to some place else where they both can wake up and live their lives with protection from the Master Organization, with numerous Builders, including one group declaring themselves, The Hammer, a nickname Scotland gave them, that they accepted to use.” 
Barry paused to clear his throat then continued to speak “The Builders have managed to establish contact with me on the High Council’s base and have been issuing orders to me to cause havoc among the Highlanders on the base. I have been doing part of the orders but not all of them, trying to keep the Highlanders off my back and suspecting me of doing the havoc from Builders contacting me.”
Jinks nodded his head as Barry got up and disappeared in a flash of light which he leaned back and figured to himself that he’ll get some sleep finding himself tired and shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Jinks wound up only to dream of standing next to Lance on his right side who gestured him to be quiet. He frowned as a figure appeared in front of Lance with a flash of light which he saw with shock was Michael, his son. 
He stared at Michael who spoke “What’s going on since I was put unconscious?”
Jinks frowned hearing Lance gave off a summary of his life starting from competing in karate tournaments till being declared Emperor while sensing some details left out which left him confused but felt annoyance hit him which he sensed was from his father. 
He heard Lance add “A Human like race called Builder, ousted twenty years ago, currently have a war with the High Council. Both sides are doing things to each other as in doing things to your father to spite each other.” 
He frowned as Michael spoke sounding annoyed “Its not tolerable having that happen.”
He heard from Lance “I’m working on keeping Jinks out of the High Council’s hands just to keep them from torturing him some more.”
He saw his son nod his head followed by Lance forcing Michael’s eyes shut who disappeared in a flash of light. 
He stared at Lance who spoke “The Builders went through having Michael transported off the High Council’s base to the Zeskaya Hospital. He’s currently in process of being waked up along with having the plants restore his mind which they did themselves and not by orders. The Builders have influenced the Meritanians to not say anything about Michael including about Victoria or Robert when those two get transported out at a later date. I suspects that the computer files will be altered to show nothing interesting about Michael or anything about your children when the Builders go through with the transporting.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut woke up in the library room hearing a door knocking sound on the closed doors followed by them opening to show James coming into the room clearing his throat.
James spoke “Its lunch time, time for your required meal.” 
Jinks felt he hungry and didn’t protest got up from the chair and walked out passed James going to the dining room which inside he saw a tray with dishware filled with food and drink. He sat down feeling himself terribly hungry gobbled up the food and gulped down the drink. He got up and went to the library shutting the doors behind him and sat in a chair leaning back letting his thoughts wander reminiscing about his life with Katherine over the years he lived with her.
Jinks thinking at the time “I recalled to myself I missed her terribly, not having her around to help give me a purpose in life.” 
He got a communication from Lance saying “Sorry there was nothing I could do to prolong Katherine’s life, sensing that she would become a Charon regardless of how long she lived as a Human.” 
He sighed as Lance added “You should consider getting a cat. Cats aren’t popular among Humans because of them more interested in a gonoid named Dog. If you got a cat it would bring much needed attention to the cats and their plight of being neglected while living on the mainland and allied islands. The cat adoption would make Humans see the cats as equals to Dogs. The Humans stopped doing that too many years ago. I figured it’s about time that the cats get some attention.” 
He frowned to mentally speak “How can I acquire a cat? What do you have in mind for me to do it?”
He got from Lance saying “Just visit a gonoid shelter focused on cats that is overcrowded with cats. People more interested in dogs. I’ll let you know which cat will be yours to take home.” 
He frowned further mentally speak “When should I do this?”
He heard from Lance “It doesn’t matter as long as the cats get their attention enough to make people see them worthy of adopting and taking care of just to ease overcrowding in gonoid shelters. Too many feral cats, unaltered, having kittens that are taken away and put in gonoid shelters to be adopted. The kittens grow to adults and become altered to prevent them from having offspring while waiting to be adopted.” 
Jinks frowned but sensed that Lance was right with his words got up from the chair and went to the hallway speaking loudly verbalizing “James!”
Jinks waited as James appeared in front of him appearing from no where which he spoke “I want to adopt a cat, want to visit a cat focused gonoid shelter that has a problem of being overcrowded with cats to see, one will be interested in me to take home. Also see that the shelter get news affiliated attention from the adopting along with cats there getting attention to be adopted. This is being aware of that there are too many cats at shelters, people’s lack of interests, want my requests done as soon as possible.”
He frowned seeing that James didn’t appear to look surprised by his words figured that Lance communicated with the butler before telling him about the cat adopting. 
James spoke “It’ll take time for your people to find a cat only focused shelter in the city or nearby the city in another town. Also to arrange security for you to travel there and enter the place to see the cat you want to adopt and work out the adoption procedures for you to do. I assure you that it’ll be done as quickly as possible but it might take till the next day to get everything done.” 
He nodded his head finding James was serious with his talk as the butler faded from view after dismissing him which he went to the gym room and did only stretching exercises finding himself too tired to bother doing karate. He forced himself to get up awkwardly finding himself not willing to do the swing up move and wandered out of the gym room to the TV room which he sat on the couch and ordered the TV on to see the familiar dates on the screen. He recalled meeting Snowball a cat that lived at the White House and later with him ordered the TV to scroll for the date the feline lived in the penthouse from remembering an event called Christmas which was when Robert was seven years old. He recalled the event was filmed by Katherine and he focused on Robert opening presents addressed to him along with Snowball hanging around. Jinks ordered the TV to play the date which he saw the scene and felt sad seeing Snowball in the scene playing with the wrapping paper and batting ornaments on the Christmas tree in reach while doing friendly rubbing cat behavior towards Robert. Robert was seen opening presents only to get grabbed by his son to hold her in a hug then let her go. She didn’t seem to protest to the motions only gave off a soft mew sound sounding content. He sighed as he watched the TV showing the camera view jiggling followed by Katherine coming into view to open presents addressed to her then walked out of view followed by the camera view again jiggling. Jinks saw he come into view to open three presents addressed to himself. He saw the items were three notebooks that appeared to be looking like photo albums which he recalled what they were. Jinks remembered one was by Burke Richardson detailing his high school career at Wethersfield High School playing football. He recalled the second album was by his mother showing pictures of himself on each of the cake celebrations on Halloween when she was alive before he was aware of the day being his birthday, recalled her taking a picture of him posing with the cake over the years when it was that date. Jinks frowned as the screen turned blue with dates as he recalled the third photo album was on his political career until he retired from it. Guard Kensington finished his term as King a shared position he shared with himself, that his father in law was going through health issues of cancer that later spread and killed him when Robert was five years old. He sighed feeling himself sad but not enough to have a crying bout.
Jinks sat on the couch lost in thought “I’m thinking of Robert and wondering when the Builders will take him out, with doing it to Victoria. I’m dying to meet her and see her full grown, being cheated out of doing that by the High Council’s manipulating.” 
He continued to sit  “I’m thinking of Victoria and wondering how she turned out as an adult.” as he heard a door knocking sound followed by doors opening with a throat clearing noise sounding loudly. 
Jinks looked at James who spoke “Its time for your required meal.” 
He frowned to eye the clock on the wall near the door to see that James wasn’t kidding about that. Jinks felt he agreeing got up and walked out of the room going to the dining room to find a tray holding food and drink. He ate the food and drank the drink then got up going to the library room to sit recalling the cats he had over the years he lived. He recalled a cat named Sam that lived for eleven years with him raising Victoria till the feline was put to sleep due to finding too late detected lung cancer. He sighed as he recalled that the cat indicated that she didn’t want to live anymore due to not eating food set for her for seven days and appeared to be saying goodbye to him and Victoria by her behavior.  He had the vet come and put the cat to sleep with Victoria age eleven holding her in her arms while sitting in a chair with him standing watching the scene. He frowned recalling just before he killed a man Victoria surprised him with the adoption of two cats Tiger and Willow which he wondered what happened to them. 
He got a communication from Lance saying “The cats were sent to Alexei, that Victoria was sent to live with Robert and his wife Samira in California among your descendants. Samira turned out to be highly allergic to cats and her body couldn’t tolerate the medicine used to help her cope with her allergy so the felines were sent to Alexei who took them in gladly. Willow passed away five years ago from a stroke hitting her abruptly and that Tiger was put down six months later discovered to suffer from a medical condition called arthritis that made her in too much pain to function and live.”
Jinks frowned hearing that recalling hearing about Samira poisoned to death mentally asked “What about Samira poisoned to death as recalled?” as he got a communication from Lance “The poisoning was done by the High Council ordering Robert’s drink to be poisoned at a restaurant both attended frequently. Samira switched drinks whether on purpose or not is unknown and drank the poison. She died right away in Robert’s arms. Some Builder took pity on Robert acting depressed, too long, ordered him to mate with his female forming twin girls. The Builder’s sister wound up helping Robert to rise. The Builders got serious with their war with the High Council after Robert was declared dead in a car explosion.” 
He frowned as Lance became silent sighed to get up and walked out as he saw James appear in view speaking “It’s around time for you to sleep as ordered by the doctor.”
Jinks found he not protesting James’ words spoke “I’ll go to my bedroom and go to bed and see that I don’t come out till alarm time.” 
He got a head bob from James as he went to his bedroom shutting the doors behind him then went into the bathroom to exchange his clothes to pajama pants. He folded his clothes finding them looking messy with the folding and not neat as they usually are. He left the bathroom and went to the bed getting in pulling the blankets up to his chest and shut his eyes falling unconscious.

Jinks woke up by alarm time of eight o’clock, feeling he refreshed and much better rested, to eye the clock speaking “Sleep mode time.” 
He heard “Time frame of three days.” from the clock.
Jinks frowned hearing the clock’s wording thought to he “The butler rigged the clock to not go off till three days passed for me, to get some rest.” 
He got up and went into the bathroom figuring that he’ll shower which he spotted his familiar clothes on the sink counter folded neatly and not messy as before. Jinks stripped himself of his pajamas then got into the shower cleaning he, thoroughly then dried himself once finished. He put on the clothes and shoes then brushed his hair neatly followed by walking out of the bathroom to the bedroom doors, opening them to see James looking relieved to see him. 
Jinks spoke “Any news about the cat adoption?”
He frowned as James spoke “Word got out through news affiliates saying ‘Mister Montreal was interested in adopting a cat.’ 
The news said ‘Mister Montreal had cats as pets in the past, being interested in having one.’ 
The fuss got lots of people to crowd shelters seeking to adopt cats. The local cat shelters are backed up with adoption applications for adoptions. They were needing to do background checks on people willing to pay for the fee for the adoption. They were making sure that the money the people pay gets deposited into the shelter’s accounts before handing over the cat the person wants to adopt.”
Jinks frowned feeling himself dejected as James added “There’s one local shelter that the gonoid control police are based as their headquarters, hasn’t received much attention, the fuss and has been ignored by the people seeking to adopt cats. They have a good amount of cats in their cages and have agreed for you to come visit them to adopt a cat from them. Their seeing that your visit will give them much needed attention to help with getting money for medical aid to gonoids, suffering cruelty and them needing donations for helping gonoids get better from medical ailments. The shelter has scheduled the visit at a later time once you eat your food and wait for the time to arrive which you’ll go visit.” 
Jinks didn’t comment went to the dining room to eat breakfast then went to the living room to sit on the couch staring at the elevator doors impatiently waiting for James to arrive and tell him when it was time to leave. 
He spoke loudly “James!”
Jinks waited as James arrived which he spoke with impatient in his voice “When is it time to leave for shelter?”
James spoke “Please be patient, that security has to be put in place, with one of the local news affiliate crew is going to be there filming the event, to broadcast later. This includes with broadcasting about the shelter and what’s its job, for people to be aware of it.”
He frowned but leaned back on the couch and stared at the ceiling seeing it white with lights implanted in it shining from above while using his mediation techniques willing his impatience to go away. He continued to stare at the ceiling till he heard a throat clearing noise looked down to stare at James standing off his right. 
James spoke “Its time to go, you’ll be leaving through the garage by car.” 
He got up and darted towards the elevator seeing the doors open which he went inside and spoke to the guard “Garage.” 
He felt the elevator went down which he sighed feeling himself no longer impatient but relaxed enough to feel happy about getting a cat as a pet finding himself needing a companion even if it’s a furry one. Jinks felt the elevator stop followed by the doors opening. Jinks walked out looking around the garage room to spot his driver standing in front of a sedan with tinted windows who opened the door. Jinks spotted people wearing Master Organization army uniforms nearby parked sitting on motorcycles. He sighed and walked to the car getting inside to hear the door shut behind him. Jinks put on his seatbelt and figured that the motorcycles were the car’s escort as extra security as he looked out the window. He felt the car start up followed by moving through the garage room and out of the room into the street and through the city. Jinks seeing people outside appearing to watch his motorcade drive by them with ranges of emotions on their faces. He continued to look out the window till the convoy entered a garage. The driver cut the car short and heard him get out followed by the car door to his side opened. He unbuckled his seat belt and got out to sense he filmed which he saw nearby a news affiliate crew with a reporter talking to the camera. The female turned around while appearing to be holding a microphone in her hand looking in his direction. He saw movement nearby looked to see two people a male and a female wearing police like uniforms that walked up to him before pausing from their walk. 
He frowned as the male spoke “I’m introducing myself as Harrison.” the female “This is Melissa.” including “We’re welcoming you to the building. We want to give you a tour to explain the building’s functions.” 
He figured it was part of his visit to give attention to the gonoid control police’s work on saving gonoids’ lives. 
He spoke as the male paused “The tour sounds interesting for what you do have? I’m curious.” 
He didn’t comment as the gonoid control police proceeded to give him a tour of the building and explained its functions while meeting the staff members working there on the way while followed by the news crew. He was taken to cages to show gonoids that were medically recovering from cruelty along with given a detailed history of some of the worse cases the police found including prosecuting the person for the crime.  
“This has resulted in numerous arrests of people charged with large money fines. The money is awarded to the animal police’s headquarters to use to help gonoids with medical ailments. The shelter also depends on donations for furthering helping gonoids medically.”  Jinks were told by Melissa.
He was taken to the dogs’ cages room to see the dogs and told “Their ready for adoption from to fully recovering from medical ailments.”
Jinks were then taken to the cats’ cages room as the last part of the tour. He saw multiple cages having cats in them from various ages from kitten to adult in them crowding each of them with numerous kittens gathered together in the same cages. 
He heard from Harrison “The kittens come from feral cats that were caught expecting them. The mothers were too feral to be adopted but were spayed to prevent more carrying and that the kittens are grouped by litter in each cage.” 
He spotted several adult cats sitting in cages and heard from Melissa “The adult cats were caught by traps and turned out to be friendly with people enough to meet the requirements for adopting them. The males were neutered while the females were spayed to help control the cat population. That’s from mostly overcrowding in shelters around the city and elsewhere.”
He peered into the cages holding the adult cats to find most had a companion or more with them except some were alone which he figured he’ll focus on them. He examined each single adult cat in the cages counting about five of them and hearing no communication from Lance. 
Jinks spoke “I’m interested in an adult cat.” 
He heard from Harrison “Good. We have been trying to get people to adopt adult cats instead of focused on kittens, them abandoning them later when the kitties apparently become too much work on taking care of them. This is what some people have been doing, finding young cats nearly adults in the city around which is captured and tested for friendliness. Only half of them have met the requirements which all the cats are altered, then the ones not meeting the requirements are released back into the city’s park to live while the others are put up for adoption.”
He frowned hearing that spoke “What work is required for a kitten people abandoning them?”
He heard from Melissa “People have admitted to the abandoning, money issues that’s from cats aren’t that popular at the moment. Such as kittens need regular vet checkups for vaccinations against medical diseases, the shots and checkups are each in the estimated five hundred dollar ranges for per shot, per checkup. They were complaining to paying a two thousand dollar price for the cat to be altered once it reached a certain age to keep it from creating offspring once it’s old enough.”
Jinks nodded his head then looked at the adult cats alone in the cages before speaking “I’m interested in adopting a single cat.” 
He frowned as he heard Harrison give off details of each five cats saying their various ages and that they are two males and three females which he figured from memory of having female cats figured he’ll have a female.
He spoke as Harrison pause “I like a female from having them in the past.” 
Jinks heard Melissa speak “How about that one?”
He saw her point to a cage which he saw was a calico and was rubbing her body on the cage bars’ entrance while noticing that the other alone cats weren’t doing it. Jinks figured that she wanted him to take her home. He felt himself drawn to her put a hand on the cage bars to feel her fur sticking out along with her rough tongue licking his hand through the bars. He sensed a light show flash off his left figured it was from a camera flashing at him. 
He spoke “I want this cat.”
He heard Harrison speak “You have to wait a bit while we get a carrier for transporting the cat we dub Missy, for making people missing her lots from her being so friendly with people enough to remember her.”
He nodded his head removed his hand as Melissa spoke “Come with me.”
Jinks wordlessly followed Melissa to a room with a bench and a table then told “Mister Montreal, please wait while Harrison gets the paperwork for the adoption.” 
He sat down waiting while sensing the news crew was still filming him which he saw was in the room with him. Harrison arrived carrying a cat carrier with mewing sounds coming from it along with papers and a file bunched together in his other hand. He didn’t comment as Harrison sat down putting the carrier on the floor then thrust the papers and file towards him. Jinks discovered the papers were a form for filling out while given a pen. 
He heard Harrison speak “The file details Missy’s history along with medical and behavior facts found out about her.” 
He nodded his head and filled out the application with Lance’s input when he came upon a question he didn’t know how to fill it which he mentally spoke it in his mind and heard his father give him an answer for it. 
Jinks once done sighed as he got up and heard Harrison add “I must congratulate Mister Montreal on the adoption!” while handing him the car carrier and file which he took while smiling not baring his teeth. 
He didn’t comment as he was escorted to his car which he sensed the filming stop to see the news reporter interviewing Harrison from them appearing to be talking to each other. He got into the car and buckled his seatbelt then waited holding the cat carrier on his lap. The car was started up then driven out of the building into the street while hearing Missy mewing with annoyance in her tone. 
He figured that her noises was from the car and its motions being aware of being told “Sam, a previous cat sounded like having a hissing fit while in a carrier in a car ride to the gonoid hospital for medical reasons.” 
Jinks frowned as the car drove through the city to reach his home building which once inside he saw James come into view opening his car door which he unbuckled his seat’s belt and got out. 
He heard James speak “Everything for the cat is ready for her to live in.” 
He didn’t comment took the cat carrier and file then went to the elevator followed by James and once inside told the guard “Penthouse!” 
Jinks saw the male press a button on the console and felt the elevator go up. He felt the elevator stop followed by doors opening showing the living room. Jinks walked out to place the cat carrier down on the floor and opened the thing’s door. Jinks saw Missy streak out going underneath the couch and figured from memory that cats would hide when they were put in new places till they calm down enough to want to explore it enough to find the litter box and their nourishment. He went to the couch to sit on it and figured to himself that he’ll read the file.
 Jinks heard James from behind say “I’ll attend to the carrier.” which he ignored.
 Jinks read the file detailing “Missy was found in a city park being very friendly with people who had food and begging to eat their food by getting onto their laps and trying to eat their food in their hands. A woman managed to get Missy into a cat carrier brought her to the gonoid control Police’s headquarters for checking her out and getting her adopted. They found nothing wrong with Missy only that she needed to be spayed, did that then spent two months trying to find her owner unsuccessfully. She was wearing a ragged collar around her neck with no identification on it.” 
He continued to read “After two months of news affiliated broadcasts, no owner came forwards to claim her. They put her up for adoption after testing her personality, finding her very friendly with people, but not friendly with other cats, mostly adults but tolerable towards kittens when put in cages with either one of them.” 
He frowned as he continued to read that the file detailing “There was no problems found with Missy during tests, seemed that her owner abandoned her in the park, her friendly with people and wearing a collar with no identification on her.” 
He frowned reaching the end of the file senses Missy was still underneath the couch sighed and got up. 
Jinks spoke “James!”
He waited as the butler appeared in front of him whom he held up the file and spoke “Put this someplace safe for Missy’s further vet checkups and whatever required in her care.” 
He handed James the file who spoke “I’ll handle that.” 
Jinks watched as James faded from view which he kneeled and peered underneath the couch to see Missy looking freaked out. Jinks figured to he that she’ll come out when she’s ready and got up to wander around the apartment. He found the litter box container in the dining room in a corner along with two bowls in another corner filled with food in one and water in the other. Jinks wound up seeing cat doors in some of the doors of the penthouse including his bedroom. Jinks figured that the cat doors were put in place for the cat to access to anywhere she wanted.  He sighed and wandered to the library to sit wondering what the news affiliate will broadcast their report about him visiting the gonoid control police’s headquarters. 
He got sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who spoke “That news crew was picked, blaring news that are seeing you in a good way. I suspect that the affiliate is owned by the Master Organization. That’s them blaring good stuff on you despite the other news affiliates have been blaring all sorts of news that don’t matter if its lies and truths about you. That news affiliate being friendly was based in a city called Albany, before setting shop in New York City, interested in you. I suspect the transfer was by the Master Organization that must have bought them by money. The group had them transferred to the city, to broadcast things that made you look good to people. This is a way of counterattacking the sensationalism news broadcasts done by the other news affiliates.”
He felt his eyes forced shut which he woke up hearing a knocking sound on the doors and eyed them followed by James entering the room clearing his throat before speaking “Its time for your required meal.” 
He didn’t protest went to the dining room to eat food then once done went to the living room to peer underneath the couch to see Missy had stopped looking freaked out. She appearing wasn’t interested in coming out by her curled in a ball position and appearing to look sleepy while underneath there. He figured that she’ll come out when she wants to come out wandered to the gym room finding he needing to practice karate. He did his stretching exercises then a black belt Kata finding himself taking his time doing it due to feeling a little weary but does it then walked out of the gym room to the library to go inside which he found Barry sitting in a chair to his shock. 
He shut the doors shut and stared at Barry who spoke “The cat adoption was insisted that Highlanders, are deathly afraid of cats they dub furball. The cat is a defense against Highlander assassins, entering the apartment, whether transported by the plants, or other means.”
He frowned to recall that Barry wasn’t kidding about that from remembering Highlanders being afraid of cats in his presence whenever the felines were around. 
He figured he’ll go sit as Barry spoke “Missy isn’t used to you, you giving off some smell sense that overwhelmed her enough to hide. She’ll come out once she’s used to the sense enough to explore the place and be friendly with you.” 
He frowned as Barry added “The cat adoption was insisted by The Hammer which the group has been communicating with the Master. They insisted on the cat adoption, Highlanders being deathly afraid of them. The Hammer wanted every single defense used in the apartment for you to live, without being bothered by Highlander assassins. Missy is being protected by the servants and guards in the building, who are making sure her food and drink don’t have poison in it. Highlanders can do that, as a way of getting rid of her, by plants transporting them into the penthouse, to dump poison onto the bowls then transport out. Missy would take in the nourishment and get sick enough to die from it.”
He frowned as Barry kept talking “That’s not the first time that they pulled this stunt on a cat in your home. They tried to do that to Tiger and Willow, when Victoria was still living in the apartment during your time, in some healing sleep, while waiting for the results of your trial. The servants caught the poison in time and took it out.” 
He nodded his head as Barry got up and then spoke “The Highlanders will try anything to get rid of Missy including poisoning her.” 
He watched as the Builder disappeared in a flash of light which he leaned back and shut his eyes feeling he tired to pass out unconscious.  

Jinks came to feel a hand on his shoulder shaking him awake which he opened his eyes to glare at the hand’s owner seeing it belonged to James who spoke “Poison was detected in Missy’s food and drink. The cat came out and yowled angrily in front of her food bowls. She balked eating and drinking it despite her hissing fit. We scanned the food and drink to discover poison in it which was replaced immediately. The cat had some food and drink before wandering into your bedroom. I saw her snoozing on your bed when I checked.”
Jinks spoke “Ok, next time Missy pulls a hissing fit in front of her food and drink while balking eating it, scan it for poison and do something about it.” 
He heard “Yes, Master Jinks and it’ll be done. Anything else I can do for you?”
He spoke “Dismissed and let me sleep.” 
He shut his eyes feeling James remove his hand and dreamed of facing Lance who spoke “The sense Barry talked about in Missy detecting in you, gave her the ability to detect her food and drink being poisoned. She would give up a hissing fit to alert the servants of that. They’ll figure out that she has a poison detector sense in her, once it becomes apparent from too many times of her having hissing fits and finding poison in her food and drink. It’ll take awhile for Highlanders to give up trying to poison her through her food and drink.”
He nodded his head and got his eyes forced shut to discover himself passing out unconscious.

Jinks came to with a hand on his shoulder shaking him which he opened his eyes to glare at the hand’s owner seeing it belonged to James. 
The butler spoke “Its dinner time and time for your required meal.” 
Jinks didn’t protest got up as James removed his hand which he went to the dining room to eat his food and drink gulping and gobbling everything down. He figured since he was tired he might as well go to bed which he went to his bedroom finding Missy no where in sight but figured that she was around somewhere in the penthouse. 
He went to exchange his clothes for pajamas then adjusted the pillow against the padded headboard to lie sitting leaning back thinking “I just ate. My stomach might be aggravated from lying down so soon after eating.” 
Jinks shut his eyes falling asleep passing out unconscious.

Jinks came to hearing the alarm blaring in his ear along with a familiar vibration on his front while feeling pressure of a cat tummy sitting on him. Jinks jerked open his eyes to stare at Missy sitting on him with some look in her eyes that suggested that she wanted him up and awake. He sighed as she stood up arching her back followed by walking off of him to sit next to him washing her body with her tongue. He sighed again to get up and went into the bathroom to shower which he came out of the stall to find Missy in the bathroom to his shock that was busy washing her ear with her paw. He sighed and eyed the closed bathroom door seeing it didn’t have a cat door. 
Jinks frowned thinking “I’m wondering how the cat got into the bathroom.” as he dried himself then got dressed in his clothes and shoes followed by brushing his hair. 
He paused in the bathroom to stare at the door mentally thinking “How did that cat get in the bathroom anyway?”
He heard from Lance “The High Council had the plants transport an assassin, in the bathroom, Erra did but Terra transported the cat in, to freak out the Highlander. Erra transported the assassin back to the High Council, in their throne room, screaming of terror, suffering from shock and appearing to be out of it, from the fear emotion running through him.”
Jinks shrugs opened the door and walked out sensing Missy following him. Jinks went to the bedroom doors to open them to find James in the hallway with eyes flared golden while looking furiously angry. 
He frowned as James spoke sounding furious “An intruder was detected in your home, as in transported there, then transported out by the Meritanians. This has me furious with the plants for doing that transporting joke repeatedly. This is due to that intruders were detected during the night as you slept, in various locations around the home by motion sensors going off that showed the cat meeting them from various locations then the person transported out. We checked Missy’s food bowls to discover poison in it, sensors saying that an intruder was detected hanging around the area before being transported out, just prior to us servants arriving to do our duties.” 
He sensed that James was furious with the Meritanians spoke with annoyance in his voice tone “Highlanders from my knowledge are deathly afraid of cats. The cat was being friendly with intruders, all Highlanders, by meeting them who got freaked out by her. One of the intruders tried to kill her off by poisoning her food and drink. It’ll take awhile before the Highlanders stop doing that poisoning, for their slow to give up doing things.”
He heard from James “Harrumph, I ordered the plants to not to transport Highlanders into your home once I was informed of the intruders detected in the place. 
The Meritanians seem to be obeying my order hearing them comment to the High Council ‘We can’t do any more transporting to Horus’ home by a Builder ordering us not to do it.’” 
He shrugged and went to the dining room to eat breakfast then went to the library to sit in a chair leaning back which he thought to himself “I’ll sit and think for awhile.” 
He continued to think “I’m recalling my son called Nathan Junior after his adoptive father with his biological mother Laurena.” 
He recalled that Nathan Baxter Senior passed away but wasn’t sure of Laurena which he felt sleepiness leaned back shutting his eyes to dream of facing Lance. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “Laurena actually passed away awhile back years ago and that there was no fuss on her passing. She’s an Amula which the species have yet to be ousted by the public, their not interested in publicity for their race. Nathan in question is nearing the end of his lifespan for being an Amula and will pass away soon.”
He felt himself sad hearing that as Lance kept talking “The High Council had interests in Nathan but lost interest when it was apparent that he didn’t inherited his father’s power abilities and was more like his mother being an Amula.”
He frown hearing that as Lance continued “The female descendant of you that you mated with was given the name of Janel. She had a Builder husband named Ralston who used to have the beliefs on who raises his wife’s child. He stopped believing when he was diagnosed with cancer and cured of it. The cancer and medicine destroyed his ability to father children whether through mating or implantation doesn’t matter which method he still won’t father children. Janel had twins, a male and female which Ralston named Ron for the male and Risa for the female, making a deal with his wife on keeping the children and insisting that he name them.”
Jinks frowned as Lance adds “I doubt that the High Council will be interested in the twins, observing the High Council for a time not displaying any interests in multiple children carried at the same time by a female, regardless their Highlanders or your family having power abilities or someone else. Multiple carrying by females carrying more than one baby at a time whether their Highlanders or not is something the High Council frown on and don’t seem to approve of people doing that for a female to have a baby due to implantation.”
Jinks nodded his head as Lance added talking “The High Council has some belief passed down that one child is acceptable for the female to carry and not more than one for her to carry. They don’t seem to approve of putting more than one baby implantation in a female for her to carry children, fertility problems or having a mate that is a Builder. Builders and Humans aren’t compatible for conceiving children between them and must use implantation or another Human to breed the children for them. That’s it if the Builder regardless their male or female don’t have beliefs on who raises the offspring.” 
He opened his mouth and felt his eyes forced shut which he woke up in the library hearing a knocking sound on the closed doors while feeling Missy curled in a ball on his lap snoozing away. He eyed the doors to see them open followed by James entering the room clearing his throat loudly. 
He stared at James who spoke “You have visitors in the dining room. They came from the Builder group, The Hammer who insisted on talking to you in your home.”
He frowned but got up knocking Missy off his lap while hearing her yowl an annoyed meow sound which he eyed the cat to see her on the floor arching her back. He left the room going to the dining room sensing the cat following him. Jinks paused to see two Builders in the room one who looked familiar standing while the other was sitting at the table typing onto a laptop computer.  He recalled meeting the Builders in a Table meeting room and remembered the standing Builder male as the one who did the talking to him while he was in the room. Jinks frowned as he sensed Missy in the room by feeling her rubbing her head on his ankle. Jinks then felt her stop followed by the cat getting on the table in his line of sight to sniff the laptop computer before she sat tummy sitting facing his direction. 
He eyed the Builders as the one standing spoke “The name is Torresin and my friend here is named Sochi.” 
He frowned further as Torresin kept talking “”The High Council from files are getting desperate to spite us, using you, by sending assassins all Highlanders, into your home to poison you enough to bring you down for awhile. Then spread the poisoning as a rumor saying that you had been poisoned enough to be brought down but still alive. The High Council are trying to shred our reputation by blaming us for the poisoning, once it becomes successful, getting Humans angry enough to pick on us and stop seeing you as some Human God. The Human God thing will be slow to go away, the Master Organization worshipping you as a deity lord and seeing you as that way.”
Jinks sensed himself frowning as Torresin kept on talking “The High Council isn’t being smart for every single one of their orders have been recorded into computer. My people have used hackers to discover the orders and have counterattacked the orders, whatever it is no matter how serious it is. We have ordered the Meritanians to keep their mouths shut about that situation just to keep the High Council from finding out about it.”
He folded his arms as Torresin continued talking “Your son, Michael has successfully woken up with memories restored and intact in his mind. He was brought to an army group in some state I heard, was Connecticut, but unsure of the location. He has taken up the job of training army members’ karate doing that to Highlanders back then. We managed to figure out from records that Highlanders are still using karate taught by Michael to fight in physical combat battles.”
He nodded his head in a short bob as Torresin continued “I believe you heard from sources of what we did to your son Ajax after he shot you. We had an ulterior motive having him fight an opponent in a cage fight. We were actually checking out this record of Michael teaching Highlanders karate to see if Ajax was fluent in the combative art method to fight in physical combat. He proved to have that when fighting but didn’t appear to be very strong in strength from the looks of him, fighting a Human male really an Amula who are known among the High Council for being very strong in strength.” 
Jinks frown forming it on his lips as Torresin kept talking “The High Council have records of the Amula species in their files that are very clear detailed about them. Such as the race being very resistant to having their minds wiped by mind walkers no matter how powerful they are.  Also files detailed that the Amula aren’t native of Shadan like some of the races here are already are but came over from Ancient Earth, aren’t known as native to any other planetary world under High Council control. It appears from the files that the High Council think the Amula are some evolved part of the Human species that happened on Ancient Earth, isn’t sure what brought that in the first place. They theorized it’s the other species on other controlled planetary worlds obeying their orders to extinct Humans and that made the Humans evolved to hide as gonoids just to keep their species from facing extinction.” 
Jinks spoke “I need to sit down.” 
He saw Torresin appear to agree by the head bob which he sat down in a chair and sensed Missy get on his lap tummy sitting on him. He felt sleepiness yawned hard then put a hand on his face elbow on the arm rest and shut his eyes. 
He dreamed of Lance who spoke “The High Council know of the transporting Michael out from one of their servants witnessing it and reported by word of mouth via the Meritanians to the High Council. Their aware of Builders having Hackers into their computers from servants on the mainland reading the minds of people and having the Meritanians report what the Highlander servants’ minds are saying to the High Council. The High Council are aware of computer files altered on Michael and are taking a closer eye on Victoria and Robert for anything suspicious by the Builders as for the High Council their now using word of mouth for to say their orders.”
Jinks felt annoyance hit him spoke “What do the High Council plan to do with Victoria and Robert?”
He frowned as Lance spoke “I heard nothing going to be done on those two, just keep them under watched eye for transporting out along with their location tracked and that’s all I know.” 
He frowned feeling his eyes forced shut which he woke up feeling a hand on his shoulder belonging to James who spoke “The Builders aren’t finished talking to you. It was quite rude of you to fall asleep in front of them.” 
He spoke as James removed his hand and faded from view “I got information straight from a source I contact via asleep that the High Council’s minions on the mainland have been scanning people’s minds. The Meritanians have reported the mind scanning’s contents from scanning the servants’ minds to the High Council. They already know of Michael’s transporting along with orders hacked by Builders. The High Council now uses word of mouth to say their orders around their home base. They haven’t done anything to Victoria or Robert but are keeping a closer eye on those two for anything done by Builders. The High Council knows of files altered on Michael and possibly knows of files altered on my other children. They plan to keep a closer eye on those two and track their location once their transported out. I’m not sure what the High Council has in mind to do to those two.” 
Jinks saw Torresin’s face turn into an angry glare as he continued talking “All of the Highlanders on the base including this Builder named Barry can hear the Meritanians’ spoken words. It is possibly how their having the High Council relay their orders by having the plants speak them.”
He frowned as Torresin spoke in foreign language sounding lengthy and using the voice judging by his voice tone then stopped. 
He felt a headache and heard Ramses’ voice speaking in his mind saying “A Builder has been detected telling us while using the voice to quit relaying orders of the High Council anywhere including relaying information from Highlanders on the mainland and anywhere else to the High Council. We can’t do anything about that order. Another Builder has been detected telling us not to do any transportation of Highlanders by Highlander orders and it doesn’t matter where the Highlander is for we can’t transport them anywhere due to being stuck with that Builder order.” 
Jinks frowned as Ramses continued “Someone hacking into files figured out that you were relaying orders to us to relay to the Highlanders anywhere hence the Builders ordering us to keep our mouth shut on any orders said by you to the Highlanders and vice versa.” 
He frowned as he noticed Torresin’s facial expression become more glaring which he figured that Ramses was talking to the Builder while talking to himself his conversation between the High Council and others. 
Jinks sensed the headache stop as Ramses become silent followed by Torresin speaking sounding sarcastic “It serves the High Council right for their stunts they pulled using the Meritanians to do their dirty work which I’m furious about.” 
He frowned as Torresin disappeared in a flash of light followed by Sochi speaking in foreign language using the voice which the Builder appeared lying on the floor unconscious. 
He saw Sochi get up to feel Torresin’s pulse and speak “Torresin appears to be knocked out unconscious. I’ll have him transported to the hospital for checking up.”
He didn’t comment as Sochi pulled out a cell phone and spoke in foreign language on it sounding lengthy then put the device away. Jinks frowned as the Builder stood up to fold the laptop computer in half then picked it up by handle. He eyed Torresin as James arrive picking up the Builder and hauling him out of the dining room followed by Sochi. He felt Missy dig her claws in his thighs while hearing her give off a meow sound sounding like she didn’t want him to get up while sensing the feeling from her body on his lap. He exhaled a breath to put a hand on his face and elbow on the armrest to shut his eyes while feeling sleepy sighed sensing that Lance wanted to talk to him. 
He dreamed of facing Lance who spoke “The Meritanians transported Torresin to the High Council’s throne room on orders of the High Council. Anubis knocked him out unconscious and was using him as a punching bag with his fists. Sochi managed to keep Torresin from getting further hurt by ordering the Meritanians to transport him back to where he was. Sochi’s cell phone conversation was about Torresin and what he said to you and what the plants did to that Builder. Sochi was alerting his boss about what you said that caused Torresin to speak his orders.”
He frowned as Lance continued “The Builders haven’t done a transporting Builders order on the Meritanians. Highlander assassins have been targeting them such as torpedoes aimed at their cars. They have yelled at the plants to transport them out alive. This has worked every time just to stay alive from deadly traps. The Meritanians in question haven’t said anything about the Builders issuing them to transport them or that. There’s no transporting Builders order done, to the High Council. Minions of the High Council on the mainland and allied islands have figured this out and have issued the plants to transport Builders to the High Council. This has only happened twice and that the Builders were knocked out before their companion witnessing the transporting issued the plants to transport them back. This has happened to Torresin and another Builder who ordered the Meritanians to not take Highlander transporting orders. This order got them both transported to the High Council which Anubis knocked them out and used them as a punching bag.”
He frowned forming it on his lips as Lance kept talking “I should tell you that the Builders’ leader of the Hammer group is kept secret from other Builders mostly ones who have contact with Highlanders anywhere. Highlanders have been detected scanning their minds enough to want to bring down their leader by assassination. Also the identity of the Builders’ leader is very heavy guarded where only a few Builders, ones who have the ability to detect their minds scanned know who the leader is and have contact with this person to relay orders to the others.”
He felt his eyes forced shut woke up with a start to feel a furry face rubbing his face while hearing a meow sounding worried to him. He stared at Missy who again rubbed her face on his chin before getting off of him onto the table. Jinks sighed getting up to reach a hand towards the cat who rubbed her head on his fingers. He sighed again to reach his other hand towards Missy to rub her back feeling it arch underneath his hand. 
He again sighed and got from Lance “Go stretch and practice karate. You need the exercise.” 
He groaned sensing Lance wasn’t kidding by his voice tone, removed his hands from Missy to walk away out of the dining room to the gym room swinging open the doors. Jinks wound up staring at Barry standing in the room with a glare on the Builder’s face. 
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke sounding serious “There’s another reason why the High Council are leaving me alive is that they think I’m the leader of the Builders’ group, The Hammer.” 
He frowned to walk into the room to stand with arms folded as Barry kept talking “That belief is from their minions scanning the minds of Builders undetected who have pointed the leadership towards me. I’m not going to confirm or deny it, things going around that suggested its best to keep my mouth shut about that.”
He nodded his head as he got a communication from Lance saying “There are actually two leaders of The Hammer group which is Barry and one another who you already met are Alexei Zesky himself.”
Jinks stiffened hearing Lance’s words as he heard Barry speak “I believe your source told you something about the leader. 
Just be warned that the High Council might try to get that out of you, hearing things around the base from Highlanders claiming ‘Horus is actually the leader and not Barry.’ 
Try to be careful of that.” 
He nodded his head as Barry kept talking “Also I was told by the High Council to deliver a message to you hence my presence here.” 
He frowned as Barry’s face turned more glaring as the Builder continued “The High Council said ‘We were trying to hurt you when we had Katherine’s doctor be silent about her cancer diagnose till it was too late to save her. We admitted to doing it on purpose just to bring you down mentally enough to suffer pain from her loss.’” 
Jinks stiffened hearing Barry’s words as the Builder added “Just be careful about accepting females as your mate, you never know when one will turn out to be an assassin.” 
He stared at Barry who disappeared in a flash of light. He groaned and sat down doing his stretching exercises feeling himself stiff but tension released. He got up with a swing up move and then proceeded to do his Kata in a black belt finding he quite stiff from the movements. Jinks figured it was from not practicing for awhile while he was out unconscious from being poisoned and stopping the volcano. Jinks halted his karate as tears flowed from his eyes along with sadness hitting him as memories of Katherine flashed in his mind. He fell to kneeling rocking his form back and forth as the tears continued flowing while feeling the familiar pain of grief hitting him. He slid to the floor and curled into a ball shutting his eyes allowing himself to pass out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm sounding in his ear along with a weak mewing sound. He sat up feeling deadness hitting him looked around the room unseeing the items in it. He looked at the bed besides him to see Missy lying in a cat bed on the bed while wearing a cylinder collar around her neck with a bandage on her side.
Missy with some ‘Pity me!” look in her eyes as she eyed him. 
Jinks stared at Missy with the deadness feeling continuing to run through him. He got up from the bed and went to the bedroom doors yanking them open to find James lying on the floor unconscious. He looked up to see a female with his face standing in the hallway that pointed a gun device aimed at his chest. Jinks stared at her with shock running through him recognizing her as Victoria, his daughter who fired the gun, stared at her in the face. He saw no recognition in her face or eyes as he felt a stinging pain in his chest followed by sleepiness that persisted taking control as he felt a weakness feeling hitting him and fell to the floor. 
He felt the floor with his front as he moaned out “Victoria.”          
Jinks felt the sleepiness persisted shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious till there was nothing. 

Jinks dreamed of standing in a room that he recognized as a bedroom in the High Council’s base. He saw Barry lying on the bed asleep that opened his eyes and appeared to stare at the ceiling with some disgusted expression on the Builder’s face. He continued to watch as Barry sat up shifting legs off the bed and picked up his cane from the floor before getting up walking by him as if not seeing him. He felt himself floating while following Barry out of the room into the hallway to the familiar bar room where he saw the same people there as before. He watched as Barry seated himself on a stool then was handed a cup by an Annukai who took it and took a sip of the drink. 
Jinks watched as Barry paused from drinking to raise the cup up loudly speaking “To the High Council’s death as said by Highlanders.” 
He heard silence in the room as Barry lowered his cup and began sipping it as the scene changed to show a large vertical cylinder tube with blue liquid inside it and saw a naked male figure in it. Jinks recognized as he, he sure involving who he was in that tube. He felt rage arrive within him as he saw a male Highlander walk into view wearing green clothing that pulled out a syringe needle from a pocket heading towards a console next to the tube. Jinks felt his feet on solid ground struck out attacking the Highlander with his fists, legs and feet flying and seeing the male act like he was hit from his attack. He continued to attack the Highlander who fell to the ground appearing to be unconscious which he continued kicking on the side till something made him look up. He saw a familiar male he recognized as Alexei standing at the console looking in his direction with narrowed eyes while appearing to see him that appeared to press a button with his finger on the console. He raised his hands fisting them while staring at Alexei staring at him back as blackness arrived followed by a loud sound blaring loudly. 

“Argh I realized that male in the tube was me despite some ghostly spirit trying to keep someone from freeing him. Ugh. Zerra is snickering again in my mind to my disgust. Ugh. I tried to recall my freeing from the tube but Zerra’s laughter in my mind wound up giving me this memory instead.”

Jinks felt he lying on a bed wearing pajama pants with blankets covering his form while hearing the familiar sound of the alarm clock blaring its noises. He opened his eyes and sat up with a jerk gasping loudly as he brought a hand to his chest over his heart feeling the familiar scar markings there along with his nipple and rib indentations felt inside him. He heard a meow sound sounding strong but not weak which his eyes shifted to look on the bed besides him sitting in a cat bed was Missy without her cylinder collar or bandage on her form. He stared at Missy seeing that she appeared to be worried about him by the look in her eyes and tone as she again gave up a meow sound. He rubbed a hand on his forehead with his other hand while still having a hand on his chest. Jinks eyed the clock seeing it was eight o’clock in the morning.
Jinks spoke “I ordered for sleep mode time.” and got no response from the computer. 
Jinks recalled the date he went unconscious “I asked for the date.” and was told of it which he though to himself “I calculated mentally that I was out for sixteen days.” 
He exhaled a breath to remove his hands from his form to yank the blankets off of him while getting up from the bed. He went into the bathroom leaving the door ajar which he stripped himself of his pajamas and entered the shower stall letting the water clean him of the grimy feeling he felt on his form. He proceeded to use soap and shampoo then let the water clean him of that followed by getting out of the shower to dry he. He eyed the sink counter to find his familiar folded clothing was there which he put on his form along with the shoes then brushed his hair. He walked out of the bathroom to spot Missy arching her back while standing in her cat bed who walked out of it to jump down from the bed heading towards the cat door which she went through out of sight. He exhaled a breath went to the bedroom doors to yank them open to spot James looking relieved to see him. 
Jinks spoke “What the depths happened to me?”
He stared at James who appeared to gulp by the throat motions before speaking with nervousness in his voice “I wasn’t told much. Just told that you’ll be out unconscious for awhile and that’s about it.” 
He heard the edge in James’ voice figured that the butler knew something and was hiding it. He willed the Master through to glare at James who appeared to look nervous by the look on the butler’s face. 
Jinks folded his arms and spoke “And?”
He glared at James who shook his head then spoke “Missy was shot by an intruder detected transported into your home but the Meritanians balked transporting the shooter back instead put the person to sleep who was found lying in the hallway unconscious. The shooter has been identified as some Highlander Human hybrid called Ajax who is in lock up while appearing to be withdrawing from some drugs in his system. Missy, I assure you has fully recovered from the shooting.” 
Jinks turned his form towards James to speak “What else besides that?”
He continued to glare at James who spoke “That’s about it.” 
He got a communication from Lance speaking “Jinks stop the interrogation. Just go eat breakfast then hit the library, I want to talk to you face to face, but you need to eat first.” 
He growled an angry sound walked away from James heading towards the dining room. Once inside he sat down in his familiar chair while hearing the kitchen doors banging its sound as he willed the Master away from him. He eyed them to see them still swinging feel impatience hitting him as Emma came out carrying a tray that grimace seeing his face glare at her. He glared at her as she set the tray in front of him while giving him a look expecting him to eat. Jinks obeyed finding himself terribly hungry, gobbled up the food and gulped down the drink. He got up and walked out of the dining room speed walking to the library, yanked open a door and walked inside slamming a door shut heading towards a chair to sense a light show off his left. Jinks looked with a glare to see Barry who went to a chair and pulled a book out then sat down. Jinks folded his arms glaring at Barry who didn’t appear to flinch from the glare. 
Barry spoke “Alright the High Council woke up, your daughter, Victoria and wiped her memories then ordered her to shoot you with some dart that had poison in it enough to knock you out for awhile. You’re completely withdrawn from the poison, to having some immunity to it.  After the poisoning the Meritanians transported her to the Zeskaya Hospital while restoring her memories and knocked her out unconscious. She’s currently in a life tube, she’ll be safer there from being harmed or used by the High Council. ”
He growled an angry sound loudly as Barry continued ignoring the noise “The Meritanians balking transporting Ajax back to the High Council is from them claiming ‘The transporting made Ajax sicker due to the drugs in his system.’ 
He managed to shoot Missy but missed hitting any vital organs, being too sick from the drugs in his system. He’s currently in lock up here withdrawing from the drugs with his son who was transported to help with his recovery. The withdrawal, I should warn you are taking awhile, his Highlander side is very slow to give up the drug, is common among Highlanders being drugged and going from withdrawal from drugs.” 
Jinks felt himself angry willed himself to keep calm as Barry kept talking “The Builders on their leader’s orders managed to get Robert out of the High Council’s hands, into the Zeskaya Hospital where he’s in a life tube at the moment, that it’ll keep him safe.”
He spoke as Barry paused “What the depths happened to me and the outside world while I was out?”
Jinks glared at Barry who abruptly got up followed by disappearing in a flash of light. 
He growled an angry sound heard from Lance “Sit down and sleep now. I want to talk to you.” 
He again gave up a growl as he went to a chair and sat leaning back shutting his eyes to dream of facing Lance who had a glare on his face. 
Lance spoke “You were out for fourteen days and caused havoc among people including the High Council.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as Lance kept talking “The havoc you caused was getting the Highlanders to “We declare the High Council disappeared!’ by blaring it in their newspaper, along with saying it by word of mouth. 
The High Council had to broadcast some airing show saying ‘We were alive!’ 
They still don’t know that you caused this which the Meritanians have balked talking about it.”
He continued to frown as Lance spoke “The Meritanians observed that the Builders weren’t buying ‘High Council is disappeared!’ thing from the Highlanders and that the Humans weren’t interested in caring about it. 
Also you took control of Barry in front of the High Council detecting you and said ‘It’ll take a lot more than your poison to bring me down. You made an enemy of me, Tam-Mykola MacLeod, who’ll do what it takes to assassinate you.’”
He felt himself stiffening hearing Lance’s words as his father’s eyes turned all black which made him nervous. 
Lance spoke “That’s not the only control you did. You took control of a Builder who voice ordered the Meritanians to transport all of the High Council members into King Winter’s Kingdom dumping them in the ocean. The plants by themselves managed to transport them back to their home base.”
Jinks felt he gagged on the throat by Lance’s hand as his father kept talking “The Meritanians blabbed that you were responsible for the dumping, detecting you taking control of a Builder. 
The High Council retaliated by having some news affiliate friendly with them broadcast ‘Jinks Montreal were dead poisoned by Builders!’ 
The Humans balked believing by targeting Highlanders by having a riot.”
Jinks groaned while gagged as Lance kept talking “Word got out according to the Meritanians. ‘Wisers being blabby, the High Council did the poisoning and was pointing the finger of blame at the Builders.’ 
News affiliates broadcasting that both are currently having a war with each other with you as the reason for that fight saying ‘Both the High Council and Builders are having a war with each other over Jinks Montreal.’ 
The Humans in question have appeared to taken the Builders’ side in the conflict by themselves without influence.”
Jinks continued to groan as Lance continued talking “The Shadonia heard of this conflict from Wisers blabbing it to them got involved, made it clear to the High Council and Builders ‘Just keep Horus out of the fight or we’ll get involved targeting both sides till both learn the lesson on keeping him out of their war.’ 
The Builders have taken that threat to heart along with the High Council which the Meritanians said ‘The Shadonia weren’t kidding about it.’” 
He felt his eyes forced shut woke up with a gasp sound loudly while sitting leaning back in a chair in the library room eyes on the doors. He felt pressure on his lap looked down to see Missy sitting on her haunches staring at him which he reached out a hand and got it sniffed by her nose. Jinks exhaled a breath sighing loudly as he lowered his hand putting it on the armrest as he shut his eyes and figured that he’ll sleep sensing himself passing out unconscious.    
  
Jinks came to feeling a hand shaking him on the shoulder which he jerked open his eyes to discover the hand’s owner was James. 
He stared at James who spoke “The Doctor, I talked to, recommended that you go back to bed if your too tired to do anything but sleep and just get some rest.” 
He sighed heard from Lance “Go to bed Jinks. You could use the rest.” 
He spoke as James removed his hand “Alright, I’ll go to bed and get some rest.” 
He got up feeling Missy off his lap and walked out of the room sensing the cat following him which he went to his bedroom opening and shutting the doors to the room. He sighed and eyed the bed with relief on his face as he went into his bathroom leaving the door ajar. He exchanged his clothes and shoes for pajama pants then walked out going to the bed. Jinks yanked the blankets and got on it pulling the blankets up to his chest and sighed shutting his eyes feeling himself relieved to sleep which he felt himself passing out unconscious.     

Jinks came out of unconsciousness hearing the alarm blare its noises. He discovered that he was still in bed asleep figured that he’ll keep on sleeping. Jinks rolled over away from the noise while keeping his eyes shut only to hear a loud yowl sound in an angry tone while feeling a paw patting him on the face. Jinks sighed to roll over on his other side to keep on sleeping. He jerked open his eyes as he again heard the yowling sound very loudly in his ear while feeling Missy on top of his side poking him with her claws up and down. He groaned and eyed the cat to glare at her as she gave off a meow sound sounding happy before walking off of him which he sat up to again keep his eyes on her. He watched as she went to sit on her haunches and began washing her ear with her paw. 
Jinks wound up glared at till she gave off a meow sounding annoyed and her eyes having some look in them that made him think “That look was related to my staring.”
Jinks got up from the bed and stomped into the bathroom slamming the door. 

Jinks walked out of the bathroom fresh from showering wearing clean clothes and shoes exchanged from his pajamas along with his hair brushed. He saw Missy sitting on the bed in her cat bed looking in his direction with some look in her eyes that suggested to him that she didn’t do anything to wake him up. He exhaled a breath went to the bed and picked up the cat who didn’t resisted to being picked up. He held her to himself then walked to the doors to open one with a hand and walked out to meet James looking relieved to see him. Jinks adjusted his hold on the cat feeling her purring which he walked to the dining room to sit down in a chair and released his hold on Missy settling her on his lap. He stroked her back as she arched it underneath his hand then jumped down off his lap. Jinks watched her go to her food bowl to sniff it before giving off a loud meow sound sounding angry while giving off hissing sounds. 
Jinks groaned as Emma arrived which he spoke “Do something about Missy’s food and drink. She’s having a hissy fit at the moment.”
He got a head bob from Emma who placed the tray in front of him which he watched her go to Missy’s nourishment bowls to lift them up carrying them into the kitchen. He felt himself hungry ate the food and drank the drink then got up as Emma arrived with some annoyed look on her face still carrying Missy nourishment bowls. He watched as Emma placed them in front of Missy who gave them a sniff before eating. 
He spoke “Let me guess poisoned again?”
He heard from Emma “That cat seems to have some sense alerting her of her food and drink being poisoned. She keeps giving off complaints when there’s poison in it which we find it as usual. Harrumph. This time it was the entire food bag that was poisoned. I should have checked it before giving it to her.”
He exhaled a breath spoke “At least she should be fine for now.” 
He heard a um hmm from Emma as he heard the kitchen doors bang its sound figured that she left him from sensing her gone. Jinks walked out of the dining room to the gym room figuring out that he’ll practice Karate. Once inside he sat down and began doing his stretching exercises finding himself stiff but still limber to his standards. He stretched then swung himself up then began doing a Kata in the black belt rank forcing to take his time doing it due to sensing stiffness but his movements were still there perfectly. He finished with a bow towards a wall which he eyed the doors finding them closed and heard a faint mew sound from them along with scratching noises. He eyed the doors to see that they didn’t have a cat door which he sighed and went to them yanking one open to see Missy streak into the room. Jinks watched Missy go around the room sniffing with her nose then wander towards him to rub her head on his ankle before running out of the room out of sight. He sighed and walked out of the room shutting the door behind him and thought of Ajax remembering what James and Barry said about his son. 
He thought to himself “I might as well go see Ajax and see how he’s doing.” 
He got a communication from Lance speaking “Sorry but Ajax is in no condition to receive visitors, going through a phase in withdrawal that is making him very violently angry. Even his son has been kept away from his father to keep him safe from him being violently angry enough to hurt him.” 
Jinks groaned a soft sound as he mentally spoke “How’s Ajax’s son, whatever his name is handling this?”
He heard from Lance “The kid’s name is Jixi and he recently turned three. He quite understands on what’s going on with his father but is still attached to him.”
He mentally spoke “Maybe I could meet Jixi?”
He heard “I wouldn’t recommend you meet Jixi for the kid will get attached to you enough to not have anything to do with his father. That’s something I want to avoid trying to teach Ajax a lesson on how I feel having you hurt by the High Council.” 
Jinks groaned softly sighed and walked to the library to sit in a chair feeling no book between the cushion and chair. He sat leaning back eyes on the doors thinking of things flashing in his mind. He continued to sit till James arrived opening the doors while clearing his throat.
He stared at James who spoke “It’s lunchtime, time for your required meal.” 
He didn’t protest got up and went to the dining room to find a tray holding dishware full of food and drink which he ate and drank finding himself taking his time with the nourishment. Jinks finished exhaled a breath and got up from the chair going out of the dining room to the living room which he eyed the elevator doors seeing them closed. 
He spoke loudly “James!”
Jinks waited as James arrived which he spoke “Does this building have an outdoor garden or forest someplace I could go to?”
He frowned as James appeared to have disapproval in the butler’s eyes who spoke “There’s such a place but I wouldn’t recommend you to go there. The news affiliates have spy bots floating around that could spot you and pester you with all sorts of questions enough to get you to blow your temper which they would air it.” 
He frowned feeling himself confused spoke “What are spy bots?”
He stared at James who gave up a sound of disgust and spoke “Floating recording camera machines that are linked to computers to a news affiliate’s home base office which are controlled by computer commands. The reporter can link through the computer to the bots to speak questions to their targets and record the target’s answer for broadcasting at a later date.” 
He frowned hearing James’ words who again spoke “Anything else I can do for you, Master Jinks?”
He spoke “Dismissed.” 
Jinks watched as James faded from view which he sighed and went to the TV room to sit on the couch leaning back head on it eyes staring at the ceiling. 
He mentally spoke “Don’t I have anything to do besides eating, sleeping and practicing karate including amusing a furball?”
He heard nothing from Lance sighed as he got sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who was facing the Meritanians while appearing to glare at them while hearing giggling sounds from the plants. 
Jinks frowned as he heard Lance speak sounding angry “Admit it, Ramses you and your sisters lied about Ajax being too sick to be transported by dumping him in the Builders’ hands.  Jixi was just transported to get the kid to be influenced enough to manipulate his father to stop obeying the High Council.” 
He frowned hearing Lance’s words shifted his eyes towards the Meritanians who kept giving off giggling sounds while appearing to have mirth on their faces. 
He again heard Lance speaking “I can’t believe you managed to pull that trick on the High Council who from sources are aware it’s a joke from having someone named Nameless say that you’re balking to transport Ajax.
He saying ‘Sickness was a lie.’ 
The High Council has been busy ordering you to transport Ajax back but you have been balking the order by keep giving up the excuse of being sick with a medical ailment.
Nameless has said “Its a lie.’” 
Jinks formed a frown on his lips as he stared at the Meritanians that were still giggling as Lance continued talking “I wouldn’t be surprised if the High Council put the reason for this joke on my son holding him responsible for it instead of thinking it was by your own choice.” 
He felt annoyance hit him sensed it was from Lance who stopped talking which he eyed the Meritanians to see Ramses bow his head before speaking “Sorry, Horus had nothing to do with this joke we’re playing. Oh Ajax is in no condition to be transported at the moment. He’s sensed to be going through a phase in his drug withdrawal that has him violently angry enough to lash out hurting people. I doubt that you have the resources to handle him like that. Even his son Jixi has been kept away from Ajax but the kid seems to get it what’s going on with his father.” 
He frowned hearing Ramses’ words that paused from talking to raise his head giving off a disgusted expression on his face. He heard nothing from Lance but sensed his father was annoyed by the annoyance feeling felt within him as he felt his eyes forced shut. 

“Zerra get to the point of that joke your babbling about!” written by Brandis.
“Zerra in response is snickering of laughter instead of telling me that joke. Ugh damn Zerra. I swear she made me seem like I’m a clone of someone but I’m not entirely sure of why’s she’s insisting on this name of Jinks Montreal. This is annoying. Anyway I’ve reached the end of this notebook and must start a new one once I find one among the junk cluttering this cave.”

Brandis writes “I found a new notebook among this mess as guided by a compulsion to go to this notebook. Zerra is compelling me to write something by my fingers of my left hand making a writing gesture despite no pen in it. I might as well see what she wants.”

Jinks at a college soccer game witnesses Victoria playing is the memory of what I see via my mind. Jinks sat in the limo eyes out the window through his glasses seeing the familiar scenery of a college campus which he recognized as University of Connecticut. He frowned eyeing it recalling himself going to college there in his original body. Jinks got a degree and eyed the sky seeing the sun was high signaling a good weather day despite the cold. He felt his clothes wear business like consisted entirely in the color black. He felt the limo stop near an area where he recognized was where the college soccer game was being played.
Jinks heard “I ordered you out.” by his Highlander driver “I need to go park the car.” 
He felt his pocket in his long sleeve shirt underneath his long coat was a device that would at a press of a button signal to his driver to his location and pick him up so he wouldn’t have to look around the parking lot for him. Jinks placed on the black hat covering the top of his head and got out of the limo shutting the door behind him. He had no difficulty maneuvering around crowds of people chattering among each other standing in the area. Jinks noticed some appeared to stare at him with range of emotions on their faces but no recognition seen. He frowned as he went to the bleachers to find a spot to sit. Jinks found near the top part of it and sat watching the soccer players doing their warm ups. He eyed the UCONN team wearing dark navy blue and the opposing team wearing white which he heard were actually undefeated and current defending national champions. He recalled to himself that UCONN women’s soccer team placed in the top three rankings a historic record for the college since records were kept after the transfer to Shadan since Victoria joined the team. 
He recalled to himself “Victoria at age eighteen, joined the college as a walk on student, after finishing high school. She just to be near her best friend Mavis Petersen who got a basketball scholarship to the college, being near Marina who joined the college as an acrobatic athlete also as a walk on student.” 
He watched the UCONN players for Victoria to see her in the goaltender area practicing blocking balls and catching them by players kicking them to her one at a time. He sighed seeing she looked fine and appeared fine. Jinks continued to watch Victoria play recalling her making a historic State High School record in soccer as the only goaltender to be undefeated in penalty kicks played against her in games the whole time she attended High School. 
He exhaled a breath as he recalled being told by a Highlander servant “Victoria’s high school coach had to do a lot of convincing to the college coach to accept her onto the team as goaltender using her record as a point into accepting her.” 
Jinks continued to recall being told “The college coach relented and allowed Victoria onto the team in goaltender position. She has proved to keep up being undefeated in penalty kicks, in college soccer games breaking college records in the process, related to goaltender position her two year soccer seasons’ she completed while playing for the college.” 
He frowned as a horn blew sounding loudly and watched as the soccer players ran off the field to benches besides them and gathered around their coaches talking about something he figured was a pep talk. 
He continued to watch as he heard the announcer via speakers “We’re announcing the start of the game!” and watched as the players got into position with Victoria in goaltender position. 
Jinks sighed and watched the entire game seeing it end into a scoreless tie with Victoria keeping the opposing team from scoring goals by keeping the ball from going into the goal. 
He again heard the horn signaling the end of the game and heard the announcer speak “Congrats to UCONN’S goalkeeper Victoria Montreal for breaking a historic record of blocking and catching balls while in the goalkeeper position!”
He clapped as the audience clapped then continued to hear the announcer speak “Since the game ended in scoreless tie the game will be determined by penalty kicks so good luck UCONN!”
He sighed as players got onto the field in a line with an UCONN player first in line and watched as Victoria stood nearby next to the referee eyes on the opposing team’s goaltender. He watched as the referee signaled with a come gesture by her hand and watched as UCONN scored a goal by penalty kick which the crowd cheered. He grimaced hearing the crowd stomp their feet on the metal bleachers making banging noises. Jinks continued to watch as Victoria got into the goaltender position in the goal with some nasty look in her face which he sighed recognizing her having that expression during the game whenever the ball went near her. Jinks watched as she blocked the penalty kicker’s ball by hand whacking it away from the goal box. He heard the crowd cheer in response then watched as a second UCONN player scored a goal and heard the same enthusiastic response from them. He smiled a smirk as Victoria again blocked another penalty kicker’s ball and watched as a third UCONN player scored a goal. 
He heard the announcer speak “If this ball gets blocked then UCONN will have won the game so good luck to them!”
He watched Victoria block a third penalty kicker’s ball and heard the crowd erupt in cheering along banging of stomping on the metal bleachers. He sighed as he stood finding his view blocked and watched as UCONN soccer players threw themselves on top of Victoria before freeing her. They wound up walking her to the bench where their coach was that patted her on the back and threw a fist in the air.  
Jinks heard the announcer speak “What a game for UCONN!”
He sighed as he followed the crowd getting off the bleachers heading towards the fence that surrounded the entire soccer field and watched the people shaking hands with the UCONN players while flashing lights at them from devices in their hands. Jinks sighed as he reached the fence and stood watching Victoria shaking hands with people who congratulated her for her playing. He frowned as he saw one grab Victoria on the face and kissed her on the lips. She broke it off appearing to laugh which he recognized the kisser as Mavis looking happy to see her with blonde haired female next to him that reminded him of Natasha Novgorod which he figured was Marina. He continued to eye Victoria chat with both Mavis and Marina till the coach stopped by and gestured his daughter to come with him.
Jinks lip read the coach talking “Some newspaper reporter wanting to interview you which would be good publicity for the college.” 
He watched Victoria leave by Mavis’s gesturing her to go by his hand signal which he sighed. Jinks walked away through the crowd walking pass Mavis and Marina standing together backs to him both not paying attentions to him. He sighed and went to the parking lot and pressed the button on his device in his pocket. Jinks waited on the curb as his limo arrived while sensing himself filmed ignored the sensation got into the car. 
Jinks spoke “I ordered for home.” 
Jinks felt the vehicle drive off away from the campus. Jinks sighed and leaned back in the seat taking off his hat and removing his glasses from his face dangling them by chains attached around his neck. He rubbed a hand on his forehead and sighed feeling himself proud of Victoria’s game playing and that she made him happy to have her as his daughter. He sighed again and leaned back shutting his eyes to dream of Lance who held up a hand in a gesture as usual and gestured to it with his head. Jinks groaned softly and held up his hand in identical position as Lance’s hand before folding his arms. He learned long ago not to protest to Lance checking his eyes sight. Jinks recalled an incident of gagging one of the Meritanians by mental power by mistakenly thinking that plant was his father who he thought threw into the water during a fight with him. 
Jinks spoke “Well?”
He stared at Lance who spoke “Ah I hate to tell you this but Victoria was aware of you watching her playing this game of Soccer anyway.”
He frowned hearing Lance’s words as his father continued “Victoria has some kind of sense intoned to you. She managed to ignore it to play her level of soccer. Oh someone filmed you that your car is a limo considered a millionaire’s car in hopes of identifying you later once they get the chance.” 
Jinks groaned hearing that as Lance continued talking “Word will get out on your identity, means you’ll have to resort to viewing the games on TV from now on. People would try to target you to hurt Victoria in an attempt to wreck her when she plays soccer.”
He groaned hearing that as Lance kept talking “Ah I confess I didn’t like you viewing that game in person but relented the Meritanians’ talk saying ‘Something about having a father watch a daughter play the daughter wishing for that.’ 
I think that speak for Victoria wanted you to view her playing a game but I don’t know anyway the plants won’t say anything about that.” 
He frowned hearing Lance’s words felt his eyes forced shut to come to hearing horns sounding loudly. Jinks jerked open his eyes seeing his eyes sight blurry and the same as ever despite getting to that blurriness point. He put on his glasses and spied out the window with clear eyes sight was the city of New York City with traffic bad as usual. Jinks wound up hearing the horns sounding quite loudly despite the closed windows of the limo. Jinks groaned rubbing a hand on his forehead and stared out the window while putting the hand down on his lap. He felt sleepiness shut his eyes and stiffened as arms wrapped around him in the middle while feeling he held up as he went unconscious. 

Jinks came to feeling himself naked floating in water surrounded by inky black darkness with nothing to be seen despite having night vision that weren’t appearing to be working at the moment with his eyes open. 
He heard a female voice sounding oddly familiar speaking “Free yourself of your burdens on your heart and put faith in a higher power greater and stronger than you by answering to the All Seeing One who you have forgotten. Remember him and keep his memory alive in your heart. He’ll be the one who you must believe in fully to help you and your life.”

“All Seeing One?! What talk is that Zerra?!” writes Brandis. 
“Zerra is still snickering of laughter like she’s telling a ridiculous joke again. Ugh, which reminds me that talk of floating in a tube seems familiar to me like I was in one. I’m trying to remember if I was in a tube or not but Zerra’s laughter is in my mind keeping me from focusing. Also my left hand is still writing down her words as indicated by its writing gesture despite writing this down with my right hand. Ugh drat Zerra.”

He heard nothing more continued to float frowning for the voice sounded familiar to him but couldn’t remember who she was. Jinks wound with a memory of he using his earthquake power flashed in his mind with the Master fully in control felt a compulsion to do it. 
He willed the Master through and moved his hands into position spoke “I mentally ordered for my earthquake power to be active.” 
Jinks wound up hearing sounds that reminded him of glass shattering along with sounds of liquid splashing to him. Jinks felt the scene change sensing nothingness then he came to blinking his eyes finding himself lying on a metal floor naked while feeling his form covered in some sticky substance. He felt gloved hands gripping his hands which he looked to see belonged to a High Council member his senses blared telling him it was Ajax. Jinks stared at Ajax with a frown that freed one of his hands and placed a hand on his forehead. Jinks felt the compulsion to will the Master away along with sleep obeyed shutting his eyes only to come to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder which he jerked open his eyes. 
He saw Annukai gathered around the bed he was lying naked on feeling the substance gone from his body as one of them spoke in Basic in a feminine voice tone “This is our nesting room and not your room to sleep so get out. Whatever door that opens for you in the hallway is your room to stay in and use for personal use.” 
Jinks obeyed getting up and were thrust clothes and shoes from the Annukai which he put on covering his nakedness and left the room going to the bar room.
Inside he sat at a stool and was handed a cup by the bartender who spoke “It’s not alcoholic, as you ordered.” 
He gulped down the drink sensing it was milk and found himself thirsty enough to gulp it fast. Jinks once done put the cup down on the counter only to keep a hand hold on it as he stared at it with shock sensing his eyes could see the designs on it clearly without the bad blurriness hitting his eyesight. He raised the cup eye level and stared at it arm’s length away followed by bringing it close to his eyes an inch from his nose and frowned seeing he could see clearly without any blurriness. He lowered the cup onto the counter and brought his right hand towards his face only to feel his wrist grabbed by a hand. 
Jinks looked off his right to see the hand holder was one of the Highlander pair a male who spoke in Basic “Two options regarding your eyesight is something called contact lenses some invention by the First Ones or some medical procedure called surgery to fix them back to normal. You’ll be told which one is which at the proper time, just don’t touch the eyes unless the person referred as doctor says you can.” 
He felt his wrist freed and lowered his hand eyeing the Highlander that went to his female companion and sat and began drinking from a cup on the counter. Jinks sighed and released his hold on the cup and got up from the stool walking towards Nameless standing in his familiar spot drinking from a cup. Jinks eyed the monitor screens seeing various scenes of space that didn’t look familiar. 
He heard from Nameless “The three heads will come for you.” 
Jinks looked at Nameless and spoke “Then why doesn’t the High Council order the Meritanians to transport me to them?”
He stared at Nameless who spoke “Too busy monitoring for news of the deaths of certain people, some explosion involving something called a car whatever it is.” 
He stiffened hearing Nameless’ words to figure out “I was transported out of my limo before it exploded. The Meritanians were monitoring broadcasts of people claiming me dead to gauge their reactions to that news.” 
He heard nothing from Lance in response only heard the familiar whining squeal sounds behind him followed by familiar hands grabbing his arms in tight ironclad grips which he figured belonged to the Falcons. Jinks didn’t protest as he was roughly hauled out of the room following Anubis taking a familiar route to the High Council’s throne room. He glared at the High Council with disgust running through him to notice Barry in the room with a glare on his face and flaring golden eyes which appearing to stare at him. 
Jinks heard Shad speak “Produce Lance Richard now. We want to talk to him about something important.” 
He mentally tried to keep the Master away only to hear from Lance “Jinks, let me through.” 
He mentally put the Master in control and spoke mentally “Someone better explain to me what happened period once it’s possible.” 
He heard nothing from Lance only to feel himself floating above his body to see it change into his father who took off the crown and tossed it in front of him sensing he was tossing it to Barry to catch and hold. Jinks saw the scene went black only to come to finding himself on a beach facing the Meritanians who had heads bowed while they stood in the water. He kneeled and shut his eyes to see a clear eyes sight view of the High Council’s throne room to gauge from the view that Lance was facing Barry near him and sensed annoyance hitting. 
He frowned as he heard Lance’s voice sounding in his mind sounding annoyed “Drat the High Council for doing that to me. 
They appear to have ordered Barry to flaunt his parental authority over offspring who use some begging tone and the word ‘Father’ to him. 
He won’t give me back my crown despite me asking him with that tone and word.” 
He felt a choking sensation jerked open his eyes standing up in a fast move while looking off his right to see Ajax having the Master in control that lowered his hand and felt the sensation stop. 
He glared at Ajax who spoke “Just trying to get your attention.” 
Jinks’ senses blared telling him Ajax lied reached out a hand and gagged his son on the throat while speaking “Your just here to distract me from helping my father.” 
He saw Ajax’s eyes widen as he felt a headache hitting him as the memory of him floating in darkness surrounded by water and some feminine familiar voice speaking to him about some All Seeing One flashed in his mind. Jinks figured that Ajax was scanning him by the hand touching his neck. He gave up a growl and forced Ajax’s eyes shut seeing his son disappear in a flash of light which he felt the headache stop and resumed his kneeling position with eyes shut. 
He heard from Lance “Argh what the depths does Barry want from me to refuse giving up my crown and not saying it in my face?”
He mentally spoke “I thought Barry was your father. Why are you calling him Barry when he should be referred by a parental name of father instead?”  
He heard from Lance “Jinks, I’m being scanned mentally so don’t talk to me.”  
He stiffened and jerked open his eyes bringing up his right hand snagging a wrist covered with cloth and looked off his right to glare at Ajax leaning bent towards him. Ajax was seen had the Master in control which he thrust away his son’s wrist and got up as his son straightened up his form. 
Jinks glared at Ajax and spoke “This better be good, you distracting me from seeing what’s going on with my father. I see is being played by the High Council playing some keep the crown away from him joke by having Barry refused to give it to him on their orders unless they say so.” 
He folded his arms and glared at Ajax who appeared to gulp before his son spoke “The High Council is just checking something out regarding Predecessor and Barry’s relationship.”
His senses blared telling him it was a lie waved paralysis to hit Ajax who hit the ground on his back which he put a foot on his son’s chest and bent down speaking “You forget I can detect lies and what you told me was a lie so speak the truth or else now.”
He waved a hand mentally ordering paralysis to stop hitting Ajax from the neck up only to get from his son a scream of terror along with “Get me out of here now!”
Jinks frowned as his son repeated his words over and over reached down throwing a fist into Ajax’s forehead making sure his hand was covered by the sleeve and felt the fist hit home which quiet Ajax up. 
He glared at Ajax while adjusting his sleeve and resumed folding his arms to see his son appear to gulp before speaking “Father please get me out of here.” 
He spoke “Why? What joke is the High Council playing on the both of us and speak it now.” 
He glared at Ajax who whined out “Father please give me mercy and get me out of here.” 
Jinks felt a hand grab his shoulder forcing him to stand straighter and looked to see Lance with an all black eyed glare while wearing his crown that spoke “Do what your son says now or else Jinks.” 
He obeyed willing away the paralysis to see Ajax scramble up awkwardly to a standing position looking nervous and forced his son’s eyes shut. 
He turned around to face Lance and spoke “Spill it what joke did the High Council play on the both of us this time?”
He grabbed Lance’s wrist as his father attempted to force his eyes shut in a tight hold and did the same with the Lance’s other wrist. He glared at his father only to feel a foot hitting him on the chest pushing him backwards releasing his holds on Lance’s wrists. Jinks hit the ground and felt his eyes forced shut to come to hearing a ringing sound very loudly which he jerked open his eyes. He found himself in the High Council’s throne room restrained by the Falcons with Anubis and Barry standing nearby. He formed a glare on his face aimed at the High Council to see the speakers had their heads bowed. Jinks felt a headache of his mind scanned mentally spoke various vulgar language words repeatedly over and over till the headache stopped. 
He heard from Shad as the speakers raised their heads “Nice try with the inappropriate language Horus but we have achieved what we want. Anybus take this assassin to the army barracks on Sydney Island right away. Just tell the General no special treatment for him as a ranking officer but make sure he’s assigned to training recruits combative art. He’s does the job perfectly period.” 
Jinks opened his mouth and blinked his eyes finding himself standing in the couch room with feet dangling while held up by the Falcons and felt annoyance take hold. 
Jinks figured “The Falcons lifted me up and hauled me out of the room using some fast speed before I could talk.” 
 He shut his mouth and felt annoyance take hold as Anubis put the blindfold over his eyes. Once again he felt the roller coaster’s movements followed by an elevator like movement then a jerking stop. The blindfold was yanked off his face and he was hauled out into the sunshine with eyes blinking from it. He looked around seeing familiar buildings from his memory dream and grimaced hearing Anubis gave off a loud bellowing howl sound. Jinks glared at the buildings to see a figure come out of one of them run jogging towards him and group. He frowned seeing that the figure was young male human wearing blue clothing that reminded him of army wear combative clothes of water appearing to be a teenager looking familiar. The figure halted a meter away doing a double take look with recognition in the male’s eyes. 
He frowned as Anubis spoke whispering loudly “Orders from the High Council is no special treatment is to be done towards this assassin as a ranking officer by the General. He’s to train recruits combative art and do the training perfectly period so he’s all yours.” 
Jinks felt himself freed landed on the ground on his feet and heard a clang noise behind him. Jinks eyed the Human male who continued to stare at him with that familiar look in his eyes. 
He spoke sounding annoyed “Can’t people around here explain anything to me such as the High Council using me as some assassin?”
He formed a glare on his face as the Human spoke sounding familiar “I tried to get an explanation for the High Council’s interests in doing the same to me but I still haven’t yet gotten the reason.”
Jinks frowned and spoke “You got a name since I’m known around here as-“
He was interrupted by the teenager speaking “The General will decide on what call name to call you. You’ll be referred here along with another name to be referred to among the First Ones on their land. I’m called Youngling that I was a youngling when I arrived here.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that wondering why the male was familiar heard from Lance sounding in his mind “Don’t you remember a Human male child named Sasha aka Anatoly Ianov who the High Council first dumped onto you then took away to train him as an assassin?”
He stiffened hearing his father’s words recalling that fully in his mind as Youngling he assumed he’ll call him spoke “Come along while I give you a tour of the place along with getting you suited up to meet the General.”
He followed Youngling without a word that showed him the sleeping barracks first sensing he filmed to see various Humans and hybrid Highlander Human males in there.
Jinks told where to attend body needs and given a bunk underneath a hybrid sitting on the top bunk that stared at him. Jinks found clothes on the bunk along with shoes and blankets and a pillow. 
He frowned as Youngling spoke “I ordered him to shower and attend to his body needs. The General was strict on that. I’ll continue the tour once done.” 
He obeyed to shower still feeling the filming sensation continue while noticing that the shower room was open to the bunk room by a doorway and noticed others staring at him with scrutiny looks as he showered. He ignored them and then once done put on the clothes he found were military styled in the color of blue along with black combat boots and grey socks. 
He ignored his hair and told “Your to bring your former clothing and shoes with you.” by Youngling who added “I insisted on you to do it for deposing them.” 
Jinks obeyed and followed Youngling to the garbage bin sitting outside the barrack. Jinks dumped the clothes and shoes inside then given a tour of the place finding it was identical to his memory along with sensing recorders filming the area nearly everywhere. He was brought to the cafeteria last. Jinks found a Highlander male with long black hair wearing identical clothing as he but had some cap on his head while seated at a table with hands clasps in front that gave him a narrowed eyed look. 
Jinks frowned as the Highlander spoke “Thank you that’s all Youngling. You can return to the barrack now.”      
He eyed the Highlander he figured was the General who continued to stare at him with a scrutiny look. 
Jinks frowned as the General spoke “My call name is General Fatherland. You’ll refer me by my title rank of General when addressing me and no other name period. I give you the call name of Jihad which is what you’ll be referred from now on. It’s your duty to inform the others of your call name period.” 
He didn’t comment as the General paused to give him a glare which he spoke “Yes General.” 
He got from the General “I’m ordered to have you train the recruits’ combative art. You to make sure you do a good job of doing it period. It is what I expect you to do if you want things to better your life around here. Just a word of a warning is the better you behave and follow orders the better off your life here is. If not then find yourself sleeping in the forest bothered by curious gonoids that’ll poke you awake as an example of not doing what you’re ordered around here, get it?”
He spoke “Yes, I get it, General.” 
Jinks clamped his mouth shut as the General added “Well go to the sleeping barracks and introduce yourself to the others, dismissed.” 
He spoke his familiar two words then walked out of the cafeteria building going to the barrack to go inside which Youngling stood with arms folded a glare on the male’s face. 
Jinks frowned as Youngling spoke loudly “You’re the one who the High Council referred as Horus.”
He exhaled a breath through his mouth and inhaled to speak “My call name is Jihad as said by the General who ordered that.” 
He got from Youngling “Yeah it figures that the General wouldn’t use the names of Father One like he uses when referring to Horus around here to call you that.”
Jinks frowned hearing that as Youngling added “So explain what purpose is you here for, Jihad besides having the power abilities referred as Source around here judging by your eyes and voice tone?”
He heard the sarcasm in Youngling’s voice tone sighed softly and willed the Master away from him to speak using his own voice “I’m ordered to teach you combative art and do a good job of doing it just to better my life here or sleep in the forest poked awake by curious gonoids. The General said that gonoid bit as an example so excuse me what purpose are you all doing here besides my arrival?”
He stared at Youngling who spoke “That purpose bit is always done for new recruits showing up to meet Fatherland like we refer the General but not in his presence to get a new name and meet the others as well.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as he went to his bed followed by Youngling and sat down as the teenager stood and proceeded to give him instructions of life living here finding himself familiar with that from his military training among the Amula he recalled in his mind. He frowned further hearing that the recruits so far have been trained in various combative art forms using own body to defend themselves in fights along with using the power abilities to knock a person down but that was it. 
Jinks continued to frown inwardly as Youngling spoke “I suspect that the combative art training you’ll be teaching would involve assassinating a person anyway judging by the expression on Fatherland’s face when he saw you. I’ve been living here long enough to know that Fatherland has been after people fluent in combative art to train us people to do assassinations. He always display that familiar hopeful expression on his face whenever a new recruit comes in. I’m pretty sure he’s thinking as always that he’s got a teacher to teach assassinations to us.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Youngling continued talking “Sometimes a new recruit turns out to be a joke only teaching us ridiculous moves that have nothing to do with combative art. As a result the idiot is fed to the water suckers before thrown to do some physical labor job sometimes around here like one guy wound up with the job of cleaning the food court of messes we make on Fatherland’s orders.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth and clamped his mouth shut as Youngling looked at him with a frown before the teenager spoke “You’ll teach us what we want to know won’t you, Jihad? Don’t want to have the High Council’s furious hand onto you if you don’t teach us what we want to know.  Believe me the High Council is pretty harsh when it comes to giving out punishments to people interfering with their plans.”
He folded his arms in response and heard from Lance sounding in his mind “Sounds to me is either the kid’s mind was wiped or he’s been brainwashed into supporting the High Council. It’s either those two options regarding the recruits in this army your to teach combative art to.”
Jinks frowned to stare at the floor sensing Youngling staring at him waiting for him to respond to his question which he again heard from Lance “While your teaching them all your knowledge of the combative art moves, try to use that as payment for finding out their knowledge of the Source abilities. You won’t have to flaunt some abilities to them for them to use if they don’t know of it.”
Jinks spoke out loud as Lance became silent “Oh alright I’ll teach you what you want to know in combative art.” 
He shrugged and looked up to stare at Youngling who’s eyes became narrowed followed by the teenager speaking “Also your knowledge of the power abilities as well. Don’t you dare hold yourself back on sharing that either. The High Council will know of the hold back and make you regret it period.” 
Jinks heard from Lance “Drat didn’t account for Youngling to say that. Just share what you know of the Source one at a time and not all at once and be firm on that. I’ll find out what the High Council knows of the Source if I have to interrogate Ajax using you to torture him Humph.
He spoke out loud as Lance became silent again “Fine I’ll teach you what you want to know about the power abilities but I’ll only teach only one power ability at a time each day period and not all at once. I did that to my own offspring when raising them over the years they grew up. They learned pretty well how to handle the power abilities and its pressures on using it in their life as well.”
Jinks got from Youngling was an all black eyed glare followed by the teenager holding up a hand and he felt a choking sensation in his throat gagged out “Excuse me but having the power abilities taught all at once wasn’t how I learned how to use them myself when I was growing up from offspring to parent. I had to learn them one at a time so I’m just using what I learned to teach you.” 
He felt the choking sensation become more dominant willed the Master through and held up a hand mentally speaking “I’m forming a shield around me.” to feel the feeling stop and breathe air deeply.
Jinks saw Youngling fold his arms which he did the same. 
Jinks heard from Youngling “You better teach us how you stopped me choking you. We hearing the noises you made cut off. You were appearing to breathe fine judging by the looks of your expression on your face when you stopped gagging.” 
He heard from Lance sounding in his mind “Seems to me that the High Council wants confirmation on what they learned about the Source through records of it hence Youngling’s attitude. Just choke him in response and see if how he’ll react from that.” 
Jinks obeyed to hold up a hand and mentally ordered a glaring Youngling to choke seeing his order obeyed followed by sensing a choking sensation in his throat. Jinks willed the gagging away from the teenager and formed a shield up while looking off his right to see a hybrid having all black eyes and hand up facing his direction. Jinks eyed the hybrid that lowered his hand which he willed the shield away and looked at Youngling rubbing his throat with a glare on his face. 
He spoke “Your terrible stopping me from choking you Youngling. Think of what will stop the choking and mentally does it so excuse me while I choke you again.” 
He held up a hand and mentally ordered Youngling to choke who gagged out “I don’t know how to stop the choking from happening.” 
Jinks sensed it was the truth willed the choking away from Youngling to speak recalling he teaching the shield ability to Robert and Victoria figured he’ll do the same to Youngling. 
He spoke “What’s protecting us from the weather elements all around us as we sleep? What do you think it’s called actually besides the names of barrack and building? Think Youngling and do it.” 
He narrowed his eyes aimed at Youngling who frowned and continued to rub his throat while looking around the room including the ceiling followed by a glare forming on the teenager’s face that held up a hand. 
Jinks mentally spoke “I ordered Youngling to choke.” 
He saw Youngling’s expression remained the same along with sensing that Youngling wasn’t choking lowered his hand to his thigh as the teenager did the same with his hand by folding his arms. 
Jinks frowned as Youngling waved a hand and he felt paralysis hitting his legs from the knees down followed by the teenager speaking “Get up and walk around. Sitting isn’t good for you anyway.” 
He heard from Lance “Jinks, just wave a hand and mentally order the deadness away. I figured that out from memory of someone trying that stunt onto me.” 
He obeyed to wave a hand in a careless gesture while shrugging and got up walking up to Youngling whose eyes remained narrowed.
Jinks stood a head taller than the teenager while speaking “Anything else you want me to teach you judging by your attitude?”
He got in response was a loud growling sound from Youngling who spun in some spinning leg kick move aimed at his head while jumping up. Jinks ducked and found he blocking the teenager’s attempts to kick him in the head by various leg kicking with blocking fisting aimed at his stomach. He found the combative art Youngling fought him in involved acrobatic like moves for jumping into leg kicks along with standing still for punching. Jinks easily blocked recalling his karate and counterattacked the male’s fight by getting him onto the floor on his back followed by putting a foot on the man’s chest holding him in place. He stared at Youngling who struggled with grabbing his ankle to remove his foot off his chest sensing that the teenager was giving all he got to remove him but meeting failure with his efforts. Jinks heard a loud clapping sound of a single person applause sensed Youngling stopped struggling to hold his hands up in some surrender gesture. Jinks looked to find the source of the sound was the General standing nearby in position to appear that he snuck up behind to witness the fight while surrounded in a circle by Humans and hybrids. Jinks removed his foot and bent down grabbing Youngling by the throat and with great strength lifted the male up from the floor to dangle his feet while hearing gasps sounds from the males all around him. He eyed the General who appeared to look bewildered before forming a glare on his face as he gently released Youngling while staring at the Highlander. Jinks turned towards the General while folding his arms hearing a loud coughing sound off his left ignored it figuring out it was Youngling making it. 
He narrowed his eyes while staring at the General who spoke in a loud voice tone “Free time is over go hit the Food Court and eat. Jihad, stay for I want to talk to you privately. Others dismissed now.” 
He stood with arms folded watching as the males Humans and hybrids left the barrack the last one sliding shut the door with a bang sound. 
He shifted to stare at the General who folded an arm and pointed a finger at him and spoke “Don’t expect special treatment from me because you’re Horus, you the source of all of the recruits here who’s descendant from you through various people. That’s judging by tests done on each recruit and yourself as well that proves you originated them along with their power abilities as well.”
He stiffened hearing the General’s admission of words that paused to jab the finger at him in his direction then folded the pointer finger arm and added “I expect you to cooperate on teaching the recruits combative art. You don’t try to hide that you don’t have knowledge of it. You proved that by easily defeating Youngling who happens to be the best fighter of all the recruits who has easily defeated the others in combative art fights whether their ordered or not so don’t bother hiding that ability from me.”
Jinks heard from Lance as the General paused from talking “Humph! Sounds to me, the High Council is trying to create an army of assassins to fight their battles for them, with doing assassinations as well.”
He eyed the General as Lance became silent which the Highlander spoke “Don’t forget it, Jihad, what I said to you. You’re expected by the High Council to teach everything you know involving combative art and the power abilities. Don’t even think of holding yourself back involving the power abilities. Believe me the High Council has everything involving that very well documented in their records which they want proof of it by people actually doing it.”
He kept his mouth shut as the General paused followed by continuing talking “I know from scans of Youngling’s mind that he used the deadness power onto your legs. You managed to remove by that hand gesture I saw and getting up to walk towards that recruit. Don’t even think of denying that from me or denying any power abilities tricks done on you in front of me or the recruits when confronted on that. I expect you once you have your meal to teach the recruits how you did that removal trick and I will make sure it happens period.” 
Jinks heard from Lance as the General stopped talking “Say yes General like you’re supposed to say whenever he pauses. I think it’ll throw him off that he doesn’t expect you to say the words when he stops talking.” 
He spoke out loud as Lance became silent “Yes General.” 
He saw the General expression become a big frown before the Highlander spoke “Argh hit the Food Court and get something to eat before I order you to do some exercise moves so dismissed.”
He didn’t say a word walked out of the barrack manipulating the door and went into the mess hall he figured he’ll call it food court to find the males in there scattered around at tables eating separately from trays holding dishware of food. Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth went to where there were machines said by Youngling to depose food. Jinks grabbed a tray and loaded up dishware and silverware and with careful examination of each machine figured out how to get nourishment from them. He once done turned around and looked around the room finding the General entering the room to see recruits pause from eating to stand up giving a hand salute of fist over their chest right over the heart area on the left side then sitting down to eat. Jinks wandered around the room and found Youngling seated alone like the other recruits were. Jinks went to sit down next to him who stared at him with an all black eyed glare while eating. Jinks felt himself hungry ate the food sensing it was a mixed up combination of foods with the same with the drink nourishment ate and drank fast. Jinks finished with his nourishment spoke, while staring at Youngling as he continued to glare, instructions of using combative art to remove a foot sitting on his chest. Jinks noticed that the teenager was very attentive to his talk by the glare going away with head bobbing in some Human styled yes gesture. He continued his instructions to notice that the other recruits were appearing to be eavesdropping on the talk by the quietness of the room. Jinks saw males staring in his direction with looks of concentration on their faces as he looked while giving out verbal instructions to Youngling. 
He once done with the instructions spoke “That’s about it.” 
He got from Youngling “Interesting.”
Jinks spoke “You want to tell me who was the one here that taught you fight combative art like that?”
He heard a throat clearing noise off his left as he stared at Youngling to notice the teenager look away. Jinks looked away in the same direction and spotted the General seated at a nearby table facing his direction. 
Jinks frowned as the General spoke “In answer to your question Jihad, it was I who taught the recruits that combative art style which is not easily obtained due to how complicated the movements. Only Youngling seems to have the ability to easily get it the movements. I suspect it’s related to his young age and that he’s the youngest of all of the recruits here.” 
Jinks spoke in response recalling a memory of one of his offspring named Michael a hybrid of Human and Highlander in his mind “I thought the High Council roped someone trained in combative art to teach their army cycles ago which the movements should be similar to the style I used.”
He frowned as the General spoke “You thought wrong on the combative art style. Its true that the High Council got someone to train their army but that backfired on them that this teacher wasn’t easily persuaded enough to share everything. This person only taught the combative art I taught to the recruits enough for defending in combat. The Meritanians namely Ramses managed against High Council orders to transport this teacher off Shadan. Ramses has refused despite ordered or threatened to explain why he did the transporting. 
The only reason why we could get from Ramses to explain his actions is he said ‘First Ones should be doing the job not Highlanders or hybrids.’ 
Ramses has repeatedly blocked the High Council’s attempts for various cycles to get Highlanders or hybrids to teach their army combative art by repeatedly transporting the person elsewhere which it doesn’t matter if its off Shadan or not.” 
Jinks frowned inwardly thinking to himself as the General paused from talking to eat his food and drink his drink “It figures on what really happened to Michael one of my offspring with a Highlander female who mysteriously disappeared after meeting him.”
He looked away to stare at the table and heard from Lance “Actually Michael was transported to the High Council and ordered to go through some travel backwards in time gate. He went through, the Meritanians convincing him to do it. 
I later found out from fighting a Highlander in some battle that the Meritanians’ were overheard convincing ‘We insists on you to hold back on some movements and only teach complicated movements.’ 
I figured was them talking to Michael. 
By the way I got into another fight with a Highlander who ranted ‘The Meritanians transported Michael off planet, his planetary signal not detected.’ 
The General said to you regarding the High Council’s attempts to get combative art training to their army.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as Lance continued talking “I get the feeling from the Meritanians’ attitude towards that situation is ‘They think the High Council should accept First Ones to teach their people various things such as combative art as one of them.’ 
I’m afraid you’ll have to teach wholehearted to them whether you like it or not. That’s that the Meritanians have indicated from eavesdropping on their talk.
I figuring out what they were trying to say by hint ‘First Ones should be teaching the High Council various things.’ 
This would help clean up the group’s behavior and attitudes towards other species and their own species the Highlanders as well.” 
Jinks continued to stare at the table hearing nothing more from Lance heard a throat clearing noise off his right looked to stare at Youngling who spoke “You seemed to be thinking about something judging by the expression on your face so spill it. I know by your expression that you figured something out and should talk on what it is.” 
Jinks spoke “Actually just thinking about the Meritanians’ attitudes of only having a First One teach the High Council and their servants’ combative art. I wonder if the Meritanians are indicating about some problem related to the High Council and their servants that they think only First Ones can fix. I’m not sure if the High Council is actually aware of this or actually in denial about it. I knowing how they feel towards First Ones from my experience with them over the cycles I’ve lived.”  
He frowned hearing a loud sputtering cough sound looked off his left to see the general coughing loudly while looking like he was choking. Jinks eyed the General who appeared to gasp for air loudly before resuming eating his food and drinking his drink. 
He heard from Youngling “Interesting thinking thoughts Jihad.” 
He shrugged in response to eye Youngling who stared at him back indicating that he had finished taking in his nourishment. Jinks wound up looking away to stare at the General who paused from eating to form a big frown on his face followed by some angry look. Jinks felt he falling backwards hitting a metal floor and felt his arms grabbed by familiar hands and found himself in the High Council’s throne room. Jinks formed a glare on his face eyes on the High Council as he was forced into a standing position to notice that the speakers had heads bowed and felt his mind scanned by headache felt. He mentally spoke various vulgar language words and felt the headache stop followed by the speakers raising their heads. 
He eyed Shad who spoke “Interesting thoughts you’ve been having about us.”
He narrowed his eyes as Onya spoke “Well to answer your question on some things, it was surgery done on your eyes that fixed your eyesight. It was some kind of recent medical procedure invented by a First One that has a good success rate of restoring people’s eyesight regardless of the species, how well medical cases turned out.”
He kept his mouth shut in response as Onya kept talking “Oh our interests in having Lance Richard’s presence was to scan his mind, not done that before and see how he thinks. Unfortunately a Meritanian was detected blocking us from doing that and kept us out. As for Ajax being in your presence while Lance Richard had the body form, he was ordered to distract you. You have been detected helping Lance Richard get out of traps we set for him with acquiring his crown with your help.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut hearing that as he heard nothing from Lance while hearing Onya talking “Barry was ordered by us to stop falling for the offspring trick of using some voice tone, calling him father for his offspring to get him to do something for them. We were very firm on that order insisting that Barry should be using parental authority on his offspring, Ajax telling us what you told him regarding that situation. It was amusing seeing Lance Richard use that trick on his father for the crown who obeyed us and didn’t budge falling for it. It wasn’t amusing having Lance Richard insult us with inappropriate language. We blame you for that and as a result Barry gave him the crown. As for Barry we ordered him to use his parental authority on other offspring. The Meritanians transported him out to one of them and from their recent talk before they became quiet it appears that he’s obeying our orders doing what we said to him on his own offspring.” 
Shad he eyed spoke as Onya became silent “We had an ulterior motive having you in our possession. It was related to having you teach our servants combative art with your own descendants the proper use of power abilities. Oh we admit that we ordered one of our servants to cause a vehicular accident in the streets of your home city, just so an explosive device could be placed on your car with you and your driver, transported out before the explosion was triggered.” 
Jinks felt himself angry hearing that snarled out “You manipulated my life again. When will you learn that I don’t tolerate your manipulating actions towards me and my family enough to cease doing them?” 
He felt the Master in control as he paused from talking to sense the Falcons’ hands on his arms were bare handed figured “I’ll charge up my body to zap them.” only to hear from Lance abruptly “Jinks stop it now! That angry attitude is exactly what the High Council want from you by overhearing the Meritanians talking to them about the subject! So stop it now and calm down or be worse off from your situation that the High Council has the means to do it!”
He felt a headache hitting him followed by it leaving along with his anger gone from him mentally willed the Master away from him but kept the glare on his face and his hands in a relaxed position while eyeing the High Council. 
He heard Shad speak “Manipulating? What manipulating are you talking about Horus? Care to give an example?”
Jinks refrained from speaking hearing the sarcasm in Shad’s voice tone formed a thin line with his mouth as he heard from Ramses speaking “High Council, Lance Richard says ‘You haven’t fully said what Horus needs to hear regarding what happened after some explosive device was placed on his vehicle with him and his driver transported out by Meritanians.’” 
He felt the headache stop glared at the High Council as Onya spoke “Alright fine we’ll say it. According to reports by spies that people have managed to identify the owner of the car exploded as you, some unexpected recorder catching a servant in the act of putting an explosive device on the car just prior to it blowing up. The First Ones aren’t buying the explanation that you perished in the car with your driver. 
The First Ones specialized in car bombs have publicity said despite threats to them ‘There’s no evidence of Jinks Montreal and his driver found.’
They were to indicate you both were in the car when it exploded and said ‘It was another stunt by the High Council again to trash our species.’ 
The First Ones as far as you should know are still having a negative attitude towards us. They have refused to recognize us as their leadership authority instead has done what it takes despite threats to do negative press to the other species. The other species have mixed feelings about that. The other species in question have refused to publicity get involved in this situation but we know that their working behind the scenes doing things negatively against us by spies saying it-”
He heard Ramses interrupt “High Council a certain Highlander is getting annoyed with having to lend one of his army recruits to you that this recruit has an ability that needs to be taught to his other recruits including something related to combative art.”
He heard both speakers say in unison “Ramses shut up!”
Jinks frowned hearing that comment from the speakers continued to hear from Ramses “Alright you asked for it!”
He stiffened seeing two flashes of light from the High Council along with Awks from the Falcons. Jinks felt them release their holds on his arms and blinked his eyes finding himself in the gymnasium of the army barrack while facing General Fatherland and others in the room. 
He frowned as the General spoke “About time that the High Council stopped the borrowing of my recruits to do ridiculous jobs before their properly trained for it. They lose their life in the process. I’m getting sick and tired of losing recruits and the High Council borrowing them without giving them back. Harrumph!”
Jinks heard from Ramses abruptly “Actually that wasn’t the High Council who returned the recruit. It was me who did that. 
As for the High Council the ones who insulted me with “Shut up!” 
You’ll find them in King Winter’s Kingdom shivering on an iceberg which there’s a warship nearby that can simply pick them up once their sensors find them.” 
He heard nothing more from Ramses frowned as the General gave up “Harrumph!” followed by the Highlander speaking sounding firm “Alright Jihad start teaching of this combative art you used against Youngling in a fight I witnessed and defeated that recruit in the process. So hurry up and start the teaching before the High Council think of borrowing one of my recruits and yourself as well for a ridiculous job.”
Jinks exhaled a breath though his mouth and heard from Lance “Just teach them anyway. It should give you something to do and blow off being angry.  The Meritanians’ mind manipulating is only temporary like I warned you about and doesn’t really take away the angry feeling.” 
Jinks obeyed getting the recruits he counted about nineteen of them along with the General making twenty people, who insisted on being taught, drills in combative art from recalling himself doing the exact teaching on his own offspring when they were first learning karate. He kept up the teaching getting the recruits and General to spar fight in pairs using what they learned in drills to fight each other while going from pair to pair to give out instructions and corrections to their sparring. Jinks kept it up finding his angry mood that suddenly returned abruptly evaporating after doing some karate while teaching movements to the recruits and the General. 
He heard a noise sounding like an air horn sounding loudly halted the teaching giving off “Halt command!” after the sound ceased it noises and eyed the General who spoke loudly “That was the High Council indicating the teaching ends for the day. Just in time judging by the sunlight’s position from peering through the windows. We should stop and eat followed by free time before required sleep mode time arrives so hit the Food Court now.”
Jinks obeyed following fellow recruits out of the gymnasium barrack to the Food Court barrack to find that the sun looked low in the sky. Jinks figured from memory that it was late morning when he first arrived to the army barrack hauled to there by Anubis and the Falcons. He got into line to get food and went to sit in a chair at a table joined by Youngling and felt himself hungry. Jinks figured it was best to take his time due to gobbling up his previous meal and didn’t want to aggravate his body systems eating and drinking too fast. He ate the food taking his time along with drinking down the drink and once done found Youngling leaning back in his chair eyeing him with a frown. 
Jinks frowned as Youngling spoke “You don’t seem very hungry judging by the way you took in nourishment.”
He spoke “Actually I didn’t want to aggravate my body system from taking in nourishment too fast that I did that at a previous meal and don’t want to take any chances of doing it again for another meal. I confess that my body has this mind set that it would reject the nourishment if I take it too fast at two different meal times making me sick later enough to reject it all up including the previous meal as well hence me taking my time.” 
He leaned back folding his arms as Youngling frowned forming it on his lips before the teenager spoke “Interesting your not fully a First One aren’t you despite looking like one?”
Jinks spoke “I’m a hybrid actually.”     
He got from Youngling “Hmm there’s a rumor going around from others down below about some First One having some capability of creating offspring through both First Ones and Highlanders. Wouldn’t that be you actually?”
He saw Youngling’s eyes not showing the Master in control narrow with suspiciousness in them which he spoke “From my knowledge of tests done on me whether their High Council origin or not that I’m able to do what the rumor suggested. Yes, I already fathered offspring through both. I’m unsure of the number that some of the fathering were through implantation of donating my services whether I was a willing participant or not.” 
He shrugged to see Youngling’s eyes remained narrowed before the teenager spoke “Hmm what about those Source abilities of yours? Is there any chance that they could be passed down from you to offspring?”
He heard a clapping noise before he could answer and looked at the source to find the General standing in the room near his table and eyed the Highlander that stopped his noises who spoke “Alright recruits put away your nourishment holders and get out of here now so that the laborers can do their cleaning before the sun goes down. They have to fight with gonoids hanging around at night wrecking up their efforts to do their jobs.” 
Jinks sighed and got up grabbing his tray which he sensed Youngling following him to the machines for putting in dishware and trays inside which he figured were washing them clean. He walked out of the Food Court barrack to stand staring at the horizon with the sun back to him eyeing the scenery sensing the army barrack was surrounded by a forest in a circle pattern. He looked down to see that the ground reminded him of fake grass asphalt from the looks of it and looked like it covered the entire army barrack ground. 
Jinks felt a tap on his shoulder looked to see Youngling standing next to him who spoke “Come on and hit the sleeping barracks that’s where we hang out during our ordered free time by Fatherland.” 
He obeyed following Youngling into the sleeping barrack to find other recruits there and the General not among them. 
He frowned looking around and heard from one of the recruits pointing in a direction when he looked at him “Fatherland has a private bedroom in the corner where he sleeps.” 
He eyed where the recruit was pointing to see a door in the wall that jutted out in a box in the corner of the sleeping barrack room which he eyed its details to see that it was completely separate by the walls hitting the ceiling. 
Jinks frowned as he heard a voice sounding like using the Master in control “Alright Jihad, explain this.”
He stiffened feeling paralysis hitting his feet willed the Master out and mentally waved the paralysis away from him only to again get his feet feeling like deadweight. 
He heard from Lance “Jinks, your going to have to verbalize that deadness removal trick of yours I told you to do.” 
He spoke out loud noticing recruits gathered around him in his eyes sight all with the Master in control by their eyes “Alright just wave your hand and mentally order the deadness feeling to go away. It worked for me when Youngling did that trick on me. I don’t know if it’ll work for you, not sharing that ability very much with various people who have the Source abilities. See what you think you can do and leave me out of that.”
He folded his arms and narrowed his eyes finding his feet no longer deadweight exhaled a breath through his mouth and inhaled seeing that none of the recruits have budged from their spots while staring at him with narrowed Master like eyes. 
Jinks frowned inwardly thinking to he “Terrific I’m interrogated in response to teaching them combative art.” 
He heard nothing from Lance in response as one of the recruits spoke “Spill it Jihad can the Source be passed down from you to your offspring and don’t hem and haw answering that.” 
He spoke “Well I’ve seen the Source in my own offspring I’ve raised so I guess that it’s a yes I can pass it down. I haven’t tested how strong or weak the Source is in my descendants yet so I can’t answer that question.” 
He shrugged and heard in response “Terrific it explains why Fatherland is always mad whenever he says that the High Council is borrowing his recruits and not giving them back.” 
Jinks frowned eyeing the recruits to hear one of them speak sounding like talking to him “Jihad, admit it you originated from Shadan and lived long enough to have the High Council use you to father High Council members.”
He stiffened hearing that as he heard from Lance “Of course that’s the official story that the High Council is using regarding explaining you to their servants along with explaining Source abilities detected in them.” 
He heard another voice speak as Lance became silent “Don’t hem and haw Jihad, on your explanation so admit it now.” 
Jinks spoke refraining from using sarcasm in his voice tone “Admit what? I don’t have authority to admit this to you so don’t bother asking me again.” 
He glared at the recruits to see one wave a hand towards him and felt paralysis all over his body. Jinks slid to the floor lying onto his back and grunted feeling himself unable to move to wipe away the feeling. 
He heard “Well, well looks like he can’t do a thing about this trick you pulled on him, Flyer. What should we do to him anyway?”
He continued to eavesdrop as the recruits got into an argument “We should leave him like that? You go haul him to his bed! You to will the deadness away! We should do that to him go to his bed on his own!” 
He heard them argue “An explanation on freeing him?! It’s that he wouldn’t get any rest from that. He wouldn’t be able to teach us combative art the next day.” He heard them add “We liked the new fight style we were taught. We wanted to learn more including keeping it up to practice.” 
 Jinks felt annoyance take hold sensing the argument seemed lengthy from the sounds of it along with seeing sunlight becoming dim through the windows near the ceiling. 
He mentally spoke “Argh when will they stop this ridiculous argument and free me from this trapped status?”
He heard nothing from Lance in response felt the paralysis stop swung he up to standing and heard multiple “Whoa!” from the recruits seeing that they still had the Master in control as he looked at them with a glare. 
Jinks heard from Lance “Just teach them some Source ability just to show that you’re not mad at them. I think it’ll get them to drop doing that stunt on you again.”
He sighed softly and saw the recruits looking at him in silence spoke out loud “Who knows what a projectile gun weapon is?”
He got from one of them “The High Council forbidden us to be trained to use one, with forbidden us to be trained in using other weapons other than just our bodies. We do know what the weapon you’re talking about but the High Council has refused to let us be trained in it. They have balked on giving an explanation.”
Jinks spoke in response “See a projectile gun weapon near you whether it’s aiming at you or not. You get its functions to stop, I call jamming by hand wave while mentally giving the order. The gun will be useless anyway after its done which worked for me and my offspring, I raised and should work for you so don’t forget it period.” 
He folded his arms staring at the recruits who all nodded their heads followed by seeing them will away the Master which he copied them. 
He heard one speak in a groaning tone “Argh sunlight is fading fast and soon it’ll be too dark to see around here. I really hate it when the High Council has balked on giving us lights to see in the dark, doing some ridiculous night training test once in awhile.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that went to his bunk to sit to find Youngling’s bunk was next to his. The teenager had the upper bunk judging by the male climbing the ladder to reach it. He got up and adjusted the blanket and pillow for sleeping then laid his form on the bed pulling the blanket up to his chest. Jinks stared at the upper bunk’s bottom as the sunlight faded for good followed by his familiar night vision coming into his eyesight. He sat up and looked around the room seeing from his bed in his line of sight that recruits were in bed with a blanket on them mostly staring skywards with facial expressions that suggested that they were blind at night. 
Jinks laid his form down and shut his eyes figuring out that he’ll need his sleep recalling Youngling saying “I’m warning you about the High Council interrupting sleep to sound their familiar noise regardless of it daylight or not.” 
He continued to recall Youngling telling him “At various times the High Council would pull some kind of night training test a selected recruit would have to undergo just to see how they’ll do being blind at night.” 
He felt himself getting into deeper sleep by how tired he felt at the moment and sighed softly from that feeling to allow he to sleep passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing an air horn sound sounding loudly jerked open his eyes seeing it was daylight dimly. Jinks got up from the bed as fellow recruits did the same heading towards the shower and bathroom facilities as a requirement for starting the day. Jinks showered naked among the naked recruits. Jinks noticed that the General wasn’t among them frowned but continued showering followed by going to his clothes folded on the floor outside the shower room among clothing scattered in piles on the ground. He put on his clothes and boots and exhaled a breath feeling his hair and felt regret not having a hairbrush for it. Jinks walked out of the sleeping barrack and headed in the sunrise towards the Food Court. He found the General inside seated leaning back in a chair drinking from a cup slowly while eyeing the entrance by eyes looking at it. Jinks noticing that Fatherland had already eaten his food by the tray holding empty dishware. He sighed again and went to get nourishment figuring out that he’ll eat for needing to get energy for it. He found Youngling joined him at the table along with two other recruits filling the remaining spots of the table’s chairs. He eyed the two males to see that one was Human and appearing to be older than Youngling in his second decade and saw the other one was a hybrid by the looks of it with ears cut similar style as Ajax. Jinks ate his food in silence taking his time eating the food and once done leaned back with arms folded while eyeing the recruits gathered around the table that had finished their nourishment as well. 
He eyed Youngling who spoke pointing a finger appearing to be at the human “This is Library for he’s always quoting lines from books to us, rightfully earned that name by the General giving it to him at first meeting.” 
He looked at Library who spoke some line that sounded familiar and felt confused till he heard from Lance saying “The book was some kind of First One recorded book on a famous play.” which he remembered it and nodded his head towards the male. 
He looked at Youngling who pointed a finger appearing to be at the hybrid speaking “He’s Flyer that he can throw his body into moves dubbed acrobats easily despite us doing it with trouble.”
Jinks recalled last night looked at the hybrid male Flyer that had a sheepish expression on his face who spoke “Sorry about giving you the deadness. I admit that I had a hand in getting the others to see you get to your bed asleep on your own instead of us doing the job for you.” 
He shrugged in response figuring out that it was best not to be angry at the male heard a loud clapping sound followed by multiple groaning noises sounding in the room and heard from Youngling “Every morning we do our acrobatic training exercises which only Flyer does them easily.” 
He got up and carried the tray to the dishwashing machine putting away the items then followed Youngling outside towards a spot on the field away from the buildings and noticed recruits looking at him as the General came into view. 
He frowned as the General spoke “Alright Jihad since you were seen doing some acrobatic move getting up from the floor last night you is to teach it to us. You learn how to do the acrobatic moves I’m currently teaching to the recruits in the process.”
Jinks without a comment fell into a perfect split body facing forwards with both legs on his sides heard a sarcastic “yah ha, we can do that and already been doing it for awhile so teach us what we want to know.”
He obeyed swinging himself and his legs into position and swung himself up then glared at the recruits while pointing a finger down to the ground. He saw some fell into perfect splits while some awkwardly sat down along with seeing them getting their legs into position and watched them attempt to do his swing up move. He went around recruits and the General correcting body positions as they attempted to swing up finding two people doing it easily. Jinks saw was a hybrid he assumed was Flyer and Youngling having success in doing it despite others having trouble doing the movements. He figured to himself that the others would have no trouble once they kept on practicing the movements and keep attempting to do it which would give them success. He heard a clapping sound as the sun fully rose over the horizon followed by groaning noises as recruits got up from the ground and stood. Jinks joined them standing in the back row and eyed the General who barked orders ordering them to do various acrobatic moves by saying unfamiliar words.
General saying “Do it!”  
He paused to watch recruits doing the moves followed by he attempting to do them finding himself having success in doing them. Jinks felt himself wanting to do it automatically before doing an acrobatic move he found himself doing with success. 
Jinks frowned as the General halted the training by saying “I’m ordering recruits to sit down and take a break!” 
Jinks obeyed and frowned seeing Fatherland walking up to he to stand next to him with arms folded while staring at him. 
He frowned as the General spoke “You seemed to easily have no trouble doing the acrobatic moves I order recruits to do seeing them having problems from time to time so explain that.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath heard from Lance in response “Just be honest that some Highlander unsure if their High Council servant or some enemy of them cycles ago was very insistence on you to be trained to do acrobatic moves. The teacher reported you having some natural ability to do them.” 
He inhaled a breath and spoke to the General “Ah cycles ago some Highlander unsure of that male was loyal to approach me while I was outside my home and in some adamant tone insisted ‘You to take up acrobatic training.’ 
I wound up agreeing to the Highlander’s demand after another provided some document about some legendary First One male that lived in Shadan’s Great Britain known to throw his body into flying moves when fighting with people either in mock fights or in battles. Mostly he being undefeated in one to one battles using the body form as a weapon.”
He clamped his mouth shut as the General’s eyes narrowed with suspiciousness in them as the Highlander spoke “I suspect that Highlander telling you to train in acrobats was from the High Council checking up some ancient documented report about your life in Great Britain. They wanted proof of this by having you demonstrate the acrobatic ability I’ve seen from you doing it easily.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing the General’s implying words heard from Lance as Fatherland paused from talking “Jinks, how many times must I remind you that you can do any known acrobatic ability easily doing them regardless of the species doing them?”
He exhaled a breath hearing Lance’s question as he stared at the General who barked out “Break time is over! Get up now!”
He obeyed swinging himself up to stand and heard the General add “Not so fast recruits! You’re getting up exactly the way Jihad got up! I meant it so do, it now!”
He sighed and stood with arms folded staring at the recruits seeing most of them get up awkwardly off balanced while a few appeared to have gotten the move easily but noticed. They took several steps back as if getting off balanced after standing. 
He frowned as the General ordered “Recruits back into the acrobatic moves!” 
By hearing the familiar words and recognized they enough to follow along with the members doing them instead of having to hesitate watching them do the movements to do them. 
Jinks didn’t protest as the General added “I ordered Jihad and recruits to the Food Court for a meal!” 
Jinks noticed that the sun was higher and felt like he needed to eat something which he went to the food room to eat. He sat next to Youngling, Flyer and Library silently eating.
Once Jinks was done eating got ordered by the General loudly telling “You and recruits to hit the barracks for a rest!” 
Jinks went and found his bunk to lie on and shut his eyes feeling himself tired which he passed out unconscious. 

Jinks came to sensing himself floating in water naked while wearing chains on his wrists and ankles. He felt his ability to raise his arms blocked by feeling the chains were attached to his ankles that prevented that. He felt himself annoyed to realize that the time with the General and recruits was nothing but a dream his mind conjured up for him while contained in some sleep tube. Jinks felt he going down as if going down some water slide which he sensed nothing came to feeling himself lying on a metal floor while wearing chains.
Jinks felt an object poking his sensitive part and heard a male voice sounding Highlander like saying “I’m ordering you to perform.” 
Jinks felt familiar clawed hands grab his arms lifting him up from the floor and Anubis’s familiar voice speaking “The High Council has ordered for Horus to be in their presence.” 
He kept his eyes shut feeling himself flying sideways in the air in some super speed move. It stopped followed by familiar cloth placed over his eyes which he felt the familiar roller coaster movements all over the place. Jinks felt the movements stop along with cloth off his eyes and again flying in the air. His feet touched metal and jerked open his eyes to see with clear eyes sight that he was in the High Council’s throne room. 
He felt confused as to why he was seeing clearly heard from Shad speaking “Produce Lance Richard now.” 
Jinks’ eyes shift as if drawn to see Barry standing nearby in the room with a glare on the Builder’s face which he heard from Ramses abruptly “Ugh High Council a certain servant of yours got Lance Richard in a bad mood and is having a big fight with him at the moment.”
He heard from Onya who spoke “Transport Ajax to us now.” 
He saw a light flash to show a sleeping High Council member lying on the floor his senses told him was Ajax. Jinks eyed as Anubis went to him shaking his shoulder that woke up with a loud gasp. 
Jinks formed a thin line with his mouth as Ajax got up speaking in a loud tone “High Council I figured something out is the dreams of Horus he’s having while contained asleep are actually some version of Lance Richard’s memories. I told that to Lance Richard who refused to give I an answer instead acted quite violent with me as his response. I got into a fight with him and he used some Builder speed ability to kick me out away from him.” 
He eyed the High Council to see the speakers bow their heads and felt the familiar headache of his mind scanned felt himself annoyed with that to mentally speak vulgar language words. Till sleepiness hit him and he jerked his eyes shut passing out unconscious to dream of facing Lance who had an all black eyed glare and appeared to be glaring at the Meritanians. Jinks reached out a hand touching his father on the shoulder who jerked his head towards him and yanked his hand off his shoulder followed by facing him making him feel nervous.
Jinks stared at Lance with a frown who spoke sounding angry “What Ajax just admitted is manipulating by the Meritanians fooling around in your mind and being amused by that stunt.”
He heard from Ramses sounding annoyed as his senses blared telling him “Lance lied.” “Hey Lance Richard cut blaming us for your problems now.” 
Jinks willed the Master through and spoke “Father you lied about the Meritanians so tell me the truth now.”
He heard a growling noise from Lance and felt himself gagged on the throat by his father’s hand. Jinks found his efforts to free he useless as the male forced his eyes shut, came to finding himself floating surrounded by water in darkness while wearing chains on his ankles and wrists felt annoyance take hold.
Jinks mentally spoke “What will it takes for me to be freed from this prison and have a life with people I considered my family?”
He heard nothing in response felt sleepiness shut his eyes to come to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder jerked open his eyes sensing the Master in control to find he lying on the ground wearing clothes that felt like twin to Lance Richard’s via feel. 
Jinks saw a Highlander male wearing silver armored like clothes for Knights leaning over him with all black eyes that spoke “Lance Richard get up now.” 
He in response gave up a spitting motion and resumed shutting his eyes which he again heard from the Highlander sounding firm “Either you get up or I’ll choke you till you do it.” 
He opened his eyes and swung himself up to stand glaring at the Highlander who pointed a finger and spoke “The mess tent is that way so get some food now.” 
He obeyed spotting a large tent nearby gathered near two other tents and saw Highlanders wearing clothes gathered nearby sitting on the ground appearing to be eating food from bowls. Jinks went to the tent as pointed by the Highlander and inside was handed a bowl from a female Highlander wearing some medieval peasant dress from the looks of it. He went out of the tent and went to sit on a bare spot on the ground and felt himself hungry reached a hand towards the food to get an image of a whip with a black background along with a crack sound in his mind. Jinks blinked his eyes to found himself back in the Food Court slowly taking his time eating his food with silverware while Youngling, Flyer and Library were copying him. Jinks stiffened to realize that Ajax wasn’t kidding about him dreaming some version of Lance’s memories while contained asleep in a tube. He continued to stiffen as he ate his food forcing himself to eat it due to sensing hunger hitting him as a question came to his mind. 
He mentally spoke “I questioned myself on how long I was contained asleep in a tube dreaming versions of Lance’s memories.”
Jinks heard nothing from Lance in response frowned but continued eating his food then once done leaned back seeing the other recruits were done as well. 
He folded his arms letting his thoughts wander “I’m still questioning myself on how long I was contained in a tube asleep, whether I really was freed from it, my eyesight was perfect last time I was out of it.” 
He heard from Youngling speaking “Your thinking of something Jihad, so spill it now.” 
He shifted his eyes towards Youngling who had a glare on his face who continued “The expression on your face says that your thinking of something so spill it or else.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth and inhaled to speak sounding annoyed “I spent a good amount of time contained asleep in some tube dreaming of various things. Some terrible that have me questioning whether this all around me is either a dream or reality. So excuse me for thinking of that.” 
He shrugged to get from Youngling “Interesting he’s in our situation instead of something else as thought.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing Youngling’s words as the male continued sounding serious “Welcome to our reality Jihad, contained asleep in tubes where all we can do is talk to each other through this scenery led by General Fatherland who’s in our situation as well. The only thing we all have in common is the use of the Source powers. The General has said to have himself but doesn’t like to flaunt in our faces whether we disobey him or not.” 
Jinks continued to stiffen as Youngling continued talking “Oh what the General meant by borrowing is one of us is out of the tube being used for donation services to breed offspring for the High Council and their motives unknown. The General has got it in his mind to us that we’re breeding an army for the High Council to use over the First Ones assumed to have refused to accept their leadership authority. Hence they having us create offspring for them to manipulate in their views to target First Ones in response for not accepting them as their leaders.”
Jinks frowned as he felt an odd feeling hitting him like a headache along with water sensation all around him blinked his eyes finding himself surrounded in darkness naked and wearing chains on his wrists and ankles. 
He felt a headache of his mind scanned mentally spoke “Hello, who’s this?”
He heard a male voice sounding odd to him speaking in his mind “You haven’t been living up to expectations the High Council expect from you.” 
He mentally spoke sensing the Master in control “What expectations are you talking about?”
He heard in response “I meant donating your services for breeding offspring. Your body for some reason despite manipulation has refused to do the services instead gave something else unexpected which wrecks things up.” 
Jinks mentally spoke “Don’t tell me you have a problem with a female mating with me out unconscious.” 
He continued to hear from the voice “Actually a certain someone has been detected throwing inappropriate behavior towards females attempting to mate with you.” 
He mentally spoke “Then have me do the job willingly.” 
He heard from the voice in response “Ah that was considered but there’s a little problem involving that. I believe you know what it is.” 
He stiffened as a memory of he mating with a blonde female in a place that seemed like an elevator flashed in his mind along with the way he treated the lady to get her to submit to his demand of mating which produced his daughter Victoria. He continued to stiffen as he got memories of himself throwing himself in Karate in the gym room whenever he was feeling any body interest in mating by repeatedly doing the movements over and over till the feeling stopped. 
Jinks frowned as he got memories of himself balking the servants’ attempts to get him to mate with a female by verbally telling the servants “You’re to not bring that up again in my presence.” 
Jinks mentally spoke “Humph well perhaps its time I got over this mental block. I got over it while contained in some tube thanks to someone named batty.”
He felt the headache of his mind still scanned to hear from the voice “I got to warn you that you’ll have to submit to a mind scan while doing the mating something others chosen for breeding have gone through themselves as well with the female selected for them.” 
He mentally spoke “Ugh fine I agree to this and like to know what the High Council say about it.” 
He heard “Just hold on tight while I get you out for that.” 
He felt a movement of a water slide along with blinking his eyes to found himself on a metal floor feeling the chains stripped from his form. Jinks then blinked his eyes feeling the floor soft as a bed which he jerked his eyes full wide. Jinks looked around the room finding he in a familiar round room belonging to the High Council sensing himself filmed and spied on. Jinks saw a door in the wall swung his legs off the bed to sit towards the door. He eyed the door with the Master in control to see it slide open showing nothing but blackness followed by a female Highlander with long black hair wearing some clingy short white dress that paused from walking to stare at him with a frown on her face. He sensed a headache figured that she was scanning him got up from the bed and heard the door shut. Jinks went to her and grabbed a fistful of her dress pulling it up. He proceeded to yank the dress off the female’s form over her head without her resisting to it. Jinks tossed aside the dress and grabbed her hand pulling her towards the bed without resistance sensing himself still mind scanned which he ignored. He let go of the female’s hand and forced her to lie onto the bed on her back and got himself on top of her feeling her legs part locking around him. Jinks narrowed his eyes at the female sensing himself getting the urge to mate placed his hands besides her sides and thrust his sensitive part inside her sensing no resistance or anything blocking the way. He stared at the female in the eyes as he thrust in and out of her sensing himself feeling charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her while she had hands on his cheeks and continued to stare at him in the eyes. He gave up a growl as he spilled himself inside the female feeling an intense charge of pleasure hitting him and again felt the urge to mate. Jinks did another round of thrusting feeling the same feelings hitting him and again gave up a growl as he spilled himself inside the female. He felt the urge stop and felt he fully up to the hilt inside the female whose legs became more locking in some tight hold while feeling his mind still scanned. 
Jinks in a quick move placed a hand on the female’s forehead “I mentally ordering her to sleep.” saw his order obeyed by her closing her eyes, her hands sliding off his face along with her legs’ locking hold become loose. 
Jinks removed he off the female and got himself down on the floor figuring that he’ll see if his limber and karate movement status was either intact or destroyed. He proceeded to stretch finding himself still limber as usual and threw himself up to stand. Jinks found he doing the movement perfectly proceeded to do his familiar Kata finding his body doing the movements perfect to his standards. 
He during the movements heard Ramses’ familiar voice speaking “Actually High Council, a certain somebody who annoys us says that he’s is obsessed with doing those movements repeatedly doing them regardless of how his body is feeling even forcing himself to do it while sick with a medical ailment.”
He continued to do his Kata while hearing Ramses pause then continued talking “Alright which one of you jokers put the Tee Dee serum in Horus’s sleep tube? It’s obvious that he has that from the way he’s doing combative art movements that are twin to the movements he did before being placed asleep so spill it now. The High Council insists on this and I’m just following orders.”
He heard nothing more from Ramses as he reached the end of his Kata to end with a bow and felt his arms grabbed by familiar hands that he sensed belonged to the Falcons straighten up his form. He found he was in the High Council’s throne room and noticed Barry standing nearby a glare on the male’s face that was aimed at him. 
He heard from Shad “Produce Lance Richard now.” 
Jinks heard from Lance mentally “Let me through I know what the High Council is up to and can counterattack it.” 
He obeyed to keep the Master in control to find he floating above his body to see it shift into Lance Richard that took off the crown off his head but continued to hold it in his hands. 
Jinks watched as the scene went black to find he on the beach sensing clothes on his form. 
Jinks felt a tap on his shoulder which he looked to see Ajax standing next to him that spoke “Father.”    
He folded his arms and spoke “You want to admit this bit about me having bad eyesight for a bunch of cycles told off to not have any medical procedure to fix them along with suddenly finding them in good health after yanked out of a tube?”
He glared at Ajax who spoke sounding nervous “Ah I don’t know much about that actually.” 
Jinks’ senses blared telling him “Ajax lied!” 
Jinks shot out his hand and gagged his son on the throat. 
He sensed his mind scanned ignored the sensation to speak “You’re lying when you speak your words. Don’t tell me this bad eyesight was a stunt by the High Council medically doing something to me to make my eyes bad.”
He glared at Ajax who he felt gulped underneath his hand hold and spoke “Alright, Father, I admit it that bad eyesight was the result of some kind of medicine created by the High Council’s servants put in your food just to keep your body ready for put in a sleeper tube anytime they order it. Also that sleeper tube has some kind of deadly side effect to people so medicine is required for people to take into their bodies for a good amount of time before their put into it but it gives them the side effect of bad eyesight.”
Jinks gave up a growling sound and sensed Ajax become more nervous by repeatedly gulping underneath his hand hold which he heard from his son sounding scared “I want out of here now.” 
Jinks spoke “Don’t come back.” 
He forced Ajax’s eyes shut and saw his son disappear in a flash of light which he turned his form towards the three Meritanians that were all staring at him with lips in frowns. 
He heard from Ramses “Don’t even think of torturing us smarty. We can do something bad to you in response which I guarantee that you’ll regret it period.” 
Jinks folded his arms and gave the Meritanians a glare who gasped out yeows before bowing their heads followed by Ramses again speaking “I was talking to Horus, High Council so quit that torturous thing your doing to us now.” 
Jinks again heard the Meritanians give off yeows heard a growling sound off his left looked to see Lance standing there facing him with his eyes all black that twisted his form to face him by hands’ manipulations. 
He gulped sensing himself nervous as Lance spoke “Nice going smarty. Now the Meritanians will retaliate against you by doing something bad to you for that torture played on them by the High Council. Believe me they did this stunt to me and you don’t want to suffer from their angry mood.” 
Jinks felt his eyes forced shut before he could say a word came to feeling he cold all over jerked open his eyes getting up in a fast move to find himself standing on some icy ground with snow falling from above shivering in the cold due to his naked status. He felt sleepiness and struggled to stay awake as hands familiar grabbed his arms he sensed were belonging to the Falcons. Jinks shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to finding he floating in the darkness surrounded by water that gave him warmth while feeling chains on his wrists and ankles along with the Master still in control. He felt that he could move moved his head looking around finding nothing for him to see despite squints his eyes which the darkness continued to persist despite the eyes’ movements. 
Jinks felt a headache of his mind scanned heard a familiar male voice speaking “Just close your eyes. There’s nothing for you to see anyway.” 
He jerked his hands into fists and mentally spoke “Ajax is that you?”
He felt the headache still ongoing heard “Argh how did you figure that out anyway?”
Jinks mentally spoke “You have some odd feeling towards me as in seemingly like to help me learn things around here such as the stunt of the High Council putting medicine in my food to make my eyes sight bad so that they could put me in this thing.” 
He heard in response “Well you’re my father anyway and you’re responsible for my existence so that’s one of the reasons why I have my odd feeling you say towards you.” 
He mentally spoke “Interesting explanation Ajax but wouldn’t a certain someone named Lance Richard have something to do with this odd feeling towards me?”
He heard nothing in response as the headache stopped abruptly followed by an image of Lance Richard flashed in his mind along with his father’s voice speaking “Nice going Jinks now you got Ajax scared of talking to you despite me insisting to him to do it. It’ll take awhile before Ajax gets over this scared cat feeling and talk to you again.” 
Jinks mentally spoke “Why am I hearing from you now instead of the other times I sensed myself in this thing?”
Jinks got from Lance “Just shut your eyes Jinks and sleep. Let me handle getting you out on a permanent basis so sleep.” 
He felt the urge to shut his eyes hit him gave up a growling sound hearing glass cracking sounds to him along with suddenly finding himself lying on a metal floor and felt a gloved hand clamp over his mouth cutting off his noises. Jinks felt an urge to sleep hit him kept his eyes shut and felt he passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder jerked open his eyes to see with annoyance Youngling standing over him speaking “General ordered nap time over with so get up Jihad and teach us combative art. Don’t expect us to get the teaching in one lesson so get up and teach.”
He felt annoyance take hold gave up a spitting sound and resumed shutting his eyes only to feel himself yanked off the bed onto the floor and left then followed by Youngling’s voice speaking “The High Council borrowing you must have put you in a bad mood so stop it now and get up and teach us recruits combative art or we’ll make you regret it.” 
Jinks jerked open his eyes to throw himself up into a standing position and stood towering over Youngling who flared all black eyes which he heard from Lance abruptly “Just drop the attitude and do what the General and recruits expect you to do. It’ll make life being there easier for you plus I’m pretty sure you can get more naps later.” 
Jinks without a word walked towards the entrance to the barrack sensing Youngling following him which he walked out into the sun he saw was high above in the sky shining brightly. 
Jinks went to the gym room to find the General there along with recruits which Fatherland spoke “I insist you teach combative art and do it now.” 
He obeyed finding himself needing to do karate gotten the General and recruits into doing drills him demonstrating the moves and ordering them to copy him doing them. He figured that doing karate would help his foul mood and help him calm down enough to think straight. Jinks after drills were done got the General and recruits into pairs and ordered them to spar fight which he went to each pair giving out instructions and corrections on how to knock their opponent off their feet and continued doing that till a horn was heard very loudly. 
He gave off the halt command once the horn ended its noises and eyed the General how spoke “That was the High Council. Judging by the sunlight its time for dinner so go eat.”
He heard one speak “General, Youngling’s been borrowed.”
Jinks frowned hearing that as the General gave up a harrumph sound before pointing a finger at the gym’s door and jabbed at its direction. He took it as his cue to leave the gym room to go to the Food Court which he went and got some food and sat slowly taking his time with the nourishment with Flyer and Library seated at the table next to him. 
Jinks once finished leaned back with a frown on his face letting his thoughts wander “What the High Council was really doing to Youngling despite his status of being borrowed?” 
He heard nothing from Lance only heard a clapping noise and eyed the General who made it that spoke “Alright recruits move it! Put away your nourishment holders and hit the barracks for a rest! Let the laborers come and clean up the mess without us and gonoids interfering so move it!”
Jinks got up and obeyed putting away the dishes and tray which he went out to the barrack and went inside to his bunk to sit on it. Jinks had his eyes on the recruits gathered in a corner in the room appearing to be whispering to each other while eyeing him with all black eyed looks aimed at him before resuming the whispering to each other. Jinks sighed and willed the Master through sensing that the recruits wanted a lesson on Master’s powers they dub Source. They were discussing on how to get him to teach them what they wanted to know. Jinks heard a horn blared its noises eyed the recruits who each went to their bed lying on it which he did the same as the horn cut its noises followed by the lights above turning off. 
He heard a loud bang of the door to the barrack sliding open followed by another bang then a familiar voice speaking “Jihad, I know you can see in the dark so lead me to my bed now.”
Jinks sat up eyes on the doorway to spot Youngling standing there that appeared to be blind in the dark. Jinks got up and walked towards the young male to take his arm and felt the man yank it out of his grip to throw a fist aimed at him which he blocked. He proceeded to block fisting and kicks aimed at him ducking and getting out of the way and proceeded to knock Youngling off his feet that landed on the back on the floor. Jinks folded his arms with a glare on his face aimed at Youngling sensing that the male wasn’t completely blind in the dark hence he expertly kicking and fisting him like he could see. He eyed Youngling who got up throwing himself up to stand and stood with arms up hands fisted eyes squinted while appearing to not see him. 
He kept his form still heard Youngling speaking sound sarcastic “Admit it you coward that you can see me in the dark while I’m blind.” 
His senses blared telling him “Youngling was hiding something.” waved a hand fisted only to get that male charging towards him with hands fisted. 
Jinks again knocked Youngling off his feet as the male attempted a leg kick aimed at his head and kept his form still. 
He spoke “Admit it Youngling, you can see me if I move but when I’m still you cannot.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as Youngling got up from the floor in an acrobatic move to stand sideways from him while having hands fisted eyes narrowed. He heard a clapping sound behind him saw Youngling look in his direction. Jinks turned around in response to see that the clapper was the General wearing some kind of goggled glasses over his eyes. 
Jinks glared at the General who spoke “Brilliant Jihad, for figuring out what Youngling’s special talent is involving the dark. So stand down Youngling and Jihad, lead him to his bed and that’s an order.” 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth as he went to Youngling who appeared to see him and his movements. Jinks took the male’s arm that didn’t resist to that and led him to his bunk putting the teenager’s hand on the bed’s ladder rung. Jinks went to sit on his bed and looked around the room spotting the General gone from sight. Jinks frowned eyeing the door to Fatherland’s quarter recalling hearing no door manipulation sounds eyed it with a frown. 
He got up and walked to the door to hear Youngling’s voice speaking loudly “Last time someone tried that door Fatherland assassinated him in front of us in the morning. You’re his replacement, that its, that guy’s bed you’re using, Jihad.” 
He halted his walking to frown sensing Youngling was telling the truth eyed the door and heard from Lance “Don’t go there Jinks. Believe me I know what happened to that recruit and it isn’t pretty.” 
He spoke out loud as something came to his mind “Fatherland isn’t like any one of us in the same situation but is something else.” 
Jinks stiffened as the scenery changed to show darkness as he felt water all around him while feeling chains on his body along with feeling something like a bandage covering his mouth. 
He felt a headache hitting him spoke “Hello, who’s this?”
Jinks heard in response was a familiar male voice speaking “Argh alright father I admit it that the High Council have a Highlander in hook up to some computer that is controlling the tubes and its functions.” 
Jinks didn’t comment in response as Ajax he assumed continued talking “Ah as for that Highlander he has been told of plans for you to be in one of the tubes. He in response has said some comment of looking forwards to the plans taking fruition in some happy tone.”
He kept his mind blank as Ajax continued his chatter “I admit it that Highlanders are blind in the dark. Hybrids have demonstrated some ability to see people by their movements seeing them as some kind of cloud figure with details not clear surrounded by a dark background. That’s only limited if that person is close enough for them to detect their movements. I’m unsure of the First One terms for how to say the distance is actually but in Highlander terms it’s enough to do a jump kick aimed at the person’s front.”
Jinks heard silence from Ajax mentally spoke “Oh interesting I guess so get me out of this thing to do my duty which you know what it is.” 
He heard in response “Sorry father you’ll have to wait for a certain time period once it’s obvious your duty has done its part. The High Council has balked doing tests on Highlander females after they are either implanted or mated with a male. Reason is that the female has mysteriously lost the offspring after a test was done on her to indicate her carrying status. This has happened too many times to count. Lucky First Ones have managed to create the carrying for a very short time frame. The High Council still can’t figure out how that can happen to their own people’s females. The Meritanians have been detected keeping the information out of High Council hands and balking on saying how that carrying status is created. Ugh as a result it’s about nine First Ones’ weeks for a female servant to carry an offspring before birthing it from some sleeping status she undergoes at her seventh week.”
Jinks in response thrust his head forwards feeling it connect with something hard while hearing glass breaking sounds, came to feeling himself lying on a metal floor and jerked open his eyes to see Ajax leaning over him who placed a gloved hand on his forehead and he felt sleepiness passed out unconscious. 

Jinks came to finding himself lying on a bed which he jerked open his eyes and sat up seeing he was in a familiar room belonging to the High Council for bodies of the coma and dead. He heard a rumbling and felt a vibration quickly got up from the bed and stood with arms up hands fisted while hearing the noise become louder in one direction which he saw was Mesen heading towards him. Jinks snarled some growl as Mesen came at him swinging ropey arms which he used karate to block and duck only to get the rope around his neck in some gagging hold. He felt electrical currents running from Mesen into him that cancelled his charging ability as he struggled from Mesen’s hold. He felt a stinging pain in his chest like a needle dart and felt himself falling unconscious. 

Jinks woke up with a gasp finding he lying on his bed in the penthouse apartment which the scene changed to show the room was a bedroom belonging to the High Council as the scene again changed to show a jail cell.
Jinks brought hands to his forehead and screamed out “No!”
He yelled “Stop it now! This ends now! Help me now!”
He repeated his words till the scenes stopped as a door formed in his mind he recognized as Darkness and watched as the door slid shut. 
He groaned as memories of a female spilled in his mind which made him swear “That bitch. Who is she to hide secrets from me?!”
He snarled a growl removing his hands from his forehead to find himself lying in the gym room wearing pajama clothing on his form which was drawstring pants and a tank top. He felt a hand shaking his arm which he looked to see the familiar female was there that made him angry as he swung himself up and charged towards her grabbing her by the neck and thrusting her back to the wall. 
He spoke “Who do you think you are hiding secrets from me?”
He glared at the female who formed confusion on her face before she spoke “Jinks, it’s me, Katherine your wife. Stop it now.” 
Jinks felt the urge to mate billow into him thrust the female Katherine onto the floor and released his hold on her neck to lift up her dress a nightgown he assumed and freed himself from the pants. He entered her feeling no barriers blocking him and thrust in and out of her as her hands settled on his arms. He felt a headache of his mind scanned ignored the sensation as he spilled himself inside her. Jinks felt the floor change from padded to metal which he figured he was in the High Council’s throne room did another round of mating towards the female he figured wasn’t Katherine but someone wearing a mask to look like her. He once done pulled out and adjusted his pants and got up from the floor to feel his arms grabbed by the Falcons bare handed he noticed. Jinks eyed the female who disappeared in a flash of light. He eyed the High Council which the speakers he noticed had heads bowed. Jinks mentally charged up his body and heard awks from the Falcons as they released their holds on his arms. He darted out of the room heading towards the gate room and entered it only to feel a stick connect with his ankles from below which he threw himself in an acrobatic move on the floor and kept heading towards the gate only to hear a familiar male voice speaking familiar gibberish which made him halt his charge standing still. Jinks sensed the Master still in control turned around and saw Barry standing nearby as he felt himself floating above his body to see it change into Lance who took off the crown off his head but kept a hand hold on it. Jinks found he on the beach facing the Meritanians who appeared to be scrutinizing him. Jinks kneeled and peered through Lance’s eyes finding the view showed the High Council’s throne room and Barry standing in his line of sight holding the crown up before backing away and lowering the hand holding it. 
Jinks felt a gagging sensation jerked open his eyes and stood up raising a hand “I mentally orders a shield to form.” which he glared at Ajax who folded his arms. 
Ajax, he glared at spoke “About time we talked face to face instead of some tube.” 
Jinks removed the shield and walked up to Ajax who appeared to gulp which he kissed his son on the cheek and forced his eyes shut before resuming kneeling peering through Lance’s eyes. 
He again felt the gagging got up with annoyance as Ajax spoke “That kiss was disgusting, don’t do that again.” 
Jinks felt the gagging stop glared at Ajax who added “Fathers don’t kiss sons. Only mothers do it.” 
He didn’t comment in response saw Ajax look more nervous as he felt his form twisted to face the Meritanians by hands’ manipulation and saw the hands belonged to Lance with crown on and eyes narrowed who spoke “Ajax, you don’t know First Ones when it comes to raising offspring. Fathers do kiss sons but that’s when it’s appropriate which it wasn’t with Jinks doing it to you.” 
He kept his mouth shut to feel his eyes forced shut to find himself floating in a tube feeling a device on the back of his neck which he again heard Ajax’s mental voice sounding in his mind “I wouldn’t destroy the tube if I were you. The High Council made it clear that their toleration towards you destroying their tubes has ended. It means that they kill you and I mean it with that. The High Council has pulled that before so don’t you dare do any destruction towards the tube.” 
Jinks felt annoyance take hold blinked his eyes finding himself in the High Council’s throne room with Ajax nearby which he growled an annoyed sound as Shad spoke “Alright Ramses we get your point so transport Horus back now.”
He again felt himself back in the tube feeling his mind stopped scanning thrust his head towards only to feel pressure on it holding it back. He felt annoyance take hold again felt the pressure as he tried to thrust his head forwards. He shut his eyes feeling sleepy to dream of a grass cliff while standing on it wearing pants. 
He frowned thinking “I’m wondering what was going on?” 
Jinks wound up to feel a hand on his shoulder and looked to see himself with shorter hair and black clothing staring at him. 
Jinks frowned as he spoke sounding familiar “You’re a leader with servants serving you. Let your servants do the work in bettering your situation now. I suggest you do what I said for you’re a leader. Don’t forget that what leaders order servants obey and they’ll do it without question.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut came to finding himself still floating in the tube only to hear a glass breaking sound to find himself lying on metal floor and arms grabbed by gloved hands that felt humanoid than Falcons’ familiar hands. He jerked open his eyes as he was half dragged and half walked which he saw the hands’ owners were two masked Highlanders having mouths in thin lines. Jinks frowned as a third came into view and put a blindfold on covering his eyes and he felt himself still escorted by hands still on his arms. 
Jinks mentally spoke “Get me out of this situation now!”                   
He heard a meow and heard screams from the Highlanders all around him which he felt the hands’ holds gone. 
Jinks mentally spoke “Free me now!”    
He jerked as he felt the chains restraining him fell off and reached a hand towards the blindfold which he yanked off and felt his arms grabbed by the Falcons having gloves covering their hands while in the High Council’s throne room. Jinks eyed a servant standing in the room back to him. 
Jinks waved a hand “I mentally ordering the male’s heart organ to cease function.” saw the order obeyed while hearing an alarm sound sounding loudly. 
Jinks heard from Shad abruptly “Tell the truth Horus did you kill the servant?”
He clamped his mouth shut as Barry he saw walked into view speaking “The answer is yes, Jinks.  I expect you to say it. Don’t deny that you did that.” 
Jinks heard from Lance in response “Repeat what I’m going to say.”
He obeyed speaking “Yes I ended his life. You’ll find that his beater organ has stopped. I could have killed you any time I wanted but didn’t bother to do it despite being capable of doing it.” 
He heard from Shad “Ramses transport Horus into a tube.” 
He mentally spoke in response “Keep me out of a tube belonging to the High Council period unless medically unable to live.” 
He got from Ramses “Sorry High Council there’s a complication happening that I have to tell you. We found a Seer.” 
He heard from Onya “Transport that Seer to us now.” 
Jinks saw a light flash meter or two in front of him showing a male Human who looked at him with all white Shadonian eyes while wearing a grey robe with a belt around the waist. 
He eyed the male he assumed was called Seer who looked at the High Council and spoke sounding odd “My prophecy is not for the one dub Horus to hear.” 
He felt the Falcons released their holds on his arms and found himself in the brig belonging to the High Council along with a sick feeling inside him threw up repeatedly along with collapsing onto the floor. 
He gagged feeling himself choking as he heard Ramses’ voice speaking “The High Council order medical personal to attend to Horus in the brig and do what it takes to keep him alive period.” 
He felt sleepiness shut his eyes and felt he passing out unconscious. 

Jinks jerked open his eyes finding himself lying on some bed underneath a spotlight while wearing pants and a tank top that suspiciously felt like pajamas to him. He looked around and saw a familiar female come into view holding a syringe needle in her hand with a glare on her face. Jinks thrust out fist as she aimed the syringe at his arm and pushed her away from him. He heard her groan along with a bang sound that reminded him of a gate. He sat up finding that he was in a large open ceiling cage surrounded by darkness and swung his legs off the bed as the female he recognized as Katherine charged towards him. 
He spoke “You love me and you wouldn’t do what your doing, Katherine.” 
He got from Katherine who halted her charge while still holding the syringe “I don’t love you. I’m sick of lying to you about using you for my own purposes. I should have done this long ago.” 
Jinks spoke “I love you.” 
He got from Katherine “Well I don’t.” 
He smirked figuring out that Katherine was really a female Highlander wearing a mask of his wife’s face. 
Jinks spoke in some laughing tone as the female took a step towards him “You’re not Katherine.”
He got from the female “I am Katherine and don’t deny it now.” 
He gave up a burst of laughter which got the female to frown showing nervousness in her eyes as he added from memory flashing in his mind “Katherine always said these words whenever I said the words ‘I love you’ and it doesn’t matter if she’s angry at me or not for she always said them period.
I know that Highlanders can’t say it no matter how they try.” 
He got from the female a loud gasp along with her charging towards him which he sensed the Master in control waved a hand “I mentally ordering paralysis.” saw it hit home by the female collapsing onto the ground dropping the syringe. 
Jinks got up and went to the female to feel the back of her neck. Jinks felt the familiar hook and yanked off the mask only to feel a stinging pain on his left arm which he saw had a syringe jutting from it that was identical to the syringe he saw in her hands. 
He shifted towards the female to see she was a Highlander who got up from the floor speaking “Nice try but your powers can be blocked if you have them yourself.”
He fell to his knees seeing her eyes become black followed by the female giving off a laughing sound.
Jinks waved a hand “I mentally ordering her beater organ to stop.” seeing her arms were folded. 
He saw her roll her eyes and collapsed onto the floor while hearing a familiar alarm sound and felt himself feeling rage running through him. 
Jinks mentally spoke “Free me from the High Council’s hand hold and make sure it’s on a permanent basis without visits to them without my permission.” 
He felt sleepiness shut his eyes sliding to the floor and came to feel rumbling vibrations on his chest that felt familiar along with feeling himself in a familiar bed. Jinks jerked open his eyes to stare at the penthouse’s ceiling. Jinks raised his head to eye the cat sitting on his chest he saw was all black with green eyes and he stiffened sensing the gonoid was a male instead of the usual female he normally gets. He eyed the cat he figured he’ll call Sable for his black fur that got off of him to sit on haunches next to him. Jinks sat up and swung his legs off the bed to sense a light show along with Sable hissing very loudly in some angry tone. He looked at the light source to see that it was Barry who sat down in a chair and leaned back staring at him. 
Jinks narrowed his eyes staring at Barry who spoke “About time you got the lesson people have been trying to teach you to learn.” 
He didn’t comment in response heard Sable’s hissing get louder spoke “Cut it, Sable.”
He heard the hissing stop got from Barry “Sable? That’s an interesting name for him. It was assumed you would name him something else related to pen inks.” 
Jinks spoke “Barry, you know that I don’t like that name from being around me long enough.”
He stared at Barry who spoke “I get it your point, Jinks.” 
Jinks heard Barry speaking gibberish stiffened as an image of himself contained in a tube flashed in his mind along with appearing to be screaming despite tape covering the mouth with chained wrists and hands clenching into fists and unclenching back and forth and head up with neck bared. 
He continued to stiffen as the image persist flashing in his mind as he heard Barry speak not using gibberish “That’s why your not contained in a tube as ordered by the High Council, Jinks. You proved to be too dangerous to be contained even to the High Council, their servants and their machines.” 
Jinks blinked his eyes while staring at Barry who added “I’ll see you in the dining room.” 
He stared at Barry who got up from the chair and walked out of the room shutting doors behind him. Jinks heard a meow from Sable who got onto his lap rubbing his body on his front. He sighed and petted Sable then removed the cat feeling like needing to use the bathroom and its facilities went inside. 

Jinks came out dressed in black clothing consisted of dress pants, a buttoned top and black shoes over socks. He sighed from feeling himself better went to the bedroom doors yanking them open to frown seeing a blond male Highlander wearing a suit similar to a butler’s uniform standing there that appeared to look nervous before clearing throat loudly. Jinks glared at the Highlander that pointed a finger at his eyes and jabbed the finger at him. 
He sensed the Master in control willed it away to glare at the male who spoke sounding like composure regained “Master Jinks, I’m your butler McCork is the name.” 
He spoke “Who are the cook and servant serving me?”
He got from McCork he assumed he’ll call him “Ah the cook is dubbed Pirate by people, he’s always wearing an earring despite it not common for males to do that and the servant serving him is his sister Riella.” 
He spoke as McCork stopped talking “Well how do you stand my pet gonoid dub Sable hanging around here?”
He got from McCork “Ah by avoidance sir and interesting name calling him Sable. A version related to pen ink was assumed he’ll be called.” 
Jinks spoke “Just tell me is breakfast ready on the table for me.” 
He got from McCork “Actually I have to go into the kitchen to tell Pirate to take the food out of the warming drawer which Riella will bring it out. It wasn’t clear on when you’ll wake up sir. I also think that I’ll be doing that for awhile till its apparent your fine physically and mentally.” 
He didn’t comment in response walked away sensing McCork following him which he went to the dining table and sat down noticing Barry seated who appeared to have eyes shut with some concentration look on his face. Jinks frowned hearing the kitchen doors bang its noises ignored it to eye Barry who continued to keep his eyes shut and concentration look on his face. He heard the kitchen doors bang looked away to frown seeing a female humanoid wearing some dress with an apron while appearing to be a Hybrid of a Highlander and Human. Jinks noticed that her ears were cut similar style as Ajax who placed a tray on the table in front of him while giving him a glare look on her face. Jinks looked away and found himself hungry took his time eating the food feeling like he should be doing that instead of fast eating. He again took his time gulping down the drink then once done push aside the tray and folded his arms to see Riella he assumed take the tray and enter the kitchen. Jinks heard a throat clearing noise coming from Barry. 
Jinks looked at Barry who spoke “I see you met your new butler. Don’t mind McCork hanging around here as your servant. He was the only one found to be approved and qualified for the job.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as Barry continued “Ah as for your cat someone got it in their minds that you should have one and refused to take no for an answer when giving Sable to you. Accept him anyway, for he’ll give you lasting companionship and loyalty like you expect from him.” 
Jinks frowned hearing Barry’s words as the Builder again spoke sounding in gibberish which he stiffened getting the familiar image flashing in his mind along with sensing it was from someone’s eyesight by the position of where he was and the view. He continued to see the image appear to shake as if the person was off balanced that became quite violent as the tube he saw himself in shattered in pieces followed by he falling out of it landing onto the metal floor at the person’s feet. He continued to view he still having head up while shaking head making screaming motions and hands unclenching and clenching into fists repeatedly over and over as the eyesight tip tossed towards him to appear to kneel. He saw a black gloved hand come into view putting a hand on him self’s forehead and saw his body’s movements went still as the shaking stopped abruptly. Jinks frowned seeing that in his mind as it stopped and then he stared at Barry focusing on the Builder who had a serious expression on his face. 
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke “Yes, you get it what happened I was trying to get you to get it the lesson I’m teaching you.” 
He continued to frown as Barry kept talking “That scenario wasn’t the only place where destruction was caused by your elemental power of earthquakes. The High Council tried various methods to contain you asleep with similar destructive results happening. They haven’t figured out why you’re doing it despite you deep scanned by them to give an explanation.” 
He didn’t comment in response as Barry paused to give him a familiar glaring stare look which he spoke “Barry don’t expect me to know the answer either.” 
He got from Barry was the glare becoming more glaring along with the eyes narrowed and eyes turning golden. 
Jinks sighed softly and heard from Lance sounding in his mind “Jinks, just admit it that something spooked you enough to scream in terror while contained by the High Council that caused your powers to go off the meter.” 
He frowned hearing that mentally spoke “I don’t get it what you’re talking about for I don’t remember it.” 
He heard from Lance “Jinks how well you know yourself anyway?”
He stiffened hearing that question as the memory of himself contained in a tube flashed in his mind which he shut his eyes focusing himself to concentrate on the memory. He continued to see himself appearing to scream with head up while having hands unclenching and clenching. Jinks stiffened from memories of himself as a child and over the years grown up. His body was destroyed making that body motion when asleep having nightmares from time to time with time varies on them. 
He spoke out loud opening his eyes “I remember now, Barry something I dreamed spooked me enough to act out in fear physically while dreaming of the nightmare. I remember doing that body movement as a child repeatedly and this continued over the years even when I was grown up which it varied whenever it hits.”
He frowned to stare at Barry who continued to give him the glare along with golden eyes which he exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak “I’m not sure I remember what it is that spooked me.” 
He heard from Lance “Yes you do Jinks. You remember what it is and is in denial about it having never fully accepted it.” 
Jinks jerked as the memory of his dream flashed in his mind which he gave out a scream only to feel a hand covering his mouth abruptly cutting off his noises. Jinks widen his eyes along with feeling another hand on the top of his head keeping him in the chair. He fisted his hands and unclenched them shutting his eyes as the dream took its course in his mind seeing. Jinks seeing the dream went too fast for him to register then it stopped which he jerked open his eyes. Jinks felt the hands holds off of him to see that the hands belonged to Barry who sat down and stared at him with a glare on his face. 
He frowned as Barry spoke “You owe an explanation, Katherine and don’t deny it was you doing it to Jinks. I saw you very clearly doing that stunt to him.” 
He stiffened from Barry’s words as Barry gave him a glare which he heard from Lance “Ah I should have remembered that Charon could inhibit people to do things while in people’s bodies. One of them inhibited you causing that nightmare as a side effect to the inhibition making you screaming in terror while getting your earthquake power off the meter in the process as well.”
He heard from Barry sounding annoyed “Frankly I’m disappointed with your attitude towards Jinks which should be put aside now that you’re no longer in his life.” 
Jinks eyed Barry who continued to talk sounding like having a conversation with something hidden “Shouldn’t you be keeping an eye on your son, Robert? You never know when the High Council will pull something onto him.” 
He felt annoyance take hold glared at Barry willing the Master through and spoke as Barry paused “Leave Robert out of this conflict now and do the same with Victoria. Leave them out of this.” 
He got from Barry “I could have done what Jinks suggested towards his offspring but this latest stunt forced my hand so sorry both won’t be out of the conflict anyway.” 
Jinks snarled out feeling he angry “whose side are you on Barry, anyway?”
He got a golden eyed glare from Barry to hear from the Builder gibberish speaking and found he falling backwards onto metal floor to feel his arms grabbed by the Falcons’ familiar holds sensing that they were wearing gloves. 
He glared at the High Council to find Barry in vicinity who spoke “It was Katherine in her Charon form inhibiting Horus that caused him to have some bad dream enough to set him off repeatedly hence the damage.” 
He glared at Barry and heard from Shad “Interesting what do you recommend we do about this situation since it’s obvious that we can’t contain Horus thanks to the Charon’s interference?”
He got from Barry “Target his offspring and hit them hard.” 
Jinks yelled out “No! Leave them out of this now!”
His yelling was silenced by a hand gloved covering his mouth which he discovered belonged to Anubis who had ears flat on top of his head with eyes narrowed in a glare.
Jinks heard from Shad “Fine we’ll do what you recommend, Barry and will authorize it. Get Horus to the brig, Ramses.” 
He felt himself freed found the scene changed to show a familiar cell belonging to the High Council.
Jinks felt his knees weak crumbled to the ground to kneel wrapping arms around his middle while rocking his form mumbling the names over and over “Robert. Victoria.” 
He stiffened as the image of himself still in the tube screaming flashed in his mind which he halted his rocking to focus on it shutting his eyes mentally forcing himself to relieve it. 
He got from Lance abruptly “Argh that father of mine. I said some nasty things to him that he took it hard. He is angry at me hence he retaliating by letting the High Council targeting your offspring or should I say my offspring since it’s my body you’re inhibiting.”
Jinks stiffened in response continued to concentrate on the image of he screaming in a tube flashing in his mind mentally willing himself to focus on it due to sensing something was odd about the situation. 
He continued to hear from Lance “Humph even the Meritanians are finding this funny and their laughing again growl.”
Jinks jerked open his eyes gasping as he realized what Lance was saying and spoke uncaring if he spoken it out loud or not “It was the Meritanians who pulled this stunt onto me not Katherine in her Charon form.”
He heard in response “You hear that Meritanians? You can’t pull anything over me for I’ll always know of it no matter what stunt you pulled. It’s a no wonder the High Council have me serving them. You have been repeatedly pulling jokes onto them which they have fallen for it only to regret it later.” 
He gasped recognizing the voice as Barry’s shift towards the cell gate to spot Barry behind them flaring golden eyes while having a High Council member standing next to him his senses blared telling “It was Ajax.” 
He stared at Barry with a frown as he heard Ramses’ voice sounding in his mind “Oh what spoilsport your being Barry. Can’t you take a joke around here and let it slide?”
He eyed Barry who spoke “Humph, I don’t find this funny Ramses. Your joke ruined the High Council’s plans for Horus now that they’ll have to figure something else for him.” 
Jinks frowned standing up as he heard from Ramses “Yeow! Can’t you take a joke around here High Council? Why must Barry ruin our fun anyway? Harrumph.” 
He heard from Lance “Hah I think that joke was well played, Jinks hence you out of being contained in some tube.” 
He stiffened to frown keeping his arms folded and turned to face Barry and Ajax which he heard from his son “What did Predecessor say to you father? Don’t deny it I can sense him talking to you.” 
He kept his mouth shut in response got from Barry “Let me guess he said that the Meritanians’ joke was well played as in them purposely pulling that stunt to get you out of containment and from a tube as well.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as he heard from Ajax “Argh the High Council isn’t going to be happy hearing about this.”
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke in gibberish followed by Ajax appearing to be getting a headache by the movements then straighten up form to stare at him back who he felt confused as to what the Builder did. He continued to frown as Barry continued to speak gibberish followed by Ajax disappearing in a flash of light followed by the lights above abruptly shutting themselves off with night vision flaring in his eyes. 
Jinks stared at Barry who spoke “You’re not the only ones who’s manipulating things around here. Besides the First Ones have a saying keep your friends close and your enemies closer. Just be warned I’m doing what it takes to have my purposes achieved period. I don’t care if they agree with the High Council and their views or not. My purposes will be achieved period.” 
He opened his mouth and got from Barry speaking gibberish who disappeared in a flash of light followed by the lights turning on above which he saw masked Highlanders appear into view by flashes of light holding gun weapons in their hands that were thrust in front of them waving it. He kept his mouth shut in response went to the mattress to sit down back leaning against the wall eyes on the Highlanders who ran out of sight. 
Jinks frowned felt sleepy heard from Lance “I want to talk to you.”  
He shut his eyes and dreamed of facing Lance who thrust his form sideways facing the Meritanians which he sensed a light show off his right to see Ajax standing there glare on his face. 
Jinks frowned as Ajax spoke “Spill it Predecessor how you roped the Meritanians into doing your dirty work as in that well played joke to free my father from containment?”
Jinks stiffened hearing that as he heard from Lance “Hah I’m not taking responsibility for that stunt Ajax. I’m putting it on the Meritanians.”
He eyed Ramses to hear from the Meritanian “Hey don’t you dare do that or else.” 
He saw Ramses point a finger at Lance which he heard from Ajax as he focused on his son “Humph. No wonder. The High Council can’t scan my mind and see what really going on that you had got some hold on the Meritanians to block them out. It was you who manipulated this stunt and believe me I’ll find out how you got Barry underneath your thumb for whatever secret you have I’ll find out period.” 
He spoke “Ajax, what do you mean Barry is serving my father when its obvious he’s serving the High Council by showing loyalty towards them in my presence?”
He heard a Humph from Lance as Ajax spoke “Isn’t it obvious that Barry is playing what you First Ones calls Double Agent as in playing both sides father.” 
He frowned hearing that as Ajax continued talking “I should tell you that I did some research. There’s report of unexplained sabotage done to the High Council. The acts started the moment Barry wound up serving the group too many cycles ago. Isn’t it obvious that Barry is playing both sides manipulating things around here?”
He again heard the same familiar sound from Lance spoke “Then why aren’t the Meritanians aren’t blabbing about this?”
He heard from Ramses “Don’t you dare put this joke onto us smarty.” 
He shifted to look at Ramses who had a finger pointed in his direction which he heard Ajax speak as the Meritanian folded his arms “Actually didn’t a certain somebody oath that the High Council will stop torturing the Meritanians? I did my research on the machines done to torture the Meritanians. Their pretty damaged from the earthquakes set off by my father repeatedly. The High Council think their still working by the Meritanians giving off noises of pain some machinery sensor rigged by a certain somebody to tell the plants that their on.” 
He got from Lance “Oh force his eyes shut now.”
Jinks obeyed to turn facing Lance who spoke “Alright I admit it I oath to the Meritanians that there was a way of stopping the pain torture done on them. They believed me when it’s apparent that your earthquakes stopped the pain.”
He heard Ramses’ familiar question felt his eyes forced shut to come to finding himself lying in bed wearing pants and a tank top that felt like pajamas with Sable no where in sight along with a faint female voice speaking “Jinks, help me.”
Jinks sat up and looked around the room as the voice continued which he jerked when he saw a female Charon kneeling on the floor looking solid with form looking like cracks all over while having arms wrapped around her form. He stiffened darted out of bed and ran towards her putting hands on her face to feel the skin crack away showing a familiar female face he saw with recognition was Katherine. 
Jinks spoke “Katherine?”
He heard from Katherine “Yes Jinks it’s me.” 
He spoke “I love you.” 
Katherine he hugged spoke “I love you too Jinks.” 
He hugged her and the let go to push off the cracked skin showing her form looking the same as her form on her deathbed dying from cancer. Jinks hugged her again and felt Katherine stiffen. 
He looked at Katherine in the face and felt her hands touching his cheeks followed by her kissing him on the lips which he heard Lance’s familiar words speaking “Her baby carrier has been removed.” 
Jinks broke off the kiss to speak “Katherine your back and that’s all that matters to me.” 
He saw a stricken look on Katherine’s face stiffened as she spoke in a voice that chilled him “I think not, not by how I’m feeling for I suspect the cancer is still there.” 
He didn’t protest as she kissed him and then felt her break it off to add “Hug me Jinks.” 
Jinks obeyed hugging her sensing her life slipping away as her breathing got lesser and lesser which he felt himself getting angry as she slowly slipped away and sensed no life from within her body. He felt rage take control gently removed Katherine off of him and stood up staring at her shaking his head in a Human style no gesture. He felt the rage take control charged towards the armchair picking it up and threw it at the closet doors seeing them shatter at the impact. He picked up the other armchair and again aimed at the closet’s opening hearing a loud crunch from that. He blinked his eyes finding himself transported in the High Council’s throne room to feel his arms grabbed by the Falcons. Jinks willed the Master through to mentally order his body to charge with electricity and felt the Falcons’ hold give away by them giving out awks sounds as he charged towards Anubis who faded from view he sensed had escaped leaving the room. Jinks willed away the electricity and went to one of the unconscious Falcons and kneeled bringing his fist into the gonoid head warrior’s front not caring where his fist landed but kept on punching as rage continued to control him. He heard cracking sounds that reminded him of bone crunching felt softness went to the other Falcon and punched hard along with hearing the familiar noises till he sensed a presence behind him spun around bringing a hand fist in front of him onto the intruder. He felt the fist hit home along with a thud which he got up and darted towards the noise to find a masked Highlander appearing to be unconscious in front of the wall which he picked up by the neck and again brought his fist into the male’s front not caring where the hand fisted landed. He sensed another presence behind him seemingly familiar released the Highlander to turn around in fast move throwing a fist into the intruder’s front he met was a High Council member his senses blared.
Jinks ignored the senses’ blaring to see the High Council member hit the wall high above him and heard a familiar voice speaking “Ramses transport Barry here and have him take care of Horus for the latest stunt he’s pulling.” 
Jinks turned around facing the High Council and darted towards them as Ramses’ voice was heard along with headache “Sorry High Council, Barry is some what occupied at the moment with some Builders attacking him who by mind scans would be abusive towards me if I used my transportation power on him.” 
He broke into a jog towards the speakers to head towards them seeing them raise their weapons aimed at him. 
Jinks mentally ordered his body to charge of electricity as he mentally spoke “I’m going to kill you. You’ll pay for Katherine’s suffering.” 
He reached the speakers to throw his hands unclenched onto their arms and felt the electricity take effect knocking them out and darted towards the High Council who got up from their seats meeting his charge as he cancelled the electricity. Jinks used karate to defend himself as he noticed one of them dart down the steps appearing to be heading out of the room. He felt himself grabbed in tight ironclad holds by the High Council members as he growled and felt the rage go away abruptly leaving sadness hitting him. Jinks opened his mouth and screamed a roaring echoing very loud cry of anguish. 
He continued to scream nonsense sounds while screaming out “Katherine!” over and over feeling he terribly sad. 
He felt the High Council’s hold on him slip off of him along with multiple cracking sounds heard which he continued to scream out his noises. Jinks kneeled still screaming putting hands on his forehead as tears flowed abruptly running down from his eyes. He continued to cry and scream as he sensed a presence seemingly familiar and comforting him coming towards him. 
Jinks hearing the words “Ay Kabaiya” said over and over in a familiar voice tone. 
Jinks felt he comforted but kept on screaming. He felt the presence behind him kneel and then there were familiar hands touching him pulling him to a body form that felt like a male. Breathing was sensed along with a hand covering his mouth cutting off his noises. 
He heard the chanting stop felt the hand over his mouth become tight which he didn’t protest to that mentally spoke figuring out that the male was Barry “Help me, Barry. I can’t take it Katherine’s death again.”
He felt a needle prick of pain in his neck felt sleepiness shut his eyes surrendering to the darkness hitting him. 

Jinks woke up hearing a banging noise that suspiciously sounded like a cane tapping. He jerked open his eyes finding himself lying in a cell belonging to the High Council. He sat up and got up from the mattress with a jerk finding he still clad in his clothes but there was metal felt on his form on his ankles, wrists, and neck. Jinks frowned to hear a throat clearing noise looked to see Barry standing behind the cell gates. 
He stared at Barry sensing the Master was still in control as the Builder spoke “Humor me why are you in this cell wearing restraints hmm?”
He got Barry’s familiar glaring stare along with golden eyes which he recalled a memory hitting his mind that he attacked the High Council and servants causing injury to them and possibly death as well. 
Jinks spoke “I got some memory of me attacking the High Council’s servants and the High Council themselves causing medical conditions and that’s all I remember.” 
He stared at Barry who kept the glaring stare as he heard from Lance “Admit it what you were feeling when the attack happened and what caused you to be like that.” 
Jinks stiffened as a memory of Katherine coming back from being a Charon form flashed in his mind along with her dying in front of him that made him feel angry and he recalled attack fully.
He spoke “I was in bed asleep when I woke up abruptly to hear a faint female voice sounding familiar call me. I sat up and saw a sick Charon and darted towards her. Her form was solid and cracking in pieces which I removed the mask to reveal her as Katherine my wife who I love dearly that passed away many years ago. I thought I had her back but reality set in when she indicated that the cancer she died from didn’t get healed up and she passed away held in my arms.”
He saw Barry nod his head in a Human style bob but glaring stare remained which he added “I got very angry enough to feel rage to cause the attack. I admit it that I did stop feeling angry when the High Council had me in their hand grips and felt a terrible sadness feeling enough to scream over and over. I kept screaming as the High Council lost their grips on me till someone’s presence that I felt familiar arrived and felt comforting enough to help the pain held me and cut off my screaming. 
I also remember saying mentally while held in this comforting presence ‘Help me Barry. I can’t take it Katherine’s death again’.”
He folded his arms while staring at Barry whose eyes appeared to widen with some expression that reminded him of shock in them as he clamped his mouth shut. Jinks felt pain hitting him from the restraints refrained from making any movements as he felt his arms grabbed by familiar gloved hands and frowned seeing he was in the High Council’s throne room with Barry nearby that looked away from him face aimed at the High Council. 
Jinks looked and frowned seeing only one member was there standing on the steps his senses blared telling him “Its Ajax who appeared to be wearing some listening device.” which he heard “High Council, Horus is here as ordered so talk and I’ll tell him what you want done.”             
He eyed the chairs behind Ajax to see that they were empty of people and shifted back to Ajax who spoke “Says what you have to say about making up the matter of this Katherine?”
Jinks stiffened hearing that heard in response sounding from Barry “This Katherine was no joke but reality.” 
He continued to stiffen as Ajax repeated Barry’s words which Barry added speaking in gibberish then cut himself off. He eyed Ajax who yanked off the ear device holding it arm length away from him which he heard faint screaming sounds that sounded in terror to him. 
He frowned as Ajax spoke in the microphone of the device “Hello? What’s going on in there? Say something anyway!”
He frowned as he felt the Falcons release their holds on his arms and felt the restraints flick off of him. He found himself back in his bedroom in the penthouse which he eyed the floor seeing where Katherine had passed away was bare and clean of any debris. He exhaled a breath to feel a familiar feeling which he ignored to feel his knees weak collapsed onto them only to sense a light show along with a hand touching his shoulder. 
Jinks sighed sensing the hand’s owner was Barry who spoke “Jinks get up and go to bed now.” 
He heard the firmness in Barry’s voice tone obeyed as Barry removed his hand. He lay in bed staring at the ceiling to feel Barry’s hand touching his forehead in some gentle rubbing motion. Jinks willed the Darkness through as if compelled to yank Barry’s hand off his forehead and got up from the bed in a fast speed move to walk passed Barry seeing a masked male Highlander having a projectile gun weapon away behind the Builder both having forms frozen. Jinks continued to feel the compulsion went to the Highlander and aimed the gun at the male’s chest sensing there was nothing to prevent the bullet from entering the masked person’s front. Jinks pulled the trigger which he darted towards his bed and laid his form on it along with putting Barry’s hand back onto his forehead and stared at the ceiling while willing the Darkness away from him. Jinks blinked his eyes hearing a gunshot sound very loudly which he felt Barry’s hand off him abruptly then back onto him gripping his chin to aim his face towards the Builder. 
Jinks shifted his eyes and frowned seeing a look of disappointment in Barry’s eyes who mouthed words he lip read “You should have sacrificed me, Jinks. The High Council now have a trump card and believe me they’ll use it hard.” 
Jinks stiffened as Barry’s hand left his chin and forced his eyes shut which he dreamed of Lance whose arms were folded and head bowed which he continued to stiffen seeing that there were tears flowing from his father’s eyes. 
He spoke “It wasn’t me who kept Barry alive it was you.”
Jinks got nothing from Lance who continued to silently weep tears which he brought a hand on his father’s shoulder who looked at him abruptly followed by an angry look on the male’s face who forced his eyes shut without warning. Jinks felt he passing out unconscious to come to hearing a ringing noise which he jerked open his eyes finding himself in the High Council’s throne room restrained by the Falcons again. 
He straightened his form to see Barry looking at him with some glare that flashed golden eyes which made him stiffen as he saw the Builder’s mouth move “Believe it as the truth now.” 
He frowned as Barry looked away which he heard a familiar voice speaking “Ah Horus so nice of you to join us.” 
Jinks looked and saw instead of Ajax but a female form covered up in a robe of a High Council member his senses blared warning as the female removed her hood showing a familiar face that made him stiffen with recognition running through him. 
He saw that she was Katherine who spoke “It’s a shame you were fooled into thinking I was your Katherine when I was really a copy version of her actually created by the High Council who is assured of something. You’ll forever serve them as payment for the assassination of a group and their servants.” 
Jinks felt himself go dead hearing that opened his mouth to feel a hand gloved covering it which he sensed was Anubis that held the hand over it in a tight grip. He shook his head in a Human style no gesture while jerking his form still restrained by the Falcons whose grips remained ironclad. 
He got from Katherine’s copy twin “It’s going to be interesting having you around here Horus or should I say Jinks Montreal aka assassin servant of the High Council dubbed Jihad?”
Jinks mentally screamed while jerking in the holds of Anubis and the Falcons as Katherine’s copy twin gave a laugh followed by her speaking “Ramses put him in the brig as ordered by the High Council now before he hurts himself.” 
He felt the hand holds off of him sensed himself back in the High Council’s brig kneeling while putting arms around his middle gently rocking his form as tears spilled down from his eyes while murmuring the name “Katherine!” 
Jinks sensed himself watched ignored the feeling as he continued to rock his form while crying and speaking out the name “Katherine!” 
He heard a voice sounding familiar speaking in a firm tone he recognized as Barry’s and felt himself registering the words “Take a look you bitch at what your deal bargain has done to him.  Oh he’ll pay for the group’s deaths but you’re the price tag for it.” 
He halted his rocking and name noises to hear Katherine’s familiar voice speak “Barry, so you show your true colors.” 
He looked at the cell doors to see Barry and Katherine’s copy twin there behind it and eyed the Builder who spoke “What true colors? 
You weren’t there when he said ‘Help me Barry. I can’t take it Katherine’s death.’ 
I got no instructions on what I’m supposed to do when one of my own offspring speaks the words of ‘Help me’ to me. 
You know I have a certain fondness towards my own offspring especially Horus is one of my own offspring as well. What should I have done then? Tell me.”
He shifted to eye Katherine’s copy twin who formed a glare on her face and she spoke “Well ignored that ‘Help me’ begging and used your parental authority to cease it period. 
You are really what the First Ones dub ‘Sucker.’ when it comes to offspring. 
That’s from their pathetic attempts to get attention from their own parents.”
Jinks felt himself angry got up in a fast speed move and sensed the Master still in control raised a hand mentally ‘I’m ordering Katherine’s copy twin to choke.” seeing the order obeyed by her grabbing her neck and gagging loudly. 
He narrowed his eyes to open his mouth to speak only to hear Barry speaking “Jinks, let her go now! I insist as your parent you obey me now!”
He growled an angry sound very loudly as Barry continued speaking voice firmer “I said let her go now!”
He felt himself not compelled to obey stared at Katherine’s copy twin who stared at him back with anger in her eyes that changed to some pleading look which he again heard Barry repeat his words as he halted his growling “Jinks, let her go now!” 
Jinks stared at Katherine’s copy twin and mentally spoke “I mentally willed away the choking.” to hear Barry speaking “Karissa, you just wait till you have offspring yourself. You’ll know what I’m feeling since you still have a baby carrier within you anyway.” 
He frown hearing the name of Karissa to sense it was Katherine’s copy twin’s name that looked away and gave up a spitting sound and turned her back to the Builder and appeared to walk away. Jinks heard Barry’s voice speaking gibberish in response. Jinks sensed a light show off his right looked to see Karissa with back to him that pause from walking to move her head and spun around with widen eyes.
Karissa speaking “Barry, you wouldn’t dare!”
He again heard gibberish from Barry felt himself getting hard heard a gasp from Karissa as he stared at her and smiled an evil sick smile at her and spoke as she stared at him with widen eyes “Well, well what do we have here a piece of meat I’m itching to sample.” 
He got a scream from Karissa followed by her speaking “Barry, get me out of here now!”
Jinks advanced towards Karissa who backed away still screaming her words “Barry, get me out of here now!” with sounding like she was screaming nonsense sounds followed by being quiet along with rubbing her throat with a hand. 
He again heard gibberish spoken from Barry as he in a quick speed grabbed Karissa and threw her onto the mattress onto her back and stripped her of her robe showing her naked form who showed fear in her eyes with form still and breathing hard. Jinks stripped himself of his tank top and his pants to see Karissa’s eyes appear to look him up and down along with some expression of shock in them as she moved her mouth. 
Jinks lip read her saying “Oh my.” over and over. 
He laid his form on top of Karissa thrusting aside her legs and grabbing her wrists to hear Barry’s voice speaking “Don’t be rough on her, Jinks. Treat her gently.” 
He looked away towards Barry behind the bars and spoke “Shouldn’t you be elsewhere? This is not a peep show.” 
He got from Barry a yellowed eyed glare who spoke “Alright treat Karissa anyway you want just to let me stay here.” 
Jinks looked away and held Karissa’s wrists which he brought his mouth to her throat and kissed the area sensing her liking it as he felt charges of pleasure hitting him. He went lower and lowered kissing a path with his mouth and kept his hold on her wrists sensing no protest from Karissa who he eyed was staring at the ceiling with eyes open. Jinks sensed Karissa arched underneath him as he brought a mouth to one of her nipples sucking on it gently and did the same to her other breast’s nipple which he kissed a path to her lips. He heard nothing from Lance as he kissed Karissa on the lips sensing her doing the same from him along with her legs locking around him. He broke off the kiss to stare at Karissa in the eyes and willed the Master away from him to see a frown and a scrutiny look in her eyes staring at him. Jinks entered Karissa with his sensitive part sensing a barrier blocking the way. He continued to hold Karissa’s wrists sensing her stiffen along with her legs releasing their hold around him to see a panicky look on her face. He with a jerk thrust through the barrier pushing he through up to the hilt to see Karissa jerk her head up baring her neck while feeling her arch underneath him sensing her in pain and in pleasure at the same time. Jinks stilled himself eyeing Karissa’s face to sense Barry watching as he stared at Karissa who lowered her head eyes still shut showing a range of emotions on her face followed by them opening with an angry look on her face with eyes not looking at him. 
He frowned as Karissa mouthed “Argh the High Council, they lied to me about this. Said I’ll suffer being in the depths.”
He frowned and saw Karissa frown eyes registering seeing he by meeting his eyes felt her stiffen underneath him with some familiar look in the eyes along with sensing something familiar from her and her body. He didn’t comment a response began moving in and out of Karissa sensing her liking it as he felt charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her while still staring at her in the eyes seeing them urge him to continue. Jinks jerked spilling himself inside Karissa feeling an intense charge of pleasure hitting him that made him again do another round of mating with her as her eyes shift to stare at the ceiling showing a far away look in them. Jinks spilled himself inside Karissa but adjusted his hands’ holds on her wrists to her hands feeling her grip them in response as he stared at her staring at the ceiling. 
He heard from Barry abruptly “That’s enough Jinks. You had your fun so get out of her now.” 
Jinks shifted to look at Barry with a glare and spoke “Fine as you wish, father.” 
He looked away making a motion to pull out only to feel Karissa’s hands tighten their grips on his hands. 
Jinks stared at Karissa who met his eyes who mouthed “I love you, Jinks.”    
He stiffened to lower his head to Karissa’s ear and whispered “I love you too.” 
He felt Karissa’s hands’ hold off him and pulled out of Karissa to get up going to his clothes putting them on while sensing himself eyed by both Barry and her. He stood with arms folded staring at the floor hearing a groan noise from Karissa that sounded familiar and eyed her appearing to be unconscious which he heard Barry’s familiar gibberish and saw her disappear in a flash of light. 
Jinks spoke “Let me know how she makes out, out of that and the offspring is doing too.” 
He heard nothing from Barry looked away to see he was gone out of sight and spoke out loud “It figures he transported the both of them out. Oh well.” 
He heard from Lance abruptly “Jinks don’t worry Barry got it what you said. He has admitted to being tuned to me when I first had the body form and that’s when he first came to Shadan. That sense is always there and he’s always watching mentally period. It doesn’t matter who has the body you or me for he always knows what we’re both up to.”
Jinks stiffened hearing Lance’s words, mentally spoke “Don’t tell me that the High Council is aware of that hence they using him to check up on me anytime they ask.” 
He heard in response “That’s what I’m trying to find out after Barry admitted that sense to me back then after I woke up from being knocked out in some battle.”
His senses blared telling him “Lance lied” mentally spoke “That was a lie so tell me the truth now.” 
He heard nothing from Lance mentally yelled “Father tell me the truth!”
He heard in response “Busy don’t disturb.” 
Jinks mentally spoke “Don’t give me that! I thought the Meritanians couldn’t scan your mind for you said it yourself!”
He heard nothing in response felt himself annoyed to go to the mattress to sit on it back leaning against the wall with arms still folded while staring at the cell gate.  He felt sleepiness shut his eyes only to come too hearing a loud clang sound jerked looking at the cell gates to smell food. His stomach rumbled in hunger from the smell which he sighed and found food in dishware on a tray along with some black items nearby that made him think that they were clothes and shoe wear. He got up and went to the tray to sit down in front of it and forced himself to take his time taking in the nourishment. He felt that the food was familiar and similar to his own food he was given while he lived at the penthouse. He once done got up and examined the clothes to see that the pile included underwear shorts and socks which he stripped himself of his clothes and put on the black clothes he saw were some kind of jumpsuit which he put on. Jinks put on the shoes he saw were some kind of high topped sneakers which he found no trouble with the Velcro and shoelaces. Jinks exhaled a breath feeling his hair and sighed figuring out that there’ll be nothing for him to do anything about how messy his hair was. He stiffened as he felt hands grab his arms in tight ironclad holds he sensed the hands belonged to the Falcons. He found himself in the High Council’s throne room facing the High Council themselves with speakers present along with noticing Ajax there but didn’t see Barry. 
He felt nothing towards the High Council as Shad spoke “We have a mission for you Horus. It involves Karissa having your offspring. I believe you know what to do about that actually.” 
He didn’t comment as the Falcons’ holds were off him followed by multiple gasping sounds which he saw two Highlanders kneeling on the floor near Karissa wearing only a blanket on her form with abdomen bared and so swollen. 
He got from one of the medical scrubbed Highlanders was the word “Horus.” as the other spoke “He’s real.” 
Jinks went to Karissa in response to kneel picking up her hand and gave the Highlanders a glare which he jerked his head towards her seeing them look in response. 
He eyed the Highlanders as one of them spoke “Yah looks like its time.”
Jinks verbalized the word “Push!” over and over as he looked at Karissa while gently holding her hand.
Jinks glanced from her face towards the area where the baby was gently being born as one of the Highlanders attended to help her by pulling the baby. He sensed Karissa obeying to his push order by her hand grip become tight on his hand’s grip. Some concentration look on her face which he eyed the baby to see it born and saw it was a girl who wailed a loud noise. 
Jinks sighed hearing a soft groan from Karissa sensed a light flash behind him followed by a voice sounding Highlander speaking “High Council orders the family to return to them.” 
He lifted up Karissa seeing the Highlander wearing medical scrubs hand the baby girl to a masked Highlander he saw was a High Council servant and blinked his eyes finding the scene changed to find he in the brig still holding Karissa. He eyed the cell gate to see Anubis behind it with Falcons standing nearby. He heard from Anubis a growl followed by the cell gate clanging partially open. 
Jinks didn’t comment as Anubis spoke in a loud whisper “The High Council orders me to take Karissa for medical examination.”
He formed a glare on his face as Anubis continued “Believe me I don’t want to touch her, she’s yours alone.” 
He didn’t comment in response walked out of the cell and handed Karissa to Anubis who faded from view. Jinks heard growling from the Falcons and felt himself thrust to turn around along with pushed into the cell followed by the cell gate clanging behind him. Jinks went to sit down on the mattress and leaned his back on the wall staring at his hands on his lap. 
He felt himself tired shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who spoke “Karissa according to Ramses was thinking of naming the offspring if it was a male the name of Robert and if female the name of Victoria.” 
He frowned stiffening hearing that as Lance continued talking “Actually the High Council was overheard saying that they’ll name the offspring rudely commenting ‘Karissa wasn’t original with the names she thought of for the child.’” 
He felt his eyes forced shut felt himself passing out to come to hearing a loud clang which he jerked open his eyes to discover Karissa in the cell with him wearing a blue dress he recognized was Master Organization Peasant wear. 
Jinks got up and stared at Karissa who spoke “I’ve been diagnosed with cancer.”    
His senses blared telling him she lie spoke “Liar you lie.” 
He got from Karissa “Jinks, this is the first time you accused Katherine of lying. I know from memories of her that you never accused her of that.” 
Jinks folded his arms and spoke as Karissa gave him a frown “Katherine lied to me various times over the years she stayed with me.” 
He heard “How did you know that she was lying? Why didn’t you confront her on that?”
He spoke “I can like the Shadonia detect lies.” 
He saw Karissa’s expression remained the same showing she wasn’t surprised by his admission which he added “You want to tell me why Katherine lies to me? I never confronted her for I was afraid of hurting her enough to stop loving me in answer to your question.”
He heard a sigh from Karissa who spoke “She wanted to confront you on your power abilities as in you giving her a full report on what they were but was afraid of doing it. Katherine thought you would be hurt from that confrontation and stop loving her. From memories of her she used various methods to test you on your strength and power abilities something Robert caught on and confronted her when he was the First One age of fifteen. It was the reason why he asked to be dubbed legally emancipated from being raised by the both of you. He didn’t want to undergo any of Katherine’s tests he figured out was pulling on you and preferred his mother to confront his father on them instead of doing various testing methods.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath from his mouth hearing Karissa’s words that went to him yanking his folded arms and then hugged him which he sighed from the feel of her. 
He felt Karissa, sensing him agree to her hugging him, tightened her hold and heard the cell gate clang open followed by a Highlander voice speaking in some rude tone “Karissa get out now.”    
Jinks looked at the cell gate to find a masked Highlander there as he sensed Karissa stop hugging him who he watched her leave going out of sight followed by the masked Highlander making a jerking motion with the head and the cell gate slammed shut with a bang sound.  He felt tired went to the mattress and laid his form down on it shutting his eyes and passed out unconscious to dream of Lance who had an all black eyed glare. 
Jinks felt he nervous as Lance spoke pointing to his eyes “What have you been naming this that makes eyes look like this anyway? I call it Source but I sense you refer it as something else.” 
He spoke “I’ve been referring it as Master.” 
He still felt nervousness as Lance gave up a harrumph sound before his father spoke “The feeling of itchiness in your back when you use that method what do you call it since I refer it as Itchy?”
Jinks spoke “I call it Darkness that it gives me the creeps to use it despite the itchiness in my back.” 
He again felt nervous as Lance narrowed his eyes and then his father spoke “Interesting choice of words to name those methods.” 
He heard Ramses’ familiar question felt his eyes forced shut only to come to hearing a ringing sound. Jinks jerked open his eyes and found himself in the High Council’s throne room restrained by the Falcons. He straightened up his form to see the High Council was seated in their seats with the speakers in front of them meters away on top of a set of steps. 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Shad spoke as an image of a male Human wearing a suit flashed in front of the speakers “This is your target to assassinate. Ramses will transport you to a location near the target and you will assassinate him in any method you wish.” 
Jinks opened his mouth and felt his head covered by a mask that reminded him of a ski mask as he sensed Anubis was the one who placed it on his head. 
He narrowed his eyes in a glare at the High Council as Onya spoke “We’ll set aside you assassinating a group of us if you serve us as an assassin period or else.”
He heard from Lance sounding in his mind “Just go along with that. You don’t want to suffer what the ‘or else’ is actually and be sure to will the Master through now.” 
He felt confusion hitting him as Lance continued “I mean it Jinks.” 
He willed the Master through as Shad spoke “Ramses transport Horus to the location now.” 
He felt the Falcons’ holds off him and found himself on a porch facing a forest at night, house behind him, he sensed illuminated by the lights and heard howling sounds that reminded him of dogs that sounded in warning to him. Jinks turned around towards the doors to put a hand on the doorknob sensing it was locked which he backed up using the Master’s powers to see inside from above. He saw no one in sight and sensed it was a lighted by lamp bedroom which he used his powers to open the doors and walked inside looking around spotting no one in sight. He felt annoyance take hold eyed the bed to see the blankets were rumbled and shifted to look towards the bottom of the bed to see a hand underneath it. Jinks figured was a Human his target went to the bed and with great strength tipped it on its side to feel a humanoid body connect with him knocking him backwards. Jinks hit the floor and threw he up in a karate move to meet his targeted Human charged towards him. Jinks waved a hand mentally ordering paralysis to hit the Human seeing his order obeyed who lay still head shaking with mouth moving. 
Jinks eyed the male’s mouth to lip read “Whoever sent you to kill me I’ll pay you double the amount that they said they’ll pay you just to keep me alive.” 
He didn’t respond to the comment ignored the male’s moving mouth further to mentally order the male to choke hearing a gasping sound come from him as there were door banging sounds, he heard along with a feminine voice screaming out in terror along with doors banging shut. He heard a siren sound blaring ignored the sound along with multiple banging sounds then a hissing sound of air coming into the room with smoke filling that made him feel like coughing. He mentally ordered the choking and paralysis away from the male and went to the porch doors to find metal sitting where they were. Jinks waved a hand and saw the metal lifted up which he darted out onto the porch gasping for air and felt sleepiness saw the ground change to show something that reminded him of a mattress and collapsed onto it feeling himself too sleepy to stay awake shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feeling himself fully naked stripped of clothes and mask while lying on a bed wearing manacles on his wrists and ankles with his arms above his head. Jinks jerked open his eyes and looked around the room finding he in a familiar round room that belonged to the High Council. He saw a door open followed by Karissa coming into the room wearing some bathrobe that dropped it and went to him straddling him. His senses blared telling him that Karissa wasn’t really Karissa but someone else wearing a mask of her judging by her body form not looking like hers. 
He spoke sensing the Master in control “You’re not Karisssa.”    
Jinks glared at the female he assumed was a Highlander who shrugged and removed the face showing his hunch was correct and watched her tossed aside the mask. 
He glared at her as she spoke holding up a rolled piece of paper and unrolled it to thrust it at his face “I believe this is a paper version of the electronic document you signed agreeing to be a breeder for the High Council.” 
He gave up a growling sound as the female tossed aside the paper and folded her arms while staring at him with a glare. 
Jinks halted his noises as he spoke “I mate with Karissa alone period so get off or I’ll shock you off.” 
He heard from the female in response “Argh Horus this mating isn’t for breeding but to help you heal from a drug that was found in your system mating with a Highlander can only get your body to remove that medicine out. Satisfied?”
He glared at the female sensing her words were the truth spoke “I don’t mate just single with a female its always double period and don’t blame me for that-“
He was interrupted “I know of that Horus. Excuse me.” 
He glared at the female who adjusted her position and felt he entering her and didn’t say a word as she rocked him despite him feeling charges of pleasure each time he entered her and spilling inside her as well. Jinks kept his mouth shut as the female again did another round of mating with him and again felt the familiar feelings each time he entered her and spilled inside her followed by. Once done she getting up from him and going to her bathrobe to put on and left the room door slamming behind her. He felt the chains break apart sighed to get up and swung his legs off the bed rubbing his wrist with a hand. He felt an odd feeling hitting him heard a clanging noise behind him stood up and looked to see an object that looked like a pail lying on its side like it was dropped from the ceiling. 
He heard from Lance “Jinks use that thing for the sickness your feeling now.” 
He obeyed going to the pail to right it up on its bottom then felt a familiar urge sighed and stood over the pail rolling his eyes feeling himself removing toxins from his system that seemed lengthy. He sighed once done to hear another clanging noise behind him to see another pail with an object sitting on top of it figured what it was for went to it and again released the toxins within him. He once done wrinkle his nose from the stink and felt too tired to bother going to the bed to sit down which he sat on the floor crossed legged and made sure to face the door. He felt sleepiness sighed and adjusted his position to lie on his side and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks heard a bang sound jerked open his eyes his nose smelling food which he found himself back in the High Council’s cell wearing his familiar assassin wear clothes and shoes on his form head bare of mask. He sighed and got up going to the tray holding dishware of food which he sat and forced himself to take his time eating the food and drinking the drink. Once done he got up and went to the middle of the cell to sit and did his stretching exercises followed by swinging himself up and proceeded to do his karate along with drills. 
He finished recalled himself doing acrobatic drills heard from Lance abruptly “That’s enough Jinks. Save your strength period.”   
He exhaled a breath and went to the mattress to lean his back against the wall and stared at the cell gate with a frown to see Barry walk into sight who stood with a familiar glaring stare look. 
Jinks sighed recalling the aborted assassination spoke “The target seemed to anticipate my arrival by hiding underneath the bed when I arrived into the room. He had gonoids surrounding his home that gave up noises that sounded like they were giving off warning sounds that probably alerted him of my presence hence he underneath the bed when I got into the room. I managed to get him down onto the floor which he said he’ll pay me double what I was said to be paid just to keep him alive. Some female arrived into the room I didn’t see but heard her scream. I heard clanging sounds along with metal banging sound which was metal clanging down to let some kind of air come into the room to knock me out. It got too much for me so I left through the porch doors same entrance I came in and then found myself transported by the Meritanians to here. That’s all I know of anyway.” 
He eyed Barry who spoke “Interesting but you omitted how you got inside the house with what you were doing to the target when this female found you with getting out as well.” 
Jinks groaned a soft sound and spoke “I was transported to some porch of a house. The doors leading inside were locked which I managed to get open. I was choking the target when this female found me. I managed to use the same method of getting inside to get out through the porch doors and that’s the truth.” 
He got Barry flaring golden eyes as the Builder spoke in a firm tone “You’re not being specific Jinks so talk it now.” 
He spoke “Fine I used the power abilities to get the locked porch doors open along with choking the target. I used the same thing to get out despite some metal door blocking my way. Satisfied?”
He formed a glare on his face glaring at Barry who spoke gibberish which he found his arms grabbed by familiar hands and found himself in the High Council’s throne room while forced up in a standing position by the Falcons. Jinks didn’t protest as Anubis placed the ski mask over his head covering it entirely only leaving his eyes bare which he sensed some breathing device blowing air at him attached to the mask. 
He glared as Shad spoke “You’ll be transported to a location where Ramses will relay our orders on what to do.” 
He felt the Falcons’ hand holds off of him to find himself in a small room that reminded him of a cell with a door facing him that only had a barred window which he heard humming of electricity. 
Jinks folded his arms as if compelled eyes on the door sensing the Master still in control as the door slid open showing a male Human wearing some suit who spoke “Knight One come with me now.” 
He kept his arms folded obeyed following the male escorted by Humans wearing military like garb wear holding guns in their hands down a hallway to a doorway to enter a large room he saw looked like a warehouse from the looks of it. Jinks saw in the middle were various Humans wearing clothes that looked fancy looking gathered around a large caged area which he was led to its entrance and gestured to go inside. Jinks obeyed unfolding his arms to stand inside finding himself facing a male Human that seemed familiar while wearing some blue jumpsuit and white sneakers on the feet. 
He heard the crowd outside the cage shout “We urge the both of them to fight!” while saying “We’ll be giving off taunting insults for not fighting!” 
He raised his hands in some fighting gesture and stared at the familiar male still struggling to place him who had some look of recognition in his eyes that made him feel confuse. Jinks charged at the male with legs and fists swinging which the Human avoided his moves as if anticipating them which he halted from fighting to eye the man’s eyes to see that they become all black and stiffened realizing who that person was with recognition within him. 
Jinks mentally spoke “Robert. The High Council is having me fight my son.” 
He heard from Lance abruptly “Turn the lights above off now!”
He obeyed waving a hand above him and sensed his order obeyed as the lights went out with night vision blaring in his eyesight followed by light blaring. Jinks felt his arms grabbed by the Falcons he sensed and found himself in the High Council’s throne room with Anubis removing his mask to step aside. He saw Robert in the room kneeling as he saw a High Council member his senses blared telling him was Ajax nearby having a hand up towards his Human son. 
Jinks glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Anybus, snap this Human’s neck now.” 
Jinks screamed out “No! Don’t you dare! He’s my son!”
He felt a hand gloved cover his mouth cutting off his shouting which he sensed belonged to Anubis which he glared at the gonoid head warrior who looked away from him. 
Jinks shifted eyes towards the High Council eyes narrowed in a glare as he heard Ramses speaking sounding in his mind “High Council I would lay off assassinating any offspring or family belonging to Horus if I were you. Reason is a servant of yours was detected screaming at us to tell you that he scanned a Seer’s mind just before the Seer got away from him and saw the contents clearly that made him want to have you know of it. He saw the death of an offspring fathered by Horus which resulted in Australia Atoll your home being successfully destroyed. He added that he thinks the destruction is as if some kind of computer sense aimed on the offspring went off causing it to turn weapons onto the base and cause the destruction seen in the Seer’s mind. He’s also saying that the location of the offspring assassinated by Anubis appeared to be in the meeting room and that the offspring seen is a male Human I believe his name is Robert.”
He heard from Onya “Enough Ramses with your pathetic attempts to keep this Robert alive! Anybus do what we ordered you now!” 
He growled an angry sound in his throat as he felt Anubis’s hand become tighter over his mouth as the gonoid head warrior spoke in a loud whisper “Why don’t you have Ramses transport that Highlander to you and scan his mind and see what the Meritanian was talking about?”
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Anybus do what we ordered you now and stop it with your silly questions.” 
He saw a light flash in response to show a Highlander male that seemed familiar who spoke “High Council, Ramses isn’t kidding on what he said. I’m the one who he was communicating with.” 
Jinks stiffened recognizing McCork which he eyed the speakers to see their heads bowed followed by hearing groaning sounds from the butler very loudly.  He glared at McCork who’s head was bowed with hands seen fisted while continuing to hear groaning sounds from the Highlander who gave up a loud gasp sound before raising his head up. He shifted his eyes to see the speakers had their heads still bowed and eyed the High Council to see them moving their hands and waggling their heads seemingly lengthy before the speakers raised their heads. 
He heard in response Shad speaking “Ramses, transport this Human to the Freeloaders and make sure you mind wipe him in the process.” 
Jinks shifted to stare at Robert to see Ajax place a hand on his son’s shoulder in a fast move which both disappeared in a flash of light followed by Ramses’ voices speaking sounding annoyed “Hey Ajax got transported along with this Robert by touching him and their both with the Freeloaders who’s currently screaming at us to transport them both out immediately. The Freeloaders keep insisting that they don’t want to have anything to do with either one of them and they sound scared saying that.” 
He heard Ramses pause followed by Shad speaking “Just transport Ajax but leave Robert with them anyway.” 
Jinks growled an angry sound through his throat as Ramses’ voice spoke “Sorry High Council I already transported them both out as ordered by the Freeloaders one of them admitting the reason why. Excuse me while I knock Horus out so he won’t have to hear this.” 
He felt sleepiness shook his head as the feeling persisted and felt he passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feeling the mask off his head and feeling a hand shaking his shoulder. 
Jinks jerked open his eyes with a start gasping loudly to see the hand’s owner was a High Council member his senses blared telling him “Its Ajax.” 
Jinks felt he sitting in a chair with chains on him pining him to it. He raised his head looking around seeing he was in a round room with various consoles gathered at the walls with Highlanders in front of them fiddling with them while they were in a semi circle with one wall having a watery view with plants moving in sight. 
He frowned to stare at his son who spoke “About time you woke up Father.”          
He continued to stare at Ajax who added “Your in the-“
He was interrupted by a Highlander voice speaking loudly in some rude tone “Ajax! The High Council specifically told you to wake him up! That’s about it!”
Jinks exhaled a breath while staring at Ajax who shrugged and folded his arms without giving off a verbal response to the talk. 
He spoke “Would someone mind telling me what my purpose to being here is is for?” 
He saw Ajax point a finger in one direction along with pointing a finger aimed at him before resuming folding his arms. 
Jinks looked away to see a masked Highlander standing nearby with arms folded that spoke “Fine. The High Council wants to know how Horus programmed their main computer to turn onto their home if it detects the death of any offspring fathered by Horus himself within the base itself.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as nothing came to mind and looked away to glare in front of him the ocean viewed wall and again heard from the Highlander “I suggest you talk, Horus or this offspring dubbed Robert suffers from your silence.” 
He saw the ocean view changed as if it was a view screen to show Robert chained with arms above him wearing only underwear on his form and appearing to be grimacing while making jerking motions he recognized his son was being whipped on the back. 
Jinks growled an angry sound opened his mouth to roar only to feel a gloved hand cover it tightly followed by a voice speaking “He didn’t set the computers to do it I did.” 
He frowned for the voice sounded familiar and shifted eyes to see nothing in place where the hand’s owner was. 
He frowned as he heard from the Highlander “A stinking freeloader. I suggest you fix the computer sensor now or else.” 
Jinks felt the gloved hand remove itself which he clamped his mouth shut followed by the familiar voice speaking “Not if you’re willing to make a deal first.” 
Jinks heard from the Highlander “I don’t make deals with freeloaders. One word from me and all in this room gets knocked out including you as well. The High Council will figure out what your purposes so fix the computer damage now.” 
He heard from the voice “Ah Highlander how confident you are in technology when it’s apparent that computers can be controlled by anything it’s programmed to do.”
Jinks shifted to stare at the spoken Highlander who spoke “Enough with this useless babble and do what I say or else.” 
He eyed the Highlander as the voice spoke “As you wish Highlander.” 
He saw a light flash in front of the Highlander who unfolded his arms and slid to the floor form still while sensing he was slipping away to death. 
He continued to eye the Highlander as he heard gun cocking sounds within the room as Ajax he heard spoke “Alright you win Freeloader since we can’t see you hidden by the Keo tech so talk on what you want now.” 
He heard in response “You will order Ramses to remove the one dubbed Horus from here now and then we can talk freely as we wish.” 
He shifted his head towards Ajax to see the scene changed as he felt himself falling backwards to land onto dirt ground which he swung himself up to hear a groan noise loudly. He looked off his left to see Robert still chained with pain on his face. Jinks darted towards his son yanking off the chains off of him and held the male in a hug while kneeling on the floor sensing Robert’s legs could no longer hold him up. He continued to hold his son who he heard sighed while being held by him and sensed Robert not complaining about the hug hold. 
Jinks heard whining squeal sounds spoke out loud “Touch my son with harm and I’ll kill you. I mean it with what I say.” 
He felt his arms grabbed in response by familiar gloved hands and yanked from Robert who disappeared in a flash of light along with the scene changed to show the High Council’s throne room. Jinks again felt Anubis put on the mask covering his head only baring his eyes. Jinks snarled out a growling sound feeling rage erupt within him. 
He heard Ramses speaking “I got a better idea High Council. Why don’t you transport the victim and Horus to the citadel and have the both of them fights each other to death?”
He ignored Ramses’ talk as rage continued to boil within him which he felt the Falcons’ holds off of him to find himself in a large round room with walls looking like they were stone while hearing splashing sounds. Jinks looked to see a Highlander wearing some suit dart away from him splashing on the low level water appearing to be heading to a set of wooden doors in the wall. Jinks felt his senses blare ignored the feeling to charge after the Highlander finding his speed over taking the male.  Jinks grabbed from behind on the neck and threw him in the air that hit the wall face forwards and slid onto the floor appearing to be unconscious. Jinks ignored the Highlander’s unconscious state to jog towards him then reaching him turned the male onto his back and kneeled throwing his fist into the Highlander’s front not caring where his fist landed. He kept on punching even when he heard the familiar bone crunching noises and softness felt. Jinks continued to fist the Highlander till his hand fisted thrust through the skin barrier of the male hitting something that was beating which he pulled out his hand in a quick move. Jinks glared at the Highlander still feeling anger running through him and unclenched his hand and thrust it into the hole in the male’s chest to grab the heart organ with a tight grip and yanked it out sensing the male was dead from that. He dropped the heart organ and stepped back panting hard through his mouth feeling himself calming down from his angry mood. He found the scene changed to find himself in the High Council’s brig in a cell which he eyed his left hand seeing it was covered in blood went into the bathroom facility in the cell to wash it with water that felt like sea water to him. 
Jinks washed his hands the best he could and stepped out to see Barry behind the cell gate who spoke “Jinks get out of those clothes now. Their stained from the assassination job you did.” 
He obeyed dumping the clothes and shoes near the cell gates and stood clad in his underwear to examine his left arm seeing some blood was still on it which the scene changed to find he in some bathroom holding a shower stall in it. Jinks stripped himself of the underwear and got into the shower stall turning on the water to heat toleration levels sensing it was fresh water which he found the soap dispenser and used that to clean himself thoroughly all over not sparing his hair. Jinks once done walk out to grab a towel and dried he thoroughly then stood dropping the towel onto the floor eyeing the door sensing he filmed which the scene changed to his familiar cell with Barry behind the cell gate. He looked at the floor seeing it looked like it was mopped thoroughly and smelled food which he went to finding himself terribly hungry forced himself to take his time taking in the nourishment. He finished found a pile of clothes and shoes in the color black nearby. Jinks put on finding underwear and socks along with a thick black top that suggested it a had bullet proof vest imbedded in it and sweat pants and a pair of sneakers that had Velcro and shoelaces to tie it up while being high topped.  
Jinks folded his arms when done dressing to stare at Barry who spoke “It doesn’t matter if you move or not whenever you control the earthquakes. Just remember that Jinks.” 
He blinked his eyes to find himself back in the stone room sensing it was the Citadel as Ramses called it and looked around to see a light flash showing a male Human who looked confused before pulling out a hand gun and firing it aimed at him from being too many meters away from him. Jinks ducked into a split and willed the Darkness through to hear the gunfire stop abruptly which he swung himself up getting up with a karate move eyed the male who was frozen with bullets in the air aimed at him. Jinks walked to a bullet and pulled it out of the air with a hand and then eyed the male to see his chest appeared to not have a bullet proof vest on. Jinks swung the bullet aimed at the male to see it remain frozen in the air and then stepped around to stand behind the Human. He willed the Darkness away from him to eye the male who gave up a grunt sound of pain very loudly before dropping the gun with a splash and collapsing onto his knees and sliding onto the watered ground with form still face into the water. Jinks eyed the male sensing the Human was taking in the water while unconscious and sensed the man gave up his life to death that disappeared in a flash of light. Jinks sighed and ducked as he heard a gunshot sound very loudly willed the Darkness through to get up seeing another male Human that fired a handgun aimed at him and appeared to be immune to the Darkness’s power.  Jinks caught the bullet and threw it at the male seeing it hit him in the chest and bounce off sensing that the man was wearing a bullet proof vest who continued to fire his handgun bullets aimed at him. 
He recalled Barry’s words about earthquakes “I mentally ordered the earth to shake.” seeing his order obeyed. 
Jinks ducked out of the way of bullets heading towards him to see the Human get off balanced while firing from the handgun wildly aimed at him and missing all over. Jinks darted towards the male who kept on firing bullets aimed at him, caught the bullets and tossed them at man seeing some of them hit home on the man’s legs and arms while bouncing off the chest area. He reached the Human kicked the handgun out of the man’s hand grip along with sensing that the man had another gun on his person proceeded to use karate onto the male to knock him onto his seat and kicked at him hard who appeared to reach for the hidden handgun behind the back. Jinks continued to kick the Human while mentally ordering paralysis to hit him sensing with annoyance his Master’s powers not working on the male kept on kicking the man and aimed for his head. He kicked and stomped onto the male’s head seeing the man’s efforts to pull out the hidden gun met failure and his kicking succeeded in knocking him out unconscious. Jinks willed the earthquakes to stop along with the Darkness away from him continued to kick and stomp the man’s head till he heard bone crunching noises ignored it. Till he felt the head area become very soft and heard a sound of something flattening and sensed the male was dead from that. Jinks backed away once done to find himself in the High Council’s cell to see Barry behind the cell gate.  He stared at Barry who spoke in gibberish and felt himself sleepy went to the mattress and shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who was appearing to be lost in thought. Jinks recalled Lance’s words about Barry having a sense intoned to him opened his mouth only to get his father looking at him with a glare who forced his eyes shut abruptly. Jinks came to again dreaming of Lance which he again thought of Barry and got his eyes forced shut again and found this scenario happened three more times each time he thought of Barry and his sense. Jinks realized that Lance seemed to be aware of what he was thinking hence the eyes forced shut repeatedly. He felt himself passing out unconscious as a result and came to smelling food by his body demanding nourishment. Jinks got up and went to the food tray and took his time eating the food. Jinks once done went to the mattress and sat leaning back eyes on the cell gate. Jinks sighed from the memory flashing in his mind of talking to Karissa about him and Katherine never confronting each other on things him on her lying and her on his power abilities. He exhaled a breath to stare at his lap was as an all black ski mask that only showed his eyes, that whenever he wore the mask was always black with the Master in control. He exhaled another breath feeling himself annoyed with both Lance and the High Council for they have yet explained to him why they were sending him transported by Ramses to various people of both Human and Highlander species to assassinate them. He as an assassin Karissa dubbed him by the name of Jihad which his father hadn’t protested to this instead went along with it. He continued to frown as he recalled Lance telling him about how Barry had a sense intoned to him and not admitting that the High Council was aware of it. Jinks continued to frown as he recalled that Lance had avoided telling him any more about Barry’s senses cued to him instead had avoided the subject whenever it was thought up by him. He inhaled a breath to sense Barry watching him and heard nothing from the Builder but the watching sense remained. 
He leaned his head on the wall and heard Ramses’ voice speaking “Barry, the High Council want Horus’ presence.” 
Jinks heard gibberish spoken from Barry felt his arms grabbed by the Falcons and he was lifted up from the floor to a standing position which he didn’t protest as Anubis put on the ski mask to cover his head only baring his eyes. He willed the Master through while eyeing the High Council as an image flashed in front of the speakers which he saw was a Human male wearing a suit. 
Jinks heard from Shad “This is your target. He’s holed up asleep in what considers an apartment by First Ones standards according to Ramses. You should have no trouble taking him down but warn you you’ll be transported outside his home due to that the transportation would wake him up.” 
Jinks didn’t comment in response sensed the Falcons’ holds on his arms gone found himself in a hallway facing a door. Jinks quickly willed the Darkness through and kicked the door open to dart inside seeing it was a bachelor apartment and appeared empty with nothing inside it. He darted into the bathroom and took a look finding it empty and examined the apartment seeing it looked like it was recently used. Jinks felt annoyance take hold willed the Darkness away from him to feel his arms grabbed by familiar hands he sensed belonged to the Falcons. 
He heard from Shad “Ramses explain yourself now!” 
Jinks heard from Ramses “Sorry High Council but the target is somehow aware of you targeting him from brief mind scans before ordered out and has anticipated the assassination order towards him which he took off two sun positions ago.” 
He felt sleepiness shut his eyes only to blink them open as he saw he was still in the High Council’s throne room which the lights above turned off. 
He heard “We protests!” from the speakers “We’re demanding the lights on!” 
His eyes with night vision in them shifted as if drawn to see a familiar male appearing to being a Highlander wearing a suit and eyes that made him think it was of a Shadonian standing nearby staring at him back. 
Jinks gasped loudly as the male he recognized as Meritania spoke “Training begins Elemental.” 
He heard a ringing sound jerked his eyes shut to come to finding himself still held up by the Falcons which he jerked open his eyes seeing himself still in the High Council’s throne room with lights on above. Jinks stared at the vast ceiling then looked at the High Council with a confused expression on his face as he sensed the Master in control which he willed away from him. 
He recalled the dream with Meritania flashing in his mind frowned as Shad spoke “Spill it, Horus you had a vision judging by the expression on your face so talk on what it is now!”
He exhaled a breath and inhaled speaking the contents of the dream not leaving anything out and then clamped his mouth shut which he heard from Onya “Ramses, transport Horus and guards to medical room number four now.” 
He saw the scene shift to find he standing underneath a spotlight arms still held by the Falcons and saw in front of him was a cylinder tube horizontal holding a naked male figure in it. Jinks saw with shock was Meritania whose eyes were open and form still sensing the male was in frozen sleep. 
Jinks spoke out loud “Impossible I had dreams of him while I was contained asleep in some tube. How did he get here?”
He saw a masked Highlander come into view who spoke “He was created off what was seen in your mind.” 
Jinks stiffened as Anubis appeared behind the masked Highlander grabbing the male’s head and gave it a twist which he heard a crack sound and saw the male hit the floor sensing him unconscious but paralysis below the waist. 
Jinks frowned as Anubis spoke in a loud whisper “Bad choice of words Highlander.”      
He found the Falcons’ holds on him gone and found himself back into his cell which he felt sleepy sighed and laid his form down on the mattress after taking off his ski mask setting it aside. Jinks shut his eyes to dream of himself on a tan dirt field underneath the sunlight and looked around to discover he surrounded by five Hyperon who proceeded to attack him. 
Jinks heard words spoken sounding in his mind “Your to using the word Earth with commands towards the earth to move as the ground around the Hyperon.” 
The Hyperon were manipulated all around him by his hands’ movements and mental orders which he saw Hyperon get destroyed as a result. Jinks stood once done and saw the scene go black to dream of facing Lance with an all black eyed glare. 
He felt nervous as Lance spoke “That vision you just had I had one myself just prior to a dream showing me how to use my elemental powers. Oh don’t expect to hide this from the High Council. Their suspiciousness is aroused due to that they know very clearly documented on what I went through to acquire elemental training and power manipulation of me being an elemental. They do know of a Meritania, a Highlander Shadonian hybrid that lived back then in Great Britain who was found mysteriously drowned to death in a lake. I assure you I had nothing to do with his death. I point the finger of blame at one of my own offspring for the drowning, both got into an argument the previous day.
The argument was on ‘Lance Richard only having elemental powers!’ in my presence that wound up into a big fight. 
I got them both to back off but that Meritania wound up drowned in the lake as a result of that argument I blame the murder caused by my own offspring.” 
He didn’t comment in response as Lance forced his eyes shut. 

Jinks came to hearing a clanging sound jerked open his eyes to smell food and got up from the mattress going to the tray holding nourishment which he sat and took his time eating and drinking. Jinks once done sensed a light show which he saw Barry standing behind the cell gate with a familiar look on the Builder’s face. 
Jinks sighed figuring out that Barry wanted him to admit something spoke “Could you be specific on what you want me to admit please?”
He stood up and heard from Barry “Meritania.” 
He heard the firm tone in Barry’s voice sighed and spoke “Fine I admit it I got a dream of myself manipulating the ground to defend myself from five Hyperons attacking me underneath the sunlight using orders of mental talk and hands movements.” 
He folded his arms with a glare on his face and heard Barry speaking gibberish found he standing on a dirt ground with sea lapping it facing the ocean water while sensing himself filmed with night vision blaring in his eyesight. Jinks groaned and turned around to discover the island was just a large field of dirt and there were flashes of light happening five times showing Hyperon that proceeded to charge at him. Jinks mentally recalled the dream used mental orders and hands movements together towards the Hyperon to see the ground move like his dream that proceeded to help him destroy the Hyperon till there were none left. 
Jinks once done folded his arms and mentally spoke “Terrific the High Council’s hold on me will be ironclad.” 
He felt his arms grabbed by familiar gloved hands as he found himself in the High Council’s throne room with Barry nearby. 
He heard from Shad “Interesting moves Horus. You used the exact twin moves recorded in our documents against the Hyperon that Lance Richard used on them when we tested him on the elemental powers.” 
Jinks stiffened from that heard from Ramses abruptly “High Council, I’m noticing a problem here which I think you should be aware of. The problem is the Elementals’ globe has been tracked at locations by First Ones which the locations are the ones that Horus has been transported to do assassinations. I suspect that the Elementals are seeking Horus due to that they’ve followed the pattern of transportation I’ve done on Horus sending him to do assassinations. The sightings are in the order of the assassinations Horus has done on people. I also suspect that the elementals themselves can’t be filmed by various recorder devices due to not having a solid manoid form despite their globe seen and caught on film.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as he heard from Lance yelling in his mind “Will the Master through now!”
He obeyed and heard “I urge you to charge up your body of electricity!” obeyed to the compulsion to hear zapping sounds behind him. 
The Falcons awking loudly with their hands suddenly off him as Jinks saw Barry roll his eyes and collapsed onto the floor appearing to having form’s still which he sensed was still alive. 
He willed away the electricity and looked behind him to see the three elementals which he heard a loud booming voice sounding in male tones seemingly in his mind “You should not be serving the High Council, Elemental!” 
Jinks stiffened as his eyesight clouded up with ice, water and fire while feeling he repeatedly off balanced. Jinks held out his hands trying to hang on as the weather elements stopped clouding up his eyes sight showing a Highlander standing nearby that looked bugged eyed seeing him. Jinks frowned looking around to see the Elementals’ globe into the air and take off which he saw he was in some kind of garden surrounded by high fenced walls. He eyed the Highlander who was dressed in some white clothing with dirt staining them. 
He frowned as the Highlander spoke sounding familiar “Sir, McCork at your service. It’s shocking that the Elementals returned you to here. It was suspected that the High Council had employed you to serve them for something they won’t say what it is.”
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust spoke “McCork, get me to the penthouse now.”
He got a head bob from the butler who he followed taking a route to the penthouse and once inside heard an excited meow sound and felt a cat body rubbing his ankle which he bent down to pick up Sable that purred in his grips. 
He sighed and stiffened as a headache came to his mind followed by Ramses’ voice speaking “Actually Horus had nothing to do with the High Council group’s passing away status. It was due to the Elementals’ mental voice speaking sounding in their minds that killed them due to that the three’s voice was too much for them. Oh Horus surviving is due to that he’s an elemental like they are anyway.  As for Barry some Builder using the voice ordered me to transport him out and has used the voice to keep my mouth shut on who did that order. Sorry about this but I and my sisters are not immune to Builders using voice talents on us anyway.”
He heard nothing more from Ramses and the headache stopped abruptly which he carried Sable to the dining room to hear him hissing loudly while squirming in his arms. Jinks groaned figuring out that Barry was in the dining room which he placed Sable down on the floor who sat in a crouch position while still hissing. He entered the dining room to find Barry seated in a chair appearing to be shaking his head and waking up from some unconscious state while attended by a Highlander wearing medical scrubs waving various devices over him. He looked around the room to spot his targeted Human that flared golden eyes of a Builder standing nearby with arms folded along with a familiar female Human he stiffened from recognition within him seeing she was Tatiana. 
He frowned as the targeted human appearing to be a Builder spoke in a familiar voice “Greetings, Elemental, so at last we meet and believe me it’s not a dream.”
He stiffened further recognizing the voice as Meritania from his vision of the male which he shook his head twice with confusion running through him. 
He heard from the Builder’s Meritania “I go by the name of Jordan among people. You’ll get an explanation of how I’m here but it won’t be spoken by me. ”       
He looked away to see Tatiana staring at Barry with some frown which he eyed the Builder that opened his eyes and spoke in a firm tone “Tatiana, I suspect you had something to do with that latest stunt pulled on the High Council didn’t you daughter of mine?”
He widened his eyes hearing the words daughter of mine to hear from Tatiana as he looked at her “Sorry Daddy, guilty as charged anyway. I did order Ramses to transport the Elementals into the High Council’s throne room just to help them get to Mister Montreal when it was obvious that they wanted him. They were at locations where he was said by Ramses to be transported to as sighted by people. I couldn’t have known that the Elementals wanted Mister Montreal out of the High Council’s hands and influences or that their voice would be fatal to the group. All I knew is that the Elementals were seeking Mister Montreal anyway.”   
Jinks heard in response from Barry speaking in gibberish blinked his eyes to find himself standing in a familiar room belonging to the High Council that was for the coma and the dead. His eyes as if drawn focused on a naked male figure with devices on the sensitive part, chest, arms, wrists, ankles and forehead. He focused on the face to stiffen with shock seeing the male had his face despite eyes closed in some angry look and eyed the male’s hair to see with shock still running through him that it was identical to his hair and felt himself becoming confused as to why there was a twin to him lying there. Jinks took a step towards his twin reaching out a hand and brought the hand down on his twin’s hand only to see his hand go through it like if he was a ghost. Jinks saw his sleeve as if drawn to see the cloth was different from what he was really wearing. Jinks examined he to discover he was wearing black clothing and shoes on his feet that were consisted of what he would wear when meeting Lance Richard to stiffen further with realization hitting him. 

“Argh! Jinks is still clueless that’s he’s a clone cloned copied origin from the High Council as his creator. It’s explains all that manipulation that the High Council is doing towards Jinks Montreal himself. He’s a clone of someone else created by the High Council.” written by Brandis.
“Clone of what Brandis?” I hear from Zerra asking me that question.
“Ugh not entirely sure of what’s her point except that Jinks seemed so stupid enough to be manipulated by the High Council something that people are noticing involving Jinks Montreal. It appears to be some game that the High Council is amusing them with. Really annoying!”

He realized that the twin lying on the bed wasn’t a copy of him but himself and stiffened thinking to himself “When was I put there and how long have I’ve been there anyway?”
He recalled to himself of waking up in the room and getting up from the bed only to be met by Mesen who managed to knock him out which made him further confused as to the time frame of how long he was first lying there. He continued to eye himself to hear a familiar rumbling vibration and noises which he looked up to see coming towards him was Mesen with a High Council member his mind told him was Ajax which both halted in front of the bed himself was lying on. 
Jinks eyed Ajax who went to himself to grip his hand and appeared to be staring at himself who he heard gibberish from Mesen followed by his son speaking “Father, I really hope that the day will come when you’ll be allowed to be waken and live among us either among the First Ones or the High Council and people. It’s a pity father.  A Seer captured prophesized the death of a High Council group by you which the prophecy came true. You really did that assassination by screaming about some female named Katherine who was identified as your mate you had too many cycles ago which they were killed as a result from the noises you made. The new High Council had ordered you tested after you were knocked out by some sleeper drug and found some powerful hallucination drug in your system. They deep scanned your mind while you were still out unconscious after the testing was done and discovered that you hallucinated a sick Charon with form solid cracking and revealed to be Katherine herself who passed away in your arms. Your reaction to the death was to be very angry along with feelings of sadness enough to scream from what’s called mental hurt.”
He felt ranges of emotions running through him as Ajax paused to give up a loud groan sound followed by his son continuing talking “As a result the High Council had you given a drug to get the hallucination drug out of your system which you withdrawn from. You placed here while they try to find out how that drug got into you in the first place and affected you very badly enough to cause what happened. 
The Meritanians have refused to help in this matter despite being tortured with pain machines instead said ‘We would rather receive pain then help period.’ 
Even Predecessor when I contacted him has refused to talk about the subject whenever I brought it up in his presence. He for some reason has seemed to be angry about something judging by his behavior and voice tone whenever I see him and doesn’t seem to be in a talkative mood.”
He heard Ajax become silent heard Mesen give off gibberish in a questioning tone which he heard his son speaking “Mesen, Barry for some unexplained reason is avoiding me and has refused to talk to me when I try to talk to him instead has used the voice talent on the Meritanians to transport me away from him whenever we meet that is elsewhere than the meeting room.”
He again heard Mesen speaking followed by Ajax speaking “The High Council regardless who’s in position as that group has made it clear to me that they call me to them period. They have refused my request through the Meritanians or whoever to come to them without ordered there by the group or to go into the meeting room unannounced when their there. Besides I’m not able to get into the room unannounced due to that twins or clones of Anubis and Falcons intercepted me in the hallway and kept me from going into the room by forcing me into the transporter room each time that happened.”
He heard a familiar voice speaking gibberish blinked his eyes with a start to find he seated in the dining room of the penthouse which he heard a throat clearing noise looked off his left to see Barry seated there. 
Jinks felt himself to discover he was still wearing the clothing on his form and eyed Barry’s clothes to see that they were the same as ever as the Builder spoke “You know don’t you that your really dreaming of this while asleep by the High Council?”
He stiffened hearing Barry’s words as the Builder continued speaking “Ajax isn’t kidding about what he said when talking to your sleeping form. It’s true I’ve been avoiding him. He’ll easily scan my mind and see clearly that I’ve been monitoring you while your asleep and doing some manipulating to your dreams through the Meritanians who have been ordered to keep their mouths shut about it.”
He stiffened hearing that as Barry continued talking “I figured out a way of contacting you while I’m mediating. Your father through contact has admitted to seeing what you’re seeing while you’re asleep and doesn’t seem to like the contents. I told him to trust me on what I’m doing to your mind which he hasn’t protested to that yet.” 
Jinks frowned hearing as Barry spoke gibberish followed by the scene going black like he went unconscious.

Jinks came to feeling himself lying on a bed wearing metal on his form in the exact places he saw on himself lying on a bed. Jinks felt rage hitting him jerked his eyes opened willing the Master through within him and fisted his hands while growling nonsense sounds. 
He felt a headache of his mind scanned shut his eyes and heard Ramses’ familiar voice speaking “Ugh High Council, I and my sisters aren’t immune to Builder voice talent orders besides it wasn’t Barry who pulled that stunt onto us but some male who did it actually.” 
He felt the headache remained as metal on his form was abruptly off of his body as Ramses paused followed by continuing speaking “The Builder who pulled this stunt seems to have knowledge of you and from mind scans of him before ordered out indicates that the information was passed down from preceding family members. Oh We managed to scan the mind of the Seer who actually met that Builder who used the voice on him to tell why his eyes are like that. The information on telling the future came out including prophesying that this Builder would use us to get into Horus’s home to drug him by needle dart while he was out unconscious. Horus assassinating a High Council group came out too as well. I confess it was this Builder who used the voice talent on us to have Horus transported to you after the drug he injected into him appeared to work judging by the reaction Horus was acting.” 
Jinks grunted feeling pain hitting his head as the headache felt much worse off. He grimace putting fisted hands on his forehead as images flooded his mind. He saw an eyes sight view that appeared to belong to his cat Sable sitting on him self’s chest before looking away towards the bathroom door and sensed anger hitting. He continued to see in his mind Sable giving off hissing sounds as a male form wearing a ski mask and trench coat came out of the bathroom who spoke in gibberish which he sensed Sable’s anger stop by hissing noises stopping. He continued to watch through Sable’s eyes as the masked male went up to himself lying on the bed and pulled out a needle syringe injecting its contents into him self’s neck then stepping back to go to the bathroom doorway and turn around eyes on himself with arms folded. Jinks continued to see from Sable’s eyes the cat appearing to sniff himself on the neck then went to the bed’s other pillow to sit staring at he. He continued to watch as himself woke up with a jerk looking like himself was out of it and appeared to do what he remembered seeing a sick Charon that turned out to be Katherine by getting up from the bed and heading towards a bare spot in the room to make arm and hand motions. He heard himself spoke out loud his familiar words as if talking to Katherine with pauses then making arm motions again followed by standing up with hands fisted and disappearing in a flash of light. Jinks continued to see through Sable’s eyes the cat in the High Council’s throne room as if transported there and noticed the masked male was there in the doorway speaking gibberish. Jinks figured were ordering the room’s people to not notice him at all. Jinks saw what he remembered happened while he was angry from suffering from Katherine’s passing in front of him. He continued to watch during himself held by the High Council hearing the masked Builder speaking in gibberish followed by himself screaming in some loud echoing tone and then saw the view changed as if seen through a recording camera view from a wall aimed at he screaming while held by the High Council. He watched as the High Council stopped holding him followed by grabbing their heads by forehead area and appeared to faint onto the floor with form still. Jinks heard a familiar alarm sound indicating death sounded each time a High Council member hit the floor with form still as he kneeled. Jinks watched as Barry came into view appearing to not be affected by the screaming he was making and watched as the Builder kneeled and got a hold of he cutting off the noises and holding him in some hug. He continued to watch as various High Council servants appeared in flashes of light going to High Council members along with one going to himself putting some needle syringe in his neck. 
He heard Barry’s voice loudly speaking in a firm tone “You will test Horus for his health and anything in his system. My instincts are screaming at me saying that he was drugged with something for him to act this way and check the recorders in the room for any unseen visitors while you’re at it.” 
Jinks saw the view went black came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder which he jerked open his eyes to discover himself in a chair underneath a spotlight surrounded by inky darkness and stiffened. Jinks felt he abruptly standing then sitting in the chair. The sensation he felt continued back and forth as he looked to see a male form wearing a trench coat and a ski mask straighten up his form. Jinks eyed him to force he up from the chair to find the sitting sensation stopped which he continued to eye the male noticing him wearing black pants and black shoes. 
He sensed clothes on his form that felt twin like to Lance Richard’s and figured that he was dreaming as he eyed the male who showed golden eyes of a Builder that spoke “Who are you?”              
Jinks frowned at the male’s odd voice tone as the Builder he assumed repeated his question then walked around him in a circle form splitting into four Builders wearing identical clothing and boxing him by the positions. 
He spoke as the Builder repeated his question sounding in multiple voices speaking “Jinks Montreal.” 
He heard in response was “Really?”
He frown hearing the voice tone sounded like sarcasm as the Builder again repeated his question. 
Jinks spoke “Well what do you want since you’re obviously not satisfied with my answer?”
He grunted in pain to hear from the Builder “No questions just answer now.” 
He heard the firmness of the voice tone spoke “The High Council-“
He was interrupted by pain hitting him grunted and then added “Some group dubbed me Horus son of Osiris.” 
He got “Really?” spoken in sarcasm which he added “Tell me what you want me to say anyway.” 
Jinks eyed one of the Builders who turned around and pointed a finger while speaking “Get out now!”
He shifted his eyes to see a familiar robed figure of a Meritanian nearby that faded from view and again looked at the Builder who resumed looking at him and speaking “Who are you?” 
Jinks spoke “I’m Jinks Montreal dubbed Horus son of Osiris whose body is Lance Richard a deity lord and inhibiting the body is his son who is me.” 
He eyed one of the Builders and heard nothing from them in response only to see the scene changed to show a room that appeared to be a bedroom with a figure lying in bed asleep. He watched as the figure woke up by alarm showing himself shocking him which he continued to eye himself get up wearing underwear shorts to do karate then went into a doorway he figured led to the bathroom. He felt himself remaining where he was as he came out clad in some black dressy suit with a hat on the head that reminded him of something which he wasn’t sure of. He continued to watch as he ate some food at a dining table near the bed from a kitchen unit and figured that he was living in a studio apartment from the looks of it. He continued to watch as himself finished eating food and drinking drink to put away the dishes then walked out of a doorway he saw while shutting the door. He blinked his eyes finding the scene changed to show a house with stairs off its side and himself walking down them pulling out a cell phone and appearing to be talking to it after dialing some numbers. Jinks eyed he with a frown to see he was appearing to be talking to a cab service ordering them to come to his location in New Jersey and drive him to a location in New York City nearby. He watched as he reached a driveway to stand with arms folded after putting away the cell phone in a pocket. He continue to watch as a cab arrived showing a Highlander driver. Himself got inside and then the scene changed to show a building that made him think it was residential as himself got out of the cab and walked up to the doors. He saw as an older male standing at the doors wearing identical clothing and hat as himself saluted then walked away going into the cab. He frowned seeing himself turn around with hands at sides and watched as he opened one of the doors for people dressed a bit fancy who went inside and watching himself do the same for people leaving the building. He frowned seeing that scenario as the scene changed to show the four familiar Builders while surrounded by darkness underneath a spotlight. 
Jinks frowned as a voice spoke “This is what the High Council want you to lead your life as some nobody who isn’t important enough to be special.” 
He stiffened from that as the scene went black and he felt his body lying on some bed while groaning loudly. “Jinks’ still stupid doesn’t realize he’s a clone created by the High Council instead thinks like an idiot.” Jinks jerked open his eyes blinking them to feel himself falling backwards hitting a metal floor and arms grabbed by familiar gloved hands lifting him up to stand. Jinks glared at the High Council he saw feeling disgust take hold along with another feeling took its place that made him feel like he was going to be sick. He ducked his head as he threw up repeatedly while sensing his body expelling toxins from his system through various ways including sweating it out as he threw up while having nose runny. Jinks felt the hands off of him collapsed onto his knees as he continued to expel toxins from his system through various ways of his body. He struggled to breathe as he threw up while having nose running. Jinks felt the expelling seemed lengthy and seemed to go on for a long time till it stopped abruptly which he gasped for air through his mouth breathing deeply. He looked around the scenery to discover himself in a bathroom with a shower stall and the floor showing no evidence of his expelling figured to he that Barry must have spied on him and had he transported to there once it was obvious his expelling stopped. Jinks got up and went into the shower stall to cleanse he very thoroughly with soap and shampoo. He felt himself much better from that to walk out and dried himself very well with the towels hanging on the racks. He once done frown as the scene changed to show the High Council’s throne room with his arms again grabbed which he formed a glare on his face to eye the speakers had heads bowed and felt a headache which he figured that the group was scanning his mind. He thought of various vulgar comments in response to the mind scanning as the scans seemed lengthy then stopped followed by the speakers raising their heads. 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Ramses put Horus to sleep and transport him to sleeper room number six now.” 
Jinks continued to glare as he heard in response from Ramses “Sorry High Council but a certain somebody who you hate to hear about said that you should medically check Horus first before sticking him in a tube. This somebody suspects Horus’s sickness was some kind of withdrawal from the drugs in his system that you been putting in him to be asleep.” 
Jinks continued to glare at the High Council as Shad spoke repeating words spoken before Ramses spoke his words which was interrupted by Onya speaking “Hey excuse me, ditch the tubal order now! Have Horus medically scanned for anything and make it through period.” 
He glared at the High Council as both speakers he saw bowed their heads followed by the group behind them waggling their heads and waving their hands seemingly lengthy which he felt himself getting annoyed with them. He narrowed his eyes still in a glare aimed at the High Council who halted their talk he assumed followed by the speakers raising their heads. 
He heard from Onya “Ramses transport Horus to a medical room now.” 
He felt the Falcons’ holds off his arms followed by the view changing to feel cloth thrust over his head blocking his view along with some male voices speaking in gibberish reminding him of Barry and felt sleepiness shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder which he sensed himself seated in a chair restrained in it while wearing clothes that reminded him of prison wear garb judging by the feel of it. He opened his eyes raising his head to feel the hand off his shoulder.  Jinks’ took a look around finding himself in the King’s office at the White House surrounded by six males which only three of them flared eyes of Builders when he looked at them. He eyed the desk to see the current King seated there that was an older male with a glare on his face. 
Jinks frowned thinking to himself “Either this is a dream or reality. Do hope that this situation isn’t that bad despite dreaming of various bad things that happened to me.” 
He kept his mouth shut as he heard a throat clearing noise sounding from the King focused on the male who spoke “Explain the High Council’s obsession with you.” 
He frowned forming it on his face to hear from Ramses sounding in his mind “Argh High Council you really should be discreet with doing things to First Ones due to that their now noticing it and demanding to know what’s going on with that.” 
He heard nothing more from Ramses as he heard from one of the males in the room “Humph Ramses is talking to him.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth as the King spoke “What did Ramses say to you hmm?”
He heard gibberish spoken from one of the Builders in the room spoke as if compelled “He was commenting to the High Council about them not being discreet when doing things to the Human species they refer as First Ones. He added that First Ones are now noticing the group’s purposes towards their species and is demanding an explanation for it.” 
He clamped his mouth shut to hear an Humph from the King followed by gibberish spoken from one of the Builders in the room and heard Ramses speaking sounding in his mind “Don’t you dare use that voice on me you stinker! I’ll dump you in King Winter’s Kingdom if you continue to use that tone with me!”
He heard a pause followed by Ramses’ voice speaking “Alright smarty, don’t do that again.”
Jinks felt himself frowning as Ramses went silent along with the headache stopping which he heard from the King “Interesting words for Ramses to use when insulting people.” 
He figured to himself that Ramses broadcasted his talk to the room’s occupants. 
He spoke out loud “Excuse me Ramses is heard all over Australia Atoll by Highlanders and that involves him not able to keep himself from broadcasting to them. Oh the High Council has some kind of machine aimed at the Meritanians to torture them if they say the wrong thing.” 
He heard from the King “Meritanians? Hmm interesting name to call those talking plants when their dubbed Roses around here.” 
Jinks frowned as the view went black which he came to feeling himself in a tube again felt annoyance take hold to will the Master through. He felt tube sensation stop followed by his arms grabbed by familiar gloved hands which he found himself in the High Council’s throne room. 
Jinks glared at the High Council to hear from Shad “Well what do you have to say hmm?”      
Jinks heard Barry’s voice sounding behind him in a firm tone “Well talk on what you want now.”
He felt compelled to speak stiffened as he spoke in an odd voice tone “Want is irrelevant.” 
He heard from Shad “Interesting.” 
He again spoke as if compelled “Interesting is irrelevant.” 
Jinks eyed the High Council to hear from Shad “Well Banger explain your purpose now.” 
He spoke “Explanations is unnecessary for our purposes.” 
He heard from Barry sounding behind him “Osiris is irrelevant but Horus is not.” 
He frowned as he felt a headache stiffened from the pain grimacing while baring his teeth and then felt sleepiness jerked his eyes shut passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to finding he lying on a bed with a blanket on his form. He jerked open his eyes looking around to find himself in a bedroom belonging to the High Council. Jinks’ nose smelled food which he got up from the bed removing the blanket to spot a table nearby holding a tray full of dishware on top along with a chair next to it. He went to sit down and ate the food finding he terribly hungry which he gobbled it up along with gulping down the drink. He felt himself much better got up and went to sit down doing his stretching exercises while mentally forcing himself to listen to his body for complaints which he sensed none but a stiffness feeling. He got up with a swing up move and proceed to do his Kata only in a middle of a punch felt his arms grabbed by familiar gloved hands. He found himself in the High Council’s throne room which he gave up a loud roar and thrust his feet onto the Falcon’s legs mentally ordering he to charge of electricity and heard loud awks from them as his arms were let go. Jinks twisted to the side to find he grabbed by the neck by a hand in an ironclad hold along with feeling his charging electricity backfire hitting him instead of the hand’s owner. Jinks mentally ordered the charging to stop which he saw the hand’s owner was Barry flaring golden eyes. 
He felt compelled to speak spoke in the familiar odd voice tone “Osiris is irrelevant but Horus is not you said.” 
He got silence from Barry who looked away to stare not at the High Council but at something which he looked and frowned feeling confusion hitting him seeing what the Builder was seeing. He saw a very thick trunk tree in yellow shiny color that appeared to not have roots at the bottom end along with at the top end was something green that resembled leafed short hair to him. 
He frowned eyeing the creature which he heard from Lance abruptly “That’s a Dragondrum a living tree with a sentient mind is what the High Council refer as Banger.”         
He frowned to feel annoyance take hold eyed the Dragondrum who bounced out of the room with drumming sounds heard along with getting out of sight. Jinks looked at Barry who he saw was looking at the High Council which he reached his hands and grabbed one of Barry’s fingers and gave it a snapping twist to hear a grunt from the Builder as he felt his choking hold released. He quickly darted towards the room’s doorway only to get blocked by Anubis and Falcons who faded from view and again felt the familiar gloved hands on his arms along with forced to turn around facing the High Council and forced into a kneeling position. 
Jinks felt annoyance take hold to hear from Shad “Pathetic.”   
He felt a stick object hit him on the head repeatedly grunted from that to hear from Barry speaking sounding angry “You broke my finger.” 
He felt the whacking stop as he eyed Barry to see Anubis had a hand on Barry’s arm along with another hand patting the Builder on the cheek. He continued to eye Barry who shut his eyes and bowed his head as he saw Anubis lean forwards appearing to be whispering to the Builder. 
He eavesdropped “Fathers should only punish but not hurt sons.” 
Jinks frowned as he eyed Barry who appeared to get calmed down by Anubis which the Builder raised his head opening his eyes and spoke in gibberish then disappeared in a flash of light. He felt sleepiness jerked his eyes down to see the metal floor rising to meet him while feeling the hand holds on his arms still there and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks found he facing Lance who thrust his form sideways facing the Meritanians who he noticed appeared to be scrutinizing him. 
He frowned as he heard Ajax’s familiar voice speaking “It’s odd that the Bangers would express interests in some humanoid when their not known to do it.” 
He shifted to stare at Ajax who was frowning while hearing Lance speaking “Interesting, Ajax. It seems that the Bangers, you call them, must be bored with their life living in the ocean bouncing around, hence their interests in humanoids at the moment.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as Ajax shifted his eyes to stare at him followed by his son looking away at Lance he assumed before speaking “Predecessor please.” 
He heard the pleading in his son’s voice tone felt his eyes forced shut to come to finding himself standing facing a mirror in a bathroom while wearing an orange jumpsuit on his form. 
He eyed himself seeing his eyes were all white Shadonian like that made him think “I’m confused seeing that.” 
Jinks heard nothing from Lance in response to his confusion. Jinks eyed the bathroom doorway sensing someone in the bedroom which he walked out in a fast move to hear a loud gasp seeing a female Human in the room. He eyed the female seeing her clothes clung to her form making her curves revealing to him. 
He felt himself an urge eyed her hungrily as she spoke “Excuse me I wandered in the wrong room.” 
Jinks spoke finding his voice seemed odd “That’s alright. Something I can do for you miss?”
He eyed her as she walked up to him with some look in her eyes that made him think it was related to mating which he welcomed. 
Jinks eyed her as she spoke “Just checking something out.” 
He spoke “Like what you see?”
He formed a small smile on his face not baring his teeth as she spoke “Well come with me anyway.” 
He didn’t protest as she took his hand and led him into the bathroom which inside she came onto him kissing him on the lips which he kissed back. He adjusted her position till she was sitting on the sink counter and broke off the kiss to smile at her then stripped himself of the jumpsuit along with the underwear hearing a loud gasp from her. He sensed his form was Human like in a muscular tone and got between her legs rising up her skirt and with hands tore apart her underwear along with getting himself inside her up to the hilt. 
He sensed during this no resistance from the female who gave out “Oh!” as he was inside her. 
He placed hands on her hips and thrust in and out of her feeling charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her and with a jerk spilled himself inside her. He heard her gasp loudly once again did another round of mating due to feeling the urge not going away and felt the feeling stop after again spilling inside her. Jinks heard her crying tears pulled out pulling down her skirt then put on his clothes along with walking out of the bathroom to stand with arms folded still hearing her crying and she sounded very upset. He turned towards the bathroom to see her dart out which he grabbed her arm in the process only to feel her hand hit home on the cheek. 
Jinks heard from her “Bastard!”
He spoke while eyeing her in the eyes “What are you upset about?”                 
He felt annoyance take hold as she again slapped him and she spoke “Violator!”
Jinks felt rage take hold willed the Master through as she continued to slap him and brought a hand on her forehead mentally spoke “I’m ordering you to sleep.” found his order obeyed.  
He caught her just before she hit the floor and carried her to the bed lying her form down on it in a sideways position which he sat at the foot of the bed and ran his hands through his hair feeling himself frustrated and annoyed with her behavior. He saw blackness shut his eyes to come to finding himself lying on a mattress which he jerked open his eyes finding himself in the brig in a cell. He sat up with a jerk to feel his body sensing himself wearing only pants on his form that felt like sweatpants to him. He looked around the cell finding nothing amiss with it got up heading towards the bathroom part of the cell to swish the curtain closed behind him. Jinks eyed he in the mirror finding the Master still in control willed it away to hear it roaring in the back of his mind to eye his eyes seeing that they were Human blue to his relief. 
He felt confusion hitting him as the dream flashed in his mind of himself with Shadonian eyes while mating with a Human female who accused spoke “I accuse you of improper conduct!” relating to it. 
“Again still not acknowledging that cloned status like an idiot whose so stupid-“
‘Who’s stupid?’ Zerra interrupts me writing that which I wound up writing more of her story. 

Jinks placed hands on the sink to lean forwards bowing his head while shutting his eyes thinking “What’s with the dream and its importance anyway?”       
He heard in response from Lance abruptly “Jinks, that dream from the looks of it was an actual memory of someone else who the Bangers were known to have an interests in. I’m not sure what’s with the Bangers giving you that person’s memories anyway but I suspect it’s related to them trying to communicate something to you.” 
Jinks frowned hearing Lance’s words as his father continued talking “Ah that someone who the Bangers were interested in wound up back in the High Council’s hands and is currently in some sleep status at the moment.” 
He mentally spoke “Then why am I in the brig instead of some sleep status?”
He frowned as he heard from Lance “Jinks, that’s related to the body for some reason has developed some rejection towards the drugs that the High Council uses on people to put them in various sleep statuses. They injected you with the drug then wait for it to take effect only to find that the body has expelled it after it goes through your system which has happened too many times to count so far.” 
His nose smelled food left the bathroom swishing aside the curtain to stand seeing a masked Highlander behind the cell gates holding a tray while accompanied by Barry next to him. Jinks frowned eyeing the Highlander who jerked his head aside and watched as the cell gate slammed open with a bang sound. 
He heard from Barry “Don’t try anything funny Jinks. I meant it with what I said.”
He saw Barry flare golden eyes as he resumed looking at the Highlander that entered the cell putting down the tray then darted out followed by the cell gate slamming shut behind the male.  He felt himself hungry went to the tray sitting down and forced himself to take his time with the food along with taking his time with the drink. He once done got up and went to the mattress to sit leaning his back against the wall with hands on his lap while eyes on Barry who continued to flare golden eyes. He eyed the Highlander who got into the cell picking up the tray and darted out walking out of sight which he shift to eye Barry who stopped flaring golden eyes but had a familiar glare stare on his face. Jinks frowned seeing the look on Barry’s face as the Builder’s eyes narrowed with a glare in them. 
He sensed Barry wanted him to talk spoke “Out with it Barry. What is it you want me to say?”
He heard from Lance abruptly “Just admit the contents of your dreams, Jinks.” 
He exhaled a breath then inhaled speaking the dreams “I had about being in the White House while wearing an orange jumpsuit and people hanging around me.” and didn’t leave anything out including what Lance told him about them and what else was said. 
Jinks frowned as he heard Ramses speaking “Barry, go talk some sense to the Bangers on isle number seven due to that their interfering with the nourishment harvest at the moment.” 
He frowned as Barry spoke in gibberish and disappeared in a flash of light. Jinks felt the wall gone felt himself lying in snow got up with a fast move and felt his neck grabbed in a tight ironclad hold. 
He heard a loud demanding male voice bellow in his mind “You will cease your actions onto this male or else!”
Jinks looked to see the hand’s owner was belonging to King Winter who had eyes narrowed in some glaring stare as he again heard the voice bellow in his mind again repeating words along with saying “Badian, I mean it!” that confused him to think “It’s confusing.” 
He continued to hear from King Winter he assumed still bellowing in his mind “I mean it Badian! Cease trying to take control of this male and be gone out now!”
Jinks felt himself further confused felt himself compelled to will the Master through obeyed mentally spoke “I’m ordering my body to charge of electricity.” 
Jinks saw King Winter bare his teeth in response as he felt coldness hitting his body from the waist down abruptly.  
He mentally spoke “I willed the charging to stop.” to reach with both hands towards King Winter’s hand on his neck. 
Jinks grabbed for a finger only to feel coldness of ice blocking his way as he scratched at the hand with his fingernails finding them not taking effect. Jinks grimaced as electricity shocked his form from behind on the back along with hearing crackling sounds of it. He saw King Winter ignore the noises to continue glaring at him as he again grimace feeling pain hitting his back willed the Master away from him to feel the pain of electricity stop along with the crackling sounds. 
Jinks heard from King Winter “You will release your hold on this male now! Badian or else!” 
Jinks felt the coldness all around him stop as King Winter looked away from him while thrusting his torch cauldron staff in a direction and he heard glass breaking sounds then silence. He eyed King Winter to feel a headache hitting him that felt painful along with pain in his chest which he arched his back throwing his head up and opened his mouth to scream only to feel the Cold Lord’s hand remained ironclad keeping him from voicing his scream. He continued to mouth screaming sounds as the pain hitting him remained followed by feeling a sensation of tearing that stopped abruptly. Jinks felt King Winter’s hold on his neck gone and collapsed onto the metal floor curling into a ball feeling the pain stop but shivers overtook him. He felt a hand touch his head that felt comforting and raised he up to see kneeling next to him was Barry looking concerned by the expression on his face. Jinks thrust himself onto Barry hugging the Builder who didn’t resists to his movements as he placed his head on Barry’s shoulder and shut his eyes feeling himself much better and needing the rest. 
He felt himself passing out unconscious came to dream of facing Lance who spoke “Humph, those Bangers are cunning with their motives related to people in trouble around here.” 
He frowned at his father’s words as Lance continued talking “Ah the Bangers sensed this Badian inhibiting you and trying to take control were busy alerting the High Council of it anyway they could. I figured out what they were doing told the Meritanians who knocked you out and then they told the High Council of it. Barry managed to get you to confirm that inhibiting by Badian by you admitting to having dreams of Badian’s memories. The High Council is aware of from mind scanning this male in the past and keeping records of his memories down very thoroughly just prior to putting him in some sleep status.” 
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as Lance continued talking “The Meritanians figured out what would get Badian to release you, told the High Council after dumping you into King Winter’s hands about it. King Winter for some reason went along with that and got Badian out of you in the process along with this male out of sleep status who’s currently in the High Council’s presence being deep scanned by the group at the moment. Their seeing how Badian managed to inhibit you and whether they can stop that from happening again.” 
Jinks didn’t comment a response as Lance thrust his form sideways which he heard Ajax’s voice speaking “Predecessor please.” 
He heard from Lance in response “Ajax, your father is fine for now so cut it.” 
He shifted to look at Ajax who appeared to be frowning followed by his son speaking “This inhibiting business freaks me out.” 
He frowned as he heard from Lance “Well get used to the fact that Horus is inhibiting the body of me so cut it with the freaked out mood.” 
Jinks stared at Ajax who spoke “Argh Predecessor it’s not that inhibiting business that freaks me out. It’s having my own body inhibited by someone else and me elsewhere.”       
He didn’t comment a response as Lance he heard spoke “Interesting fear Ajax.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut before Ajax could comment a response and came to finding he lying on a bed seeing the cell’s ceiling in view frowned to sit up rubbing a hand on his head. He got up and went to the bathroom portion of the cell swishing aside the curtain to stare at he in the mirror finding he was still, Jinks Montreal, Human, hybrid along with hearing the Master roaring within him. 
“Still stupidity not acknowledging that cloned creation by the High Council onto him. What an idiot!”
“You’re the idiot!” Zerra says blaring into my mind “Argh!”’ 

Jinks frowned eyeing he to hear from Ramses “High Council, I suggest you quit doing that scanning. We already took the liberty of doing it and found out that Badian’s time in the tube evolved him enough to mentally throw himself out of his own body to others preferably male forms to inhibit taking control immediately and causing various sabotage around here. Also the reason the Bangers got involved was he picked the wrong person to inhibit which was Horus who had some kind of resistance of keeping him from taking control which was later tossed out by King Winter getting involved.”
He frowned hearing that as Ramses continued talking “Also from mind scans Badian won’t be inhibiting Horus again for King Winter will get involved and kick him out putting him back into his own body something he wants to avoid hence he doing what it takes to avoid that from happening.” 
Jinks heard nothing more from Ramses along with the headache stopping left the bathroom to find a High Council member standing behind the cell his senses blared telling him was Ajax along with his senses again blaring warning. 
He eyed Ajax who continued to stare at him before he spoke “Something I can do for you?”
Jinks heard nothing from Ajax who held up a gun like device weapon which he stiffened seeing and saw his son aim it at his own chest and fire it to see electricity come from it knocking out the male who hit the floor appearing to be unconscious. His senses blared warning as he eyed Ajax who arched his back and then stopped the back arching followed by form still which he sensed his son was still alive but unconscious. Jinks gave up a howling sound of distress very loudly and continued the noises till he saw Anubis and Falcons appear in sight. 
Jinks cut the noises spoke “Anubis its Badian again. He inhibit Ajax and cause him to be shot by own gun.”     
He got from Anubis a head nod that picked up Ajax and disappeared from view with the Falcons doing the same. Jinks frowned as he heard awks saw the Falcons appear bending down groaning as Anubis appeared holding up Ajax in his arms. Jinks felt himself standing next to the cell gate willed the Master through and grabbed the gate bar to charge himself of electricity seeing sparks come from his hand. Anubis tossed Ajax towards the gate that slid down off it and then the gonoid head warrior faded from view out of sight. Jinks let go of the gate and mentally willed the charging to stop which he eyed the Falcons to see them kneeling while groaning loudly. He figured to himself where they were hit and why they seemed to be in terrible pain. He didn’t say anything in response as a Falcon he heard gave up a growling noise followed by the cell gate clanging open and the Falcons waving him out. Jinks obeyed heading towards Ajax to strip him of the hood to examine him. He sensed his son was still alive but knocked out unconscious by the gun which he picked up as if compelled and felt it yanked out along with familiar gloved hands on his arms. He found himself in the High Council’s throne room with Barry there a glare on the Builder’s face aimed at him. 
Jinks frowned to notice Anubis nearby holding the gun weapon which he kept his mouth shut as Shad spoke “Care to entertain us with the excuse of having that gun weapon found in your hand hmm?”
He spoke “I saw Ajax shoot himself with it which turns out to be Badian inhibiting him along with doing it to someone appearing to be Anubis.” 
He heard snickering sounds from Anubis cut his talk and glared at the gonoid head warrior who stopped the sounds. 
Jinks heard from Shad “Interesting excuse Horus. Ramses transport Ajax to us now.” 
He glared at the High Council as Ramses’ voice was heard spoken “Sorry High Council I can’t transport Ajax who’s down in medical with some injury due to Badian inhibiting him to cause Ajax to shoot himself just to get that fool out of him. I got this from Ajax himself who screamed that to me while he was with certain somebody which I’m seeing is true from mind scans of him.”
Jinks continued to glare at the High Council as Ramses became silent and heard from Shad “Ramses what do you plan to do about this Badian hmm?”
He heard nothing from Ramses but Barry speaking in gibberish who he eyed gave up a sinister laugh that chilled him followed by the Builder again speaking in gibberish that disappeared in a flash of light. 
Jinks heard from Ramses abruptly “Yah figured out a way of getting Badian out permanently but that’ll involve trusting a certain someone you hate to handle him using his own servants to do the job.” 
He frowned to feel the gun weapon back into his hand and felt the scene changed to find he back in a bedroom belonging to the High Council. 
He heard from Lance “Jinks get yourself dressed your going to use that weapon to shock Badian out of Barry. Due to knowing Badian he’ll stay in Barry for awhile without doing any body jumping which in a certain time period would be enough to put him down on a permanent basis.” 
He frowned but went to the bed to find clothes on it in Human wear of sweats in black which he put on his form along with the shoes finding them seemingly sneakers then picked up the gun and stood with arms folded. He found the scene changed to find he in an alleyway to feel a cane hit him from behind which he threw himself into an acrobatic roll still holding the gun and got up to stand to see Barry flaring golden eyes that proceeded to swing the cane aimed at him. Jinks avoided the cane and used his karate to kick it out of Barry’s hand who stumbled towards it walking very off balance which he darted with gun in hand behind Barry to thrust it into the Builder’s back pulling the trigger. He saw what he saw happened to Ajax happened to Barry who crumbled to the ground on his side breathing heavy with eyes shut. Jinks went to Barry’s cane picking it up and carried it to Barry putting it in the Builder’s hand and kneeled putting a hand on the male’s head that remained unconscious as he heard a loud drumming sound behind him. He frowned as the scene changed to find himself back into the High Council’s throne room gun taken by Anubis and arms held by the Falcons while forced to stand. He heard a drumming sound behind him becoming nearer and frowned feeling a familiar headache hitting him grimaced from the pain followed by compelled to speak which he obeyed. 
Jinks spoke “What you want is irrelevant.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as Shad spoke “Interesting comment Banger. What about this Badian you were trying to warn us about?”
He spoke still compelled “Badian is irrelevant now. We have achieved what we wanted. You will see to the deposal of this body form dubbed Badian by eater and make sure that the remains are poured into water period. Badian will stop and remain where he is now and there will be no more what you dub inhibiting among you.”
Jinks grimaced as the headache again came on as he heard the drumming become fainter and fainter figured that the Dragondrum had given its purpose to the High Council.  
He eyed the High Council to hear Ramses’ voice speaking “The High Council orders this male dubbed Badian’s body to be burned by eater immediately along with remains dumped into the ocean for it’ll stop this body jumping behavior on a permanent basis so do it now.” 
Jinks felt Ramses stop eyed the High Council to hear both Shad and Onya speak “Ramses!”
He spoke “You prefer that body jumping Badian than to follow what the Banger instructed you?”
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Argh thanks a lot Horus for reminding us about the trouble we had lately. Harrumph. Ramses see that Horus is transported to Isle number seven and tell the others to have recorders aimed at the area on now and make sure we can see what’s going on as well.”
Jinks frowned to sense the Falcons’ hold off his arms along with hearing a familiar roaring noise found he in a forest jungle in a clearing with bushes rumbling all around him in a circle. He sensed himself filmed eyed a set of bushes to see familiar gonoids come out he recognized as Tee Dees. 
Jinks recalled his dream of manipulating the earth spoke “I mentally gave the order.” along with moving his hands frowned seeing nothing happened as the Tee Dees edged closer towards him walking around in a circle around him. 
Jinks frowned feeling himself confused as he heard from Lance “Sorry Jinks but my powers regardless of what they are don’t work in Tee Dee presence along with that they always saw me as food instead of an ally worth being friendly with.”
He groaned softly while eyeing the Tee Dees to feel one of them get onto his back sucking him while feeling one of their claws marking his face hurting him. Jinks felt his efforts to remove physically met failure as other Tee Dees got onto him sucking away. Jinks felt he getting sleepy shut his eyes passing out unconscious to dream of facing Lance who he saw was glaring at the Meritanians. Jinks shifted his form to glare at the Meritanians who all had heads bowed and arms folded. 
He glared at them as Ramses spoke “Tee Dees don’t suck victims when their passed out. They prefer the victim to be awake so they’ll gauge how much nourishment their taking to keep the victim alive another day. That attitude is from not having enough victims to suck on where they currently live at the moment.”
He heard a roar from Lance jerked his head towards his father who spoke “Is this the thanks I get for helping you with that problem of the High Council torturing you with pain machines?”
Jinks shifted to stare at the Meritanians with accusation in his eyes seeing the plants all had heads up eyes narrowed while appearing to be staring at Lance. 
He again heard from Lance “You played me.” 
He heard the accusation in Lance’s voice tone as he glared at the Meritanians who continued to glare at his father in response.  
He got Ramses’ familiar question “Shouldn’t you be up from bed?”
Jinks felt his eyes forced shut to come to finding himself floating in water surrounded by inky darkness along with a headache hitting him. 
He felt annoyance take hold as Ajax’s familiar voice sounded in his mind “I got to warn you that the High Council has ordered Ramses to transport you to the gonoids referred as Tee Dees if you pull any stunts that get you freed from this tube your in and keep it up till you get the lesson that you shouldn’t be doing anything to get yourself out.” 
Jinks felt annoyance take hold felt sleepiness shut his eyes to come to finding himself lying on a bed wearing chain manacles on his ankles and wrists and he was naked. 
He mentally willed the Master through and ‘I give the order to charge up my body.” 
Jinks found he freed from the restraints which he sat up mentally saying “I’m willing the charging away.” 
He looked around finding himself in a familiar room belonging to the High Council and sensed himself filmed and watched as he swung his legs off the bed and eyed the door slid open showing nothing but inky darkness. He eyed it as a female entered the room that made him feel disgusted seeing her appearance. He saw she had frizzy short black hair with all black eyes along with scars on her scaly faced cheeks and her form despite being feminine was naked and appeared to be scaly along with hair in spots. Jinks knew Human females don’t have despite knowledge of Human males usually has the hair but it was rare among the males. He felt himself getting disgusted as the female walked up to him and pushed him down onto the bed with Human hands that felt webby like and slimy to the touch along with putting his legs on the bed. He didn’t comment in response as she straddled him grabbing his sensitive part which he again felt sliminess from her touch on him. He continued to feel disgust taking hold refrained from forming it on his face as the female guided him inside her which he again felt the sliminess and didn’t resists as she placed hands on his shoulders and proceeded to rock him which he felt nothing from the mating ritual. He continued to eye her as he spilled himself inside her and didn’t feel anything from that but still felt himself still hard enough to mate again. 
Jinks felt her hands on his cheeks which he eyed her eyes as she spoke sounding in Summeran “Do you think I’m beautiful?”
He spoke in Summeran “Beauty only comes from the heart and not by appearance.”
He grimaced as her fingernails dug groves on his cheeks that brought pain and then her hands went to his neck as she spoke again “Yes or no to my question only.” 
He spoke “Well yes.”
He again grimaced as her fingernails scratched him on the neck bringing pain as she spoke “You’re lying. You think I’m disgusting. I can sense that from you so I ask again do you think I’m beautiful?”
He spoke “No to your question and your right I think you’re disgusting.” 
He heard from her “Then why did you let me mate with you since you don’t like my appearance?”
Jinks felt her hands on his shoulders and sensed she wanted an answer to her question which he spoke “It was either that or face punishment by the High Council since they’ve been using me to breed offspring.” 
He again felt pain as her fingernails scratched his shoulders followed by her speaking “It’s not the answer I’m sensing from you and speak it now!”
He spoke “Because you’re a female and I’m a male who needs a female to mate with.” 
He eyed her as she stared at him with an unreadable expression on her scaly face followed by her again rocking him which he gasped from charges of pleasure hitting him each time his sensitive part entered her followed by a loud moaning sound coming from him as he spilled himself inside her. He sighed as the female pulled him out of her and again kept she straddling him. 
He stared at her as she spoke “You’ll have a female as yours but be warned that you must treat her well or suffer period.” 
He didn’t comment as she leaned down and kissed him on the lips which he heard nothing from Lance then she broke off the kiss and forced his eyes shut. 

Jinks felt the scene change to hear familiar ringing noises along with familiar gloved hands holding his arms holding him up in a standing position. Jinks jerked open his eyes and raised his head finding himself in the High Council’s throne room and sensed the Master not in control but within him by the roaring noises in his mind. He sensed himself naked with no clothing on or shoes on his feet as he narrowed his eyes to glare at the High Council whose speakers he noticed had heads bowed along with feeling a headache come upon him abruptly. He mentally thought of various vulgar language comments as the High Council he sensed scanned his mind and kept up the chatter till the headache stopped followed by the speakers raising their heads. 
He heard from Shad “Despite the inappropriate use of language we managed to achieve what we wanted. Ramses transport him to the Tee Dees and order recorders to be on in his location.” 
He felt the Falcons’ holds off his arms as Ramses’ voice sounded in his mind abruptly “Sorry High Council can’t do that order. Someone hacked into the recorders showing Tee Dees feeding off Horus and showed that scenario to various too many people who I sense from mind scans are furious with that stunt. From mind scans of those people before they kick us Meritanians out is that they seem to see Horus as something valuable worth kept alive and unharmed. That’s all I know from glimpses of their minds before kicked out.” 
He again felt the Falcons’ holds on his arms as Onya spoke “Ramses care to tell us who those people are that find Horus as some prize object?”
He heard from Ramses “Actually their various manoid species from mind scans and they not just First Ones who think that view towards Horus. I’m still trying to pinpoint who was responsible for the idea of Horus being viewed as a prize object. I’m having trouble pinpointing that person due to that people with that prize object view seemed to have the ability to detect their mind’s scanned.” 
He narrowed his eyes in a glare at the High Council as Shad spoke “Well then simply transport Horus to the Tee Dees anyway.” 
He again felt the Falcons’ holds off his arms as Ramses spoke “Argh High Council I would do that order if I could but problem is a certain someone sensed is seeing Horus as his offspring.
That person has yelled at us ‘If Horus gets fed off by Tee Dees again he’ll see that our transportation ability is cancelled on a permanent basis!’
He sounds furious when he spoke his words.”
Jinks felt the Falcons’ hands back on his arms as he continued to glare at the High Council as Onya spoke “Yes or no Ramses would that be Barry himself hmm?”
He heard in response from Ramses “Eh yes to your question and he seems to be in an angry mood due to various people around him thinking that while eyeing him.” 
He formed a thin line with his mouth as Shad spoke “Bring Barry here for we want him to explain his attitude now.” 
He heard from Ramses “Sorry High Council can’t do that due to that Barry in question was observed throwing objects called chairs in the room he’s in which I had to knock him out. The people around him think he’s angry about something and is taking it out due to overhearing him yelling insults aimed at us and at you as well while doing that repeated chair throwing before I had to knock him out.” 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Well transport Horus into a sleeper tube anyway and continue to monitor Barry till he’s calm enough to talk to us.” 
He felt the Falcons’ holds off his arms and found he floating in water surrounded by inky darkness and grimaced as a light blared in his eyes abruptly followed by a prick of pain in his shoulder and sleepiness hitting him shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks heard voices sounding garbled and not understandable along with sensing nothing from his body or anything all around him but the voices sounded like “Jinks or Tam-Mykola MacLeod was out of captivity from being contained.”
He frowned and struggled to understand what the voices were saying till the chatter stopped abruptly and then there was silence. He heard a loud voice sounding in feminine tones that sounded familiar to him then again silence. Jinks frowned wondering what was going on to sense his body abruptly feeling it wearing clothes on his form that felt like sweats along with slipper like shoes on his feet while lying on a bed that felt like a mattress. He sensed no one in his vicinity jerked open his eyes to see an all white ceiling and sat up abruptly looking around finding himself in a white square room with a black window in a wall and sensed people watching him. He felt himself confused as to where he was and eyed his hands seeing that they were Human the same as ever and eyed the cloth covering him to see it was in the color of white. 
He looked around with confusion running through him “I’m wondering where the Meritanians transported me to and how I wound up here.” 
He heard from Lance abruptly sounding in his mind “Alright Jinks there’s a species with ears and facial appearance twin to the Shadonia but differences that makes them not that race. The High Council refers them as Freeloaders despite the species naming themselves Keo. For some reason they according to Ramses talking to the High Council on why you weren’t put in a tube, asked for you to be in their hands with no reason given. Ramses has used the excuse to the High Council that the group doesn’t give explanations whenever they give out orders. The Freeloaders he calls them shouldn’t have to explain their reasons for you in their hands either.”     
Jinks frowned hearing that from Lance as his father became silent which he looked around the room and found the mattress was laying on the floor in a corner. He figured to himself that he might as well stretch and do karate which he got up and sat on the rugged floor doing his stretching exercises slowly while feeling his body for complaints. He felt no complaints from his body as he stretched and then swung himself up and proceeded to do his Kata along with drills and once done sighed to go to the mattress to sit with back leaning against the wall eyes on the black window with a frown on his face. Jinks felt the wall gone along with mattress gone to feel he on a rugged floor. Jinks swung he up in a fast move to find himself in a familiar bedroom belonging to the High Council and sensed nothing about being filmed or watched. He eyed the bed to see Barry lying on it while looking asleep appearing to be having some nightmare judging by the expression on his face despite eyes shut and head shaking movements. 
Jinks heard from Lance “I suspect Barry’s angry mood is related to his fatherly feelings towards you that are hitting him making him react badly towards that.”
He didn’t comment in response as Lance continued talking “I also suspect that Barry shut down his feelings towards offspring and whoever so he won’t be affected by them when he does his work for the High Council. I think something I’m not sure what triggered those feelings to be felt and its overwhelming him making him angry hence he reacting badly from them hitting him.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that took a step forwards only to feel his arms grabbed by familiar hands and found himself in the High Council’s throne room which he formed a glare on his face. He felt a headache hitting him saw the speakers had their heads bowed and sensed that the High Council was scanning his mind again which he thought of various vulgar language comments and kept up the chatter which he stopped once the headache stopped as the speakers raised their heads. 
He narrowed his eyes in a glare as Shad spoke “Your inappropriate language use is not amusing and not acceptable so we suggest you quit that or receive punishment for that.” 
He kept his mouth shut as he heard from Anubis loudly whispering “Talk Horus.” 
He spoke “Well what you want from me anyway?”
Jinks got a fist into his stomach making him grunt loudly as he heard Anubis speaking “No questions asked to the High Council period.”
He spoke “Now you tell me Anubis. You could have said something about that and spared me the fist from you.” 
He glared at Anubis standing nearby that looked away which he looked at the High Council glare still on his face. 
He heard from Shad “Ramses transport Horus to the Tee Dees for his unacceptable behavior towards us now.” 
He felt the Falcons release their holds on his arms and found himself in the jungle again hearing familiar roaring noises as the bushes around him rumbled showing Tee Dees coming into view that walked around him in a circle. 
He yelled “Help me out of here now!”
Jinks stiffened as the scene changed to find he in a familiar room belonging to the High Council and heard a familiar voice sounding angry “Bastard offspring to pull this onto me.” 
Jinks looked at the speaker to find Barry awake seated on the bed with feet on the floor along with his cane in his hand with an angry look on his face. 
He kept his mouth shut as Barry continued sounding angry “You had to do it didn’t you? Everything was so perfect and fine enough then you came along and wrecked things up.” 
He heard from Lance abruptly “He’s just angry and is taking it out on you due to having feelings running through him that are bothering him.” 
Jinks wisely kept his mouth shut as he heard Barry speaking sounding still angry “Don’t listen to what lies that Meritanian is telling you about me. Their nothing but lies anyway. He’s just trying to get you to see the High Council’s views towards me.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut in response as Barry paused to speak gibberish and found the scene changed to feel coldness all around him. Jinks discovered himself standing in some ice cave along with feeling sleepiness hitting him that became too powerful which he laid his form down on the iced ground and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

End Book 
