War of Mars: Jinks Montreal 2
Edenia Series by Beth Hoyer

An Unedited and Unabridged “I am Lance Richard, Deity Lord’s” file story with editing as Brandis the Record Keeper, somewhat unedited story file included.
Copyright Smashwords 2016

Prologue:
This is Jinks Montreal’s Story through Brandis the Record Keeper

Acknowledgement:
“I, Brandis the Record Keeper keep on getting Zerra the Meritanian blaring the wording of ‘Jinks Montreal’ onto me and another word ‘Remember him!’
She keeps on saying that into some insisting tone annoying me. I’m not entirely sure of what’s so special about this wording I keep on getting. I don’t get it the name Jinks rhymes with inks despite hearing a faint roaring noise of anger whenever thinking of the ink wording. Ugh. I might as well do what’s she’s blaring onto me and think of the name Jinks Montreal and hope I have an enough writing paper to write down his story.” 

“Story begins the moment Jinks Montreal wakes up from being put to sleep by Lance Richard doing it to him.”

Jinks wakes up lying in bed he feels is familiar sensing it’s his bedroom bed in his condo apartment wearing his sweatpants and nothing on his form. He jerks his eyes open to feel himself alone. He looks around the room to see it’s the same but there are things that weren’t there before. He eyes the room seeing two arm chairs in the corner and a bookshelf of books in it with lamps in the room. He gets up with stiffness running through him to spot a picture frame on the dresser holding a picture of Demeter in a sitting pose with her left leg sticking out looking at the camera with some happy look in her eyes. He frowns seeing the photo senses she’s not in the apartment goes out of the bedroom to look in the other bedroom to spot its still a guest room but has bookshelves with books in them along with an armchair and lamps scattered in the room. Frowning he walks downstairs to the living room to see that things are still the same but sensing a difference. 
He senses that Demeter isn’t in the apartment thinks “I wonder where she went.” 
Jinks eyed the TV equipment to see that the date is different along with the year. He frowns as his mind registers that twenty years have passed since he was shot in the chest feels confusion on why he was knocked out that long. He spots an envelope on the TV screen taped to it addressed to him which he walks up to it and yanks it off to open it.
Jinks reading the contents that detail “The shooter shooting Jinks Montreal shot him in the chest right in the heart area causing damage to the heart. The bullet was taken out but there was damage indicating non Human life form. Jinks were transferred to the Zesky Asylum Hospital focusing onto non Humans’ life forms. They had him put in some sleep coma because of his body having the ability to heal from the damage by sleeping the healing in some coma. The coma lasted twenty years with checking on them to see if he was healing or not. Jinks through tests revealed other injuries such as muscle damage to other areas on the body along with lungs damaged from suspiciously like water getting into them with injuries consisted of knife wounds inside the body with skin showing no damage on the surface and some cracked bones.” 
Jinks frowned reading the envelope’s contents using his name of Jinks Montreal including referring him as he with nothing to say you. The envelope was a letter with several sheets of paper. 
Jinks continued to read it detailed “The twenty year coma healed him up restoring him back to health.” 
He rubbed a hand on his forehead as the paper continued to mention “Demeter lived a long life at the Zesky Asylum hospital as a pet to its president Alexei Zesky. She recently passed away two years ago. Alexei had her body cremated and ashes scattered over the ocean.” 
Jinks felt he go numb from sadness hitting him as he felt the loss of Demeter hitting him hard. 
He felt himself sad sighed and continued to read “Burke Richardson recently with Scotland’s pressuring him admitted to being behind the shooting of Jinks Montreal’s himself. He admitted being the one who pulled the trigger.” 
Jinks felt himself angry reading that willed himself to calm as the letter detailed “Burke a year after Jinks was put in a coma someone rigged the man’s car to blow up with Richardson inside killing the man which no one has claimed responsibility. The car explosion was suspected to be done by a peasant retaliating against Burke for what he did to Jinks himself viewed as the Master.” 
He sighed as he continued to read “One of the neighborhood’s kids’ parents went to Jinks apartment and found the door open. Jinks Montreal found lying in the hallway looking shot called the emergency services who took Jinks to the hospital. The kids in question after pressure from Trent the town’s police chief and other police officers admitted to their parents themselves responsible for pranks done on Jinks. The kids admitting that they were lying about Jinks doing it with the peasant group members living in the neighborhood backing them up with video evidence. The kids wound up serving detention after school for the remainder of their time at the middle school every day as punishment for their actions.” 
Jinks sighed as he paused from reading then continued to read that it detailed “Wethersfield High School held a memorial service for Jinks Montreal and planted a tree in his memory. The tree is currently thriving on the school land with a sign detailing it was planted in his memory.” 
He reached the end of the letter to read it was signed by “McBroom and Associates’” business signature. 
He sighed and folded up the letter and placed it back into the envelope. Jinks went to the couch dresser and yanked open a drawer to see it was empty of papers but holding his familiar wallet and keys. Jinks placed the letter inside and shut the drawer door closed. He rubbed a hand on his forehead and eyed the time seeing it was eight o’clock in the morning. Sighing he walked to his bedroom and looked in the drawers of each dresser seeing his clothes were still in there and looked in the closet seeing the familiar dressy clothes were still in their spots.  Jinks went to the dresser and pulled out some clothes and walked to the bathroom going inside to shower and then once done placed the clothes on his form. He brushed his hair and walked downstairs to the kitchen to peer into the refrigerator seeing it stocked with food which he pulled out some waffles and popped two in the toaster. He yanked out the orange juice carton and poured some in a cup. He leaned against the counter feeling himself stiff but not too stiff. He went to the living room and did his limber stretching exercises taking his time and doing it slowly while feeling his muscles relax from the stiffness hitting. He heard the toaster sound its noise went into the kitchen and grabbed the waffles munching on them then went to the TV turning it on. He flicked through the channels seeing them unfamiliar to him and continued till one showed the local news and settled on the channel. He watched TV as the TV droned its noises. 
He frowned as a news report detailing “We’re announcing the passing of Roosevelt Knight former governor of New York from a heart attack five days ago.” blared on the screen. 
He groaned seeing the report as it detailed “There was no wake but burial at a cemetery in Wolf’s Howl, New York later in the day in the afternoon.” and noted the location. 
Jinks after eating got up from the couch and went to the phone book looking through it. 
He found a national cab service dialed the number and waited as a female voice came on the line speaking the cab business’ name in a Highlander accent “National Cab Service. How may I help you?” 
Jinks spoke “I like to charter a cab to Wolf’s Howl, New York from Wethersfield, Connecticut as soon as possible.”
He paused hearing typing noises then the female spoke “Who is the person being transferred to the location? May I have the name please?”
He sighed and spoke “Jinks Montreal and that would be me.” 
He heard a gasp sound from the female who then spoke “We have a cab available which will head to your location soon. The meeting spot is outside the apartment complex in the road.”
He listened as she rattled off the cab’s description and its driver along with the time frame of arrival and its meeting spot then heard her ask him “If you wanted anything else?” 
He spoke “No thank you.” 
Jinks hung up and then shut off the TV. He jogged to his bedroom to the closet and stripped himself of his clothes leaving his underwear shorts on and placed on his form dressy clothing and dressy booted shoes while seeing a long double breasted coat made out of wool material in the color black in the closet. Jinks looked out the window seeing some snow on the ground and figured it was cold outside. He placed on the coat and found gloves in the pockets put on his hands then eyed the dressers seeing one had a cowboy like black hat and sunglasses next to it which he placed on his head. Jinks walked down the stairs and went to the couch’s dresser yanking out his keys and wallet putting them in his pockets of his pants then walked out of the apartment into the cold air feeling himself a little happy breathing the fresh air. He walked to the edges of the complex that met the road at the meeting spot and stood with arms folded eyes staring at the lake that looked frozen of ice. 
He frowned wondering to himself thinking “Janel and the kids. I’m wondering if the children were told of me.” 
A car horn noise broke him of his reverie which he looked to see the cab was here with a Highlander in the driver’s seat that looked impatient. He sighed and got into the cab and felt it move driving through the streets. 
He looked out the window seeing parts of Wethersfield looking the same and frowned thinking to he “I’m wondering what changes hit the town since I was out in a coma.” 
He continued to look out the window lost in thought as the cab drove through Connecticut and entered New York. 
He shut his eyes falling asleep passing out unconscious and woke up hearing the driver’s voice speaking in a loud tone “Almost there to Wolf’s Howl so be ready to get out of the car. I have business that requires me elsewhere so be ready.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as the car drove on a dirt road and then reached the cemetery which he saw a group of people gathered on a hill frowned seeing them. The car stopped and Jinks got out of the cab at the cemetery and stood closing the cab’s door and heard it drive away. He frowned watching a group of people standing in the cold in a semi circle with their backs to him a good distance away from him. He adjusted his wide brimmed hat covering the top of his head and his sunglasses on his face covering his blue eyes with his gloved hands and joined the group to stand watching and listening. He exhaled a breath through his mouth as the priest gave the rites over a coffin with flowers on top he saw through the crowd he assumed held Roosevelt Knight’s body. Jinks frowned as the priest finished his sermon and then people gathered around started walking away followed by the priest walking in his direction. He saw a female form with salt and pepper short hair he recognized as Janel who stood with head bowed appearing to be staring at the coffin. He exhaled a breath through the cold air and walked forwards towards Janel who stood motionless from her position. Jinks saw two figures appearing to be in their early twenties, a male and a female with the male having his face and the female having Janel’s face a meter away from Janel looking at her and at the crowd leaving. He recognized them as Lance and Lizette Knight, Janel’s two children he fathered through her and slowly made his way towards Janel to stand next to her. He peered at Janel with his eyes to see her head bowed towards the coffin with eyes covered with sunglasses and her lips were in a frown and her hands gloved were clasped in front of her. Jinks sighed softly and gently laid a gloved hand on Janel’s shoulder who he sensed felt his touch from stiffening her form underneath his hand. 
He spoke “Janel.” 
Jinks heard Janel give off a gasp sound followed by her giving off crying sounds as her lips formed a grimace. He gently pulled Janel towards him to put his arms around her in a hug stroking her back as she continued to give off sounds of weeping. Jinks felt Janel’s hands touch his chest with fingers digging into his long coat as she continued to cry tears. 
He held Janel as two voices male and female sounded on his right “Mama.” 
Jinks looked to see Lance and Lizette next to him who both kids held up their hands and he gently moved Janel from his arms to the kids’ hands who each gripped Janel’s arm taking her away. He silently followed them walking towards a limo watching as they got inside. 
Jinks heard ahem noise and looked at his left to see the limo’s driver a Highlander who spoke “Get in the car.” 
He heard the firmness in the Highlander’s voice tone obeyed without question to sit inside on a seat sideways opposite from Janel and the kids. Jinks saw Janel leaning back in the seat sleeping between her children without her sunglasses on looking like she was exhausted by the dark circles underneath her closed eyes. 
He eyed Janel as Lizette spoke with confusion in her voice “You seem familiar. Have we met before?”
Jinks eyed Lizette who looked at him with a frown in her face and confusion in her eyes and he looked at Lance Knight who had an identical expression on his face and eyes.  Sighing softly he reached with a gloved hand and took off the sunglasses from his face to stare at the kids who he saw had identical looks of recognition followed by reverence in their eyes. It was assumed the looks were reverence when it turned out to be some smirking confident look putting me off.  He nodded his head in a short bob towards the kids as he put away his sunglasses in an inside coat pocket. 
Lizette spoke with her face brightening showing some happiness “You came.” 
Jinks again nodded his head towards Lizette as Lance Knight spoke “Mama has been very upset with Papa dying unexpectedly, Dad.” 
He sighed softly at the word Dad seeing Lance’s face looking serious with eyes showing hope in them. Limo takes Jinks, Janel and kids to Albany, New York. On the way to the city Jinks and kids have conversation.
Jinks wound up manipulating the kids to tell him “Kindly tell me about your lives.” while not being forthcoming about his life.
 Jinks get the sense that the kids seem aware of what happened to him. 
Kids tell him via Lizette “Our parents put us in karate since we were old enough to take classes. We currently have black belts in karate. We have already competed in several tournaments for black belts with them sometimes winning awards in first place or other places in the ranks. Roosevelt our adoptive father moved from California to New York after finishing his term as a senator of California and later ran for governor of New York. Roosevelt won election and was governor for most of our childhood lives. He had a heart attack over a year ago from too much stress according to the doctors and didn’t run for reelection but retired quietly living in New York City to ease his stress.” 
Jinks ask about them “You being aware of me being your father?” 
Lizette appearing to do much of the talking while Lance Knight as I refer the son was silent say “After Roosevelt retired from being governor stepping down a month after his first heart attack he had the us escort him to the Zesky Hospital under a guise of seeing a friend there. He had us shown Jinks Montreal yourself sleeping in some kind of cylinder tank. He told us who Jinks Montreal was to us along with mentioning Lance Richard an ancestor of the family who’s body your is currently inhibiting including mentioning what happened to you and why you was in the cylinder asleep.” 
Jinks ask the kids “What about knowing that Roosevelt wasn’t your father despite being raised by him?” 
He frowns as Lizette still doing the talking explain to him “Our mother the moment we started to talk made it clear to us reminding us over the years till we saw you in the cylinder asleep ‘Roosevelt is your adoptive father. Your actual father couldn’t be around to help take care of you.’” 
He nods his head as Lizette add “Our mother made it clear to us over the years ‘You would meet your biological father once you were old enough.’ 
We have at the Zesky Asylum Hospital seeing you in the cylinder. We weren’t allowed to touch you for you couldn’t be taken out of the cylinder. You not fully recovered from your injuries your body was trying to heal off by itself in a sleeping coma.” 
Jinks tell kids “I think I fathered other children through other females and are wondering if you two know about it.” 
Lizette appearing to be a blabbermouth tell him “After seeing you in the cylinder we were told by the Zesky Asylum Hospital’s president Alexei Zesky who had shown us records of two offsprings both males who you yourself fathered through two females one a Highlander and the other a Human. The Highlander’s son Michael according to the records was adopted at a young age to a couple a male Highlander and his wife a female Human. His mother being murdered and the murderer later killed off. Michael has been made aware of his parentage from an early age and like us was put in karate. He has a black belt and competed in tournaments focusing on weapons and body forms but not the fighting tournaments we do sometimes winning and sometimes losing.” 
He nods his head as Lizette add “Before we and Michael were aware of being siblings we have crossed paths with Michael at tournaments and have gotten friendly with him enough to keep contact through other ways besides face to face meetings.” 
Jinks spoke “I ask about the Human female’s son.” and sees sad looks on Lizette’s face despite Lance Knight is glaring angrily.
Lizette who tell him “The Human female named Eve wound up mentally insane while carrying her son named Evan. She wound up locked up in a mental asylum and is still locked up. Her son Evan was raised by a Highlander couple who were doctors specialized in mental illness to check Evan for signs of mental illness and to help him cope with it. Evan according to the Zesky Asylum Hospital’s records wound up as a problem child while rebelling against authority repeatedly. He reached his current age where he was later put in the same mental asylum as his mother because of a mental illness taking control of him.” 
He frowns as Lizette add “According to tests and the records the mental illness Evan has is hallucinations through his eyes seeing things that aren’t there that have bothered him enough to break into someone’s house and go around doing damage to it. He was caught and brought to the mental asylum. His mother has a worse mental illness which is hearing voices in her mind and seeing hallucinations through her eyes. She has a twin brother named Evan who is a regular visitor to Eve at the mental asylum. The records detail that Eve would go into some catatonia like state in presence of her brother Evan every time he visits her instead of doing multiple outbursts of talking and throwing herself to the walls repeatedly over and over.” 
Jinks frown hearing that asks the kids “Do you think you have some special abilities?” while trying to find out if they did have any powers like himself. 
He listens as Lizette talks “Roosevelt made it clear to us ‘Our special abilities were for helping people better their lives and not for selfish gain.’
 We not the only ones with those powers, Michael has them himself and he has been taught to use them for helping people very clearly as he grew up.” 
He spoke “What about Evan?” who Lizette appearing to be fond of her Father despite Lance Knight seen glancing at her with glares of annoyance speaks “Tests were done on Evan as he grew up who displayed no special ability or seemed to have those powers himself. Evan has a very high intelligent mind in thinking things but hasn’t been using his mind to help people but mostly for selfish gain to rebel against authority.” 
Limo arrives to Albany “We’ve arrived to Albany!” according to the driver where the sun is nearing nightfall. 
Jinks watched as Lance Knight waked up his mother who woke up with a start gasping loudly. He frowned as Janel’s eyes fell on him with shock in them along with the look changing to sadness. He nodded his head towards Janel who he watched put a hand covering her eyes and groaning loudly. He saw Lizette whisper words unheard in Janel’s ear that formed a frown on her face and then nodded her head. Jinks watched Janel who appeared to be comforted by the kids putting arms around her and whispering words unheard in her ears.  Jinks sat in the limo as it stopped at a hotel.
Jinks sit in the limo as it stops at a hotel and Lizette explain to him “The driver is at your service to drive you any where in the city but can’t leave the city from obligations to serve Mother and us.” 
He nods his head as Janel and the kids get out of the limo going into the hotel. 
He gets into the seat the three vacated and asks the driver “Whether you knows where Eve and her son Evan is in a mental asylum?” which the driver says “There’s one in the capital city. It’s the one where Eve and Evan are in as overheard the conversation excuse me. I’ll drive you to there.” 
Limo drives to the mental asylum which he puts his sunglasses back on his face walks inside unnoticed by Highlanders and Humans ignoring him. He uses his powers to unlock gated doors in the hallways and travels walking through the asylum as if guided by something really Meritanian’s manipulation. Jinks walks pass a man with some grey in his hair sitting on a bench having hands covering his eyes while wearing a peasant group outfit. He spots a doorway besides the man and walks into the room to see Eve with some grey in her hair that is short lying in bed restrained wearing a white hospital gown looking like she’s in catatonia. He stares at her and then hears a step in the room to see the man at the bench he recognizes as Evan and shows himself to Evan by taking off his sunglasses. 
Evan he sees seems angry to see him “I demands the Master to leave!” 
Jinks walks to the doorway putting on his sunglasses and the pauses to quietly walk to Evan who kneels next to the bed. Jinks gently takes off a glove and places his bare hand on Evan’s forehead who jerks from the touch as he senses electrical currents spill from him into Evan. He releases his hold on Evan’s forehead that bursts into tears crying uncontrollably. He steps back going to a corner of the room to stand watching and puts on his glove as a woman with brown hair and green eyes appearing to look like Edenia’s Ambassadorial representative Georgina wearing a doctor’s coat and a dress underneath enters the room. He watches as woman comforts Evan kissing him on the lips while kneeling next to the man. Jinks leave the room sensing that the two are going to do a lot more than just kissing. He walks out and then walks as if drawn going pass doorways going inside a doorway to a room. He sees lying on a bed is a male wearing a hospital gown with a blanket on his form appearing to be early twenties wearing a blindfold and restrained with Eve’s color hair and lips looking like Eve’s. He stares at the male he senses is his son and undoes a glove putting a hand on his son’s forehead feeling electrical currents come from him into his son. He puts back on a glove and stares at his son who starts crying out in terror like sounds in a very loud tone.
Jinks goes to a corner to watch as a female Human looking twin to Georgina but odd looks of black hair and black eyes despite the facial looking twin but appearing to be younger while dressed in medical scrubs comes into the room not noticing him.
The female appeared to grip his son’s hand that bursts crying out “I need help! I want the help to live a normal life! Not like the way I is now!” 
He watches as the Human female reassures his son calling him “Evan, I’ll help you and will make sure you get the help.” 
Jinks quietly leave the room walking out of to the hallway and out of the mental asylum knowing “My son Evan will get the help he needs.” 
He goes back to the limo which takes him to the hotel Janel and the kids dropped off at as the sun disappears down the horizon.
The driver tells him “You’re to go inside and see about getting a ride to Connecticut.” 
Jinks get out of the limo to go inside the hotel to the lobby desk seeing a Highlander there that through mental talk tells him Janel’s room number and the floor its at. “The code for knocking on the door to get her to open it is three knocks.” 
He takes the elevator to the floor and finds the door and puts away his sunglasses then knocking three knocks to stand and wait as Janel opens the door looking annoyed.
Jinks spoke “I ask if I can come in. I want to talk to you.” 
He frowns as Janel lets him in slamming the door behind him which tells him she’s not happy about something which he as politely as he could “I’m asking about the door slamming and your mood.” 
Janel he stares at speaks with annoyance in her tone “The kids put me to sleep using their mental powers. They did the same with waking me up. I discovering you, Jinks in the limo with the kids, tell me that the kids and you had some sort of talk. I don’t know what the subject is, despite my nagging the kids to tell me who again used their powers to put me to sleep, once I was in my hotel room. I just woke up by impulse to hear you knocking on the door.” 
Jinks speak a summary to Janel the conversation he had with the kids who appear to frown but nods her head at his words.  Jinks sees that Janel looks haggard and tired undoes his gloves putting them away and puts hands on her cheeks gently rubbing with no protest from her. 
He puts his fingers in her hair to touch her head and massages her scalp while bringing his face closer to Janel’s face thinking “I’ll kiss her. She’s now mine since she’s free for me to have.” 
He sees Janel close her eyes with a pleasant expression on her face as if enjoying the scalp massage. His face an inch away from her face stiffens as a hand touches his forehead he feels is not Janel’s and feels a compulsion to shut his eyes which overtakes him and he does it. 

Jinks open his eyes to find himself sitting in a cab with night vision in his eyes head leaning back in the seat while wearing his gloves. He feels confused on how he got to the cab gets a memory of himself releasing his hold on Janel. The hand releases its hold on his forehead to put on his gloves while seeing the kids in the room who appear to put Janel to bed putting her down asleep. Jinks recalled from the memory walks out of the room taking a route to the lobby.
Jinks goes to a Human female there and spoke “I requests your phone.” which she hands him. 
He recalls that he called the national cab service and got a cab to the hotel where he went outside waiting which the cab arrived and he got inside and leaned back shutting his eyes only to open them discovering he in the cab. 
Jinks groaned figuring out to he “The kids used their mental powers to get me to leave Janel to take a cab home.” 
He sighed leaning his head back and shut his eyes to dream of himself at a familiar beach facing Lance Richard who had some annoyed look on his face. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “About time we met again. I had no luck on contacting you while you were in your healing sleep. I observed several things about your spirit while your body was sleeping which I wasn’t able to contact. Harrumph.” 
He formed a frown on his face with confusion running through him. 
He stared at Lance who continued speaking “The things I observed with your spirit are you were visiting people in dreams and manipulating their dreams to your way. You also were inhibiting people mostly males’ bodies to do things you wanted such as doing this fighting method I heard called karate. That body inhibiting includes doing mating while in a male’s body to a female which was done too many times to count.”
Jinks frowned some more as no memory of Lance’s words came to his mind as he stared at the man. 
He saw Lance shake his head giving off a sound of disgust before the man again spoke “All of those females you mated with in some male’s body wound up carrying a baby including some that were said to be barren wound up with child shocking them. Also there’s this obsession with you doing karate which I find really odd. I observed you inhibiting a male’s body after he tripped while at a karate tournament and competed against others nearly winning but only lost to some guy named Tan Lee.”
Jinks stiffened hearing the name Tan Lee as Lance kept on talking “I saw that while this Tan Lee was fighting the male you were in that he seemed to be aware of you inhibiting the man’s body from his thinking when he was fighting. Ugh also you visited Tan Lee in dreams repeatedly manipulating him to dream of losing fights in tournaments and that includes yourself fighting him and winning the fight despite him begging you to stop bothering him. There were cases of you inhibiting Tan Lee’s body keeping him up at a late hour at night to practice karate and that includes using whatever weapons that was on hand to keep on practicing.”
Jinks rubbed a hand on his forehead feeling himself confused and bewildered as Lance paused from talking. 

“I’m not sure why’s Jinks not getting any memories of Lance’s talk. I figured that Lance’s talk indicated another clone of Jinks Montreal that could do that body spirit inhibiting method something Jinks Montreal couldn’t do himself. Hence he was getting no memory of Lance’s talk.”

Jinks saw Lance’s eyes narrow turning all black with a glare aimed at him that made him feel nervous. 
Lance spoke with anger in his voice “You did this torment to Tan Lee for one Human calendar month till something I’m not sure what abruptly stopped you from doing more of the tormenting. Yet you kept up doing what you were previously doing to Tan Lee to other people including those kids who tormented you with their pranks. A pity that those kids never had a good night’s sleep from what you were doing to them till they graduated from some school they were currently in which the torment stopped. Harrumph.”
Jinks folded his arms to smile a sick smile while looking away from Lance to stare at the water feeling satisfaction hitting him. He jerked hitting the ground onto his back from a fist connecting with his jaw and groaned from the pain. He lay on the ground on his back as a foot was placed on his chest holding him down. He looked at foot’s owner seeing it belonged to Lance himself who still had that black eyed look in his eyes with some look of fury on his face. Jinks remembered his karate raised his hands only to feel paralysis as Lance waved a hand towards him which got his hands to hit the ground as if heavy. He stared at Lance who removed his foot to bend down leaning towards him while folding his arms. 
Lance he stared at spoke “I’m disappointed in your reaction to what I told you about those kids. You should be ashamed for yourself being shot by that idiot Burke got those kids to admit what they did to you to their parents with the Peasants backing them up with video evidence. Those kids wound up serving something called detention for the remainder of their time at the school they were currently attending as punishment.”
Jinks groaned as Lance’s foot connected with his stomach. 
He spoke “Please-“
Jinks were interrupted by Lance speaking still sounding furious “Please what? Why should I give you mercy when you should be punished? You deserve it for what you did to those poor people causing them problems and leaving a big mess for them to clean up from those stunts you pulled on them.”
Jinks opened his mouth to speak and felt a foot on his throat pressed down hard gagging him as Lance kept on talking “I have something in mind for you to be punished for that big mess you created that I had to clean up once you were done doing your stunts. Just wait till you see what it’ll be and you’ll regret your actions for creating that big mess.”
He saw Lance look away from him then bent down covering his eyes as he felt paralysis gone and came to find himself back in the cab hearing the cab driver’s voice speaking “We’re in Wethersfield now. Be ready to get out for I have business that requires me elsewhere.” 
Jinks straightened his form to look out the window seeing the town’s familiar landmarks as the cab drove through it reaching his street and stopped at the apartment complex. Jinks got out of the cab slamming the door and walked towards his apartment while hearing the cab drive away. He groaned remembering Lance’s words about punishing him with something he’ll find out. Jinks went to his apartment and pulled out his keys which he unlocked the door and once inside locked both doors then put away his wallet and keys. He went to his bedroom stripping himself out of his dressy clothes and hanging them up. He placed the hat on the dresser and eyed the clock next to the bed seeing it was early evening around six o’clock. He went to place on his form his clothes he first worn at the beginning of the day along with putting on his sneakers. Sighing he wandered downstairs to look around the apartment seeing that things were the same at closer inspection. He went to the couch and sat then turned on a lamp pulling the phone book onto his lap. He leafed through it searching for the desired page and listing for animal sanctuaries which he read looking at the wording very closely. He found one listing for cats reached for the phone and dialed the number listening as the phone rang several times. 
He frowned as he reached the answering machine hearing it speaking in a female voice “Last Post Cat Sanctuary. Sorry can’t reach the phone now please leave your name and number and we’ll get back to you.” 
Jinks remembering Demeter opened his mouth to speak clamped his mouth shut as it dawned to him that he didn’t know his apartment’s phone number hung up the phone with a groan. He looked at the address of the cat sanctuary seeing it was out of town and figured that it was too late to go there. 
Jinks spoke out loud “First thing in the morning I’m going to the cat sanctuary and I’m getting a cat. I just can’t wait to do that tomorrow. It’ll be great for me.” 
He nodded his head feeling a little happy with his words as sleepiness arrived hitting him. Jinks shut off the lamp putting the phone book still open on the couch dresser next to him and leaned back against the couch shutting his eyes. Jinks found he back at the beach gagged on the throat by an irate Lance who still had that black eyed look in his eyes. 
He heard Lance speak with anger in his voice “You will forget about getting a cat period. I mean it and I expect you to obey me or else.” 
Jinks gagged out “But-“
He was interrupted by Lance still using anger in his tone “No buts Jinks. Forget it or else. Just don’t do it for I mean it.” 
Jinks groaned through the gagging as Lance added “I don’t care whether you’re lonely or not for you’re not getting a cat period. I expect this order obeyed and you will do it even if I have to manipulate people in reminding you to do it.”
He opened his mouth and felt a hand covering his eyes and woke up with a jerk on the couch feeling rage running through him. He glared at the phone book and slammed it closed and then threw it at the wall which it slid down behind the arm chair. He felt himself getting angrier got up from the couch and stormed to the basement door slamming it open and ran down the stairs reaching it. He stood with shock running through him to see that instead of the padded walls and punching bag with padded floors the room appeared to be converted into a TV viewing room complete with a large couch along with closets and a wooden floor. He growled loudly as his rage became full blown allowed it to take control passing out. 

Jinks came to find he lying in bed in his bedroom with the sunlight blaring through an open window with the shade up. He groaned eyeing the clock seeing it was nine o’clock in the morning got up from the bed and went to the window shade yanking it down. He frowned recalling himself being angry the previous night and running down to the basement only to find it was a TV viewing room before letting anger take control of him. Jinks rubbed a hand through his hair and went out of the bedroom heading towards the basement. He found the door still open flicked the switch on and frowned as darkness remained in the basement. He flicked the switch off and slowly walked down the stairs to see with night vision at the room. He grimaced seeing the contents looked destroyed as if it went through a tornado. He looked around the room seeing the walls were bare and concrete looking with items appearing to be insulation and walls scattered on the floor in pieces along with track lights that were on the ceiling lying on the floor appearing to be destroyed. He looked at the furniture seeing that they were destroyed in pieces along with closets that were in the room were no longer standing as closets with items scattered on the floor. 
Groaning he spoke out loud “Who the depths was living in this apartment while I was out sleeping?”
He recalled McBroom and Associates’ letter darted upstairs to the living room where he went to the couch dresser and yanked out the envelope and papers to scan. He found the McBroom and Associates’ phone number memorized it then placed the papers back into the envelope and stuffed it back into the couch dresser. 
He went to the phone and dialed the number waiting impatiently through the ringing as a female voice sounding Human like came on the line speaking “McBroom and Associates.”        
Jinks spoke “This is Jinks Montreal of condo apartment fifty nine in the Sharon Lane apartment complex in Wethersfield.”
He paused hearing a gasp sound continued speaking “I’m calling to inquire who had ownership of the condo apartment including who lived there. I’m currently living in starting at twenty years in the past till now.” 
He frowned feeling impatient as he heard computer typing sounds clicking and felt himself getting more impatient as the clicking continued. 
He opened his mouth to speak when the female voice came on the line speaking “Ownership starting twenty years ago was by a Burke Richardson for a year that is said to live there on and off for a year’s time.  Then ownership passed to McBroom and Associates through purchase just prior to Richardson’s death that currently have the ownership. There were tenants living in the apartment starting with a Shira Dario seventeen years ago. This Shira lived for three years before moving out and this person is the longest to live there. There were others on the list that is quite numerous to name who averaged lived at the apartment for three months before moving out. The last paying tenant was over a year ago named Roosevelt Knight who stopped with the payments at that time. The apartment has been unoccupied with no paying tenant until you took residence in it.”
He frowned as the female paused then continued “That’s all the records we have on the apartment. Is there anything else?”
Jinks spoke “No, but what’s the policy on pets such as having a cat?”
He recalled his dream as he waited for a reply and heard the female voice speak “There’s no policy on having any kind of pet at the apartment.”
He spoke “Thank you for your time.” 
Jinks heard the female speak “Your welcome.” 
He hung up the phone and spoke out loud eyes staring at the ceiling “I’m getting a cat period. I don’t care how but I’m getting one. I don’t give a damn that you don’t want me to have one. I still want to get a cat. I’ll do what it takes to do that cat adoption so go to the depths, Lance.” 
Jinks lowered his eyes to raise a fist towards the ceiling and then went to the armchair to look for the phone book he found behind it. He grabbed the phone book and went to the couch to sit opening it to the desired page. He found the cat sanctuary phone number reached for the phone only to hear it ringing its noises. 
He eyed the caller ID seeing it said “McBroom and Associates.” 
Jinks sighed and picked up the phone speaking “Hello Jinks Montreal speaking.”
He paused as a male voice sounding Highlander like came on the phone speaking “This is Lars McBroom calling to apologize for my secretary’s error regarding pets.” 
He stiffened hearing that as Lars continued to speak “With due respects there is a policy regarding pets for tenants living in the apartment you are currently occupying.” 
Jinks glared at the ceiling thinking as Lars paused “Oh this must be part of Lance’s machinations.” 
He spoke “What policy you’re implying?”
He waited hearing computer clicking noises then Lars’s voice came back on the line “The policy is that tenant must wait twelve Human calendar months to acquire a pet while living in the condo apartment.”
Jinks waved a fist towards the ceiling with anger running through him as Lars kept talking “During that time the tenant must prove readiness for occupying the condo apartment for long time use such as over a three year period and not just for a few months such as a three month period. The tenant must submit writings on all the required forms that’ll be sent in the mail for the occupying time and prove that their still having readiness for long term use.”
Jinks felt he getting angrier heard Lars speaking “The tenant at the end of the twelve month period must submit to McBroom and Associates a form detailing their interests in having a pet. What kind of pet it’ll be including where they’ll acquire the pet. This must be met for approval by the firm then they can proceed with the adoption providing its approved first.”
He growled a soft sound as Lars paused to add “I’m sorry about this Mr. Montreal but this policy was set in place five years ago and is strictly enforced by the local police. Failure to heed this policy will mean the tenant will be removed from the apartment and the pet they adopted returned to where they acquired it along with a one thousand dollar fine to be paid for not heeding the policy. Is there anything else Mr. Montreal?”
Jinks spoke struggling to keep anger out of his voice tone “Nothing but thank you for your time.” 
He slammed the phone down hanging it up and got up from the couch to pace while waving his arms with hands fisted. He felt himself furiously angry darted down to the basement slamming the door and with a glare aimed at the room trashed items allowed the rage to overtake him putting him out. 

Jinks came to find he in a calm mood while lying on a mattress with a stone ceiling showing a round overhead light. He frowned seeing it looked familiar to him sat up to face familiar bars he recognized as a jail cell. Groaning he looked around to see that he was correct on being in a jail cell and recognized it as the Wethersfield Police Department’s jail cell. Groaning he went to the bars sensing electricity humming through them kept his hands to himself. 
He sighed and yelled “Hello?! Is there anybody there?! Answer me!”
Jinks heard an irate male voice sounding like it was in a jail cell next to his speaking “Do you mind?! I’m trying to sleep so shut up!” 
Jinks groaned feeling annoyance running through him. He heard a bang sound that sounded like the door to the jail cell hallway opening and peered through the bars to see a female Highlander appearing to be Human with blonde hair dressed in a police uniform walk into view. 
He heard the irate male voice speak “Trent tell that buffoon to shut up I’m trying to sleep!” 
Jinks frowned at the name Trent stared at the female who stared at him with a narrowed eyed look when she reached his jail cell. He stiffened seeing that she seemed familiar to him like he knew her someplace. 
Jinks spoke “Excuse me what am I doing in here?” 
He saw the female roll her eyes and raise her hands which he saw were covered in wire like gloves moving them in gestures he recognized as sign language while hearing an electronic female voice sounding “You don’t remember? I’m surprised that you don’t remember.”
Jinks frowned staring at the female as the memory of a female high school student named Cassidy Holmes-Trent came to his mind. 
He spoke with confusion in his voice “Wouldn’t you be Cassidy Holmes-Trent the police chief’s daughter?”
He frowned as he saw her eyes widen then narrow boring at him which told him he guess her identity corrects. 
He stared at her as she signed “Your right I’m Cassidy. I recognized you as Jinks Montreal from high school. I’m surprised that you’re looking the same as twenty years ago. As for my father he retired five years ago and my step brother Stanley Brown has taken the chief position.”
Jinks spoke “Oh interesting but what am I doing in this cell anyway?”
He saw a frown appear on Cassidy’s face who signed “While on patrol near your neighborhood I received a call detailing that some guy was trashing a car with people locked inside it. I went to investigate with my step brother Steven Brown which arriving there we found you attacking a sedan with an adult female and four kids inside it. You appeared to be sick with something suspiciously like drugs from the angry gonoid behavior you were displaying while attacking the car with those people inside. Also we had to knock you out by Taser gun which was slow to put you out. Now according to the adult female one of the kids’ parents she complained to us that you sprayed the kids with some water hose and she went to your apartment to confront you on that. For some reason you answered the door irately in a bad mood and acted like you were high on drugs in her presence. She and the kids hightailed out of there with you giving chase. They took refuge in her car which you attacked and kept on doing it till I and Steven arrived.”
Jinks spoke “I ask how long I was in the jail cell?” 
Jinks is told “You was in the jail cell all night with some of the officers observing you acting like you was still angry judging by your behavior while asleep during the night. The time is morning late hour now.” 
Jinks don’t comment frowns and asks “What the charges are against me?” Cassidy tells him “There are no charges, just a money fine of five hundred dollars for being arrested according to the state law. Anyone arrested is fined five hundred dollars.” 
Jinks shrug as Cassidy gets him out of the jail cell. 
He sees the irate male is some tanned skinned guy appearing to be familiar who he asks “Cassidy, who the guy is?” 
Jinks told “He is Jose Ramirez the reputed town drunk and an alcoholic.” 
He frown asking Cassidy “If Jose is the same one from High School?” and is told “It is him who became an alcoholic. Not having any family and being alone in the world. He’s is not listening to people who tell him to get a female to mate with to have children with to pass on his family legacy.”  
Jinks frown as Cassidy leads him to the Chief’s office where he meets Stanley Brown who is a bald man with a mustache and a beard on his face. 
He hears Cassidy tell “Stanley, this is Jinks Montreal the same guy as the one twenty years ago.” 
He speaks noticing Stanley’s glare of accusation “I was put in some sleep coma at some specialized hospital having some medical condition.” 
Jinks doesn’t say much about that but notices that Stanley doesn’t seem interested in learning more of that mentions to him “The karate studio Sun Dragon is still around with Sun Zordanov and her husband still teaching. Sun had twins a male named Tan and a female named Yana who currently are in karate and have black belts and are competing in tournaments for their teenage age bracket.” 
He nods his head as Stanley continues “After I stopped bullying Cassidy in High School I convinced her to take classes at the karate studio. She did and currently has a black belt in karate.” 
He doesn’t comment as Stanley speaks “You need an outlet for your anger. I order you to go to the Sun Dragon karate studio and take lessons on karate. This including competing in tournaments just to stop damaging your apartment and other people’s property when throwing a temper tantrum.” 
He asks Stanley “What about the damaging apartment comment?” which he is told “The cops searched your apartment suspecting you of drugs judging by your behavior. Cops found the basement contents in a big mess. I figured you caused the mess from having an angry tantrum.” 
“Jinks and Cassidy I ordered out!” by Stanley adding “I’m ordering Cassidy to get Steven to drive Jinks home!” 
Jinks follow Cassidy out of the room to outside to see Stanley’s twin brother Steven who has a full head of hair and no mustache or beard but sees the resemblance enough to figure it out “He’s Steven but what’s with the differences in the twinning looks anyway?” 
Jinks don’t get his question answered instead is ordered into the back of the car. Jinks sits and watches through the gate in the seat as Steven starts up the car with Cassidy next to him by speaking voice commands.
Jinks figures “Automobiles are now different from they were twenty years ago.” 
He peers out the window in the rising sun as the car drives him to his apartment complex and Cassidy gets him out of the car handing him his keys. 
He is told “The karate studio moved to a building next door a major grocery store chain and is walking distance from the apartment complex.” which she points out the direction where the studio is.
Cassidy says the name of the grocery store chain and mentions “The studio is still called Sun Dragon.” 
He speaks “I gets it your directions.” walks to his apartment only to get water ballooned by kids popping out of the bushes and running away from him. 
He feels annoyed thinking “Lance’s punishment is having the kids do pranks on me and get away with it by having them claim I did the pranks to their parents who’ll believe them.” 
He feels disgusted walks to his apartment unlocks the door with his keys and pockets his keys to head to the kitchen looking for garbage bags. Jinks finds a dispenser places it on the kitchen table and pulls out a bag finding its length is up to his waist. Jinks goes down stairs to the basement and fills up the bag then hauls it outside locking the door behind him to the garbage dumpster. Jinks finds in its familiar spot tosses out the bag. He spends the rest of the day tossing out bags of destroyed items from the basement. He moves the furniture to the walls and feels like needing to practice karate does a pose then froze.
Jinks wound up thinking “I’m wondering about McBroom’s letter detailing my injuries involving muscle damage. I wonder if my karate could have caused my muscles to rip from stretching further than their normal standards.” 
He goes to a wall puts a hand on it and lifts his leg up in a straight position very slowly checking for stiffening and pain. 
Jinks feel the pain when the leg is just below the level to his waist figures “I’ll have to start all over again in karate by taking lessons in it. Training my body slowly to stretch back to the limber positions I had before I went into sleep coma.” 
Jinks hears the doorbell ringing groans goes to the front door to peer through the peephole to see a male adult is there looking annoyed that seems familiar. Jinks can’t place the male which he opens the door and sees the male’s eyes widen staring at his clothes he notices have splash of tie dyed colors on it. 
He asks the male “What you want?” 
Jinks while noticing the familiar kids about five of them all appearing to be boys judging by their clothes and short hair middle school aged standing behind the male off porch with some innocent looks on their faces. He frowns as the male stares at him with a frown with some recognition look in his eyes.
The male speaks “I’m asking you if you was water ballooned by the kids?” 
Jinks truthfully says “I was.” and points to his clothes as evidence while adding “I spent the day tossing out destroyed items from my basement from blowing a temper tantrum on it. The cops have already seen my basement from spending a night in jail for blowing a temper tantrum on suspecting me of drugs from my behavior when they arrested me the previous day.” 
He frowns as the male gives him some serious expression and speaks “The kids are notorious for doing pranks around the neighborhood to the apartment dwellers.” 
Jinks notices big frowns on the kids’ faces aimed at the male and the male continues “I was warning you about that.” 
Jinks nod his head and ask the male “I’m named Jinks Montreal.” while seeing the male’s eyes widen as he added “What’s your name?” 
Jinks is told “Its Owen O’Brien.” and is told “I’m from the apartment number ten.”
Jinks recognized as the one belonging to Jerry Birdie from the past and sees Owen point to the kids while clearing his throat loudly. 
Jinks sees two hold up their hands and hears Owen say “The kids with hands up are a boy named Owen Junior and his younger sister named Onya.” then looks at him. Jinks speaks “My name is truly Jinks Montreal no kidding.” and notices a shocked expression on the male’s eyes that are widen in shock.
 Jinks speak adding “The police chief recommended me to take karate lessons from a karate studio named Sun Dragon. I’m told the studio is walking distance from the complex next door to a major grocery store chain. The recommendation is mostly as an outlet for my anger which I ask if the kids can take karate themselves. Enough to compete in karate tournaments as an outlet for needing to blow some energy just to avoid doing pranks on people in the neighborhood.” 
He frowns as Owen stares at him with some thoughtful expression and then says “I’ll consider the karate lessons idea for the kids.” who he notices look bewildered by their expressions on their faces. 
Jinks and Owen shake hands with Jinks himself crunching the male’s hand to make him grimace. Then he goes back into the apartment locking the doors as Owen walks away with the kids.  Jinks wanders around the apartment looking closely at items that weren’t there before last time he took residence of the apartment. He checks the books in both bedrooms to see that the books in his room are all on science fiction fantasy looking old and sees in the guest room the books are all romance novels with them looking anywhere from old to new. Frowning he goes to the kitchen to check the appliances seeing that they look different from last time he was there and tests out the stove and the dishwasher to discover that their voice active and do orders by voice instead of dials and button pushing.  He goes to the living room to check the computer seeing its different but still the same working version as in the past. Jinks sits at the couch and with a remote turns on the TV to the local news channel to watch the news focusing on Connecticut.
Jinks hears them mentioning “We’re reporting that the government have voted to change the President title to King for male or Queen for female.” 
He frowns getting some creepy feeling hearing that watches TV absent mildly staring at the TV and the wall only watching TV when something sounds good hooks him to watch. He watches till night time when the clock on the TV says its around nine o’clock turns off the TV. Jinks goes upstairs to his bedroom remembers his stained clothes go to the hallway closet next to the guest bedroom to find two appliances in it on top of each other. It takes him a bit to figure it’s the washer and dryer and their voice active which he strips himself of clothes putting it in the washer and actives the machine to wash. He hits the bathroom to shower and comes out dressed in his sweatpants.  Jinks goes to bed and dreams of meeting Lance again that seems to be smirking about something that gets him annoyed to voice it. 
“You’re up to something by the looks of your voice.” Jinks snarled while glaring at Lance.
He glares at Lance who speaks “It’ll take you a long time before you reach the karate belt color of black.” 
Jinks think “Its Lance’s punishment.” voices it but Lance to his annoyance avoids the subject by ignoring it “Demeter having a very good life while living at the Zesky Asylum Hospital.” 
He feels like Lance is avoiding the subject mentions “What’s the punishment again? I demand to know what if I’m taking karate again has something to do with the punishment.” 
Lance to his annoyance continues to ignore his comments still talking about “Demeter living in the president of the Zesky Hospital’s quarters and being a really friendly cat to the man Alexei Zesky.” 
He gets angry at Lance ignoring his words growls an angry sound then roars as Lance continues to ignore him still talking about Demeter living with Alexei Zesky. He gets angry enough to want to punch Lance darts forwards with fists ready and feels a foot connect with his chest throwing him backwards hitting the sand on his back. He feels a foot touch his throat along with paralysis as Lance standing in his view bents down with all black eyes and an angry expression on the man’s face. 
He snarls out “I want to know what my punishment is! I’m annoyed that Lance” he names “is ignoring me on my request!” 
He finds his talking cut off by the foot pressing harder down on his throat gagging him as Lance angrily tells him “Never to attack me period out of anger or suffer punishment.” 
Jinks feel himself still angry flares the Master through him to glare at Lance who continues to speak “I’m not sharing how I’m punishing you for your spirit’s behavior. That includes for your angry attack behavior towards me.” 
He bares his teeth towards Lance who continues to speak “Some leadership group in karate issued some law that for students in karate to gain a belt is. They have to compete in tournaments and win a certain number of events to gain the belt they want.” 
He frowns closing his mouth as Lance gives off a laugh despite all black eyes and says “Jinks getting a black belt will take a long time for him being an adult.” 
He frowns stopping his glare as Lance continues to speak “The same group that made that law emphasized to teachers in karate to take in children from six years old to fifteen years old. They also mentioned that taking in an adult age twenty years old and older is frowned upon.” 
He feels annoyed hearing Lance’s words as Lance keeps talking “Jinks can take karate if he wants to but he’ll have resistance from karate studios. His request in taking him in till the leadership group changes their view towards adults. It will take awhile.” 
Jinks feel the paralysis gone as Lance forces his eyes shut.

Jinks come to discover its morning gets up gets dressed in jeans and a rugby shirt and sneakers on his feet. He wanders downstairs to the kitchen to eat food then remembers the karate studio goes to get his jacket puts it on and gets his keys and wallet pocketing them both. Jinks then walks out of the apartment to the karate studio past the major grocery store chain. He sees the building is similar to the major grocery store chain building goes inside to see a receptionist at the desk.
Receptionists spoke “I’m asking you what I can do for you.” 
Jinks spoke “I requests about learning karate.” which she spoke “I asks you for belt color.” which he replies “Beginner.” 
Jinks see a big frown on her face followed by her saying “The studio isn’t accepting any new students it being full up.” 
He feels like she’s not telling the truth asks her “When there’ll be openings?” and gets put off by her saying “I’m ordering you to leave or I’ll have you kicked out.” 
Jinks open his mouth to protest hears a male voice coming nearer and nearer asking “What’s going on?” 
Jinks saw an adult male wearing a black belt on his karate uniform come up to them. 
He frowns as the receptionist tells the male that calling Jinks himself “Jerk isn’t getting the message that the studio isn’t accepting any new students for beginners his age.”
He feels a little annoyed hearing that spoke “I protests to that insult. I’m not a jerk.” 
He sees the male eyes him “I orders jerk out!” 
Jinks felt he balking finds himself standing there with the male advancing to him pointing a finger at the door. 
Jinks hear a female voice sounding familiar speaking “What’s going on?!” 
He frowns as an Asian female looking older than him that seems familiar comes out of a doorway wearing a sweat suit while speaking “You were loud! I can hear you!”
He frowns as the male speaks “I was just kicking out this jerk I names this guy for not getting the message that the studio isn’t accepting new beginner students in his age bracket.” 
Jinks feel a little fed up with called a jerk speaks “I’m not a jerk!”
Jinks are interrupted by the male grabbing his arm. Jinks uses a karate defense move to get his arm out of the grip and knock the male onto his stomach who rolls around and with a move swings his feet up to stand facing him with hands up fisted with a glare on his face. Jinks frown as the male lunges forwards in karate move with his legs which he easily blocks with his hands and blocks the male’s leg kicking easily remembering his karate from the past. He remembers sparring with Sergei Zordanov from past as if actually getting a memory mind scanned into his mind. Jinks wound up recognizes some of the moves the male is using on him from the spar fight easily blocks them with his hands and legs bent. Jinks with a hard low leg kick knocked the male off his feet onto his back who swings up growling to charge at him. Jinks steps aside and uses the male’s charge momentum to trip him onto the floor behind him. 
He hears “Enough!” from the Asian female standing at the doorway that has a look in her eyes that tells him “She’s thinking about something.” which makes him nervous but doesn’t show it. 
He frowns as she adds pointing at him “You get in here. I want to talk to you about something in private.” 
Jinks obey going to the doorway to see it’s an office which he walks past her and grimaces hearing her slam the door behind him. 
He frowns as she speaks “I’m asking you if you’re Jinks Montreal who I was told was put in the Zesky Asylum’s Hospital in some sleep coma and recently woke up from it.” 
He feels a little confused that she’s aware of his situation spoke “I confirm I’m Jinks Montreal. I ask how you found out about the situation involving my medical issue. I got the impression that the hospital wasn’t sharing things very much.” 
He frowns as the woman tells him “My father Tan Lee” which he stiffens hearing the name “found out about you through some Highlanders who told him about you and your medical issue. This happened after some bad spirit Tan has refused to say who it was bothered him for a month a year after you were put in your sleep coma.” 
Jinks frowns hearing spoke “I ask for your name.” and told that “The name’s Kui Lee.” who asks him “Who taught you karate? I seeing that you knew how to fight with another student sparring with you in the hallway.” 
Jinks speaks “I learned karate from age ten to seventeen from one to one classes with a teacher named Kui Wang Liping.” 
He sees Kui look a little shocked by the look in her eyes but doesn’t acknowledge that. 
Jinks continues “Before I was in a coma I had a job as a vice principal of the local high school where a karate student recommended a karate studio to me. I went for some classes before I was put down asleep.” 
He sees her frown as he adds “The karate studio was called Sun Dragon and the teachers were Sun and Sergei Zordanov.” while seeing her eyes narrow at him. 
He asks Kui “What happened to those two teachers?” while adding “I was told Sun had twins who are teenagers with black belts competing in tournaments.’” 
He frowns as Kui speaks “Sun and Sergei wound up in a car accident with a drunk driver a year after you was put in your coma. Sun wound up in a coma from some sort of head injury and Sergei suffering serious injuries to his body focusing on his legs. It took Sun three months to wake up from her coma and Sergei wound up with a permanent limp to his left leg and had to retire from competing in tournaments. Sun recovered from her head injury but has problems with her balance. She retired from competing in tournaments and then two years later wound up expecting twins like said. Like her husband is still teaching Karate while using their car accident injuries as an excuse to get students to learn whenever a student complains about the teaching.” 
He frowns seeing Kui getting another look that tells him “She’s thinking of something.” and then watches her go to a box and sees her riffle through it then hauls out a package of white.
She tosses to him and speaks “You should get yourself to the locker room and put the uniform on and meet me outside.” 
He asks “Where’s the locker room’s location?” which she speaks “It’s a door labeled locker room in the hallway pass the receptionist’s desk. I have to make a phone call first and will meet you in the hallway.” 
Jinks walks out carrying the package to the receptionist’s desk that the lady eyes him warily as he walks pass her while looking at doors till he sees one indicating the men’s locker room and bathroom. Jinks goes inside to see it’s a locker room with benches and bathrooms in another room inside. He finds an empty locker judging by it not having a lock on it and opens it to put in his stuff and takes out the karate uniform out seeing its like the male he fought karate uniform. Uniform is a white t-shirt in thick material and white drawstring pants in identical material which he puts on. Jinks then stuffed his clothes and shoes in the locker then barefoot walks out of the locker room to the hallway to see Kui walking out of her office. He wordlessly follows her through the hallway to another hallway to a set of double doors at the end and he hears sounds of karate sounding from there which he frowns hearing it. He frowns as Kui stops at the doors to take off her shoes then they go through the double doors to enter a large gym room. Room is where students mostly kids and several adults with multiple colored belts with the adults mostly having black belts are there doing drills. Their facing an old as Kui Asian woman looking familiar with a cane he spots. She’s ordering the students to do the drills while seeing an old as Kui man looking familiar with arms folded limping on his left leg. Male is wandering among the students sticking his face in students’ faces.
Jinks realized that the face sticking is another way of saying “You can do better than that.” 
Jinks frown as he hears Kui give off a howl sound and hears the old Asian cut the drilling by looking in his and Kui’s direction with annoyance on her face which changes to shock seeing him. 
He hears Kui speak calling the woman “Sensei Sun, I introducing him as a new student.” without mentioning his name “Witnessed him flatten another student’s seat sparring with him in the hallway. He has taken karate as a youngster which he later quit after a few years of it and didn’t keep it up very much.”  
Jinks keeps his mouth shut as he is ordered by Sun he assumes is her to a spot among the adults as the older man he assumes is Sergei gives him a sneering look that tells him that he means business with his face sticking in students’ faces doesn’t acknowledge the man’s look as he joins the group. He finds his leg kicking is quite limited in not being limber in movements.
Jinks figured “The leg kicking is awkward by Sergei’s repeated sticking his face in my face with a sneering glare on the man’s face.” 
He finds that Sergei leaves him alone whenever he does the punching that tells him “My fisting is acceptable to the teachers’ standards.” 
Jinks get a white belt from Kui which he wears to the studio attending classes. Jinks are taught how to compete in tournaments for forms along with taught a choreographed form movement called a Kata and fighting in tournaments for following the rules. 
He during a private conversation with Kui tells him “The school closes on state and national holidays. You should do some research on what the holidays are such as the internet and the library. You should be updated with news going around by reading the newspapers at the library.” 
He’s also told “The school closes the next day by a national holiday.” 
Jinks recalls the holiday involved some day of love feels a little weird out by that. At home he doesn’t do much but hears the doorbell ring while sitting watching TV when it’s dark out goes to the door to yank it open and sees Janel and feels shocked to see her. 
He sees her looking upset while having a suitcase with her which he hauls it in after she asks “I want to come in.” 
He turns on the lights while shutting off the TV and locking the doors. He feels like she wants to be with him hence she here whom he puts hands on her face and massages her cheeks. He sees her eyes closed which he massages her scalp and kisses her.
Jinks thinking “She chose to be with me on her own. She’s now mine for me to have.” 
He feels he wants to mate with her carries her up the stairs to his bedroom and hears her talk “I’m complain about not able to see you.”
Jinks turns on the lights with a light switch then stands staring at her as she speaks asking him “I’m asking you to show yourself to me.” 
He frowns seeing she’s pleading in her eyes which he yanks off every article of clothing and stands in the buff staring at her as she looks him up and down looking like she approves of his form. He goes to her putting hands on her head massaging and sees her enjoy it by her face and kisses her on the lips while sensing she kiss him back. He breaks off kiss to strip her of clothes seeing she’s not stopping him from that and pulls her to the bed lying her form on it and gets himself on top of her with no protest from her. He finds himself enjoying the mating while seeing Janel have her head up with eyes closed which he kisses her neck as he is mating with her and hears her speak the word Roo after he spills himself inside her. He kisses her on the cheek and pulls out then cuddles her in his arms sensing she’s tired and exhausted which he holds her as she bursts into tears. He doesn’t say anything as she cries herself to sleep and senses that she’s passed out. He lies awake for awhile till he feels like he should be sleeping shuts his eyes falling asleep. 

Jinks come to hearing the alarm sounding at eight a.m. in the morning finds Janel gone from the bed and smells coffee waffling up from the kitchen. Jinks get up to put on yesterday’s underwear shorts and pants then jogs downstairs to the kitchen. He sees her in yesterdays’ clothes standing at the counter back to him appearing to be in front of the coffee maker which he massages her back and senses she likes it.  He leans down and kisses the side of Janel’s neck and hears her give off the Roo comment in some sad tone. 
Jinks breaks off the kiss to speak “Janel I’ll make breakfast for us.”
Jinks watched her take a cup of coffee into the dining part of the living room to sit down at the table. He cooks breakfast for him and Janel which he puts on plates and carries it to the table then goes to the kitchen to get a cup of orange juice and brings it to the table. He eyes Janel seeing her eat the food while staring at the table seeing her look like she’s distracted as he eats the food. Once done he takes the dishes to the dishwashing machine and then goes to Janel still sitting in her chair still looking distracted which he massages her back sensing she’s liking it. He hears the phone ring goes to it to see the caller ID say Lance Knight’s name which he feels distaste running through him as he recalls what Lance did to him back in Albany when he was with Janel there. 
He picks up the phone and speaks his name and is interrupted by Lizette Knight, sounding upset speaking “Our mother gave us the slip checking out of the hotel last night without us knowing about it! We don’t know where she went! We discovered this recently this morning when we went to check out!” 
He recalls the stunt Lance Knight pulled on him with Lizette Knight there giving him some mean glaring look on her face identical to Lance Knight’s look on his face speaks “Your mother Janel is a grown woman who can take care of herself. Her children should stop babying her.” and hangs up the phone. 
He gives the phone a glare seeing it ring again with Lance Knight’s ID on it.
Jinks ignores to hear the answering machine go on with Lance Knight’s voice sounding angry on it speaking “I don’t appreciate Jinks” he names’ “words and expects more from you than that.” 
Jinks senses something is up from Lance Knight calling him Jinks instead of Dad which he goes to Janel who bursts out crying out the word Roo repeatedly. Jinks moved her chair till she’s facing him and leans down to kiss her on the lips sensing her calming down from that. 
He kneels and asks “Janel, what Roo has said to the children about me for over the years?” 
He waits till Janel is calm to repeat his question as she blurts “Roo told me before he died that he told the children behind my back over the years Jinks” she names “was just a family friend who donated his services for me to get pregnant with them. You were taking pity on Roo who admitted to not being able to father children.” 
He frowns hearing that as Janel adds “Roo admitted to me that he told the children to keep you away from me. He said to do what it takes to keep you away from me even after he passed away. He by emphasizing he didn’t want me to have a relationship with you period.” 
He feels himself annoyed as she burst into tears again. He stands up to kiss her on the forehead as his eyes get drawn to the curtain sliding door. Jinks feels himself drawn leaves Janel crying to peer behind the curtain to see Lance Knight and Lizette standing in the yard sides facing him while looking angry. He sees Lance Knight held up a device pressing some buttons on it and then puts it to his ear. Jinks hears his phone ring goes to the phone to see caller ID say Lance Knight’s name which he figures out that it’s a phone Lance Knight has in his hand. 
Jinks picks up the phone and doesn’t say anything as he hears Lance Knight’s voice speaking sounding furiously angry telling him “You’re to go to the sliding door and take a look outside. I uses the threat of or else.” 
He hangs up the phone to go to the sliding door yanking back the curtain to see his children looking angry judging by the looks on their faces outside in the yard. Jinks unlock the door and steps back as they walk inside with glares aimed at him. He stands with arms folded as Lizette puts an arm around Janel and hauls her out of the apartment through the front door leaving him with Lance Knight.
Lance Knight spoke “I order you to stay away from my mother period!” before picking up the suitcase and walking to the door. 
Jinks feel rage at Lance Knight and his attitude attacks him from behind only to get knocked onto the floor and kicked in the face repeatedly. Jinks falls unconscious and comes to hearing the phone ringing sound which he gets up to go to the phone seeing the phone ID say Lance Knight’s name.
Jinks picks up the phone and yells “I don’t give a damn I’m having a relationship with Janel period!” then hangs up the phone. 
He sees the phone ring with Lance Knight’s ID lets the answering machine pick up to hear Lance Knight speaking “You don’t pick up or I’ll threaten to talk to the karate federation about you taking karate at a studio. I’ll make sure the karate federation tells the studio to drop teaching you karate if you continued to pursuit Janel in an attempt to have a relationship with her which is forbidden.” 
 He sits on the couch as the answering machine stops its noises to feel himself in shock hearing that. He feels upset enough to cry tears as he gets up to shut the sliding door locking it and puts the curtains back then goes to the open front door to lock the screen and slams the door shut locking it. 
He feels himself furiously angry at Roosevelt snarls “I don’t give a damn I’m having a relationship with Janel! I don’t care about having to drop karate if that means having a relationship with her! 
He turns off lights in the apartment then goes up the stairs to his bedroom to turn off the light and feels himself exhausted lays his form on the bed over the blankets and shuts his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks dreamed of Lance who gags him while telling him “You’re to forget pursuing a relationship with Janel. I expect you to obey me on that.” 
Jinks gets his eyes forced shut as he dreams of a cliff overlooking an ocean and he’s standing on it. 
Jinks hears a throat clearing noise to look at his left to see Roosevelt looking the way he first met the man who speaks “I don’t want you to have a relationship with Janel and expects that honored.” 
Jinks feel angry attacks Roosevelt and finds his punching isn’t having any effect on the man. Jinks fall to his knees to cry tears as Roosevelt leans over him putting a hand on his head gently rubbing the area. 
He stops crying to calm down and then is told by Roosevelt “I told the children if you took karate they were to support you anyway including endorsing you when you competes in tournaments.” 
 Jinks managed to calm down as Roosevelt forces his eyes shut and he wakes up to hear a doorbell ring sound. He groans as he eyes the clock seeing it says noon and gets up to grab his rugby shirt which he puts on while going down the stairs to the front door. Jinks peer through the peephole to spot a delivery man there. Jinks yank open the doors only to see the delivery man step back as another man dressed in Master Army clothes with a gun come into view and shoot him with a dart that knocks him out unconscious. 

Jinks comes to hear electricity humming sounds discovers he’s in a large cage like the one he was before he went into a coma and discovers déjà vu of him wearing his underwear shorts and nothing else on. He finds the scene déjà vu again as some overweight guy dressed in shorts come into the cage swinging a bat and finds that he has to defend himself from the man. Jinks find that his limited limber status prevents him from kicking very high which he aims his feet at the man’s sensitive part and kicks him repeated there whenever he finds himself attacked. He notices that there are two people in the shadows watching the scene as he is fighting the man. He finds his kicking enrages the man to attack him some more till he gets an idea to push the man into the fence. Jinks lures the man towards the fence and then darts behind the man and throws his body into the man’s back pushing him to the fence who hits it and feels the man’s body jerk from the electricity coursing through him. Jinks hears the electricity shut off followed by feeling a prick of pain in his back and sleepiness which he falls to the floor and passes out unconscious. 

Jinks comes to feeling irate and cranky to discover he’s in his clothes while in a squat position with his arms above him chains on his wrists. He sees he’s in a dirt room with no lights but there’s a light shining on his right that shows a fenced door with light shining behind it. Jinks yank the chains off of his wrists and explore the room to discover it’s the same room the tiger named Misty was kept in but some items missing from it. He goes to a wall and yanks his clothes freeing himself and relieves himself to feel himself much better with the crankiness gone from him. He puts his clothes back on to cover himself and then goes to the fenced door to peer into the hallway he sees is the same as before which he hears no electricity yanks open the door and walks out taking the stairs while remembering his previous time there. He by passes the room where he was found as Lance to spot in the room is the glass coffin with items inside it which he as drawn goes into the room to take a look and finds the items him as Lance was wearing laid inside. Jinks hear humming of electricity coming from the box figures to leave the items alone and go to the stairs again taking them. He walks by the elevator remembering he being knocked out in there and continues to take the stairs till he spots an opening in the stairs to come up and sees part of the stairs is facing down forming an opening. There’s stairs going up in his eyes sight and spots a console next to the stairs going up figures that the stairs down are motored to go up from there. Jinks go down the stairs to doors that are metal and sounding of electricity. Jinks go to the coffin room to hear electricity in the walls which annoys him for he realizes that he has to take the elevator. He goes to the elevator feeling himself filmed and goes inside and before he can press a button finds it going up taking its own path despite him repeatedly pressing the button with the word lobby next to it. He feels annoyed to step back and glare at the elevator doors hearing the thing going up. 
The elevator stops to open doors showing a male standing wearing a suit with a bow tie who speaks “I’m expecting you to lead you to someplace as ordered.” 
He walks out to spot that he has been before on that floor and follows the man to a hallway passed doors. Jinks don’t pay attention to the labels till they stop at a door and the man yanks it open gesturing him to go inside which he does and hears the door slam behind him. He finds he’s in a circular room with a table in the middle surrounded by chairs underneath a large spotlight and across the table are Lance Knight and Lizette both sitting in chairs with glares on their faces. He senses himself filmed and spots curtains on the walls with indentations that suggest people behind them. 
Jinks go up to the table and stand as Lance Knight spoke “I order you to sit!”
Jinks obey feeling like he should sit. 
He stares at Lance Knight who asks him “You’re to explain the relationship with my mother Janel.” 
He speaks “I’m explaining about meeting her when living in an apartment in a small town asking me for sex a week before Christmas. I gave her and then met her again when I was in some mental asylum her expecting my child. I was taking her as my wife till she fell into a coma. I was told by the doctors that she passed away along with the baby a boy was stillborn. I discovered the deception of me used to father a child through Janel from Burke Richardson pretending to be my father who pointed it out. Roosevelt confirmed that stunt.” 
He keeps talking while seeing that the kids’ expressions are the same “I got over being furious with Janel and Roosevelt enough to mate with her to get her carrying. I have a fondness towards Janel hence my interest in her.” 
He stops talking to see Lance Knight stand up with black eyes which he frowns as his son speaks in the Master’s voice “Jinks is lying with his words which is not what Papa” he refers to Roosevelt “told us.” 
Jinks feel himself getting annoyed as Lance Knight’s eyes turn Human blue which he hears his son speak “Papa told them that Mama” referring to Janel “was being stalked by an unidentified stalker after she was flaunted to the public as Roosevelt’s wife. That the stalking continued for awhile.” 
He gets more annoyed hearing that as Lance Knight continues to speak “Papa told us that Janel was implanted with each of us using a part of you. Papa was having some sexual transmitted disease in him. The doctors told Papa to forget about using himself to father implantations.” 
Jinks feel he getting angry hearing that as his son continues to speak “Papa figured out who the stalker was after Lizette was born, was Jinks himself and hired an assassin to take him out. Papa didn’t count on Jinks having people helping him which explain how he survived.” 
Jinks think a profanity comment at Roosevelt while feeling himself angry hearing Lance Knight’s words as his son kept talking saying “Jinks was put into a sleep coma by people supporting him. Papa found out where he was in some cruise ship like hospital in Connecticut paid them a huge amount of money to keep Jinks asleep till Janel passed away. They freed Jinks after Papa passed away just to spite him and his money.” 
Jinks feel rage stands up and turns around towards the door to hear Lance Knight give “I give a command to come out and point guns at Jinks Montreal now!”
Jinks hear gun cocking noises from behind him puts hands on his forehead to calm down from his rage. 
He finds himself floating above his body and hears a male voice telling him sounding of a Meritanian “You’re to flaunt the Master to the kids!”
Jinks finds himself back into his body and in a calm mood turns around to see four men in Master army clothes with long guns aimed at him with glares on their faces. 
He wills the Master through to glare at his children as Lance Knight comments “Jinks having the power ability explains why our parents were friendly with him. Him using the power to hide the fact that he was obsessed with our mother hence the stalking.” 
He eyes the guards seeing them look like they have reverence in their eyes along with a familiar look recalls seeing on multiple army people just before they shot Simon Idaho to death. 
He throws his hands up into gesture later learned to be “I give up!” while mentally speaking “I’m ordering the guns to jam!” then puts his arms down as Lance Knight spoke “I give the command to fire!” 
He sees the army people turn their guns at his son with clicking noises sounding from them which he sees Lance Knight look a little bewildered as he notices that Lizette look’s like she has reverence in her eyes aimed at him. 
He speaks using the Master’s voice “I’m the vessel of the Master Lance Richard.” pauses seeing that Lance Knight doesn’t agree by the glare on his son’s face and finds himself floating above his body to see his form change into Lance Richard who speaks “Your father was telling the truth about his relationship with their mother who’ll confirm it once they ask her in a carefully worded question about Jinks Montreal without any hint of what they were told by Jinks himself.” 
He finds himself back into his body with the Master willed away to glare at Lance Knight who’s eyes is staring at the table with an angry look on his face and sees his son sit down still looking angry but appearing to be distracted by the eyes looking unfocused. He sees Lizette appear to support him by the reverence in her eyes and facial expression showing it while signing in sign language he finds himself understanding “The servants here will obey your orders. You should go home now. You’ll meet us again once my brother has gotten over being furious with what he learned here.” 
Jinks don’t comment spoke “I orders to the guards to get me to a vehicle to take me to my home in Wethersfield, Connecticut!” 
Two guards slung their guns on their backs and walk forwards towards the door with one gesturing in sign language “You’re to follow us.” 
He obeys leaving the room following the guards to the elevator that goes down taking him to a garage room. Jinks is led to a limo and told to get inside by the Highlander there in a driver’s suit. Jinks get inside and are driven out of the building into the city he recognizes as New York City eyes the scenery with his mind blank. Jinks feel sleepiness shuts his eyes leaning back and dreams of himself on a beach meeting Lance who looks annoyed. 
He frowns as Lance speaks “Roosevelt flaunted Jinks’ son as the vessel of Lance me. The son having facial appearance of Lance myself as an attempt to get the Master Organization to forget Simon Idaho with people appearing to believe in Roosevelt’s words about the son. Those people haven’t been fully committed in the belief towards the son sensing something wrong whenever their in the son’s presence.” 
He feels himself annoyed hearing Lance’s words who continues to talk “Roosevelt has forbidden people in his presence to talk about you, Jinks Montreal including what happened to him. Only the Table members know what happened to Jinks. They haven’t shared that with the lower ranks in the organization with a rumor going around Jinks disappeared literally seeing that his purpose with the people ended. Roosevelt has been urging people to believe in that rumor.” 
Jinks feel angry hearing that growls an angry sound looking away from Lance as he feels a hand on his forehead and on his chest and finds his anger gone which he eyes Lance who looks calm. 
He frowns as Lance speaks “Roosevelt and several Table members were having an argument just prior to Jinks released from the hospital subject them talking about the hospital telling them. 
‘Jinks got healed up and needed to know what to do to Jinks as in either releasing him to society or put him in a life tube for him to spend the remainder of his life in it seeing that he wasn’t Human.’ 
Jinks frowns hearing that as Lance continues to talk “The argument was focused on what to do with Jinks with the Table members insisting on having Jinks freed and sent to live among society while Roosevelt was opposed that insisting that Jinks go in a life tube saying ‘The vessel should be kept safe from harm.’ 
A Table member was aware that Roosevelt was deceiving them with his words. Roosevelt wanted Jinks out of the way as in preventing Jinks from taking the vessel status from Lance Knight who Roosevelt was flaunting as the vessel.” 
Jinks feel he frowning further as Lance adds while removing hands from Jinks’ form “The same Table member at another meeting slipped poison in Roosevelt’s drink that can make death appear to be a heart attack. Roosevelt drank and died from it instantly. After his death they had you freed from the hospital and put in your apartment condo to wake up in it.” 
He frowns as Lance continues to speak “The table member who slipped the poison admitted to the deed to the other table members with evidence of Roosevelt deceiving them. It’s just explains the poisoning as a taped recorded conversation with the table member and Janel herself. 
She in a private conversation saying ‘I’m admitting of being told by Roosevelt insisting to me very strongly my son was the vessel of Lance himself while telling me that.’ 
He claimed he will make sure that Jinks doesn’t take away the vessel status from my son by keeping him from doing it.” 
Jinks frown forming it on his face hearing Lance’s words who continues to talk “The table member in question was thrown out of the Table group by other Table members who disagreed with the table member’s actions towards Roosevelt. It’s also the same table member before leaving admitted to ordering a peasant to rig Burke Richardson’s car to blow up with Burke inside. It was as retaliation against Burke for shooting you.” 
“The table members in question told this Table member after hearing the confession on Burke ‘Your to focus your life on doing something else than on the organization while insisting that you do it.’ 
This Table member in question has been keeping tabs on you as in very clear detailed records of you since you came to exist. The Table member is being aware of things in your life that none of the other table members are aware of. This along with crystal clear witness testimonies from people in the Master Organization who encountered you over the years you grew up to adulthood. This including encountering you full grown.” 
Jinks feel himself confused hearing that as Lance continues to speak “The table member didn’t admit to the other table members of keeping tabs on you. Or forming the Highlander group Scotland to monitor the Master Organization, one of the people in the Knight group shooting a female Highlander to death and kidnapping her son, fathered by yourself as ordered by Simon Idaho.” 
Jinks speak asking Lance “Who this table member is for I’m curious?” which Lance speaks “You will meet this table member in the future. This person who won’t admit being a table member to you but after a few meetings with you the table member will admit it. This along with what I have told you this table member has done.” 
 Jinks open his mouth to speak and find his eyes forced shut and come to in the car seeing the scenery showing Wethersfield. Jinks sits up straight and watches as the car arrives to the apartment complex and he’s instructed by the driver to look in the drink fridge for his wallet and keys. Jinks find and take out then leave the car and heard it drive away. He walks to the apartment to spot the familiar five kids in front of his apartment on the porch looking like their angry about something.
Jinks groans thinking “I’m wondering what they want.” 
He goes to his apartment to stand as the kids charge at him with hands in fists. 
Jinks finds himself avoiding the kids’ fists and leg kicking seeing its not karate but just random motions while speaking very loudly “Questions on what your problem is? What got you angry enough to take it out on me? When you should use words instead to admit it to your parents?” continues to repeat his questions while avoiding being hit by the kids. 
He gets silence as his answer gets fed up with the kids attacking him to hear a sound of a whistle blowing followed by a female’s voice sounding irritated “Alright you kids and him to break up the fight period or else!”
He looks to his right as the kids stop to spot an old Asian female with grey in her hair that has a whistle around her neck while wearing a Kui Lee like sweat suit and sneakers on her feet with a glare on her face. He sees the kids look freaked out seeing her take off running scattering in different directions as the female walks up to him folding her arms. He sees some look in her eyes like she knows him judging by the recognition look in her eyes with face forming a frown. 
Jinks frown staring at the woman who speaks “I’m the middle school’s principal. I recognize the kids as students from there including their names and know where they live in this apartment complex. I’ll see that their parents are told of them attacking you. I saw them do while on a walk around the neighborhood. I will see that the kids serve detention for that stunt.” 
Jinks speak “I told one of their parents to put the kids in karate as an outlet for their energy to blow it off. I recommended a karate studio down the street where I recently joined to take lessons after a break from not doing karate or taking lessons. I took when I was a youngster and didn’t keep it up.” 
He sees her frown before she speaking “The kids are model students at the school. I told by one of the parents after I recently moved to the complex ‘The kids are notorious for doing pranks to apartment dwellers.’ 
“One of the inhabitants that lived in your apartment for a month got fed up with the kids’ pranks moved out. There hasn’t been anyone at your apartment in awhile. The other inhabitants have been verbally complaining to the kids’ parents about the pranks. They insisting that they stop. I heard that the kids have been getting away with the pranks. The parents believed the kids over the apartment dwellers to my disgust.” 
Jinks feel annoyed hearing that as the woman speaks “My name is Megumi Takemoto. The parents recently started listening to the apartment dwellers’ complaints after Jinks” she names “moved in the apartment complex and have been ordering the school to give the kids detention for the pranks.” 
He hears her give off “harrumph” as he speaks “My name is Jinks Montreal.” 
Jinks see that she’s aware of it from the look in her eyes adds “How you knows my name?” 
Jinks see her give off a big frown on her face speaks in a whisper tone the words “Master Lance Richard” while giving him a look that tells him to get her message.
Jinks figures out “She’s part of the organization hence she mentioning the name.” 
He nods his head with understanding on his face as Megumi speaks with a loud tone “I’ve moved a few days after Jinks” she refers by his first name “moved into the apartment complex. I was told by one of the kids’ parents named Owen O’Brien who admitted when he was the kids’ age he and some friends of his played pranks on a guy who used to live in your apartment as an attempt to get him to move out. The guy was giving them the creeps from looking at him. Owen and his friends got away with the pranks their parents believing them over the guy he has refused to name to me. The guy wound up found shot by his father and that the guy hasn’t been seen since he was carried out by paramedics to the hospital.” 
Jinks stiffen hearing that as he realizes Owen’s reaction to seeing him at their first meeting and the kids’ reaction to Owen admitting to Jinks that the kids do pranks to the apartment dwellers. 
He wonders to himself as Megumi pauses “What got Owen to admit the kids doing pranks to me? Along with appearing to listen to the dwellers complaints about the kids doing pranks on them and admitting it to the other dwellers.” 
He frowns to speak “I’m wondering what got the kids’ parents to start listening to the apartment dwellers complaining about their kids doing pranks on them.” 
He sees Megumi again give him that look before she speaks “The past has a way of coming back to hit people in the future. I think that it might have something to do with that Owen admitting his childhood to me and seeing his children repeating the pranks. It has him saying that the kids are doing the pranks and having the kids punished for doing it.” 
He frowns as Megumi adds “Judging by the kids attacking you it suggests that they blame you for ruining their fun of doing pranks around the neighborhood and getting away with it. They have been punished with detention after school as ordered by their parents.” 
Jinks frown forming it on his face as Megumi adds “I have to go and inform the kids’ parents about the stunt they pulled attacking you. I overseeing that they serve detention after school once the weekend is over with.” 
Jinks nods his head seeing her leave goes to his apartment to get inside using his keys and locks both doors. Jinks places his keys and wallet in the couch dresser then eyes the computer thinking of the internet goes to the desk and sits down and after some fiddling figures out how to turn it on. Jinks see the screen showing scattered icons which takes him a bit with computer mouse manipulating to figure out what they are finds the internet. Jinks pull it up on the screen which he gets a home page website for a message forum. Jinks discover is on romance novels recalls a search engine website types it in on the header on the webpage. Jinks gets the website which he spends time on the computer using the search engine to pull up websites that feature information that interests him, Including whatever comes to mind including doing research on the last twenty years he was out in a coma. He comes upon a website encyclopedia uses it to search for Roosevelt Knight which a webpage pops up. Jinks reads a summary biography on the man seeing that the man is older than he appears judging by the birth date listing Roosevelt as in his fifties when he met him and dying when he’s in his seventies. He discovers the birth date is in January and that Roosevelt was originally an immigrant from Great Britain before the USA transferred to Shadan with no known parent names included or other family names included. He continues to read Roosevelt marrying Janel with last name Jenner with a birth date included discovers that she’s born in January like Roosevelt. She was twenty nine at the time she married Roosevelt who was forty eight years old at the marriage. Janel was age thirty one at the time she met Jinks himself for getting expecting with Lance Knight. He continues to read that Roosevelt was a former mayor of Los Angeles and was elected senator. He read Roosevelt kept the position for a few terms till he moved to New York City sometime after Jinks was shot and ran for the mayor position. Then the governor position which he kept till the time the kids said he had a heart attack resigned from office and has been active in charity work and supporting karate tournaments featuring his kids in them. Jinks continue to read with distaste on reading the information that there was a stalker who stalked Roosevelt after he recently announced to the public of being married to Janel. The stalker was threatening to go public with dirty secrets about Roosevelt if he didn’t resign from the senator position while insisting that Janel would be hurt in the process. The stalker he read was a human male who worked as one of Roosevelt’s aides was found out by a Highlander scanning people’s minds that brought him down with concrete evidence. He reads the information on the biography mentioning his children. Roosevelt has been claiming that Janel was pregnant by implantation with a recent rumor going around that he used a human male to mate with Janel to father children through her with the male said to be killed off after both children were born. He reads information on the children given the names of Lance and Lizette and that they compete in tournaments for karate since they were age ten and are still active in competing with black belts the highest belt in karate. He reads that Roosevelt’s death was called inconclusive for it indicated through medical tests that his heart was too strong for another heart attack but he died from one anyway.  He types the engine Janel’s name using the last name of Knight to read a biography on her seeing it includes her birth date. Her full name is detailed as Janel Samira Jenner Knight who was born in California in Los Angeles to a biracial couple with parents and family members that died during the attack on Earth leaving her the only surviving family member of the family. Janel was helped by an old couple who later passed away when she was twenty eight years old. He continues to read on Janel saying that she met Roosevelt during one of his campaigning stops in Los Angeles for the reelection to the senator position. They were said to be smitten with each other from the looks of them staring at each other. 
He reads “Roosevelt took heat for falling in love with a woman younger than him for the age difference.” 
They wound up married in secret in Las Vegas and after Roosevelt was elected again the marriage was announced. 
He reads “Janel has been working with charities focused on sexual transmitted diseases and endorsing karate tournaments with her children competing in them.” 
He continues to read information on his children mentioning the same thing as mention in Roosevelt’s biography. 
He types in the search engine Lance Richard’s name comes upon a biography site talking “Lance Richard being the Master and god with worshippers. Lance Richard is a closed Earth Religion for followers don’t flaunt the religion to people very much. There were vessels of him with identical appearance to Lance over the years.” 
Jinks finds hints of he mentioned saying “There’s a current vessel living with an unusual name who was born on Halloween.” 
He frown types in the name of Megumi Takemoto reads “She’s a retired former karate tournament champion for women said to be trained among the karate sport’s great champion Tan Lee. She was said to be his mate who bore him two daughters Sun Lee Zordanov and Kui Lee.” he discovers to his shock “Went by the name of Kui Wang Liping.” 
He continues to read “Megumi and Tan parted ways after Kui was disqualified at a tournament said to be fighting on Kui’s decision to open a karate studio. Tan was opposed to that and Megumi was supporting Kui on that.” 
He continues to read “Megumi retired from karate going to a local college and got her degree in teaching. She wound up as a history teacher at the local middle school in Wethersfield. Then she was put into the principal position after the current principal retired with her still holding the position.” 
He types in the name of Kui Wang Liping found to get “A biography as a former karate champion accused of doing an illegal move on an opponent. She disqualified from the competition in the title fight and was fined a heavy money fine.” 
He continues to read “Kui opened a karate studio in Connecticut with students, mostly former convicts from jail taking classes there.” 
He grumbles reading that till he finds a piece on himself “Jinks Montreal being taught karate by Kui in one to one classes. Jinks Montreal was the only student in her school to achieve a black belt. She was forced to close down and moved to New York City to be with her father working with him in the karate federation’s affairs. She was elected a position in one of the karate federation’s top positions as council member. She is very well known among the karate world as Kui Lee. She is a part of the council who makes laws and rules in karate including tournament laws and rules.” 
He frowns as he feels like he’s seen enough goes to the search engine website on holidays he recalls before being shot to discover a senator has been pushing congress repeatedly with failures on making former defunct holidays New Year’s Eve a holiday of celebrating life followed by making New Year’s Day a holiday of celebrating death calling it Remembrance Days. This has been shot down in vote by senators and that the senator hasn’t given up on doing it. 
He continues to find “July fourth is celebrated as the continent nation’s birthday. No longer Independence Day along with have several holidays that aren’t major being declared nationally majored holidays.” 
He frowns recalling the holiday of love today being declared a Love day instead of its original name from learning about it in school. Jinks check for Christmas to discover it’s a shared holiday among Humans, Highlanders and the Shadonia with the holiday falling on different days. 
He reads “The Shadonia celebrate the holiday as a New Year happening day on the Human calendar date of Halloween with no explanation of why they picked the date. They with giving gifts to their families mostly passed down objects and stories from family members who came before them.” 
He reads “The Highlanders copy the Shadonia in that holiday tradition but celebrate the holiday on the twenty first in the Human calendar month of June. The explanation that the day was marked the date of the warmth happening after the cold has ended.”   
Jinks feels himself hungry shuts off the internet and the computer then goes to the kitchen to eat some food discovering his appetite isn’t that big but eats food. He after eating turns on the TV to watch the local news chatting about stuff that bores him.
Jinks listens to them talking about sports with attention mentioning “Glastonbury and Wethersfield have a long standing feud rivalry. The feud started when Wethersfield lost to Glastonbury in a humiliating loss with the year mentioned.” 
Jinks recognizes it as the year he was a sophomore in High School listens as the analysis detail “The feud became official two years later when Wethersfield defeated three time State Champion Glastonbury in a title game on the way to win the title. The coach of the losing team swore revenge on Wethersfield next time they meet. Wethersfield’s coach retaliated by swearing that Wethersfield will win and they’ll make sure of that next time.” 
He frowns as they continue to talk “A player scoring the touchdown took responsibility for the game winning touchdown idea.” 
Jinks feels annoyed hearing listens as the analysis talk “The player later recanted the responsibility after the college team he was on as a freshman lost a major title game with him blamed for the loss failing to catch a ball for a touchdown.” 
He frowns listening to it as they continue to talk “There was a rumor after Wethersfield won the title game that the idea for the touchdown was by the quarterback a popular high school student we name as Jinks Montreal who didn’t play college football.” 
He frowns as they continue to talk “We were surprised that Jinks Montreal didn’t get any scholarships to play college football according to our records. He was a walk on student at UCONN. Their football team never selected him for the team despite him trying out for it the whole time he attended the college.” 
Jinks frown thinking “I’m wondering why the analysis are bringing this up now since it happened over twenty years ago?” 
He hears them mention “The anniversary of Glastonbury’s humiliating loss to Wethersfield on Wethersfield’s home soil is coming up this week.” 
Mentions the year of the loss which he recalls the date and realizes that their correct about that and remembers himself as a sophomore during that game. 
He hears them mention “A Glastonbury/Wethersfield game matchup always brings people out of state including people all over state to view the game. It’s just to see both teams considered Titans in high school football due to their feud play each other.” 
He continues to listen to them add “Wethersfield recently won the Titan battle by winning on Glastonbury’s soil their first game this season. Their home game is coming up with a rematch against Glastonbury. We mention the date.” which he hears and figures to himself “I’ll go attend the game seeing I don’t have any much to do.” 
He feels a little pride as the TV blares “Only Wethersfield has won all the match ups in one season once. That was when the feud started with the year mentioned.” which he hears and figures “From memory it’s when I was a senior in High School.”  
Jinks watch TV hearing the sports talking about other high school teams playing the next day after the match up “It’s called Titan game for the state governor back then a huge football fan ten years after the feud started once elected to office has issued an order to not have any other high school football teams play same day as the Titan game. He seeing the game’s bringing in money to the state and its towns by people going to see the match up game. He didn’t want them torn on their loyalty to their high school and their interest in watching the Titan game. The order has been enforced by other governors elected to the position.” 
Jinks watches TV absent mildly as they switch to other news hears the weather report and mention “The weather will be perfect for the up coming Titan game.” 
Jinks feel a little happy hearing that he’ll be able to walk to the high school without fighting the elements. Jinks feels tired gets up and goes upstairs into the bathroom. Jinks take a shower and walk out dressed in his pajama pants and heads to his bedroom going to the bed. Jinks gets on it to pull his blankets up to his chest and sighs thinking about attending the football game shuts his eyes passing out unconscious.

Jinks wound up only to dream of himself facing an angry Lance. 
He gets gagged on the throat by Lance flaring black eyes and told “You in no certain terms that you can attend the Titan game.” while adding “People are still aware of Jinks Montreal being the Wethersfield hero will recognize you as that individual. Some of those people will try to harm you badly as in retaliation for your actions as a football player. They will try to use you to avenge Glastonbury’s losses to Wethersfield when you were attending high school as a student.” 
He groans as Lance forces his eyes shut and he passes out comes to hearing the alarm eyes the clock. Jinks decides to stay in bed for some more shuts his eyes to get a realistic dream of Lance waking him up by yanking on his hair and telling him to get up period. 
Jinks waked up to hear Lance yell “I mean it Jinks!” 
He gets up gets dressed and walks to the kitchen to eat a meal of pancakes and check the fridge seeing that he needs some food walks to the closet to spot some cloth bags that look like they’ll hold food in them. He grabs his keys and wallet and walks out of the apartment carrying the bags while hearing a rumble of thunder which he ignores. He arrives at the store as it begins to rain and explores the entire store looking at items while noticed by the employees. 
Jinks give the excuse “Its being my first time in the store.” to each employee asking him “What you want?” which he dismisses their help remark. 
Jinks buys the items then discovers self check out lines instead of cashiers uses the computer on the self check out to buy his food. Jinks discovers instead of cards uses hands prints on a scanner for paying the food which he figures they take money from his bank account for that. He hauls the four bags of food home during the rain storm and it’s very raining out gets really wet. At home doesn’t lock the doors due to being absent mildly cold and he puts away the food and bags then heads to the shower feeling himself freezing cold and sneezing. He showers very hot then puts on his pajama pants and then goes into his room to sit on the bed feels woozy and lies down to shut his eyes. 

Jinks passes out and comes to discover Lizette sitting on the bed talking on her phone sounding like she’s talking to Lance Knight sounding annoyed saying “Lance, I was visiting a friend who was ill with a sickness. The friend is embarrassed about the sickness asked me not to say who the friend is.” 
He figures “She’s talking about me while hiding this fact from Lance Knight.” 
He feels himself very weak but not too tired as Lizette gives off “So what?” then hangs up the phone by pressing a button.
Jinks heard a dial tone like noise sounding loudly before pocketing it her purse after folding it in half. 
He sees her stare at him with reverence in her eyes says “I found you sick in bed a day ago when I went to visit and has been nursing you to health.” 
He nods his head as she puts a hand on his hand saying “You should be ok from the sickness.” 
He speaks cracking his throat “Food.” which she speaks “I’ll go get the food.” 
He waits lying on the bed as she leaves and comes back carrying a tray full of food and helps him sit up and spoke “I insists to you to take your time eating the food.” 
Jinks obeys and once done puts the tray on the floor and then she asks him “Why you couldn’t call a ride to get home?” 
He frowns as he speaks “I don’t have anything to call the national cab service. I recall not seeing any phones of any kind for public at the grocery store.” 
He sees her grimace and mentions the word cell and phone together saying “The cell phones are very popular among people who use them religiously.” 
He frowns as she pulls out the phone from her purse to hand it to him and speaks “You’re to take a look.” 
Jinks sees what she meant cell phone seeing it’s a mini computer that folds open and closed with a screen and a keyboard focused on both letters and numbers. 
He hands it back to her as she speaks “I’ll see that you’ll get one yourself.” as he hears the phone give off a ringing noise in a musical tone. 
She speaks “It’s my brother for the thing gives off different musical tones when people are calling me.” 
He watches as she answers the phone with a frown appearing to go to the window yanking open the shade and peering outside then closes the thing saying “My brother figured where I was and is outside demanding to be let inside.” 
He feels himself a bit sick lies down as she leaves the room. He lies in bed with eyes open to spot Lance Knight come into the room looking a bit angry goes to him and feels his forehead then jerks the hand back while widen his eyes. He frowns as he feels himself still sick by how sweaty he is feeling on his head eyes Lance Knight who puts a hand on his cheek. Jinks pushes into his son’s hand seeing his son look a little shocked seeing that. 
He looks at his son while feeling peaceful and calm within him as Lance Knight speaks “Lizette isn’t kidding about Dad” he names Jinks “being sick.” 
He hears Lizette say “Some source called me to say that Dad was seen walking in the rain carrying four bags of groceries.  I found in his closet still wet and found him sick in bed. He wasn’t able to call for a ride not finding a public phone because of the popularity of the cell phone.” 
He sees Lance Knight look at Lizette and they both speak “Dad needs a cell phone.” 
He frowns wondering “Why their calling me Dad when they were calling me Jinks a few days ago?” 
He frowns inwardly as Lance speaks “I’ll handle the cell phone issue while” Lizette he names as “Sis will handle Dad being sick.” 
He lies in bed eyeing both kids watching as Lance Knight leaves the room and eyes Lizette that sit on the bed next to him putting a hand on his forehead and his senses blare telling him she’s using her Master powers. Jinks sees her eyes are all black and feels sleepy shuts his eyes to fall asleep. 

Jinks comes to smelling food and his stomach is rumbling and finds himself better and sees that both kids are out of the room. Jinks get up feeling some strength to walk down the stairs to the kitchen.
Both kids seeing him spoke “We insist that you go back to bed!” which he is guided to the bed by Lizette and told “We’ll bring up food for you.” 
He lies in bed with eyes staring at the ceiling smells food coming nearer and nearer. Jinks sit up slowly as Lizette puts food tray on his lap and he eats the food taking his time and drinks up all the drink he figures its strawberry milkshake finds it good enough to drink all of it. 
“You’re to lie down.” Said by Lizette takes the tray and walks out of the room. 
Jinks get up and adjust the blankets to get into them and pull them onto him up to his chest and feels tired to shut his eyes falling asleep. 

Jinks come to feel a hand touching his forehead that travels to his cheek he senses belongs to Lizette. He pushes his cheek into her hand sensing her feel shocked by his movements. He keeps his eyes shut to drift off asleep and comes to hear the alarm sounding. Jinks eyes to see it say eight o’clock in the a.m. and feels he much better and senses something about his apartment. 
Jinks figured “The kids are gone from the apartment.”
Jinks spots an envelope taped to his dresser which he gets up and pulls out the letter in feminine handwriting saying “I and my brother sensed Dad is feeling better left to attend to our affairs. You’ll be receiving a cell phone in the mail by package courier as soon as possible. The cell phone will include an instruction booklet on how to use it.”
Jinks saw a phone number with the words “Call me!” next to Lizette’s name of “Lizette Knight.” 
He placed the letter back in the envelope in an empty drawer and placed the envelope inside it. He felt the need to shower went out of the bedroom to the bathroom and then once done walked out in the buff to his bedroom which he found some clothes in drawers putting them on his form. He went downstairs to the kitchen and took a look in the refrigerator seeing it filled with food and seeing that there was food he didn’t buy included. He spotted some food boxes sitting on top of the refrigerator and peered into the cupboards to spot some full of food. He pulled out some food and made a quick meal of breakfast then placed the dishes in the dishwasher seeing it empty of dishes. Jinks wandered to the living room to turn on the TV to the local news channel. 
He listened to the broadcast talking “The rainstorm happening three days ago.” and figured “I was out sick that long.” 
He heard paying attention to the TV them detailing “The weather is perfect for the football game between Wethersfield and Glastonbury dubbed Titan game happening in the afternoon.” 
He continued to listen to them mention “An internet website is taping the game along with a local cable channel we name.” 
He clicked the TV to a TV guide channel to discover that he had the channel clicked the TV to the channel to see them doing a rebroadcast of the local news report talking about the two high schools. He snapped off the TV to check the time seeing that he had a few hours to kill which he got up and went to the basement. He fixed the items forming a large rectangle recalling the tournament having competitors compete in a rectangle sized area. He did his stretching exercises with restraint listening to his body’s complaints about how far he could stretch. Then found he struggling to throw himself up in a Karate swing up move finding his body not leaving the floor. Jinks got up and figured to he to practice the move along with repeated stretching. Jinks practiced the tournament requirements as taught by Sun and Sergei then did his Kata finding himself a klutz in his kicking by getting off balanced several times. He recalled Sun having a cane having balance problems and seeing her walk weaving drunk like despite not looking like that on her face or eyes. He figured to himself to practice the Kata along with the kicking till he eyed the clock stuck in the wall seeing it’s around noon an hour till game time. Jinks left the basement going upstairs to the living room to sit on the couch. Jinks turned on the TV with a remote watching the broadcasters on TV talk about the upcoming game and giving flashback highlights of the previous game which Wethersfield won by a narrow margin. He listens to them mention “Wethersfield’s victory is the first time in years that they have won on Glastonbury’s home soil.” while adding “The High Schools both have winning streaks with winning the game on their home soil against each other. Both teams equal with match ups in playoffs and title games.” 
Jinks frown as he recalled himself practicing Karate in the basement along with problems related to it. He figured to himself to practice karate along with tournament requirements while watching TV. Jinks moved the coffee table to the other side of the couch and opposite it forming a rectangle point. He moved the armchair next to the TV’s table to form a rectangle point. Jinks proceeded to practice his Kata, kicking and tournament requirements during the TV pre-game broadcast along with his attempts to swing up from lying on his back despite struggling with that. He heard the doorbell ring near game time went to the door peering through the peephole to spot a delivery guy with a friendly look on the man’s face. He opened the door frowning to see relief on the guy’s face that held up a square box and a clipboard asking him for his signature. He opened the screen door and took the clipboard seeing it was a computer clipboard and used the pen device to sign his name finding the screen making a computer ink version of his name. He was then handed the package which he went inside locking both doors behind him. He went to the living room to sit on the couch and ripped open the package to discover it’s a yellow box with a picture of a black cell phone on it looking twin to Lizette’s cell phone but different color. Jinks opened the box to find a black colored cell phone like Lizette’s but recalled hers in the color purple which he examined. He found a plug in device with an instruction booklet, a cell phone clip holder and a note on the booklet saying what the cell phone’s own phone number is which he committed to memory. He read the booklet while glancing up to watch the game from time to time till he read the entire booklet. He used what he read to fix up the cell phone and recalled Lizette’s phone number. Jinks put in it along with the number for the national cab service then remembered the McBroom and Associates’ phone number which he put in. He figured to himself to set in the cell phone’s own number in case he forget it and wonders what his landline phone number is. Jinks dialed his cell phone’s number on his landline recalling the cell phone having caller ID on it. He waited as the cell phone went off to look at the screen to see a number while hearing his breathing on the cell phone from breathing into the landline phone. With a sigh he hung up his landline and memorized the phone number on his cell phone which he put it in and then looked up to watch the game some more feeling himself satisfied having a cell phone. Jinks watched as Wethersfield won by a narrow margin which made him feel pride seeing that. He hooked on the cell phone and got up by impulse to head to the kitchen closet to peer inside. He saw to his disgust the garbage can was looking a bit overfilled with garbage in it and groaned figuring out that his kids caused the mess. He sighed and yanked out the garbage by a bag and went to the front door which he got his key and pocketed it figuring that he’ll take a walk around the neighborhood. Jinks went to the garbage dumpster and dumped the garbage. He heard a loud whining sound behind him spun around to see a German Shepherd Dog appearing to be a male with leash dangling from the collar behind him. He stared at the dog that made motions to follow him while still whining some sad tone. He obeyed following the dog till the gonoid stopped and gave a bark. He looked to see a flash of red in the snow which he darted towards it to see it was a young boy curled up in a ball form still. Jinks squatted putting a hand on the boy’s neck feeling for a pulse which he found one then frowned noticing the boy appeared to be sweaty by the hair plastered to his face. He lifted up the boy and glared at the dog while gesturing with his head. Jinks saw the dog appeared to get his message took the lead which he followed to an apartment. He saw a young woman standing on the porch looking upset that grabbed the door and yanked it open seeing him. Jinks went to her and heard her speak “Take Track to the bedroom on the left please.” 
He heard her accent that told him that she was deaf obeyed bringing the boy inside the apartment up the stairs to the bedroom on the left which he found the door open and laid the boy on the bed. He stepped back to see that the woman had followed him along with the dog that was still whining. 
Jinks heard her speak “Please take Trip the dog out so he can attend to his bathroom business while I attend to my son.”
He found himself obeying picking up the dog Trip’s leash and felt the dog lead him to the door which he opened walking out. He didn’t protest as Trip led him to a tree and proceeded to do his business on it. He kept his mouth shut as Trip stopped whining proceeded to pull him to back to the apartment which the dog pawed the door. He yanked it open and followed Trip inside which he noticed on the wall were dog leashes hanging off hooks. Jinks clipped off the leash off the dog’s collar then followed him up the stairs to the bedroom. Jinks paused to see the woman had stripped the kid named Track’s he assumed clothes leaving his underwear on and was rubbing a washcloth on his forehead. He saw a lamp on next to the bed on a bed stand and looked on the wall on his left to see a light switch pointed on the on position which he flicked to see the lamp blink on and off. Jinks waited as the woman looked at him eyes appearing to stare at his face which he figured that she was a lip reader. 
He mouthed “Is there anything else I can do for you?”
He frowned as she spoke “No but thank you. My name is Sarah Lyons and this is my son Track. I have a hearing impairment.”
Jinks mouthed “My name is Jinks Montreal from apartment fifty nine. Your dog pointed out Track in the snow appearing to be asleep and that Trip led the way to your apartment.” 
He stared at Sarah who spoke “Thank you again. There’s nothing more you can do for me or Track. You can leave.” 
He nodded his head finding himself agreeing to her request turned and walked down the stairs to the front door which he shut behind him. He walked to his apartment and coming into view of it paused to see three people two males and one female all wearing clothes that he recognized as Peasant wear were standing on the porch not noticing him. He felt himself nervous seeing they willed he to calm walking towards them to see the three look in his direction with double take looks and widen eyes. 
Jinks frowned as he reached them and spoke “Is there something you want for standing on my porch?”
He saw the three look at each other before they walked off the porch steps walking passed him without answering his question.  He groaned finding himself relieved went inside the apartment using his key to unlock the door and locked both doors behind him. He sighed and went to the couch to sit staring at the wall letting his thoughts wander till night vision flared in his eyes sight. Jinks got up and went up the stairs going into the bathroom to shower then once done bring his clothes to the laundry machine in the closet then in the buff went to his bedroom to grab his sweat pants which he put on his form. He got into bed and laid his form down pulling the blankets up to his chest and shut his eyes falling asleep.

Jinks woke up hearing the doorbell ringing its noises. He groaned and eyed the clock seeing the time was seven in the morning. Groaning he got up and darted down the stairs as the doorbell again rang its noises. He peered through the peephole to see the familiar woman wearing Peasant wear dress was standing on his porch with a frown on her face. He opened the door its chain lock length and peered through staring at the woman. 
He spoke in a cranky voice “Something I can do for you and it better be good for waking me up at this hour?”
He saw the woman frown before she spoke with nervousness in her voice tone “Sorry but the natives around here have been observed leaving their apartments for whatever around 7am to 7:30am time frame and it’s a habit they’ve kept. It was assumed you had those hours too.” 
Jinks shrugged and spoke “Sorry to disappoint you. Something you want?”
He stared at the woman who frowned before speaking “Can I come in? I want to discuss something in private and not out here in public.” 
Jinks frowns recalling Simon Idaho and him having followers flashing in his mind and then spoke “Just one question. You believe in this Master called Lance Richard?”
He saw the woman’s eyes widen before she spoke “Sort of.” 
His senses blared warning which he spoke “You alone or your companions are around in hiding?”
He frowned as she spoke “I’m alone.” 
Jinks stiffened as his senses blared warning telling him she spoke a lie. 
He heard his phone shrilling loudly spoke “Excuse me phone’s ringing have to answer it.” 
He slammed the door shut and went to the living room grabbing the phone and brought it to his ear speaking “Jinks Montreal.” 
He heard a voice on it speak “Its Lance Knight. I signed you up for a tournament happening today starting at 10 a.m. It’s in Revere, Massachusetts in the town’s high school gym with the same name as the town. Be there before 10 a.m. or they won’t let you compete. You’re to do forms and fighting and that’s it. Oh you’re to receive a package in the mail happening soon.” 
He opened his mouth to speak and heard the dial tone in his ear telling him that his son had hung up. Groaning he heard a doorbell ringing sound went to the door peering through the peephole to see no one there. He backed up and held up a hand bowing his head shutting his eyes and saw an overhead view of the porch showing a large tan rectangular package sitting on his porch in front of his door and no one in sight. Groaning he lowered his hand rising up his head opening his eyes and went to the door unlocking it then yanked it open. He unlocked the screen door and yanked it open to sense himself filmed which he looked up to see above him was on the ceiling a light that made him think it was partly a camera from his senses blaring warning. Groaning he lifted up the package and hauled it inside then went back to his screen door locking it then locked the front door behind it. He grabbed the package and hauled it into the living room and proceeded to rip it open discovering a large duffle bag in the color black with an attached water bottle holder holding a red water bottle and the bag felt heavy to him like there was something inside it. He pulled open the duffle back to peer inside seeing that there were objects inside he recognized as pads for fighting along with a large tan manila envelope which he yanked out. He opened the envelope to discover a note inside along with papers that appeared to be tournament required forms.  Jinks sighed and read the note detailing what he was to do was wear his karate uniform once arriving at the tournament due to that they have a rule not allowing competitors to change their clothes along with going to the tournament official show them the papers and have them check his name on the list and then clear him to compete. Jinks exhaled a breath stuffed the papers back into the envelope then into the duffle bag and got up jogging to the closet where he placed his karate uniform in it. He hauled the uniform out and carried it up the stairs to the bedroom putting it on exchanging his pajamas for the uniform then put on socks and sneakers.  He went out of the bedroom to the bathroom to peer into the mirror seeing his hair needed brushing which he brushed it neatly then went downstairs to the kitchen where he made breakfast and ate it taking his time. He finished went to the phone in the living room and recalled the national cab service dialed the number. 
He frowned as a female voice sounding Highlander like answered speaking “National Cab Service. How may I help you?”
Jinks spoke “I would like to charter a cab to Revere, Massachusetts to Revere High School from Wethersfield, Connecticut and I like to arrive before 10am.” 
He paused hearing typing noises and then heard the female voice speak again “To who is requesting the cab service?”
He spoke “Jinks Montreal and that is me.” 
Jinks frowned hearing a loud gasp sound coming from the female who spoke “Wait a minute while I check for available cabs and see if they can do it in the time frame you requested.” 
He heard typing noises and waited patiently hearing nothing from the female. Jinks frowned as the typing seemed lengthy with nothing heard from her. He continued to wait till the female came on the line and speaking that they had a cab at a certain time and she wanted to know if it was suitable seeing that the cab will arrive a bit before 10am.
He spoke his agreement and then heard her speak “We have your address on file so the cab will be on the main road to pick you up. Just be there waiting for it at the same spot as before when you used the service.” 
He spoke “Ok will do.” 
Jinks heard nothing from the female but a goodbye comment followed by the dial tone. He hung up the phone and went to the TV checking the time seeing that he better move and be at the spot waiting for the cab. Jinks went to the closet in the hallway and grabbed his coat seeing that outside was still having snow on the ground and might be cold out. He put on the coat on along with his gloves and hat then went to the duffle bag seeing the water bottle and figured that he’ll fill it with water. He picked it up and went to the kitchen and filled it with water then capped it and placed it back on the water bottle holder attached to the duffle bag. Jinks grabbed his keys, wallet and cell phone putting the phone and wallet in a pocket in the bag then lifted the bag up and carried it out of the apartment locking the door behind him. He went to the familiar spot near a tree waiting recalling himself waiting there for a ride to Roosevelt’s funeral. He adjusted the bag to stuff his keys in the same pocket as his wallet and cell phone then zipped the pocket shut. Jinks frowned stood waiting impatiently as the cab arrive honking its horn. He got inside stuffing the duffle bag next to him and put on the seat belt. He stared out the window as the cab driver drove through the streets in Wethersfield then out of town and through Hartford and then through the rest of the state while on the highway then left Connecticut entering Massachusetts. He continued to stare out the window as the cab drove left the highway and drove passed towns and then reached a town addressed as Revere which he stared at with interests till the cab reached a building labeling it as a High School and stopped. 
He heard the driver speak “End of the road time for you to get out. I haven’t got all day. I have other business elsewhere.” 
He obeyed getting out of the car hauling his duffle bag and shut the door and watched as the cab drove away. He went to the high school’s entrance seeing signs for karate tournament on it along with signs for competitors to register at the gym’s entrance. He walked fast inside following signs till he reached a line of people wearing karate uniforms holding various bags while wearing various belt colors standing near double door entrances. He joined the line and eyed the front seeing his competitors would hand papers to someone a female wearing a business suit sitting at a table that would scan it with her eyes then look at a clipboard marking it with a pen and then wave the person through entering the entrance. He frowned as the process was repeated several times till he was near the first of the line still last riffled through his duffle bag for the envelope and yanked it out pulling out the papers he was to show to the official he assumed as his turn arrived which he showed to the female who looked them over then marked the clipboard with a pen. 
He frowned as she spoke “You’re lucky you made it in time or other wise wouldn’t be able to compete.”
He nodded his head and entered the gym walking passed her to look around seeing six areas in the middle of the gym marked in rectangular shapes each with a numbers one to six by flags in a corner with three chairs each on one side of each rectangular shape. He frown seeing people not wearing karate uniforms sitting in bleachers on both sides of the gym sighed as he spotted competitors at one end of the gym stretching and practicing karate and figured that he’ll do the same. He went to the area and took off his outerwear stuffing them in the duffle bag along with his shoes and socks. He sat down and awkwardly stretched then sat crossed legged watching the scene while noticing competitors were doing double take looks aimed at him. He frowned feeling himself filmed ignored the sensation to discover the sensation won’t go away. He shrugged and noticed as he sat people with belts and karate uniforms giving him glared looks which he suspected it was from his white belt status. Jinks looked at the crowd till his eyes focused on a female sitting in the bleachers which he stiffened recognizing her as Megumi Takemoto who seemed to sense him staring at her looked in his direction with eyes appearing to be scrutiny aimed at him. 
He frowned as he heard a loud male voice speaking as if amplified by microphone “Will the male competitors competing in Kata forms red belt and below go to area marked number two please?”
He obeyed getting up as the announcer continued to announce belts to designated numbered areas by genders and age all with red belts and below. He went to the rectangle designated number two and patiently waited as five men joined him highest belt from red to lowest purple. He stood waiting as three males wearing karate uniforms and black belts holding devices in their hands that reminded him of large versions of a calculator arrived that gave him annoyed looks aimed in his direction before sitting down. He frowned as they he assumed were the judges pointed to the red belt and gestured to the male to compete. Jinks watched as the red belt walked forwards to the judges to stop and announce loudly his Kata form while naming it then backed up and proceeded to do karate motions ending into a karate fight pose then stood with hands fisted in front of him below his waist staring at the judges who fiddled with the devices then waved the male away. Jinks found himself competing last copied what each of the competitors did announcing his Kata to the judges then backing up to do it. He found himself not strong with his kicking despite his not very limber status but did the punching fine to his standards. He ended with a bow towards the judges then stood with hands in fists below his waist legs apart staring at the judges fiddling with the devices then waved to go back into line. He stood patiently waiting as the announcer came on announcing results of his competition finding himself placed last by the lowest score while his competitors’ scores were very high by a large margin compared to his low score. Jinks frowned hearing that watched as the competitors went to shake each others’ hand which he followed suit only to find himself snubbed by them by them refusing to shake his hand and ignoring him. Jinks frowned thinking to himself “That’s not good sportsmanship for them to do that to me. Oh well must be my white belt again.” 
He shrugged and went to his duffle bag to place on his fighting pads while waiting for the fighting part of the tournament to arrive. Jinks sat down and watched the remainder of the tournament seeing various belts win their competition and discovered to his disgust that none of the competitors’ belts were below purple belt rank. Jinks frowned as he saw Megumi came by towards him to stand next to him. 
He didn’t comment as she leaned down and spoke “You’re fighting him.”
He saw her point to a red belt stretching on the floor showing limber like status. He kept his mouth shut as Megumi sat on the floor next to him crossed legged which he waited as he heard the announcer speaking for fighters to go to the assigned rings and fight. He patiently waited as the announcer announced the names of fighters including his name and frowned hearing besides his name were seven competitors. He shrugged it off and went to the assigned rectangular area as said by announcer to discover himself fighting a red belt that gave him a nasty look on the male’s face. Jinks shrugged and found himself easily defeating the red belt knocking the male twice to the floor and winning the fight while hearing the crowd give off gasp sounds. He figured that from the noises that they were watching him. He frowned as his opponent balked shaking hands instead walked off with a furious look on the male’s face which he went to sit down next to his bag and found Megumi still there. 
He heard Megumi speaking “Just don’t gulp water or you’ll find yourself needing to use the facilities which they won’t let you leave the gym till you’re done fighting you hear?”
He kept his mouth shut obeyed to ignore his water bottle finding himself not that thirsty and continued to watch his competitors fight each other till they were done.  Jinks found himself easily defeating each of his competitors to the crowd’s gasp till he reached the title fight and discovered himself having a standoff with the red belt due to him and his opponent not able to knock each other down. 
He frowned as Megumi walked into his line of sight during a rest from fighting and she spoke loudly “We’ll settle this fight by breaking boards so get rid of your pads now.” 
Jinks found himself obeying dumping his pads in his duffle bag then went to stand waiting as Megumi stood next to a female wearing a black belt holding a wooden board. He frowned with recognition in him seeing the female was Lizette who kept a glare on her face eyes aimed at him. He wisely kept his mouth shut as Megumi ordered him and his opponent to break the boards as instructed. He found himself obeying Megumi’s instructions breaking boards finding he failing to break them with his knees but his opponent was able to do it to the crowds’ cheer. 
Jinks after the board breaking waited as Megumi turned around and yelled “You come here and break boards now!” 
He stiffened seeing Lance Knight come into view which he watched his son break boards but like him failing to do it with his knees to the crowds’ shock by their noises. 
Jinks frowns eying Megumi who stomped towards his opponent and heard her loudly speak “You show your knees now!”
Jinks watched as his opponent looking nervous lifted up both pant legs showing metal armor covering the legs and knees areas. He stiffened hearing the crowd gave off insults aimed at his opponent. 
He heard Megumi yell “You leave now and don’t bother competing in another tournament till the federation settles this!”
Jinks watched as the red belt opponent went to his bag and picked it up and walked out of the gym room to the crowd’s taunting jeering insults aimed at the male. 
He frowned as Megumi walked up to him and spoke “You’ll have to wait and see if you’ll get anything till the federation settles this incident along with refraining from competing in other tournaments in fighting.” 
Jinks felt himself dejected hearing that wisely kept his mouth shut. He went to his bag to drink some water from his water bottle then pulled out his socks and sneakers putting them on his feet as Megumi came up to him. 
He paused to stand up facing her as she spoke “I insist you leave now. The crowds are getting restless from them looking at you along with your competitors who keep giving you looks that don’t look friendly so get out of here. I don’t want to have a riot happen around here due to how restless things are seemingly going.”
He nodded his head and wordlessly picked up his bag slugging it over his shoulder then walked to the gym entrance hearing nothing from the crowd but sensed angry vibes from them along with being stared at. He walked out of the gym and walked out of the school into the cold which he put the bag down on the ground then pulled out his coat and put it on along with his hat and gloves. Jinks pulled out his cell phone and dialed the number for the National Cab service. He waited as a female voice came on the line sounding Highlander like but different from before. 
Jinks spoke “This is Jinks Montreal.”
He paused hearing a gasp sound continued speaking “I like to charter a cab from Revere High School in Revere, Massachusetts to my home in Wethersfield, Connecticut, immediately.”
Jinks patiently waited as he heard typing noises frowned feeling himself stared at looked around to spot several meters away was an old Asian man with a white mustache and a white beard with a cane in his left hand wearing a cowboy hat and a trench coat over black pants and black shoes staring at him with some look in his eyes that seemed familiar. He frowned noticing the male’s eyes seemed to be a range of emotions flashing in them which he stared back before hearing the female voice on the line speaking interrupting his staring which he looked away to listen to her detail that the cab will arrive at a certain time once available. 
He sighed and spoke “Fine that’ll do.” 
He heard the female spoke “Sorry but that’s based on availability.” 
He sighed and spoke “Ok bye.” 
Jinks pressed the disconnect button on the phone hanging up and folded it in half before stuffing it in his duffle bag then stood up with arms folded still sensing himself stared at by the old Asian male. He found the staring got him annoyed sighed and turned around to face the male before walking towards him seeing the man’s eyes look nervous in them. 
Jinks reached the Asian and spoke trying to be polite “Something I can do for you sir?”
Jinks stared at the Asian who shook his head in a no gesture then he spoke “Your staring sir is beginning to make me wonder if you wanted to say something to me but haven’t got the courage to say it.” 
Jinks heard a soft groan from the Asian which the male spoke in an old raspy voice “Just curious about something after watching you compete.” 
He frowned and spoke “Well ask. I’ll see if I can answer what you want to know.” 
The Asian spoke “You seem to fight like you have a black belt but isn’t wearing one why is that?”        
Jinks sighed and spoke “Actually I do have a black belt earned at seventeen but due to certain things I’m starting all over again.” 
He frowned as the Asian spoke “Interesting but who was the one that gave you the black belt?”
Jinks sighed and spoke “I’m told her name was Kui Wang Liping.”
He noticed the Asian’s eyes widen at the name which he added “She taught me karate from age ten to seventeen and I got a black belt from her. What’s with the interest in me anyway?”
Jinks frowned as the Asian spoke “Just curious from like I said watching you fight. Hmm perhaps the federation could give you the black belt instead of having you start all over again.”
He opened his mouth to speak and heard a car horn sounding behind him turned around to see a cab sitting nearby. 
Jinks spoke turning towards the Asian “Sorry cab’s here. I have to go. Perhaps we’ll talk again at another time.”
Jinks saw the Asian nod his head as he waved bye and then walked to his duffle bag lifting it up and went to the cab getting inside putting on his seat belt and shutting the door behind him. Jinks eyed the Asian to see Megumi walk up to him with a frown on her face and arms folded as the cab drove away from the high school. He sighed to stare out the window lost in thought wondering to himself why the Asian was nosy about him. He shrugged as the cab drove taking a route out of Massachusetts to Connecticut then passed towns to Wethersfield then stopped at the apartment complex and ordered out by the driver. Jinks obeyed getting out of the car hauling his duffle bag along with him and shut the cab’s car door behind him. He watched as the cab drove away going out of sight. Jinks went to his apartment to find his screen door locked blocking him from reaching his front door. With a sound of disgust hitting him he made himself calm waved a hand and waited as the screen door unlocked itself opening as the front door did the same both opening wide. He walked inside locking the screen door behind him along with the front door then dropped the duffle bag on the floor. He took out his keys, wallet and cell phone putting it in the couch dresser. He yanked off the coat, hat and gloves putting them in the closet then yanked off his shoes leaving them piled on the floor. He proceeded to take off the karate uniform and belt stuffing them in the duffle bag then clad in his underwear shorts and socks threw the bag in the hallway closet sliding shut the door. Groaning he jogged up the stairs to his bedroom and eyed the clock seeing it was four o’clock in the afternoon. Sighing he went out of the bedroom yanking off the remainder of his clothes and went into the bathroom heading to the shower feeling like he needed one. 

Jinks came out of the bathroom with nothing else on his form. He sighed and went to the closet to peer into the laundry machine to find his clothes he placed in there dried and clean which he took out and hauled it to his bedroom putting them away. He put on his sweat pants and sighed from feeling them on his form. He went back to the hallway and found his socks and underwear lying on the floor which he picked up and placed in the laundry machine then shut the laundry closet’s door. Sighing he felt himself needing to eat went downstairs to the kitchen and prepared a meal of two cheese sandwiches cooking them in the stove with a flat baking tray. Sighing his mouth watered smelling the food as he peered into the refrigerator staring at the drinks figuring to himself that he’ll have milk to drink which he pulled out the jug putting it on the counter. He looked in the cupboards finding cups which he took one out and poured himself some milk in the cup then put away the jug in the refrigerator. Jinks sighed putting the cup on the kitchen table then went to pull out a plate from the cupboard then went to the bare wall between the stove and the kitchen table to lean against waiting for his food to cook which he eyed the stove’s clock checking it for the time of cooking duration. He sighed as the stove gave up a loud beep followed by a monitor screen next to the stove’s clock flashed words saying that the food was finished cooking and it was shutting down to avoid burning the food. He sighed to peer into a drawer to find an oven mitt like glove which he put on his right hand and opened the stove hauling out the tray with the glove covered hand. He placed the food on the plate by tipping the tray to slide the food off of it then placed the tray in the sink seeing the water turn on by itself cooling the hot tray to normal Human touch temperatures. Jinks sighed then put away the oven mitt in a drawer and sat down at the table and felt himself terribly hungry gobbled up the sandwiches eating them fast leaving nothing left then gulped down the milk and once done put the dishes away in the dishwasher. He exhaled a breath as the sink’s water stopped which he figured that the tray was cool enough for touching which he found his hunch correct and examined the dish washer machine finding that the tray wouldn’t fit in it. He groaned and figured to himself that he’ll hand wash the tray which he did then left the tray in a dish drying rack next to the sink then went to the living room to sit on the couch leaning back staring at the blank TV monitor. He sighed and heard the doorbell ringing its noises which he went to the door peering through the peephole to frown seeing Janel standing there. He unlocked the door and yanked it open to stare at Janel seeing she looked tired with dark circles underneath her eyes and her eyes looked red from crying. 
Jinks sighed as Janel spoke in a broken voice “Can I come in?”  
He unlocked the screen door and gestured for her to come in seeing a suitcase next to her which she hauled with her inside and he locked both doors behind him. Jinks frowned to stare at Janel who dropped her suitcase and hugged him while running her hands on his back. 
He sighed to put arms around her in a hug as she mumbled “Roo.”
He heard the pleading sad tone in her voice as she kept repeating the word Roo repeatedly. 
Jinks frowned thinking to he “Janel what’s going on with you?” 
He sighed as Janel put her hands on his front running her hands all over his upper body ignoring his arms while still mumbling the word Roo. He removed a hand off her back to bring it to her chin and raised her head up to stare at her in the eyes which hers were averted not staring at him. He frowned as Janel’s hands abruptly grabbed him by the cheeks followed by her kissing him on the lips which he kept his eyes open to stare at her closed ones as he found himself kissing her back. 
Jinks heard the phone ringing stiffened to break off the kiss and pull Janel who kept clinging to him while speaking “The phone’s ringing I have to answer it.” 
He heard Janel speak “Just let the answering machine pick it up Roo.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing the word Roo which made him frown as he stared at Janel who again kissed him on the lips. 
He found himself kissing her back while thinking “What’s up with this Roo thing?”
He heard the answering machine pick up followed by Lance Knight’s voice on it speaking sounding angry “Dad, pick up the phone! There’s a problem that you need to hear about it!”
Jinks broke off the kiss and went to the phone with Janel still clinging to him by her arms wrapped around his neck. 
He picked up the phone and spoke “Jinks Montreal-“
He was interrupted by Lance Knight’s voice sounding still angry “Its Mom. She was checked into a psychiatric facility rehab place on our insisting in New York City. For some unknown reason she walked out after an hour there without receiving treatment and we can’t find her anywhere.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that feeling Janel kissing his neck with a hand running through his hair. He opened his mouth to speak and hear a dial tone in his ear sighed eyed the phone’s cradle to see Janel’s hand on it right on the shut off button. He placed the phone on the cradle and as Janel removed her hand to kiss him on the chest sucking on each of his nipples while running her hands on his muscular abs. He sighed and brought a hand to Janel’s forehead mentally ordering her to sleep and frowned when Janel kept on doing her kissing his chest as if not doing the order. Jinks groaned as Janel kept on kissing him which he jerked as her hand found his sensitive part gripping him through the pants. He groaned figuring out that she was too sexually charged to obey his sleep order hence she coming onto him. He heard the phone ring again reached a hand towards it only to feel himself knocked to kneel by Janel pushing him down after releasing his sensitive part. 
Jinks mentally spoke “Lance what will get Janel to stop doing this so I can tell the kids that she’s here? She seems mentally out of it to me.” 
He heard nothing from Lance while hearing the phone ringing its noises pushed Janel to the floor and quickly got up picking up the phone speaking his name. 
He heard Lizette’s voice speaking sounding upset “Dad-“
He interrupted speaking while pushing Janel’s hands away from the phone and its cradle “Janel’s here and you better get over here quick due to her acting not right at the moment.” 
He heard Lizette speak “Ok will be on our way. Just try to put her to sleep if you know what I mean.” 
He heard the dial tone hung up the phone and again felt Janel putting her hands all over his upper body while kissing him there sexually. Jinks groaned staring at Janel who yanked his sweatpants off of him pooling it on his feet before he could react followed by her hands touching him on the sensitive part that made him feel sexually charged. He rubbed his hands through her hair massaging her scalp as she massaged his sensitive part followed by Janel going lower trailing kisses to his navel. He heard moaning sounds and realized it was coming from him as Janel kneeled and brought her mouth to his sensitive part sucking on it making him feel more sexually aroused. He kept his hands on Janel’s head fingers massaging her scalp as she orally teased his sensitive part followed by himself shivering as she released her mouth from him and stood up to kiss him on the lips while still having hands on his sensitive part. He kissed her back on the lips deeply as he felt himself becoming more sexually charged from the charges of pleasure hitting him. He released his hold on Janel’s head breaking off the kiss to move his hands down rubbing towards her skirt lifting it up while rubbing her legs and tearing part of her underwear for access for him. He backed her up towards the couch’s dresser and forced part of her seat to sit on it while spreading her legs sensing no resistance from her as she removed her hands from his sensitive part. Jinks felt himself needing to enter Janel thrust himself inside her completely up to the hilt while rolling his eyes from feeling charges of pleasure hitting him hard. He felt Janel’s legs wrap around him in a tight grip while feeling her hands on his shoulders nails digging in his skin. Jinks stopped his eye rolling to stare at Janel’s face seeing a pleasant look on it with her eyes closed as she raised her head baring her neck. He brought his mouth to the side of Janel’s neck kissing her there as he brought his hands to her hips holding her and began thrusting in and out of her while feeling charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her. Jinks heard moaning sounds figured that was from both him and Janel while hearing some of the sounds sounded feminine. He thrust in rhythm till he felt himself spill inside Janel and shook from an intense charge of pleasure hitting him while sensing her doing the same. Jinks felt Janel’s hands go to the back of his neck in a locking grip while feeling her legs tighten their hold around him. He sighed to break off kissing her neck to stare at her face seeing Janel’s face had a peaceful look on it with eyes closed. 
Jinks spoke “Janel?” 
He heard nothing from Janel sensing she was lost in her mind by her still locked hold around him and facial expression remained the same. Jinks sighed and brought a hand to her forehead mentally ordering her to sleep and found his order obeyed by Janel becoming limp by her arms and legs dropping off of him. He sighed again removed himself out of Janel and lifted her up carrying her to the couch putting her form on it in a lying position. He adjusted her skirt making it look neat as he could then went to his sweatpants putting them on covering him from the waist down with his feet bare. He went to the armchair opposite from the couch and sat staring at Janel watching her sleep motionless with chest going up and down while appearing to breathe. He stared at Janel till he heard the doorbell ringing shrilling its noises got up and went to the door yanking it open to see a police officer a male along with two paramedics a male and a female with a stretcher bed standing there that looked a little bewildered seeing him wearing just sweatpants. 
Jinks spoke “Something I can do for you?”       
The police man spoke “I received a call that a female mental patient from an out of state asylum escaped to here.”
Jinks sighed and unlocked the screen door while speaking “You’ll find her passed out on the couch.” 
He stood aside as the paramedics hauled the stretcher bed went into the apartment followed by the police man which he followed behind them. He stood with arms folded watching the paramedics examine Janel before putting her on a stretcher bed tying her onto it. 
He went to Janel’s suitcase and lifted it up hauling it to the police man while speaking “This belongs to her.”
He got no comment from the police man who took the suitcase and followed the paramedics out of the apartment which he locked the doors behind them then went to the couch to sit. Sighing he recalled Lizette’s cell phone number dialed it on the phone while holding the phone to his ear. 
He waited as Lizette’s voice came on the line speaking “Lizette Knight.”
Jinks spoke “This is Jinks-“
He was interrupted by Lizette speaking sounding upset “Dad! How’s Mom doing?”
He groaned and spoke “Lizette, what I meant by your mother not acting right was she coming onto me sexually with no success of making her stop.”
He heard Lizette groan on the phone line as he continued speaking “I’m sorry. I couldn’t hold myself back wound up going along with it but she passed out once done if you know what I mean.”
He heard silence on the line frowned as a new voice came on the line he recognized as Lance Knight speaking “Dad I’m disappointed in you.” 
Jinks grimaced hearing the angry tone in his son’s voice as Lance Knight paused with silence on the line which he figured that he wanted him to speak. 
He spoke in a firm tone “Well you’ll see what I mean when you try to tell someone no when they keep on coming onto you sexually finding nothing is working.” 
He heard nothing from Lance but the dial tone hung up the phone and then heard it ring again which he checked the caller ID seeing Lizette’s name on it. 
Jinks lifted up the phone speaking “Jinks Montreal.” 
He heard Lizette’s voice speaking in a lower voice tone “Yeah its Lizette. I know what you’re talking about involving telling people off when they come onto you sexually. Lance wound with that happening to him at age sixteen with his high school girlfriend Niamah Shea who wound up expecting his son given the name of Patrick Roosevelt Knight. He wound up marrying her at Papa’s insisting a month after Patrick was born. He’s still married to her and he’s not complaining about that. Also Niamah wound up having his daughter Maeve Dublin Knight after he graduated from High School two years later. She had his third child a boy named Sean Ireland Knight a year later after that graduation.”
He heard her pause to clear her throat followed by speaking “Oh one more thing check your Ancient Earth history there was an island nation named Ireland is where Niamah’s family came from traveling to the USA to New York City just to attend some New Year’s Eve event hence the middle names of Dublin a city in Ireland and Ireland given to Maeve and Sean.”
He spoke as Lizette paused “What’s up with Lance still competing in karate?”
He frowned as Lizette spoke “He likes doing karate and competing which the feeling is shared with me. Oh his placing in the fighting ranks depending on where he places in tournaments gives him money awards which help to contribute to his family’s lifestyle. That’s due to Papa left specific instructions that we were to receive a monthly stipend a month till we’re both age thirty five then the money he left for us to use freely as we want.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that as Lizette paused then he spoke “Just curious who’s money am I using to pay for my lifestyle anyway?”
He heard a throat clearing noise sound from her followed by her voice speaking “Dad your pretty well off yourself from some of the Master Organization members very richly in money allotting some of their money a month to a fund set for you which they were using to pay the Zeskaya hospital to keep you there while you were asleep. Those members are still contributing to the fund to help pay for you to buy food, get transportation and taking karate classes while paying fees for you to enter tournaments.”
Jinks stiffened hearing Lizette’s words as Lizette kept talking “Oh I should add that those members are all over the Master Organization from the Table members to the Peasant group and some not so rich are contributing money to the fund due to hearing about it.”
Jinks frowned willing him to calm as Lizette stopped talking. 
He spoke “Ok that clears some things up. So you got someone special in mind as a mate?”
He heard Lizette give off a gasp before she spoke “Dad very funny asking me that question. Well to answer it there’s someone named Jayden Kyushu but he’s in the public eye due to his father holding public office in the government. Our relationship have progressed enough to go public with it which we did recently at some fund raiser for a charity for kids to compete in tournaments and not have their families pay for it. Jayden’s fine with me having some odd abilities and he’s aware of you and seems ok with that. Hold on a minute please.”
He frowned as he heard Lizette’s voice loudly speaking “Lance I’m on the phone talking to Dad subject about my boyfriend. He asked and I’m telling him about Jayden.”
He frowned as he heard nothing but silence followed by Lizette’s voice loudly speaking “It’s your business if you want to have a relationship with Dad or not so keep your feelings out of my affairs and let me decide for myself about him get it?”
Jinks heard nothing but silence followed by Lizette’s voice again speaking lower voice tone “Ugh Lance is still a little miffed about what Papa told him about you whom you know what it is from one of our meetings and disputed the stuff as lies. He’s still smarting from that hence his attitude towards you and Papa. I got to warn you that he agrees with Papa that you shouldn’t have a relationship with Mom and will do what it takes to keep Mom away from you.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that as Lizette kept talking “He doesn’t mind that you’re taking karate and planning to compete in tournaments. He’s got a list of tournaments for you to compete in for belts once the federation clears you. Personally I’m hoping that the federation would restore your black belt status so you can give Lance a challenge when it comes to fighting in tournaments.” 
He frowned as Lizette continued speaking “Papa made no secret of you taking karate from age ten to seventeen and earning a black belt which he used you as an example in having Lance and I take karate and compete in tournaments.”
Jinks frowned further forming it on his lips as Lizette kept talking “Karate was the only thing Papa was honest about when mentioning you. Oh sorry I have to go. It’s time for dinner now will call you later again.” 
He heard the dial tone in his ear hung up the phone and eyed the TV’s clock seeing it blared five fifteen in the afternoon. Sighing he leaned back against the couch and stared at the TV till he felt sleepiness shut his eyes. Jinks dreamed of facing Lance who had a big frown on his face. 
Lance spoke “Jinks, you recall yourself being filmed while at the tournament?”
He spoke “Yes the feeling stayed with me the whole time I competed.” 
He stared at Lance who gave up a harrumph before speaking “Jinks, you remember me telling you about the Table member that poisoned Roosevelt and was kicked out?”
He nodded his head as Lance added “That Table member was at the tournament and set up some people to film you competing.”
Jinks stiffened hearing that as Lance kept talking “This person is aware of you getting a black belt at age seventeen. The Table member in question was having you filmed to send the recording to the Karate federation with info on you having a black belt awarded at seventeen. This is to get them to consider awarding you a black belt and not have you started all over again through the belts.” 
Jinks groaned hearing that as Lance continued talking “I should tell you that Tan Lee was at the tournament watching you.” 
He felt himself stiffening as Lance nodded his head followed by speaking “Tan Lee for some reason has a personal interest in you. He’s aware of you having a black belt awarded at age seventeen from other sources telling him that. He’s responsible for having the karate studio take you on as a student with instructions that you were to prove yourself worthy of having a black belt and later be awarded it again instead of having to go through the belts to get it.” 
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as Lance looked away from him then forced his eyes shut. He came to hearing the phone ringing jerking his eyes open with a start. He grabbed the phone and brought it to his ear and spoke his name followed by waiting for the caller to speak. 
Jinks frowned as a voice on it spoke “Hello Jinks, about time we talked.” 
He stiffened hearing the voice sounded squeaky and electronic like to him as the voice continued speaking “I’m told that you’re aware of some things regarding what I did as a member of the Table group by the Master himself.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath figuring out that the person was the kicked out Table member as the voice continued talking “I should tell you my reasons for poisoning Roosevelt Knight was the traitor betrayed you. He used you to father children then sickened Burke Richardson to shoot you as a way of getting rid of you.”
Jinks stiffened hearing that as the voice continued speaking “Roosevelt flaunted to the Master Organization that your son Lance Knight was the Master himself once it was apparent that he had inherited your face when he was age sixteen. A pity that Roosevelt forgot one thing about his betrayal was Janel was still loyal to you. She blabbed to a Table member, me about Roosevelt’s plans for Lance Knight along with making sure that you stay out of the way to prevent that from happening.” 
He felt himself getting tensed up hearing that as the voice kept on talking “Roosevelt I should tell you outlived his usefulness to the Master Organization with his betrayal which I wound up slipping poison in his drink enough to kill him. Oh I was there when he drank the drink and none of the Table members bothered to save him when he appeared to be in distress instead let him die in front of them.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath as the voice continued speaking “I later admitted the deed after Roosevelt’s funeral which the Table members agreed with my view on him and his betrayal but didn’t agree with me poisoning him kicked me out as a result. They did give me a job of keeping an eye on you and making sure that your kept alive with whatever resources available.” 
He heard the voice paused as his eye fell on the caller ID to see the name Louis Jackson blared on it. He frowned feeling himself confused seeing the name wondering if it involved his children. 
He heard the voice again speak “We’ll meet again one of these days I oath that.” 
With that he heard the dial tone in his ear frowned to hang up the phone and stared at the TV’s time seeing it blared six o’clock at night with the sunlight outside being really dim from night vision flashing in his eyes. Jinks rubbed a hand on his face and got up from the couch going to the stairs. He went up them then paused in the hallway to stare at his bedroom’s doorway and the guest bedroom doorway back and forth. He groaned and went to his bedroom entering the room to turn on the light feeling like needing it. He went to an armchair sitting in a corner and sat letting his thoughts wander replaying the phone conversations with Lizette and the Table member in his mind. He stiffened as the Table member’s words talking about meeting again came to his mind. He cocked his head as he realized with a start that he had already met the Table member but didn’t recognize the individual as the person on the phone. 
He frowned thinking to himself “What’s with the name of Louis Jackson when Roosevelt used that name? Makes me think my children are using that name but I doubt that they would do the poisoning unless they did? I don’t think I know them very well enough to know what their capable about. Hmm that name was on the package my son told me he sent while on the phone with him.”
He paused to get up and pace walking back and forth with arms folded as he again thought to himself “It might explain why Lance not my son is being secretive about whom that Table member is. He knows it’s possibly my children that did the poisoning.” 
Jinks paused recalling another conversation with Lance flashing in his mind talking about the Table member keeping detailed records of his life and being responsible for starting the Highlander group Scotland a detail kept from the other Table members. 
He frowned to think to himself “I don’t know if that Table member is really my children due to what Lance told me about the person keeping detailed records of my life and starting the Highlander group Scotland. Scotland as far as I know of was in existing before Lizette was born and when my son was a baby hmm. I doubt that my children did this so it’s got to be someone else. Argh I despise having a mystery to solve due to people not being honest with me such as Lance hiding that fact from me and that Table member hiding their voice from me. Harrumph.”
He felt himself tensed up sighed and sat down on the floor and did his stretching exercises while feeling for his body’s pain complaints due to him not very limber which he found that he needed more work on getting himself limber again. Jinks exhaled a breath finding himself relaxing from the stretching and less tensed up which he got up and went to the armchair and sat staring at the books in the bookcase next to it. He cocked his head to read the titles in his line of sight finding none of them interesting to him enough to read the books. 
Jinks thought to himself “Argh! How come I’m not a bookaholic?! If I was interested in reading books I would be reading the books in the bookcase just to pass the time till I felt tired enough to sleep. Harrumph. I can’t believe Mom didn’t pass on the love of reading books to me. I would have enjoyed having something to do out of boredom like I’m feeling at the moment.” 
He paused hearing the doorbell ringing its noises loudly in the apartment sighed and got up from the armchair and darted out of the bedroom running down the stairs. He went to the door and turned on the porch light then peered through the peephole to frown seeing no one there. Jinks backed up lowering his head shutting his eyes and raising a hand. He saw an overhead view of the porch showing nothing in view on it. He raised his head opening his eyes and lowered his hand feeling disgust come to him till an image of his mailbox flashed in his mind. Jinks unlocked the door yanking it open to peer through the screen door seeing nothing amiss which he unlocked to step out and felt himself filmed. He looked at his mail box checking it to see nothing inside it and felt his disgust become full blown froze to stare in the darkness looking behind him was a small red dot light. He stiffened as he realized it was a camera aimed at him from sensing himself filmed quickly walked inside locking the screen door and with a hand shut off the porch light. He peered through the screen door with night vision to see two figures a male holding a device in his hand and a female standing in front of another apartment too many meters away from his apartment wearing clothes that were Peasant wear as a third a male joined them from jogging into view. He eyed the three with recognition within him seeing that they appeared to be the ones that were on his porch steps the other day. Jinks frowned as the filming stopped followed by the three walking out of sight behind an apartment building. He felt himself getting annoyed backed up and shut the front door locking it then darted up the stairs to his bedroom which once reaching there he shut off the light by the switch then with night vision flaring in his eyes sight he went to the armchair and sat. 
He thought to himself “What’s going on with those Peasant members anyway?”
Jinks frowned as he recalled the female visiting him and lying about being alone come to his mind.  He exhaled a breath and felt sleepiness sighed and eyed his bed which he went to it and flopped down on it on his stomach and pumped the pillow with his hands. Jinks shut his eyes falling asleep to dream of himself facing Lance who had an angry look on his face with eyes narrowed in a glare.                    
Jinks stiffened as Lance spoke “I assure you of one thing, your children have nothing to do with Roosevelt’s poisoning get it?”
He nodded his head as Lance continued talking “The reason why I’m not telling you about the Table member’s identity because of you possessing the individual while you were in your healing sleep and causing havoc among the Table group due to Roosevelt who was flaunting your son as a vessel of me.”
Jinks groaned hearing that as Lance kept talking “Roosevelt was also telling lies about you to your son who you possessing the Table member kept disputing them as lies to the progeny repeatedly over and over. This is the cause of havoc among the Table members who heard this fuss said by Roosevelt to your son and this Table member saying that it was lies and disputing them. The Table members in response were secretly debating on what to do with Roosevelt and this Table member’s argument on your son.”
Jinks groaned some more as Lance kept talking “They have already decided to kick out Roosevelt and do the same to the Table member whom they were going to announce that to him and this individual at a meeting so soon after the hospital said that you were healed up. Unfortunately this Table member wound up poisoning Roosevelt on their own decision which the Table members didn’t do anything to help save the man due to someone else aware of the poisoning compelled ordered them not to do anything. This person who ordered the Table members is responsible for having them kick out the Table member and taking the individual’s place as a Table member.” 
He frowned hearing that as Lance continued talking “Also this person who took the Table member’s place has a very strong interest in you as in keeping you alive and making sure that you’re the one who’s declared a vessel of me and not your son by having the progeny indicated to be the son of the vessel hence he having your face.” 
Jinks formed a frown on his lips as Lance paused to form an all black eyed glare that made him nervous followed by him looking away from him and then looking back at him to force his eyes shut. 

Jinks woke up hearing the alarm blaring loudly. He eyed the clock with a frown to see the time of six o’clock blaring on it instead of his set time of eight o’clock on it. He groaned and rolled over on his back rubbing a hand on his forehead then shut his eyes figuring to himself that he’ll sleep some more. 
Jinks jerked his eyes open feeling a hand gagging him on the throat followed by Lance’s angry black eyed face came into view yelling “Get up!”
The scene went black as Jinks lurched up with eyes open putting a hand on his throat feeling himself breathing fine. He looked around the room sensing nothing amiss with night vision in his eyes. He groaned and heard the phone ringing its noises from sitting next to the alarm clock on the table. Jinks reached over grabbing the phone and stuck it to his ear speaking his name. 
He heard a voice speak “Its Lance Knight. You’ll be receiving a package that’ll require your signature so listen for the delivery guy ringing your doorbell.” 
He opened his mouth to speak when he heard the dial tone sounding in his ear. Groaned and placed the phone back on its cradle. He laid his form down on the bed and shut his eyes only to get Lance again gagging him on the throat and yelling at him to get up. Jinks opened his eyes rubbing a hand on his forehead and groaned getting up from the bed. He went to a dresser to pull out some clothes exchanging them in place of his sweatpants which he tossed to the bed. Jinks walked out of the bedroom taking the stairs going down them to the living room which he turned on the light with a light switch and then went into the kitchen figuring to himself that he might as well eat. He made a meal of cereal and milk which he ate then put the dishes in the dishwasher before walking out to the living room to sit on the couch while grabbing the remote from the couch dresser next to him. He flicked on the TV flicking channels then found a local news channel which he watched absent mildly listening to it when there was something interesting and not paying attention when there was something not interesting to him. He heard the doorbell ringing eyed the clock to see the time blared seven o’clock in the morning. Groaning he got up and went to the door peering through the peep hole seeing a male wearing some uniform standing there with a frown on his face. Jinks turned on the porch light and unlocked the door yanking it open to stare at the male through the screen door. 
The male spoke holding up a thick arm sized box and a clipboard speaking “Package delivery for you requiring your signature.” 
Jinks sighed and unlocked the screen door and signed the clipboard’s paper as indicated on the form then took the package which he went inside locking both doors behind him and shutting off the porch light. He went to the living room and sat on the couch and proceeded to rip open the package discovering a folded karate yellow belt along with a large manila envelope rolled with it. Jinks unrolled the envelope and yanked out papers discovering a form for another tournament in Warrick, Rhode Island in their elementary school happening later today along with a note saying that he was to show up before 10 a.m. for the fighting portion of the tournament for his belt status. He groaned and got up from the couch stuffing the papers into the envelope and went to the closet in the hallway to haul out his duffle bag stuffing it inside. He hauled out his karate uniform and white belt then went upstairs to his bedroom. He exchanged clothes for the karate uniform then paused holding the white belt to realize that he was awarded a yellow belt which he recalled left on the couch. Jinks went to a dresser opening a drawer holding Lizette’s note which he placed the white belt inside then walked out of the bedroom after shutting the drawer. He went downstairs to the closet to grab his shoes which he put on his feet then went to living room to grab the yellow belt belting it around his waist. Jinks sighed and recalled the National Cab service went to the phone and dialed the number. He heard a female Highlander voice came on the line. 
Jinks spoke “This is Jinks Montreal.”
He paused to hear a gasp sound that made him annoyed which he spoke “I like to charter a cab to McGinnis Elementary School in Warrick, Rhode Island from my home in Wethersfield, Connecticut immediately. I like to arrive there before 10 a.m. with due respect.” 
He frowned as he heard typing noises followed by the female voice speaking that the cab will arrive at a time and take him and that they have his address on file and he should wait at the same spot as before. 
Jinks spoke “Fine bye.”
He hung up the phone then eyed the clock figuring that he had time to wait in his apartment went to his duffle bag to pick up his water bottle and discovered it was still filled with water which he went to the kitchen and dumped the contents in the sink. Jinks wound up hand washing the water bottle then once clean refilled it with water and carried it to his duffle bag putting it in its spot. He again eyed the clock on the TV from looking at it and figured that he’ll wait outside. He went to grab his coat which he put on then took out his keys, wallet and cell phone putting the wallet and cell phone in a pocket in the duffle bag then went out the door hauling it. He locked the door behind him and carried the duffle bag to his familiar spot next to a tree as the sunlight became brighter illuminating the area. He frowned eyes on the road watching cars driving by in fast speeds till the cab arrived honking its horn. He saw a Highlander driver sitting in the cab’s driver’s seat looking annoyed which he got inside and shut the car door behind him. He felt the cab move as he put on his seat belt which he stared out the window eyes on the scenery as the car drove through out the state then entered Rhode Island by the sign then entered Warrick town stopping by the elementary school which he got out as ordered by the driver. Jinks hauled his duffle bag to the school entering it to follow signs leading him to the registration table in front of the gymnasium. 
Jinks frowned as he handed the woman there his forms that gave him a glare and rudely spoke “I don’t have your name on the list.” 
He sighed and spoke “Mind if I watch the tournament since I can’t compete?”
He got a whatever as a response stuffed the papers back into his duffle bag and went inside towards a bleacher only to get blocked by a male wearing a black belt that blocked his efforts to walk.
Jinks spoke “Excuse me-” 
He was interrupted rudely by the black belt speaking “I insist you leave now. This tournament has no place for jerks like you.”
Jinks heard silence in the room frowned as the black belt was joined by other belts of various color that appeared to make fighting gestures towards him. 
He hoisted his bag’s straps onto his shoulder and shrugged and spoke “We’ll settle this with the federation.” 
He got no response from the black belt which he walked away out of the gym to hear applause sounding noises while in the hallway felt himself annoyed which he went out and stiffened with shock to see the familiar cab was sitting in its spot with the driver leaning against the front of the car. 
Jinks frowned as the driver seeing he spoke “Some guy told me to wait saying that you might need it so get inside for I haven’t gotten all day.”
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust walked to the cab and got inside slamming the door behind him. He sat in the car stewing about the rude reception he got in the school by the other belts along with the lady official saying about not having his name on the list. He continued to stew figuring out that the papers to the tournament was a joke just to get him there to be confronted by the belts and kicked out by them. He shook his head to glare out the window eyes on the scenery with a glare on his face. He felt himself furiously angry felt rage arrive within him only to feel a headache hit him that made him feel calm and no longer angry followed by the head pain leaving him. 
He sighed as the cab reached his karate school and stopped followed by the driver speaking “End of the line get out.”
Jinks obeyed figuring out that he’ll attend karate class and use the physical exercise to get rid of his fury like feelings he might have later. 
He entered the school to see the familiar female there that spoke seeing him “Kui wants you in her office now.”
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust went to Kui’s office to see the door open with her inside standing with arms folded a glare on her face. 
Jinks heard from her “Shut the door behind you now.” 
He heard the angry tone in her voice obeyed and went to sit in a chair in front of her desk as Kui remained standing. 
Kui spoke “You want to explain why your face is similar to a Karate champion named Lance Knight? Some tabloid newspaper focused in Karate has been blaring that you have some obsession towards him, had surgery to make your face identical to him and is taking karate to be like the karate champion.”
Jinks exhaled a breath and spoke “I donated my services to a man named Roosevelt Knight to have children and that I’m the father of Lance and Lizette Knight.” 
He clamped his mouth shut seeing a calculating look in Kui’s eyes who spoke “You being in a twenty year frozen sleep will have to come out along with fathering the two Knight Karate champions.” 
He nodded his head and spoke “Uh one other thing, I took karate from age ten to seventeen and got a black belt from the teacher I’m told who’s name is Kui Wang Liping.” 
He paused to see Kui’s eyes widen which he added “I think the Federation should know of this black belt status I got as a youngster and see what can be done about it.” 
He saw Kui nod her head before speaking “I’ll be sure to let them know of the black belt status and this information will come out when the time is right. So go to class now.” 
He got up from the chair and left the room closing the door behind him. He went to the locker room to stuff his outerwear, shoes and socks in a locker but left his duffle bag on a bench then left the locker room going to the classroom. 
He went inside and joined the students noticed by Sun who spoke loudly “Jinks do twenty push ups for being late. Lateness isn’t tolerated around here so do them now.” 
Jinks found himself obeying to feel a foot on his back as he did the push ups finding himself having no trouble doing them till he counted twenty then felt the foot off his back as he awkwardly got up from the matted floor.   Jinks exhaled a breath as he did karate drills among the students finding Sergei sticking his face in his face whenever he did kicking figuring that he needs work with them. He found that Sergei left him alone whenever he did the punching figured that his punching was fine. Jinks frowned as Kui came into view towards Sun to tap her on the shoulder. He waited as Sun halted the drilling by loudly saying it and ordering the students to hold pose. He frowned watching as Kui and Sun appeared to have a whispered conversation followed by Sun nodding her head then both turned to face him and the students. 
He waited as Sun spoke “Form a line now near the wall.”
He obeyed finding himself at one end of the line waiting as Sun added “Students show me your Kata your doing for tournaments and starting with you.”
He frowned as she pointed to a student at the other end of the line which he watched patiently as students took their turn doing their Kata then he had his turn doing his Kata finding himself off balanced with the kicking to his frustrations. 
He finished bowed and went back in line then Sun spoke “Class dismissed for the day. Jinks stay.” 
He obeyed as the students left the room leaving him alone with Kui, Sun and Sergei standing in a row facing him. 
Jinks frowned as Kui spoke loudly “You show me the Kata that Kui Wang Liping taught you to do.”
He found himself obeying recalling the moves easily but discovering himself a klutz with the leg movements but still finding himself doing them while getting off balanced a few times till he ended with a bow. 
Jinks frowned as Sergei spoke “Here catch the Chuck.” 
He caught a familiar karate weapon he recognized and heard Kui speak “Show the weapons Kata as taught.” 
He obeyed finding himself having no trouble doing the weapon’s form but found his kicking needed work to his frustration. He again ended with a bow then stood holding the weapon in hand while eyeing Kui, Sun and Sergei standing in a row all appearing to have calculating looks in their eyes that made him nervous.   
Jinks frowned as Sun spoke “The Kata form and weapon you were taught by Kui Wang Liping you’re to do it when competing in tournaments. Besides practice them both at home at first available opportunity and your movements should improve enough to do well at tournaments get it?”
He nodded his head and heard Sergei speak “Toss me that Chuck back to me.”
Jinks obeyed seeing Sergei catch it followed by Sun speak “Jinks dismissed. Go home and practice. I expect to see improvements while attending class here so go.” 
Jinks nodded his head bowed then walked out of the room to the hallway going to the locker room. He found his wallet sitting on top of his duffle bag and with disgust running through him took a look in it to find nothing missing rooted through his bag for his keys which he found still in its pocket. He found his cell phone was still inside the bag which he examined to check for the phone numbers seeing them still in it. He frowned seeing an unfamiliar phone number in it with Sun Dragon Studio labeled next to it. Sighing he yanked open the locker and pulled out his coat, shoes and socks putting them on his form over his karate uniform then hauled the duffle bag out of the locker room walking down the hallway to see the familiar lady wasn’t at her desk. Sighing again he walked out of the building walking in the direction towards his apartment complex lay. He paused in the parking lot of the grocery store to see traffic in the street going pass his street he had to cross to get to it was looking heavy and figured that he’ll use the crosswalk at an intersection which he walked to it. He pressed the button for walk and stood eyes on the crosswalk monitor waiting as the signal for walk flashed followed by honking of car horns sounding very loudly. He sighed and walked across the street on the crosswalk while hearing car horns sounding in an angry tone to him. He reached the other side of the street and took the sidewalk to his street see traffic was still congested.  Jinks sighed as he walked on the sidewalk on his street passed apartment complexes till he reached his home apartment complex and traveled to his apartment halting his walk to see a tan package sitting on the porch. He went to the porch to put a hand on his screen door and felt irritated feeling it again locked while sensing the familiar filming sensation. Jinks growled of annoyance willed himself to calm and waved a hand seeing both doors unlock themselves opening wide. He tossed inside his duffle bag and lifted up the package seeing it was large square but on the thin side. He went inside and locked both doors behind him then went to the living room to dump the package onto the couch. He sighed as he went to the hallway and stripped himself of his coat and shoes and karate uniform. He put the uniform and belt in the duffle bag then stuffed it in the closet along with his shoes and coat. Jinks darted up the stairs to his bedroom to find his clothes were still on the floor from being left there in the morning. He put them on and then went out of the bedroom to down the stairs heading to the living room which he picked up the package to scrutiny it. He saw the name Louis Jackson as sender with a familiar New York City address and sighed. He ripped open the package to find inside was a Chuck weapon wrapped in plastic while in a folded position along with a framed paper in a picture frame. He stared at the framed paper to read to his shock that it was the one he got from Kui Wang Liping when he was awarded his black belt from seeing the paper’s date and oldness look to it. He held up the picture frame and spied the wall above the couch to see a nail sticking out of it which he figured he’ll hang it there. Jinks hung the picture frame seeing that the nail held it up on the wall then stepped back to stare at it. He sighed and felt himself hungry went into the kitchen to peer into the refrigerator figuring out what to eat. He found a packaged prepared meal in the fridge which he yanked out and eyed the microwave oven sitting above the stove which he figured he’ll use to cook the food. Jinks sighed as the microwave oven cooked his food then with a loud ding sound he took it out putting it on the table on a place mat then grabbed a fork from the drawer then proceeded to gobble up the food leaving none left. Sighing he threw the tray in the garbage in the closet then yanked open the refrigerator to take out the milk jug and brought it to his lips gulping down some milk finding himself very thirsty. 
He sighed once done and stared at the jug with annoyance thinking to himself “Why couldn’t I use a cup?! Harrumph. I had to drink out of that. Oh well.”     
Jinks placed the jug back into the refrigerator then went into the living room to see the time blared three o’clock in the afternoon. Jinks sighed and grabbed the Chuck weapon tearing off the plastic and tossing the plastic wrapper in the garbage bin in the kitchen’s closet. He placed the Chuck weapon on a couch dresser figuring he’ll practice it at another time. He sighed feeling himself too tired to do Karate figured that he’ll stretch which he sat on the floor and stretched forcing himself to go a bit beyond his body’s limit. He figured that it’ll help train his body to become limber again if he did the beyond the limit stretching everyday. Jinks sighed feeling himself better from stretching went to the couch and sat leaning back only to feel sleepiness which he shut his eyes leaning his head back. Only to open them when he heard the sound of a phone ringing next to him as night vision blared in his eyes sight. He picked up the phone while eyeing the caller ID to see Louis Jackson’s name on it. He spoke his name then paused waiting for a response. 
He heard the familiar squeaky electronic voice speak “I don’t find it amusing it that you let yourself get bullied out of a tournament by people.” 
He exhaled a breath hearing that as the voice continued speaking “You’re a black belt holder. You should be able to knock them down in a fight to teach them lessons that appearances are deceiving such as that you’re not really a beginner in karate despite looking like one.”
Jinks exhaled another breath as the voice kept talking “Next time they pull this stunt on you teach them a lesson get it?”
He heard silence on the line spoke with a groaning tone “Fine I’ll see what I can do next time.” 
Jinks heard a dial tone as his answer eyed the caller ID to see the phone number wasn’t on it as he hung up. He stared at the TV seeing that the time was seven o’clock in the evening. He got up and went upstairs and stripped his clothes putting them in the laundry machine then went into the bathroom to shower. 

Jinks came out in the buff going into his bedroom to find his sweatpants were still on the bed as he left them. He grabbed them and yanked them on and then got into bed lying on his side yanking the blankets over his head. Jinks recalling the alarm’s six o’clock time sat up and reached with a hand to adjust the alarm clock setting the time to eight o’clock in the morning. He sighed finding himself satisfied with that laid down on his side and threw the blankets over his head and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm blare its noises yanked the blanket off of him to glare at the time and frowned seeing it said six o’clock in the morning. He groaned and threw the blanket back over his head and shut his eyes. He jerked his eyes open feeling a hand gagging him on the throat followed by Lance’s face coming into view with an all black eyed glare yelling at him to get up followed by the scene going black. Jinks jerked his eyes open yanking off the blanket to glare at the clock seeing it was five minutes passed six o’clock. 
With a growl he spoke “Screw you Lance, I need my sleep.” 
He laid his form down and shut his eyes only to get the same thing again from Lance gagging him on the throat while yelling at him to get up followed by him waking up. Jinks growled an angry sound and spoke “Go to the depths!”
He shut his eyes only to feel a headache hit him opened his eyes to discover himself standing in the living room wearing his karate uniform with socks and shoes on his feet as the headache went away from him. He heard the doorbell ringing its noises groaned and went to the door yanking it open to find no one there but figured there was something in his mailbox which his hunch was correct finding a manila envelope in it. He yanked it out and went inside shutting the doors behind him locking them. He turned on the living room light and yanked out papers to a tournament in New York City and he was required to show up before 10 a.m. for registering. Groaning Jinks stuffed the papers back into the envelope and went to the phone dialing the National Cab service. He got the same gasped reaction as before from the female Highlander answering the phone after he gave his name. 
Jinks spoke “I like to charter a cab from my home in Wethersfield, Connecticut to Lilith High School in New York City and arrive there before 10 a.m.”
He waited as the female gave him the same thing as before and then he hung up the phone. Jinks sighed and went into the kitchen to eat a quick meal of cereal then went to the closet to put on his coat then grabbed his duffle bag stuffing the manila envelope in it He grabbed his keys, wallet and cell phone which he stuffed the wallet and cell phone in the bag then left the apartment locking the door behind him. He stuffed the keys in the duffle bag then went to the familiar spot to wait as the cab arrived honking its horn. He got inside and buckled his seat belt on and stared out the window seeing the sun come up as the cab drove to New York City. He didn’t comment as the cab driver reached the school parking lot and dropped him off which he went inside following the signs to the tournament and reached the table for registering. He frowned as he got the same rude reception as before by the woman claiming that she didn’t have his name on the list when he presented the paperwork to her. Jinks didn’t comment ignored her by going passed her entering the gym to head to a bleacher seat while sensing himself filmed only to get blocked by a male having a black belt who rudely told him to leave while backed up by other belt holders doing fight poses aimed at his direction near the man. Jinks found he annoyed spoke an odd comment aimed at the male with the word you included and walked around the male only to feel his arm grabbed by him. Jinks dropped his bag and proceeded to flip the male onto his back yanking his arm out of the man’s grip to see the black belt holder swing himself up with a karate move then charge at him while growling loudly. Jinks remembered his karate sparring proceeded to step aside and tripped the male who landed flat on his stomach before rolling over with a karate swing up move. Jinks frowned seeing a black belt he recognized as Lance Knight grab the male by the arm and saw his son appearing to whisper words into the man’s ear who’s face turned into a big glare before letting go of him. He didn’t comment grabbed his bag and went to a bleacher bench to sit with the bag on his feet eyes watching the tournament’s process. His eyes focused on Lance Knight seeing him as an official referee for males with red belts and below belt rank fighting part of the tournament. He frowned as his eyes focused on a red belt male wearing shorts to stiffen recognizing the man as the competitor who wore leg and knee armor from a tournament in Revere, Massachusetts. He frowned watching the male with annoyance seeing that the federation cleared him to compete and didn’t do the same to himself. Jinks felt a tap on his shoulder frowned to look and saw the familiar old Asian male sitting next to him looking at him with some annoyed look in his eyes. 
He frowned as the Asian spoke “What’s going on with you not competing?”
He sighed and spoke “Lady registering competitors said she didn’t have my name on the list despite me showing her the official papers. It’s the second time this happened to me and I’m getting annoyed at being played as like a joke.” 
Jinks frowned as the Asian spoke “You have those papers with you? I like to take a look and see what I can do to help you.” 
He exhaled a breath and leaned down rooting through his duffle bag to find two manila envelopes on the bottom of it inside. He yanked them both out and handed them to the Asian who took them to take out the paperwork and examined them. 
Jinks spoke “Didn’t catch your name sir.” 
He heard from the Asian “The name’s Lo. I know your name is Jinks Montreal so no needs to introduce yourself.” 
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips to stare at Lo examining the papers in his hands before stuffing them back in both envelopes and handed them to him. He put them both in the duffle bag then stared at Lo. 
Lo spoke “The paperwork appears to be in legal to Karate tournament standards. I’m not sure how you acquired them due to that your name really isn’t on the list. I checked when I came in earlier.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that and spoke “I got them anonymously in the mail along with a yellow belt.” 
He frowned as Lo’s eyes narrowed before the Asian spoke “Interesting. You want to explain why your face is twin to one of the black belts I heard named Lance Knight that is currently refereeing fighters?”
Jinks groaned and leaned forwards towards Lo to lower his voice while speaking “I was in a coma and put in a twenty year frozen sleep for an unexplained medical condition. Before that happened I friend a man named Roosevelt Knight who couldn’t have children and took pity on him by donating my services which two children a male and female were the result of that.” 
He paused to see Lo’s eyes form a calculating look in them that made him nervous which he added “The children in question are Lance and his sister Lizette hence the face similarity with Lance himself.” 
Jinks straightened up his form as he saw Lo nod his head in a short bob and then the Asian spoke “I’ll tell you some rumors I heard said around among people. I heard that the federation is bewildered by you. Such as the way you fought in a tournament that indicated a black belt status despite wearing a white belt and doing a beginner like form when doing a Kata in the forms part of the tournament.”
He stiffened hearing that as Lo kept talking “The federation is also curious to know why your face is similar to Lance Knight a well known karate champion and that some tabloid has been blaring some joke of you having some fan obsession with him.” 
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as Lo paused to point a finger towards the competitors fighting before adding “That red belt you fought in a tournament caught wearing armor on his legs and knees is better known among the federation. He trains in a studio in the state of Massachusetts with a female black belt karate champion winner of forms and weapons in tournaments. The federation has three strikes and you’re out of tournaments rule hence him allowed to compete after doing the armor stunt at a tournament.” 
Jinks frowned hearing Lo’s words as the Asian paused to clear his throat then continued speaking “Another rumor I heard spoken is the federation is investigating you for various things which you answered my questions about that.”
He exhaled a breath as Lo paused as the crowd around them gave up applause with cheering sounds before becoming quiet. 
Lo spoke “In my personal opinion from what I learned from you I think I would award you a black belt instead of having you going through the ranks to earn another one. It’s just my opinion anyway.”
Jinks nodded his head as Lo paused from talking to frown despite his facial hair and then added “Have you heard of a retired black belt Karate Champion named Tan Lee?”
He stiffened hearing the name to see Lo looking at him which he spoke “I met him as a teenager which we both wound up having some dispute but managed to get over our anger towards each other years later after losing touch. I read online the internet that he’s an undefeated black belt Karate Champion in fighting in tournaments that later retired. His daughter Sun is my teacher in a karate studio in Connecticut and that his other daughter Kui works there as a member of the federation.” 
Jinks paused as Lo gave a short bob which he kept talking “Kui witnessed me take down a black belt student in sparring due to them trying to kick me out when I tried to sign up for karate lessons as a beginner. I got the impression that the federation frowns on adults taking karate as beginners hence their attitude towards me. Kui wound up insisting that I take lessons which I have been doing for awhile.”
He paused to hear the crowd give off applause and cheering sounds followed by them becoming silent. 
Jinks spoke “As for my beginner form in Kata that’s from my body in a twenty year sleep and not keeping up karate enough to have a black belt form.” 
He frowned as Lo’s eyes formed a calculating look in them again which made him feel a little nervous. 
Lo spoke “Interesting. A piece of advice to you regarding those karate tournament forms. Next time you get them either ignore them or attend tournaments to watch if your name is again not on the list. I suggest you talk to Kui about that and listen to what she says due to that she’s a member of the federation and she should know what their views towards you are.” 
Jinks nodded his head as the crowd gave of applause and cheering sounds very loudly which he kept his mouth shut as the crowd became silent. 
Lo spoke “The title fight is coming up soon. I suggest you watch it and see what I mean about you being like a black belt in fights.” 
Jinks again nodded his head then turned away to look around the gym room to see standing around were a crowd of belts various ranks and black standing in two groups in opposite sides of the room. He frowned as Lance Knight stood in the middle of the group inside a rectangle gesturing with both hands towards each group to come. He watched as the red belt with shorts came forwards entering the rectangle as another red belt wearing pants arrived entering the area. Jinks frowned watching them both fight attempting to knock each other off their feet. He recalled his fights to realize that the red belts’ fighting was uncoordinated, sloppy and weak compared to his sparring in a previous tournament. He continued to watch as shorts knocked his opponent down to the crowd’s loud cheering applause. Jinks frowns seeing pants get up awkwardly but continued to fight shorts and knocked him down to scattered applause among the crowd. He frowned further realizing that the crowd favored shorts by their reaction to the fighter going down. He continued to watch the fight seeing shorts knock down pants to the crowd’s thunderous applause. He sighed as Lance Knight grabbed short’s arm and lifted it up declaring him the winner. Jinks watched as pants got up and shook hands with shorts then watched as a black belt arrived carrying a two colored belt consisted of the colors of red and black and handed it to shorts who hoisted it above and then walked away appearing to head to his bag while receiving pats on the back by fellow belt holders. Jinks exhaled a breath to feel a tap on his shoulder. 
He looked to see the hand belonged to Lo who spoke “I assume you get what I meant that you fought like a black belt compared to them?”
Jinks spoke “I get it what you mean and I can see that comparison.” 
 He doesn’t comment further as Lo speaks “I’m leaving and has seen enough of the tournament.” which Jinks figures “I’ll leave myself.” goes outside to call for a cab.
 He gets the same gasped reaction as before when mentioning his name that gets him annoyed. He waits as the cab arrives and takes it to his home in Connecticut. Once again he finds his screen door locked and has to use his powers to unlock both doors while sensing himself filmed that annoys him. He goes inside to put away bag and karate uniform along with belt and shoes then puts on some clothes. He figures he might as well eat which he does then hears the doorbell ringing goes to the door to unlock it and sees no one there but an envelope in his mailbox which he yanks out and goes inside locking both doors. 
He sees the envelope contains a printed letter from the federation telling him “You’re to refrain from competing in tournaments for three months while we investigate you with no explanation given.” 
He feels annoyed crumbles up the letter and tosses it to the wall then gets angry to storm to the basement door and gets an image of Lance scowling holding a sword in his hand. Jinks ignores to go inside the basement and gets a rage episode only to come to finding himself lying outside in his yard on the stone work with eyes shut like he was unconscious or something with an itchy feeling in his back.
Jinks wound up hearing voices talking about “Him looking like Simon Idaho.” annoys him and jerks open his eyes. 
He sees the three familiar peasants are in his yard standing over him who looked shocked seeing him open his eyes. 
Jinks will the Master through and find himself floating above his body to see it change into Lance spoke “You peasants got that wrong! I’m the Master named Lance Richard!” then finds himself back in his body glaring at the peasants who look nervous.
Jinks get up and storms inside leaving both sliding doors open but curtain covering the area closed. He spots a candle on the table that is lit grumbles about it goes to it and blows it out only to find himself lying in the yard on his stomach while hearing water pouring sounds behind him. He looks behind him to eye the curtains seeing that they look wet. Jinks then hears the water sounds stop which he gets up and walks inside shutting the glass sliding door and screen door and locking them behind him feeling the rugged floor is wet. Jinks sees wetness focused around his dining table that appears to have split in two and is lying on the floor which he eyes to see it has burn marks on it that makes him think the candle was some kind of bomb. He feels annoyed to feel irritated heads to the bathroom next to the kitchen in the hallway and uses the facilities and feels himself better then hears the doorbell ringing sound peers through the peephole to see a cop there. Jinks wills away the Master and senses the itchy feeling is caused by something within him which he calls the Darkness and wills it away from him. Jinks unlocks the door yanking it open to find the screen door open and the cop has a gun device pointing that fires part of it at him hitting him in the chest zapping him with pain that knocks him out cold. 

Jinks comes to find himself lying in a bed hearing an alarm clock like sound and feels himself annoyed to wake up to glare at a female wearing scrubs standing next to his bed that spoke “I insists that you sit up and eat!”
Jinks obeys and is handed food on a tray in dishware to eat which he gobbles up and gulps down the drink then sits leaning back on the bed adjusted by the nurse he assumes and falls asleep passing out unconscious. 

Jinks comes to hearing an alarm sound wakes up discovering he’s in his bedroom in his apartment and eyes the clock seeing it says eight o’clock in the morning gets up to feel irritated with the events happening to him. Jinks heads to the bathroom to take a shower and in the buff takes out cleaned clothes from the laundry machine and puts his dirty ones in there. Jinks then puts on the clean clothes and wanders downstairs to eat breakfast finding himself terrible hungry eats two bowls of cereal and then gulps down milk from the jug ignoring the disgust feeling of doing that. He goes to the dining room portion of the living room to spot there’s a new dining table and chairs in its place. Jinks take a look around the area to see the burn marks of a fire are gone from the wall. Jinks spotted a new armchair sitting nearby judging by the looks of the furniture. Jinks then looks around further in the room to spot different couch and different couch dressers along with new lamps and new phone related devices. He eyes the TV to see it looks the same but the table it’s on is different then eyes the coffee table next to it to see it’s the same as in the furniture farther away from the dining table. Jinks spots the computer looks different as in flatter and not so boxy looking while sitting on a boxy device with a mouse device next to it. He frowns to eye the rugged floor seeing it looks the same but looks like it’s, been cleaned from how white it is instead of looking dirty. Jinks shrugs finding he frowning about the new stuff but figures that it was replacement for the candle bomb going off in his apartment. He eyes the ceiling to see round disks stuck in the ceiling scattered in it. He frowns recalling hearing water pouring in his apartment while he was outside figured that the disks hold water to put out fires.  He goes to sit at the couch and leans back staring at the ceiling letting his thoughts wander then feels sleepiness shuts his eyes to dream of facing Lance who looks annoyed. 
He frowns as Lance tells him “The federation sent some assassin to knock you out. Mostly to bring you outside to the ambulance which that someone snuck in your basement and wound up in a fight knocked out.” 
Lance adds “You wound up darted managed to get outside falling unconscious. You were discovered by the peasants who can’t make up their minds to worship Simon or me who you made up their mind of who to worship.” 
Jinks frown hearing Lance’s comments as Lance continued to speak “The assassin left a candle on your table lit with knock out gas. You blew out but the candle blew itself up as a result. You managed to get away from the candle by throwing yourself outside.” 
He frowns hearing that as Lance adds “The cop was the assassin’s back up in order to knock out you. He did.” 
Jinks frown forming it on his lips as Lance adds “You were brought to a hospital for tests to find out why your face was identical to Lance Knight. They found out your face isn’t fake but the real deal. They did a blood and DNA test to discover if you are related to Lance Knight and his sister Lizette. The test results will take awhile that the hospital is backed up with of DNA and blood tests courtesy of the police seeking suspects in crimes. It might take a few months before the hospital gets to those tests to get the results done.” 
He frowns hearing that as Lance adds “Some Table member in the Master Organization had someone inspect your apartment. It’s mostly from hearing about the fire alarm being set off in your apartment brought firemen to examine the damage finding nothing serious then left.” 
“This Table member” according to Lance “had the inspector deem if there was anything damaged that needed to be replaced. Several items called furniture and machine devices were replaced along with the floor covering cleaned very thoroughly of water.” 
Jinks form a frown on his face hearing that as Lance continues to speak “You should use the three month break from competing in tournaments to practice your karate. You should see about improving it to compete again.” 
He groans loudly as Lance forces his eyes shut. 

Jinks wakes up hearing the phone ringing eyes the phone to figure it’s similar as before sees a name on it that makes him think “Its belongs to a newspaper.” 
Jinks ignores the phone figuring out that he shouldn’t talk to them hears his answering machine go on and hears a message from them saying “We’re identifying ourselves as a newspaper.” that makes him think “It’s a tabloid.” 
Them saying “We’re asking to speak on your face is similar to a karate champion having an obsession with him and trying to copy him by taking karate.” 
He feels disgusted ignores the answering machine as he hears a phone number left included with the message and then the machine goes silent. He presses the word delete message on the answering machine and finds it deleted which he gets up shaking his head feeling disgusted.  

“I found further memories in a jumble in my mind involving Jinks Montreal’s practice of karate including taking lessons in it I remember fully enough to follow along myself. I wound up finding myself able to take those lessons to heart via mind when I have breaks of writing down Jinks’ story as insisted by Zerra. She’s still insisting on me to do that writing despite unable to sleep and me doing those karate movements. I found myself doing those moments like they were muscle memories easily done including a limber status. I’m not sure why’s I have that ability in mind despite Zerra refuses to let me focused onto that reason instead keeps on blaring Jinks’ name and the word focus.” writes Brandis.

Jinks find himself spending free time practicing his Kata in forms and weapons along with kicking and doing karate swing up moves and improving his limber status. Jinks keep attending classes at the studio during a three month break from tournaments while investigated by the federation as ordered to not compete. He finds after the three months are up he better improved from doing his practicing and cleared to compete in tournaments by the federation with no explanation to their results to why he was investigated. Jinks are still annoyed to find that he’s not awarded a black belt like he hoped. He attends a tournament in a college university in Massachusetts doing his forms and weapons while judged by judges wearing black belts who don’t seem happy to see him and again places last in both events. He fights in the tournament and gets to the last four competitors round which his opponent gives up the fight by going down with a knee injury and he wins by default. He gets to the title fight only to get darted in the back that knocks him out cold. 

Jinks wakes up back in his apartment still wearing his karate uniform but pads are off him while seeing his duffle bag is no where in sight but spots an envelope taped to the dresser. Jinks gets up feeling irritated which is speak for body expelling something I do via plant in the cave room involving liquids but solids is into a hole in the wall that indicated that. Jinks heads to the bathroom and then walks out feeling better to back to his bedroom to yank the envelope off the dresser and pulls out a printed letter.
The letter is detailing another excuse towards Jinks he didn’t realize it at first “The karate federation is investigating the darting of Jinks Montreal and his opponent for cheating. Jinks Montreal and his opponent should refrain from competing in fighting tournaments till the investigation is over with in a three month time duration.”
Noticed that the name of the opponent wasn’t in use in that letter hence I know it was an excuse as letter continues “Our results will be mailed to them both but Jinks Montreal like the opponent is allowed to do forms and weapons.” 
He changes out of his karate uniform to clothes and goes downstairs to find his duffle bag sitting on the floor near the door which he puts his karate uniform in it and stuffs the bag in the closet. Jinks again practices karate till he feels himself hungry goes to eat then again practices karate then eyes the clock saying its nighttime which he goes to bed and dreams of Lance.
Lance who tells him “Kui Lee who is actually Kui Wang Liping herself leaked to a karate focused tabloid what you told her about fathering the Knight, karate champions. That information included being in a twenty year frozen sleep being in a, can’t be wakened coma. The doctors had no way of waking you up put you in frozen sleep till there were medical advances to do the job of waking you up just to keep you alive happened three months ago. The karate federation got wind of this news. They had you tested in the hospital. Your face was discovered the real deal. There was some kind of comparably test done on you to see if you matched Lance Knight as a family member which the results have come out revealing a positive match after three months of waiting.” 
Jinks feels himself annoyed hearing that as Lance continues to speak “Kui doing the leaking was trying to get support for Jinks yourself in the federation enough to have you be declared a black belt holder. You earning one, years ago and not having to start all over again going through the belt ranks which the federation is still debating on that.” 
He doesn’t comment as Lance forces his eyes shut and he comes to hearing the alarm sounding groans and keeps on sleeping only to get a realistic dream of Lance gagging him and demanding him to get up. Jinks obeys gets up getting dressed to eat breakfast finding himself eating a big meal then practices karate before checking the date and realizes that it’s a holiday and that there’s no classes on holidays. He hears a doorbell ringing noise goes to answer the door and finds no one there but checks his mail box to find a rolled up paper appearing to be a newspaper which he yanks out and goes inside locking both doors. 
He unrolls the newspaper to see it’s a tabloid from the looks of it and sees the cover story is on him saying “Who is he actually?”  
He opens the newspaper to find the article which he reads detailing what Lance told him Kui leaked to the tabloid without implying her including “It’s rumored Jinks Montreal took karate as a youngster and earned a black belt as a teenager from Kui Wang Liping. There’s a rumor going around that someone in the federation is trying to get him declared a black belt holder and not have him start all over again in karate going through the belt ranks.” 
Jinks exhale a breath to continue reading the newspaper which he finds an article on Lance Knight and Lizette’s reaction to being questioned about him fathering them. 
He reads “Lance Knight told the tabloid a rude comment of ‘You’re to getting out of my face! No comment!’ when further asked and adding ‘I’m threatening to kick the female reporter’s seat if she wouldn’t stop bugging me with questions.’” 
He frowns reading that as he reads Lizette’s reaction which his daughter spoke “I confirm that Jinks Montreal fathered me and my brother. He was a family friend who took pity on Roosevelt Knight not able to have children donated his services. The subject is a sore subject to my brother who has to be put up with being reminded of that his face is identical to his father.  Roosevelt and our father had a falling out broke off their friendship just before Jinks himself fell into coma an unexplained mysterious medical condition and was put into frozen sleep for the doctors to keep him alive till they could wake him up. Lance Knight is torn on loyalty to both Roosevelt and Jinks himself enough to not want to talk about it to people. It’s been a sore subject to Lance Knight, Roosevelt telling him all sorts of things about Jinks over the years. Jinks after he woke up from a coma disputed the things were lies. The lies have been bothering Lance Knight enough to not want to talk about it.” 
Jinks continued to read Lizette also told the tabloid “Lance Knight has refused despite my efforts to talk about the subject keep getting blow ups of anger whenever I brings it up. I sensed that he’s furious with Roosevelt for not being honest about Jinks. Jinks not being around to father us or dispute the lies Roosevelt has told him repeatedly over the years.” 
He frowns as he continues to read “The tabloid is trying to reach Tan Lee for a comment about the allegations involving Jinks Montreal himself who has been unreachable and hasn’t set up a spokesperson to speak on his behalf about them.” 
He went to sit on the couch and reads “Megumi Takemoto was reached at the school she was principal at which her comments were seen evasive refusing to talk about Jinks himself instead kept changing the subject to something else.” 
He frowns reading “Kui Lee and her sister Sun Lee Zordanov were asked to comment when they both attended a tournament for kids when the allegations first broke out two months ago. The tabloid blaring the news of Jinks Montreal on their cover and reporters asking questions about it to people.
Sun according to the tabloid balked talking to the female reporter instead kept telling the reporter ‘You’re to get away from me from making me feel dizzy.’ 
Kui was asked and said ‘I’m not at the liberty to discuss the matter. I’m not the entire body of the federation. The federation will talk about it and what will be done about the allegations.’” 
He continues to read “When Kui was pressed for more comments told the reporter ‘Your to get out of my face and leave me alone!’ while threatening to kick the reporter’s seat if the reporter didn’t do it.”   
He frowns as he continues to read “The tabloid was doing some analysis on the allegations that Jinks had a black belt from Kui Wang Liping. Including what the federation will do about the rumors. It’s as in either giving Jinks a black belt or have him go through the belts all over again. An internet vote on that was dead even on which way the federation will go in their action towards the allegations.” 
He reaches the end of the newspaper puts it on the couch dresser then sits down to brood letting his thoughts wander then gets up and goes downstairs to practice karate again while doing stretching exercises. Jinks discovers that he’s limber enough to do a perfect split with his legs on the floor but listens to his body’s complaints when he stretches finding that he’s limber as he was before he went into his twenty year coma. 

Brandis writes “The limber status is something I find myself in when I’m stretching exercises during a break of writing.” 

He practices his karate swing up move finding he having some success in doing it but thinks “I need to keep the exercise up.” 
He practices his Kata including his weapon till nighttime then goes to shower and go to bed. 

Jinks waked up by alarm time of six o’clock which annoys him only to be forced up by Lance yelling ‘I’m insisting on that wakeup!” 
He gets up and hears the doorbell ringing which he goes to the door to find a manila envelope in the mailbox yanks it out and goes inside to see it’s a form for a tournament in a college in Connecticut happening later in the day. Jinks frown gets he ready for the tournament but uses a food cloth bag to hold his weapon water bottle and paperwork. He eats breakfast then calls the National cab service to charter for a cab. He finds the same gasp reaction to his name which makes him annoyed hearing that. He gets a cab and takes it to the college gym arriving thirty minutes early.  
He finds according to the lady official accepting him “The black belts are competing first then you lower ranked belts.”
So he goes to sit in the bleachers to watch them compete and watches as if drawn eyes on a male with Highlander and Human looks and thinks “I figures from the looks of him that the male is my son Michael doing weapons and forms.” who wins both to the audience’s cheer. 
He continues to watch as the women do their fighting seeing Lizette herself fight and is impressed with her fighting to witness her win the women’s fighting division in her age group. He continues to watch as Lance Knight his son wins the men’s fighting division in his age group and feels himself happy about that. Jinks find its time for the red belt and below ranks to compete. Jinks find he filmed as he finds Michael who doesn’t give away that he knows him as one of the judges in the forms and weapons division. Jinks places third in both beating three competitors but again is snubbed when he tries to shake hands with the competitors. 
Michael he sees goes up to him saying “I’m introducing myself as named Michael. I’m saying I had to meet you anyway.”
Jinks while he’s having hands shaking finds his mind scanned and realizes “My son can scan minds by touch.” 
As he gets a memory of he killing a male via Meritanian’s mind scanning felt at the memory reportedly said “He’s the one who did the murder of Michael’s mother a Highlander female.” 
Jinks sees Michael’s expression is that he is seeing what’s in his mind then after handshake let’s go to speak “Thanks for competing.” with the word thanks emphasized.
Jinks doesn’t comment goes to his bag and puts on his shoes then goes to get his third place trophies and on the way a black belt male picks a fight with him. He manages to take down the black belt using his fighting skills in sparring repeatedly who won’t quit picking on him despite him walking away after knocking down the black belt fighter. Jinks finds that he has to defend himself from the black belt bully and continues to knock him down with the bully getting up to pick on him again till he gets angry and kicks the bully in the head knocking the male out unconscious and then picks up his stuff and leaves while hearing silence from the arena and senses the audience is staring at him. He ignores that to go outside and calls for a cab. Jinks takes to home and once at home puts the third place trophies in the basement and puts away his karate uniform back into his duffle bag and weapon in it then goes to get dressed in clothes then goes to eat some food. Jinks turns on the TV flicking through the channels only watching what’s interesting to him till he comes upon a channel talking about a karate tournament. Jinks watches only to discover to his disgust that their talking about him flattening a black belt’s seat and show video of that which he sees himself easily taking down the black belt fighter. 
He continues to watch the broadcast showing a reporter saying “There’s a rumor going around that the black belt fighter was ordered by the federation to pick a fight on yellow belt identified as Jinks Montreal. Mr. Montreal was rumored to have a black belt from his time as a youngster. Mr. Montreal was in a twenty year frozen sleep who recently woke up from it.” 
He frowns as the broadcast continues to talk “The federation was according to rumor checking out Jinks Montreal’s skills by having the black belt fight him just to see how advanced Jinks was in karate and whether to award him a black belt or have him go through the belts to later earn it.” 
Jinks feel disgust hitting him shuts off the TV and glares at it letting his thoughts wander till nighttime. 
He goes to bed and dreams of facing Lance who tells him “The rumor about the federation isn’t a joke but true.” that makes him feel disgusted and forms it on his face.
 He continues to listen as Lance explains “The Federation is trying to find out how advance you are in your karate skills by having the black belt fighter pick on you repeatedly. The audience entirely witnessed that and their silence is from them being in shock seeing a yellow belt defeat a black belt in a fight.” 
He frowns hearing that as Lance continues to talk “Kui is the one who spread the Federation rumor just to gain up support for you. She was being loyal to you. You getting a black belt from her as her excuse for finding you loyal to her because of that and is returning the loyalty favor.” 
He continues to frown as Lance forces his eyes shut which he passes out and came to hearing the doorbell ringing its noises eyes the clock seeing it’s around seven o’clock in the morning groans to get up and go downstairs to the front door. He finds no one there but finds a white envelope in his mailbox which he yanks out and goes inside locking both doors and yanks out papers.
Jinks seeing a printed letter from the federation telling him “We’re investigating an unauthorized fight at the tournament between you and a competitor. Both should refrain from competing in tournaments till the investigation time duration of three months is done with our finding results mailed to the both of them.” 
Jinks feels himself disgusted crumbles it up and tosses it to the wall feeling he getting furiously annoyed with the federation pulling stunts on him and balking on awarding him a black belt. He goes upstairs to find himself too angry to go back to bed puts on some clothes consisting of underwear shorts, grey sweat pants, socks and grey rugby long sleeve shirt exchanging his pajamas for them then stomps to his bathroom to glare at his hair which he brushes. He stomps out to the kitchen which he prepares himself a meal of cereal forcing he to eat finding he needs nourishment then heads to the basement to practice karate. Jinks wound up practicing in forms and weapons along with karate swing up moves finding he doing it perfectly and does stretching.

Brandis adds “I can do that swing up move myself perfectly like I have muscle memories of it. Not sure why’s I’m having that ability including an ability to do complicated karate kicking maneuvers involving flips and twists. Zerra is still balking on letting me concentrate onto why’s I have that karate easily.” 

He continues to practice karate finding himself doing the movements perfectly without any mistakes and finds his kicks is perfect to his standards. Jinks eyes the clock to realize that there’s class today later so he goes upstairs to eat lunch finding himself needing to eat then gets himself ready to class. Jinks figuring that he’ll arrive early in case Kui wants to talk to him and avoid Sun scolding him for being late and making him do various push ups which he hates doing. 
Jinks goes to karate school and gets told “Your to go to Kui’s office as called to by her.” by the receptionist telling him that.
Jinks obeyed and sit as Kui spoke “I ask you to explain the unauthorized fight with a competitor a black belt.” 
He explains “The competitor started the fight and picked onto me. He refused to get the message I wasn’t interested in fighting despite me walking away after knocking down the black belt repeatedly. I was forced to knock out the man unconscious who keep bullying me. I walked away after doing that and left the tournament place going home.” 
He frowns as Kui speaks “I’m asking you if you got any word from the federation involving that fight.” which he replies “I got a letter from them detailing that I and the competitor were to refrain from competing in tournaments for three months while the federation investigates the fight. Their finding results will be mailed to the both of us.” 
He doesn’t say anything else as Kui spoke “I order you to go to class.” 
Jinks go to the locker room to put on his uniform and belt then goes into the class room to see other students there stretching. 
Jinks follows suit doing his stretching finding his body no longer complaining in pain from him being limber figures “I’ve reached my goal of being limber.” 
Jinks swings himself up with a karate swing up move as Sun and Sergei enter the room. Sergei barking to the students “You’re to line up backs to the wall!” 
He finds himself at the end of the line obeys watching as Sergei and Sun standing in front of the mirrored wall then Sun orders “You students to do your Kata your using in tournaments! Your take your turn doing it!” which he finds himself last. 
He waits patiently till it’s his turn does the Kata as taught by Kui finding himself doing it perfectly to his standards. 
Jinks then joins the line waiting as Sun spoke “I orders the students to form rows for drills!” 
Jinks obey finding himself in the back row at one end as his usual spot. 
Jinks finds that Sergei is still doing his face sticking in his face half the time whenever he does leg kicking drills figures “My kicking isn’t that perfect enough but I’m not to complain about it.” 

“Jinks Montreal wound up doing karate a month later from memories of him.”

A month later finds himself impatient for the federation’s results while in his apartment on a weekend. There’s no classes on that particular weekend finds himself bored. He hears the doorbell ringing nearly sunset while dressed in his regular clothes goes to answer the door. 
Jinks see outside is Janel with a suitcase speaking “I asks to come in.” in some tone that sounds annoyed. 
He allows her in and locks both doors behind her and turns on the living room lights then stands staring at her as she tells him “I recently came out of a mental asylum. My children putting me in it for thinking that I was crazy. They were greedy for my money trying to get it from me so they could live richly.” 
He doesn’t comment recalling a previous visit when she came on him sexually and acting not right to him in his mind. 
He frowns as she spoke “I have once I got out of the asylum contacted a lawyer to see that my money is protected. The children won’t get the money. The mental asylum stunt they pulled on me. Their thinking of keeping me further committed long enough for them to get my money.” 
He keeps his mouth shut to think “I’m wondering what the real story is.” as Janel adds “The children were raised a bit spoiled getting everything they wanted by Roo. Now the spoiling has stopped once Roo passed away.” 
Jinks stiffen as his senses blare telling him “Liar.”

“Something I seem to have myself involving telling lies.” writes Brandis who adds “I seem to know when someone is lying by the ability to tell lies by the wording liar spoken in my mind.”

Jinks think “I wonder what Janel’s real purpose of being here is.” 
He doesn’t comment as Janel hugs him abruptly which he hugs her back and discovers her hands going underneath his shirt feeling his muscles there while speaking “Jinks Montreal, I missed you terribly.” 
He doesn’t comment think “I come to realize that Janel isn’t mentally insane but genuine with her words.” 
Jinks places hands on her head fingers through her hair to massage her scalp while hearing her moan a soft sound. Jinks lowered his face and kissed her on the lips finding her kissing him back. 
He doesn’t protest as she breaks off the kiss and spoke “I order you to intercourse ritual of sex with me.”
Jinks finds her stripping her clothes as he does the same and once naked lowers her to the floor with him on top of her and mates with her enjoying it finding himself happy with that. During the mating his senses blare warning but he ignores the sensation till once done with the mating pulls out of her and sits up only to stiffen seeing Lance Knight and Lizette both with black eyes and glares on their faces standing in the room near the open door entrance. Jinks before he could say anything gets put to sleep by Lance Knight waving a hand which he feels sleepiness falls asleep on his side passing out unconscious. 

Jinks comes to hearing the doorbell ringing jerks himself up in a sitting position to discover that Janel and suitcase is gone and that he’s still naked without clothes while lying on the floor with his clothes scattered around him. He gets dressed in his clothes while hearing the doorbell again ringing goes to the door to find no one outside but figures it’s something in his mailbox which he finds a large manila envelope. Jinks bring it inside locking both doors behind him and sees that the time on the clock says six o’clock in the morning which he turns on the lights and sits on the couch to pull out papers to read. 
Jinks discovered the paper labeled “A copy of a doctor’s file on Janel Knight herself while in the mental asylum.” 
He reads “Janel was observed by people around her talking to herself like she was conversing with Roosevelt Knight who passed away months back. She was seemingly distracted and spaced out along with obsessed with wanting to see a male named Jinks Montreal as her husband and mate Roosevelt Knight himself.” 
He frowns as reads the file that continues “Janel after put in the mental asylum seemed to get better from being in there from counseling and repeated visits from her children. She lately just prior to being temporary released for outpatient visits to her children’s homes seemed angry about something. Janel hasn’t admitted what made her angry as in having blow ups and targeting her children as the source of her anger whenever her children are mentioned to her.” 
He frowns thinking to himself “I’m wondering if Janel was angry about being put in the mental asylum hence she reacting like that and blaming her children for it.” 
He continues to read the file that states “Janel gave her children the slip when they went to pick her up for an outpatient visit to their homes. They found her with Jinks Montreal having some mating ritual unauthorized for Janel to have. 
Janel after Jinks was knocked out threw a tantrum at them yelling at the children ‘Your not getting my money for being raised spoiled!’ 
Something that wasn’t true which the children knocked Janel out and got her dressed then hauled her and her items to the car and have decided to have her continue being committed to the mental asylum. It appears that Janel has progressed to anger and is taking it out on her children some behavior they never seen from their mother before. The children sensed that the insanity behavior is caused from her reacting badly from her husband’s death. She has stopped being insane but enough to act angry and belligerent towards people such as her children.” 
He frowns as he looks at the TV to check the date and realizes “The entire weekend has passed. It’s a weekday. I’m wondering why I was out asleep that long only wakened up by the doorbell ringing its noises.” 

“Something I share with the doorbell having some ringer alarm clock to wake me up that’s controlled by a mind called Eli. Eli is short for Engineered Life Intelligence a machine that controls the noises I hear from time to time waking me up from sleeping. I’m sure that if I didn’t have Eli’s noises I would have kept on sleeping too long hence Eli considered a female making her noises and waking me up for a routine. Ugh.” Writes Brandis who adds “I know that Eli seems to favor me by how noisy she gives off involving waking me up and having a routine. She doesn’t seem to be talkative when it comes to trying to converse with her. I do know that Eli was a talkative person-
I wound up interrupted by Zerra blaring “Jinks Montreal concentrate onto him and not that brain machine named Eli!’
Ugh might as well keep on writing.”

Jinks continues to read the file that states “According to a lawyer, Roosevelt Knight left most of his money detailed to be totaled in the millions willed to the children who were to get it as monthly stipends till they were thirty five. They would get it all and that Roosevelt left only a sum of ten thousand dollars to Janel recent revealed documents that stated that Roosevelt just prior to death was planning on hitting Janel with divorce papers reason unknown. Janel was made aware of after his death.” 
He frowns wondering “What was up with Roosevelt to act this way?” 
As he reaches the end of the file and puts it back into the envelope then puts it in a couch dresser drawer and feels sleepiness leans back to shut his eyes. 
He dreams of facing Lance who tells him “Roosevelt and Janel got into arguments about Roosevelt flaunting Lance Knight as the vessel of the Master Lance Richard myself. He was lying about yourself to the children. Janel has been disputing to the children behind Roosevelt’s back but the children seem to believe Roosevelt over her. Roosevelt hitting Janel with divorce papers was fed up with arguing with her. He finding she not agreeing with his plans decided to kick her out of his life. He proceed with his plans relating to Lance Knight something some Table member found out through Janel and poisoned Roosevelt to death disagreeing with Roosevelt’s plans.” 
He speaks “I’m asking why I was out unconscious through the whole weekend and waking up by doorbell noise?” which Lance replies “That’s some side effect from being asleep for twenty years I’m not sure when it’ll wear off.” 

Brandis adds “Which my senses blare indicating Lance’s wording is a lie to me. I’m not sure why’s Lance was lying to Jinks despite the male an idiot couldn’t detect that lying sense. Ugh.” 

Jinks frowns as Lance continues to add “Jinks, you when asleep has to have the alarm clock set to wake you up at certain time periods. You’ll continue sleeping and won’t wake up unless some loud noise like the alarm clock going off will wake you up like what happened to the doorbell ringing its noises that woke you up.” 

“Something Eli does to me waking me up by blaring loud music of bells.”

Jinks groan loudly hearing that as Lance adds “Janel going insane is a bad reaction from learning about some paperwork involving something called divorce dissolving a marriage that made her go insane enough to get committed to the asylum.” 
He frowns as Lance continues to add “Janel has progressed enough to stop being insane but has gotten angry enough to be belligerent towards her children and people. 
She was mating you just to spite some people including her children telling her ‘Roosevelt didn’t mean it with his divorce papers. He really loves you enough to not want to do the divorce.’ 
She wasn’t accepting at the moment.” 
Jinks frown forming it on his lips as Lance adds “Janel’s anger is aimed at Roosevelt finding out about the divorce papers. Roosevelt left her with not much to live on after his death. Her children have been busy using half of their money awards in karate tournaments to help their mother live comfortably but it’s not much to live on as when Roosevelt was alive.” 
Jinks speak as Lance pauses “What I could do to help Janel get over her anger and live better comfortably?” 
Lance replies “Janel has to get over her anger by herself. She has to learn to improve her lifestyle by herself. She already knows the way of doing the improving and hasn’t been thinking straight on doing it yet. But I assure that she’ll do it once she has calmed down from her anger.” 
Jinks ask “What’s up with Roosevelt having a policy of keeping Janel away from me?” Lance replies “That was before Roosevelt started arguing with Janel. Roosevelt didn’t want Janel to have a relationship with you something he emphasized to the children about which are enforcing it.” 
He frowns as Lance continues “Your son Lance is very serious on enforcing the policy agreeing with Roosevelt but Lizette isn’t that serious about it enough to enforce it seeing that you is her father and Janel her mother. She’s not serious enough to not care on whether you have a relationship with Janel or not. But she is only enforcing the policy whenever in her brother’s presence who insists to her to enforce it.” 
Lance adds “I’m asking you about your meeting with your son Michael.”
Jinks tell Lance “I wound up meeting him at a karate tournament a month ago who seemed to be a mind walker. Michael scanned my mind when we shook hands. The memory of me killing the male that killed Michael’s mother flashed in my mind. My son saw and said some thanks comment involving competing but emphasized the word thanks to me.” 
Lance speaks “Michael has been declared missing started two weeks ago by his parental raisers. People aren’t interested in searching for him. His hybrid status that people normally don’t treat hybrids correct and seemed to not care about them hence their attitudes at the moment.”
Lance adds “I’m hearing things around Shadan that Michael were seen disappearing in a flash of light. I knows is some kind of transporting off the planet ability but isn’t sure if its Michael himself doing it or someone else and is trying to find out about it.” 
He notices Lance glancing off in a direction when mentioning Michael being transported to him and looks to see nothing but water in his view with horizon appearing to look fuzzy to him.
Jinks frowns to ask “What’s you is doing?” 
Jinks get his eyes forced shut wakes up to hear the phone ringing which he eyes the caller ID to see it says Lizette Knight’s name.
Jinks picks up and speaks “Lizette, I’m asking if you or Lance, your brother had anything to do with sending me a doctor’s file on Janel when she was committed to the mental asylum.” 
He pauses to hear Lizette’s voice speaking sounding annoyed “Me and my brother had nothing to do with the file. I think that file sending is Scotland doing it.” 
She pauses before continuing “When our mother gave us the slip some Highlander came up to us and balked being threatened to go away. We don’t talk to Highlanders via mental talk and only talk via verbalized wording as stated by Humans to have via laws.
The Highlander via wording of mental talk blaring told us ‘You’re to go to your dad’s home in Connecticut.’ 
He was using some insisting tone which we went and found you mating with our mother which has my brother furious with that.” 
He doesn’t comment as Lizette continues “My brother has been thinking of hiring some people to spy on Janel when she’s released from the mental asylum. Mostly have those people report to him on what’s she’s doing including of when she goes to see you, father Jinks yourself. It’s when those people will interfere keeping her away from you but that hasn’t been put in action yet. Money issues is why’s people are balking. People are not willing to do the spying like using people in the Master Organization who have balked doing it. Their, are more interested in yourself seeing you as a vessel of the Master that needs to be protected. The people don’t care if the vessel is forbidden from having a relationship with Janel herself. 
Some of those people saying ‘What the Master wants the Master gets.’ when referring to you getting anything you wants including what you orders them which they’ll do it.” 
Lizette becomes silent which he speaks “A question asking you how you feel about I, your father, having a relationship with your mother despite your Papa emphasizing that as forbidden.” 
Lizette gives off a noise later identified as disgust and speaks “When Papa was alive I cared about the forbidden policy enough to be serious about it. Only I wound up to drop the caring when it was revealed after Papa’s death that he was planning on divorcing my mother. Papa left not much for my mother to live on along with lying about my Dad, you, with all sorts of lies. You, Dad disputing the talk which has me going through ranges of emotions towards the policy. This has gotten to the point that I don’t care anymore on whether the policy is enforced or not.” 
He exhales a breath as Lizette keeps talking “My brother has some belief that Papa hitting mother with divorce papers was just Papa angry at mother. Arguing with her awhile before his passing along with what was willed to her just to spite mother. My brother has his mind set on keeping mother away from my dad. I’m slowly trying to get him to drop that attitude which is taking time by how strong thought my brother is with that policy.” 
He feels himself dejected as Lizette continues “Dad, if you want a relationship with my mother, you should do it discreetly without my brother being aware of it. You should use your vessel status in the Master Organization to get people’s help in having it done. They’ve been seeing you as the vessel for years and have balked seeing my brother as the vessel despite Papa flaunting him as that. There’s Master Organization’s members’ living in the neighborhood where your, is living but their hidden with their membership. They have knowledge of getting you to discreetly have a relationship with my mother. They wound up having knowledge of the Master Organization and its sources which you should seek them out and start issuing orders on that matter.” 
He opens his mouth to speak to hear Lizette add “I have to go now being alerted that my brother is coming to the penthouse! I don’t want him to know that I was on the phone with you, Dad! I not sure if my brother is still angry with the situation involving catching you, Dad mating with our mother!” 
He frowns as he hears a dial tone in his ear hangs up the phone and eyes the clock seeing it says nine o’clock in the morning figures “I’ll go shower and eat something.” 

Brandis writes here “My showering facilities involve a pool with a small waterfall that’s a hand length above me for washing and cleaning me. I do have memories of myself using Jinks Montreal’s twin shower facilities enough to figure out which is cold and which is hot water. I’m not sure why’s I’ve got that knowledge in mind despite Zerra keep on blaring for me to not to concentrate onto the cleaning chore she calls it.”

Jinks goes upstairs to the bathroom which he puts his clothes in the laundry machine then showers then naked walks into his bedroom to find some clothes. Jinks puts on his form then walks downstairs to the kitchen to prepare some food finding he needing to eat food.

“My food nourishment involves some machine that gives up some cup sized drink that makes my mouth water. I finding the smell of the food makes my mouth water like crazy enough to gulp down the drink via metallic silver cup in a fast motion. The machine is attached to the wall in the cave I’m stuck in that appears to be a tomb for the God King Lance Richard. 
Zerra is heard blaring ‘Quit thinking of food nourishment and just think of Jinks Montreal!’ interrupting my thoughts. 
I’m forced to agree in response because I’m not itching to take in nourishment now but more inclined to sleep but Zerra is keeping me awake by her saying ‘Think Jinks Montreal! Don’t sleep! Just remember!’
I guess when Zerra lets me sleep I’ll stop writing.

Jinks finds a prepared packaged meal cooks it in the microwave then gobbles it all up once its done cooking then throws it away in the trash followed by drinking from the milk from the fridge and not caring about doing it-

“Zerra interrupts ‘Think of something else now!’
I’m forced to agree on an account of not willing to think of Jinks Montreal’s rude habit of not using a cup for liquids. Drinking from the machine mouth onto the area isn’t sanitary and that the machine refuses to give me any nourishment if I got my mouth there. It only gives me nourishment when I got my cup there like a machine is thinking its own thoughts of something-
Zerra wound up interrupting ‘Think of something like Jinks Montreal and karate!’
I might as well do that as she orders me.” Brandis writes.

Jinks second month in the investigation is wearing his sweatpants and nothing else on his form while practicing karate in the living room hears the doorbell ringing goes to answer and find Janel there which he lets in. 
He doesn’t comment as Janel issues “I’m fine now. I don’t need my children to make decisions for I.” who he verbally spoke “I agrees.” to kiss her on the neck shutting her up. 
He hears a throat clearing noise something I can make myself after trying out that noise.
This noise was heard along with his senses blaring which he cuts the kissing to see Lance Knight and Lizette with black eyes in a glare standing in the room with the door entrance open.
Jinks figured “They figured from Janel’s attitude that she went to my place after giving them the slip.” 
Jinks finds himself put to sleep by Lance Knight waving a hand and wakes up hearing the doorbell ringing its noises which he goes to and finds a manila envelope in his mailbox and yanks it out. He takes it inside his apartment locking both doors and reads the contents of the envelope to discover is name and address listing of Master Organization members living in the neighborhood. Jinks sees Megumi Takemoto’s name on the list along with neighbor Owen’s name to his shock and some other names that don’t seem familiar to him. 
He puts the list back into the envelope and stuffs it in the dresser drawer then figures “I’ll use the list when the time arrives.”  
Jinks after three months are up finds the federation’s investigation results by mail. 
Jinks find “The results indicated the black belt admitted ‘I was undefeated in fighting in my age group placed second in the fighting division to another black belt. I was furiously upset about the loss. I wound up being a sore loser picked a fight with Jinks Montreal. Mostly I judging by his belt color thinking he’ll be easy to knock down. I got resistance from Jinks who indicated didn’t want to fight by walking away after knocking me down repeatedly as a lesson I wasn’t getting till Jinks knocked me out unconscious. I woke up in the hospital and given a letter from the federation about them investigating the unauthorized fight and their recommendation regarding tournaments which I obeyed.’” Jinks feel himself disgusted reading that continues to read “The federation gave the black belt a stern warning that if the male pulled the fight stunt again two times the man will find himself banned from competing in tournaments for life.” 
Jinks continued to read “The federation found no wrong doing with Jinks Montreal in the fight with the black belt. 
There were multiple witnesses saying ‘The black belt started the fight.’ 
Jinks Montreal was seen kept walking away from the fighter after knocking the man down repeatedly. The male wasn’t getting the message that Jinks wasn’t interested in fighting wound up knocked out by Jinks himself. Jinks didn’t stick around after the fight quietly left the arena on his, own choice.” 
Jinks once finished reading crumbles up the letter finding the federation is still balking on giving him a black belt and toss the letter to the wall then feels sleepiness leans back on the couch to shut his eyes. 
Jinks dreamed of facing Lance who speaks “There are some things that you should know.” 
He listens to Lance “The crowd after you left was heard throwing insults aimed at the black belt as paramedics arrived and carried the unconscious male out by stretcher bed.
The insult involving wordings ‘You jerk!’
Unsure of what that insult means but don’t tell me. The crowd quieted down their noises to let the rest of the karate competitors compete without distracting them with their noises.”
Lance continues to speak “The federation’s balking on awarding you a black belt is from you earned it from a controversial teacher Kui Wang Liping. She was rumored to teach karate to only law breakers of the law defense moves against police officers when they are being arrested as a way of getting out of that situation and escaping from the police.” “This” according to Lance “Was something the federation later found out after you got you black belt and didn’t agree with. They forced Kui to close her school and banned her from teaching karate again but later allowed her to be elected to a position in the federation. I suspect that the elected position was her being the daughter of Tan Lee himself. There’s nothing I can do to help you get a black belt awarded to you by the federation. I seeing this situation am beyond my knowledge and I’m still learning as the situation progresses.” 
Jinks groan hearing that as Lance continues to talk “From what I learned is the federation is indicating on having you start all over again as in going through the belts while winning tournaments either in fighting or forms or weapons to earn belts. You later earn a black belt once you have competed the belt ranks and won enough tournaments to earn one.” 
Jinks continue to groan loudly hearing that as Lance adds “I have also learned that there are people not in the federation that have loudly been vocal against you in getting a black belt awarded by the federation. They were being aware of Kui Wang Liping awarding you one and insisting you go through the belts to earn one.”  
Jinks stops his groaning to feel annoyance hitting him as Lance kept talking “People’s insisting has put the federation under pressure to decide on what to do with the situation. Hence they balking on the black belt awarding along with throwing stunts aimed at you with other people taking responsibility. I explain such as darting you unconscious in a title fight just to keep you from possibly winning the fight and getting a belt.” which he feels annoyed hearing that. 
He also listens to Lance explain “Another stunt was having the black belt pick a fight with you just to keep you out of tournaments for a time period just to help the federation make up their minds on whether to agree with the people or go their way on awarding a black belt to Jinks yourself.”  
Jinks feel he getting more annoyed as Lance keeps talking “Kui being in the federation has been secretly gathering support slowly for you. She can be kicked out of her elected position if she’s known to be supporting you in your quest for a black belt by the other members of the federation. 
Lance Knight and his sister Lizette have verbally over and over to various people when asked refused to get into this debate saying ‘This is too personal to get involved.’ 
You are their father as a reason for staying out of the situation.”  
Jinks at the time wound up thinking “I think of something to ask Lance.” 
“Lance, how you did in fighting combat with fists and weapons?” he asks Lance. 
He gets in response an all black eyed glare followed by his eyes forced shut something Zerra has refused to let me focus onto seeing the answer myself. Oh well. 

Jinks wakes up hearing the phone ringing checks the caller ID to see the name of Louis Jackson on it and answers the phone.
 Only to hear a voice sounding accented of Rakcaran the Humanoid snakes on this planetary world of Mars that extinct themselves to death speaking in a hissing Summeran tone on it instead of a familiar voice saying “I’m identifying myself as Tan Lee.” which he stiffens hearing the name. 
Tan Lee speaks still hissing away his Summeran “I have been watching you in tournaments. I’ve given reports from my daughters on how you do in doing karate when ordered to do it in the studio you attend. I’ve kept myself updated with the reports going around in the karate federation world involving Jinks yourself. You shouldn’t worry about things.” 
Then he hears the dial tone in his ear hangs up the phone frowning thinking to himself “What Tan Lee meant about not worrying about things?” 
He feels himself confused but eyes the clock and date to realize “There’s karate class today!” 
Jinks feel frustrated and figures that the exercise will help him get rid of being frustrated.  Jinks hears pounding on his basement door goes to it and yanks it open to see a kid fell out that screams at him “Close the door!” 
Jinks does just in time to hear a roaring noise and locks the door which he asks the kid he recognizes as Track “Track a question of what’s going on?” 
The kid in response screams in terror then takes off running away from him which he gives chase and tackles the kid in the living room. Track to his annoyance faints unconscious after being tackled hears a loud mewing sound coming from the kid as there are thudding noises coming from the basement door. Jinks feel the kid’s front to feel movement lifts up the kid’s hooded sweatshirt to see a black cat that looks like it’s a baby from the looks of it and figures that the mother chased Track into the basement wanting the baby back from the kid taking it. He puts the kid on the couch and lifts up the baby gonoid and puts it in the hallway in front of the bathroom then goes to the basement door unlocking it then backs up as he opens the door keeping the door between him and the opening entrance. 
Jinks peers through to see a large giant cat that makes him think “It’s a Panther.” walk out and head towards the baby to lick it then pick it up before walking back into the basement.
Jinks shut the door behind the Panther I recognizes as a giant sized of a cat that hangs around me in the garden when I visit from time to time courtesy of Zerra light show transports me to there. Jinks then lock the door as he hears a doorbell ringing sound goes to the front door to peer through the peephole which he sees cops and paramedics there with a stretcher. 
Jinks open the door unlocking it and are told by a male cop there “A gonoid with poisonous status was seen chasing a kid from the swamp and both were tracked into here.” 
He speaks “The kid is passed out on the couch. The baby the kid took is back with the mother in the basement.” 
He frowns as he unlocks the screen door and lets the cops and paramedics come into the apartment which he watches as the medics examine Track as the cops ask him question “What do you know about the kid and his name?”
He says “The kid’s name is Track Lyons.” and the apartment number the kid lives in along with “His mother Sarah Lyons has a hearing problem of deafness but can read lips and talk. I’m not aware if there’s a father around for I haven’t met the male. The mother and son have a dog that is a German Shepherd Dog breed. I suspects acts as ears for the mother.” 
He frowns to pause from talking as the cops ask him “What about the baby Track took?” 
He speaks “I found the baby underneath the kid’s shirt. I took the baby out and put it in the hallway then yanked open the basement door to allow the mother to come out and get the baby. The adult did and went back into the basement which I slammed the door behind it and locked it.” 
Jinks frown as the cops ask him “How you handled the baby? The baby’s claws have some poisonous venom as a defense against predators.”
Jinks speak “I grabbed the baby by the back of the neck same I do towards cats acting annoyed with me. I took the baby out of Track’s shirt. The kid was wearing another shirt underneath him on his skin but I think the shirt was a T-shirt from the looks of it.” 
The paramedics haul Track out by stretcher whose lips look blue to him he figures “Track was poisoned from the baby’s claws.” 
He doesn’t comment as the cops say “We’ll inform Track’s mother of the situation once communication can be established once she able to be contacted. The kid has been given the antidote to the poison. He has to go to the hospital for further tests just to see how much damage the poison did to him. The poison can cause paralysis for an uncertain time before it wearing off.” 
He doesn’t comment as the cops add “We thank you for your time.” and adds to him “We have alerted animal control to remove the gonoid from the basement that is still trapped in there. We request you to leave the apartment for a few hours for gonoid control to keep you safe from the gonoid in case it resists to being removed.” 
Jinks doesn’t comment but nods his head as the cops leave which he eyes the clock time on the TV and figures “I’ll take a walk to the karate studio and arrive there early to hang out there till class is done for the day.” 
Jinks goes to his bedroom to put on sneakers and then goes to the hallway closet downstairs to pull out his duffle bag holding his karate stuff and takes it out then goes to the couch dresser to pull out his keys, wallet and cell phone. Jinks puts in his pockets then leaves the apartment to see people wearing uniforms holding various gun objects in their hands walking towards his apartment in his direction. 
Jinks waited as they reach him speaking “We identify ourselves as animal control and needs access to your apartment.”
Jinks leaves the door open and directs them to the basement then says “I’m going to take a walk to Sun Dragon karate studio. I’m a student there to wait for class to start and won’t be back till class is done.” he names the time as some time as nine o’clock. Not sure what’s that o’clock thing is ugh. 
He is told “A cop will arrive there to alert you of when animal control has successfully removed the animal will take awhile. It’s highly resistance to our darts and will have to wear it out tired enough to get the animal out without any resistance-”

“Zerra heard interrupting me writing this memory down ‘Don’t you dare use that insult word of animal!’
From memory that insult word of animal involves the Humans using that name for gonoids that are four footed or isn’t thinking smartly like a Human. Ugh. I keep getting wording thinking of First One when I think of Humans. Not sure where that wording came from. Ugh Zerra is still insisting on me to think of Jinks Montreal.
She was saying ‘Think of the First One Jinks Montreal now!’
‘Jinks Montreal is a First One?’ I ask Zerra which I added ‘I thought he was Human. What do you mean First One?’
Zerra in response started saying ‘Nighty night Smarty!’
Mostly in response to not willing to answer my questions despite her making me feels like continuing on writing involving Jinks Montreal. 
She’s not making me sleepy instead is making me wide awake by her giving me commentary of ‘Oh no you don’t!’ followed by her ‘Nighty night Smarty!’ comment.
I think she’s putting someone down asleep to avoid hearing her speaking to me. I might as well do what she insists and continue on writing about Jinks Montreal.
 
Jinks nodded his head Human style of shaking the head up and down and then leave the apartment walking away going to the karate studio thinking once seeing the cars in the road “Traffic is quite bad on the street I can’t jaywalk.” 
I’m unsure of what that wording jaywalk means. 
Jinks figures “I’ll take the crosswalk.” walks to it and uses it while hearing honking of horns coming from cars making him think “Drivers are annoyed with that delay in where their going.” as he crosses the street. 
He goes to the karate studio to find its open which he walks inside to see the receptionist there that looks surprised to see him and comments “You’re early Jinks!” 
He hears a voice speaking from behind “I’m requesting Jinks to my office now!”
Jinks see Kui at the door of her office and obey going inside to flinch hearing her slam door behind him. Jinks goes to the desk to sit at a chair as Kui goes to the desk to sit at a chair. 
He frowns as Kui speaks “My father Tan Lee informed the Federation that he’s been seeing tournaments whether they involve you or not while incognito hidden under disguise. My father has seen you compete in the tournaments including that incident involving you fighting off a black belt picking on you. 
My father informed the federation ‘I furious to hear some rumor going around that the federation told some black belt to pick a fight with Jinks Montreal testing him on his karate skills to determine on awarding him a black belt or not when there was another way of doing that instead of that unauthorized fight.’ 
The other way was having you compete in fighting tournament for belts above red belt just to see your fighting skills. Or having you practice fight with a fellow student who’s a black belt in the studio you attends while being filmed just to gain knowledge of your karate skills instead of the unauthorized fight. These ideas were what my father suggested to the federation for three months ignored while they investigated you for that unauthorized fight.  The federation is now listening to my father and his ideas.
 My father recently showed up at one of their meetings with myself to yell at them ‘You idiots are idiotic to ignore me when I suggested some ideas of getting knowledge of Jinks’ karate skills!’
Along with informing them of being in disguise when viewing tournaments and have witnessed the fighting incident involving you. My father is furious about the federation pulling that stunt and for not thinking straight on getting knowledge of your skills in karate legal means without embarrassing people. Such as that black belt you fought is now humiliated.
People have been overheard yelling this insulting wording of ‘You jerk!’
The tabloids have pointed out this insult is aimed at the black belt when he competed in recent tournament. The people heavily cheered when the fighter lost his match to a fellow black belt answering to the name of Lance Knight.” 
Jinks stiffens hearing Lance Knight’s name as Kui continues “My father managed to get news of his ideas to a Karate focused tabloid along with telling the newspaper ‘I was furious with the federation for pulling stunts on Jinks.’
Such as darting you unconscious during a title fight and using a black belt to fight you in an unauthorized fight. This wound up wrecking the black belt’s reputation in the karate world. 
People via tabloids were said ‘I’m thinking Jinks Montreal was just a yellow belt hence that black belt easily defeated by him like a jerk!’
Those people hadn’t realized that you had a black belt as a youngster. The news affiliates focused in karate had a field day after my father talked to them and now it’s all over the place in the karate world about that.” 
I’m not sure what’s Jinks Montreal’s reaction to Kui’s talk is as Kui continues to talk “The Federation has started listening to my father about what to do with you as in taking his ideas in consideration discussing about people outside the federation opposed to the black belt awarding. 
My father has told the federation ‘You crystal clearly that in no certain terms were you to allow people to decide on what to do with your affairs in the karate world. Or whether to award Jinks a black belt or not for it’s your decision. You have the authority to decide on that, yourselves. If the people don’t like your decisions or what you do then the people should put up with it. You as the federation have the authority to do what it can do for the karate world and not the people to decide period.’” 
I still don’t know what’s Jinks’ reaction to Kui’s talk as she keeps on talking appearing to be babbling to me “My father has from my impression, a personal interest in yourself with no explanation known. My father has been changing the subject whenever I ask him about his interests in you and has refused to talk about the subjective manner.”
He frown forming it on his lips as glimpsed via memory as Kui adds “My mother is Megumi Takemoto has implied to me and my sister ‘I knows the real reason why your father has a personal interest in Jinks.’ but has said ‘Your father has to say the reason to you.’
My mother isn’t the one to speak the reason as stated by her. 
My mother told me and my sister ‘I have seen your father at tournaments and recognized him even when he was in disguise. I have witnessed him talking to Jinks while at the tournaments from time to time.’”
Jinks is sensed shocked hearing as he’s overheard thinking “I realizes that the old Asian bearded male with a cane calling himself by the name of Lo is Tan Lee himself!” 
Jinks speak as Kui pauses “Tan Lee, excuse me for calling your father that when talking to me hasn’t revealed he to me. He has been using some other name identity when identifying himself to me including seemingly friendly with me. Today Tan Lee called my apartment’s phone number and had a one sided talk with me with Tan Lee doing all the talking and not letting me talk. Tan Lee hung up before I could say anything.” 
He pauses to see Kui’s eyes narrow with some look in them that makes me think its involving thinking of some idea to do something that’s twin to the Rakcar’s narrowed golden eyed looks when their up to something not good before their extinction.
She looks at her sleeve seeing some jewelry wristband on it and spoke “I order you to go to class. You and I will talk later once I makes some phone calls I was about to do before you abruptly arrived interrupting my duties.” 
He doesn’t protest gets up hauling his duffle bag and leaves the office while hearing her order him “You to close the door!” 

Brandis adds “Jinks’ door closing is different from the doors’ I’ve seen around here. Those doors seemed to have a mind of their own sliding open when I’m about to rap a fist onto them expecting them to open. I’m not sure if this is a mind detecting me in front of the door or something else involving those doors.
The Rakcar from a memory of them popping up said ‘Doors are trained to open when detecting the proper people in front of them. They won’t open for people who aren’t authorized-‘
‘Think of Jinks Montreal now!’ interrupts Zerra in response to that memory written down.
I guess I’ll do that thinking since she’s not going to let me sleep despite saying her comment of ‘Nighty night Smarty!’”

Jinks does close the door behind him gently and walks to the locker room going inside seeing no one in there to change into his uniform and belt then goes to the karate class. Jinks wound up in the room to spot only Sun and Sergei appearing to be whispering to each other but they notice him come in the room and none of the other students are around. He figures that he’s early which he senses a filming sensation in the room but doesn’t know where it’s from. 

“Filming sensation involves my mind speaking the word ‘Video’ over and over when filmed. 
I noticed this saying involved when I’m actually is filmed by recorders when I try to record myself speaking a memory via device involving projection. Sure enough Zerra blares for me to focus onto Jinks Montreal.
 
Jinks get on the floor and do his stretching exercises while feeling his body not complaining from him doing it and being limber enough to do a perfect split without complaint. I can do a limber split myself. 
He swings himself up with a karate move then hears Sun loudly speak “I order you to do your Kata! You’re to do the tournament requirements while I and Sergei see if you need any work! We were hearing from certain sources that you’ve been given very low marks in the tournaments when he competes in forms and weapons as in placing last! 
Your third place victories were from a black belt that reportedly admitted ‘I wound up to recognize this competitor doing a black belt Kata.’ gave him high scores for that!” 
He doesn’t comment goes immediately into the tournament requirements acting as Sun and Sergei are judges then does his Kata finding himself doing it perfectly without any mistakes. Jinks then ends with a bow towards them then stands staring at them seeing that they go into a whispered conversation that seems short.
Before Sun spoke “I order you to get the Chuck weapon from the wall! You’re to do your Kata including tournament requirements with the weapon! Just to see what work needs to be done!” 
He doesn’t comment obeys to find the Chuck weapon on the wall. Jinks takes off then uses Sun and Sergei as judges to do the tournament requirements and then goes into the weapon Kata again finding himself doing it perfect to his standards. Jinks again ends with a bow towards Sun and Sergei who again go into a whispered conversation.
Their conversation that makes him thinks “I wonder what their up to from my senses making me feel suspicious.” 
Suspicious senses involving that filming sensation from memory of it within mind of Jinks Montreal. 
He frowns as Sun and Sergei finish their whispered conversation followed by Sun speaking “I suspects your last place placing was some rumor now revealed as a lie saying ‘This competitor was obsessed with a karate champion named Lance Knight. Enough to have his face made like the karate champion and was taking karate to be like him.’ 
Jinks are sensed keep his mouth shut as Sun pauses which she adds “The official record involving you is you’re the father of Lance and Lizette Knight. You was said to was friendly with a man named Roosevelt Knight that couldn’t have children donated your services, taking pity on Roosevelt. Then later you and Roosevelt had a falling out broke up the friendship. You then fell in a mysterious coma which the hospital that hasn’t been identified put you in some suspended animated sleep just to keep you alive and wait till their medically advanced enough to wake you up from the coma.” 
He’s sensed not thinking of anything or doesn’t comment as Sun pauses then continues to speak “I’m not sure who started that obsessed with Lance Knight rumor for whoever said it hasn’t come forwards to admitting it. I heard that fingering is pointed to some lower ranked belt male teenager in karate that had a fan obsession with Lance Knight as the source of the rumor. This teenager was the one who told the tabloids that for reportedly for some money sum to pay for furthering his career in Karate. The rumor spread around the karate federation enough to influence the judges to place you last in tournaments and to make competitors not want to shake hands with you.” 
I feel myself disgusted hearing that automatically formed a disgusted expression. Sun appeared from memory paused to glare at Jinks as if he’s forming something on his face. That the glare is from his expression on his face composes my face to be blank and then Sun continues to talk sounding disgusted “The prejudice” unsure of what that word means “Against you is slowly going away. Some black belt at a tournament admitting to be responsible for Jinks having third place victories in weapons and forms from recognizing him doing black belt Kata unheard of a yellow belt doing it. The judge was finding you doing the Kata easily without struggling through it like lower belted members do with black belt forms style. I’ve seen what the black belt was talking about but seen that you’re kicking movements’ needs some more work from looking rushed and awkward. You’re still being limber enough to kick high enough.” 
Jinks overheard exhaling a breath while hearing that as Sun pauses which he thinks “That leg kicking methods of mine explains why Sergei during class would stick his face in my face when I do kicking. I figures Sensei Sun isn’t kidding on that I needs work on kicking.” 
She tells him interrupting his thinking “You’re to practice doing the kicking slower and hold your leg when in the air for a bit!” which he nods his head speaking “Yes Sensei.” in some monotone voice of boredom to my ears.  
Jinks obeyed to do that practicing the kicking with Sergei keeps on sticking his face into his face giving him glares of looks “You can do better than that!”
Sun spoke “Halt! I orders student Jinks Montreal to go home now!”
Jinks tell her and Sergei about the gonoid problem at his home and get told “You’re to wait in the hallway for the cop to arrive!”
He’s firmly told by Sun “You’re dismissed!”
Jinks finds himself not protesting to that order but obeying to go into the locker room to change his clothes and goes out into the hallway to sit on the floor leaning back watching the scenery outside the glass door. 
He watches as fellow students arrive ignoring him till he hears a loud voice yell “I’m asking Jinks Montreal what’s your doing in the hallway!”
Jinks tell her the gonoid problem which she speaks “You should have told the gonoid control that you were going to be at the library which would be a better place of waiting.” 
He speaks “I’m unsure of the library’s location.” and gets scolded by Kui “The library hasn’t changed location! Some things in town are the same as twenty years ago!” 
She tells him “I’m calling gonoid control to inform them of you going to the library to wait!” which she disappears into her office. 
He doesn’t comment gets up and hauls his bag onto his shoulder and goes to the office doorway to hear her talk on the phone “Jinks Montreal is going to be waiting at the town library. He’ll identify himself with the librarian there for the cops to easily find him.” Jinks’ reaction isn’t seen or felt as Kui hangs up the phone and tells him “You’re to go!” 
Jinks leaves and finds traffic bad has to use the crosswalk to cross the street and hears honking of horns sounding annoyed. He finds the library as where it was as before and goes inside to find the librarian looking like the same librarian as before but she’s twenty years older. 
Jinks spoke to the librarian some female human with grey in her hair saying “I identifie myself as Jinks Montreal.” to her gasp of shock and says to her “I was medically out of touch with things. I want to know if I can use the computers.” 
She replies “A library card will be mailed to your address soon. The library card will have access to the computers.”
She sounds sarcastic with her wording despite Jinks not identifying that tone which he nods his head like a foolish First One. Jinks goes to a table next to the newspapers racked in rows and begins reading newspapers.
Jinks overheard thinking “I finding the newspapers boring me with the news. The newspapers are whining about how terrible things involving the weather. This news includes people getting sick with medical ailments involving some plagues as the papers’ focus.” 

“I’m not able to recall what Jinks was babbling about involving the newspapers.” 

He gets interrupted by a male voice quietly speaking “I’m asking for the newspaper your reading once you’re done with it.” 
Jinks finds himself bored with the newspaper hands it to an old man that seems familiar sitting in a motorized wheelchair that appears to be shocked to see him by eyes widening of shock to me. I wound up to feels confused about this shocked status as Jinks keeps his mouth shut in response to hand over the newspaper. He wound up getting the other newspapers and reads them finding them still have the same theme as the first paper. Jinks echoing his thoughts involving finding them boring and whining as he hears a throat clearing noise including a loud ahem sound of a Highlander’s attention noises.
Jinks looks up to see Steven Brown who whispers “The gonoid has been taken out of your apartment. It’s safe for you to return but some female identified as Janel Knight showed up and is in your apartment waiting for you.” 
Steven orders “You’re to come along!” 
Jinks obeys going outside and is halted by the cop holding up a hand and telling him “The old man in the wheelchair is Chief Trent himself.” Not sure what’s Jinks’ reaction to that as Steven continues “Who has some disease hitting him that starting killing off his walking ability. He was diagnosed five years ago. Trent’s daughter Cassidy took a year of convincing him to retire and attend to his health. He has done that and is a frequent visitor at the library always reading the newspapers and sitting at the same table alone but sometimes has checked out a library book for reading from time to time.” 
Its figured that its why the old male appearing to be Human seemed familiar and that Steven isn’t kidding on the male being Trent. He is led to a cruiser and gets inside in the back to see Cassidy sitting shotgun in the car which takes him to his apartment complex. Cassidy lets him out then he walks to his apartment to find the door unlocked and goes inside to find Janel in there. Jinks locks both doors and puts away his duffle bag then goes to Janel to kiss her on the lips which he is interrupted by the phone ringing goes to answer it.
Jinks discovered Lance Knight on the line speaking in some angry voice “I and my sister are outside! Father better let us in or else!” 
He hangs up the phone and tells Janel “That was our son telling me bout the kids being outside.” then mentions to her while getting an idea “Just send me information on contacting me with contacts in the Master Organization. I’ll use my vessel status to get us both a hotel room where we can meet in private without being interrupted by the children. Or having the kids’ find us. I’ll order the Master Organization people to keep their mouths shut about us meeting.” 
I see that Janel seems to agree by the look on her face indicating some air kiss from the looks of it and nodding her head in some Human style gesture I figured involved agreement. He goes to her and kisses her on the lips a quick kiss then goes to the front door unlocking both doors and stands with back holding open the screen door watching as Janel walks out.
Jinks heard her scold the kids “I’m a grown woman who can have a relationship with anyone I wants and that includes your father. Roosevelt” she refers by his full name “is dead and can’t do a thing about that.” 
He eyes Lance Knight to see his son flare black eyes and waves a hand which he hears Janel cut her talk and catches her about to hit the floor. Jinks sensed his son put her to sleep which his son takes from his arms yanking her away from him. He goes inside his apartment locking the screen door and then slams the front door hard and locks it after that. I found my disgusted with the kids’ attitude to keeping Jinks and Janel separate. 
He hears the doorbell ringing snarls angrily “What the depths do they want now?!”
Jinks peers through the peephole to see Owen O’Brien is there. 
Jinks yanks open the door and stares at the male with his senses blaring warning involving the wording “Weapon!” blaring by Zerra.
Jinks seeing the male had his hands behind his back which he figures is holding some kind of weapon. 
He feels annoyed asks “Owen, what I can do for you?” and Owen spoke “I request to come inside needing to have a private talk with you. I don’t want the kids to overhear while on the porch.” 
Jinks wills the Master through to see Owen’s eyes widen which he unlocks the screen door and yanks it open to see Owen pull from his back a hand gun with a syringe attached. 
Jinks mentally spoke “I orders gun to jam.”
He finding his order done and sees fear on Owen’s face which he glares at the male to speak in the Master’s voice demanding to know “What Owen was doing with the gun?” 
He gets no answer instead Owen takes off running away from him which he finds that cowardice yells the word “Coward!” at Owen’s retreating back. 
Jinks then goes inside to lock both doors which he finds himself worked up figures he’ll go practice karate goes downstairs to find the messed up furniture looking like some gonoid clawed them by claw markings on them. Jinks figured that the gonoid control people fought the gonoid and its baby. He does his karate Kata finding his mood stop being foul and practices his kicking doing what Sun suggested for his kicking movement. Jinks hears the doorbell ringing again feels annoyed goes upstairs to the front door to peer through the peephole. 
Jinks find Lance Knight there with all black eyes and snarl a comment with a question of “What the depths Lance Knight wants from me?” 
He uses wording that rhymes with duck despite not sure what it means in place of the word ‘Depths.”
He yanks open the front door to glare at Lance Knight who speaks in a Master Tone “My mother forgot her purse and I want it.” 
Jinks gives up a sound of disgust leaves to the living room to find the purse lying on the floor. Jinks picks up and goes to the front door unlocking the screen and thrusts it to Lance Knight only to see his son wave a hand followed by sleepiness hitting him that makes him stumble towards the floor dropping the purse which he sees the ground rising up towards him feels it on his cheek and shuts his eyes.                          

Jinks wakes up hearing electrical humming sounds while sensing he’s wearing nothing but his underwear shorts. He jerks open his eyes and swings himself up to find himself in a familiar cage room while being filmed and watched glimpses figures in the background that makes him annoyed due to sensing that the figures are his children. He finds déjà vu again as an overweight male enters the cage with a bat in hand and starts swinging it at him which he finds he has to use his karate to defend himself. He uses his Master Powers to put the male to sleep which works only to see the male wake up and attack him again. He finds that someone else is counterattacking him using his Master Powers on the male by glimpsing his son waving a hand after he uses his powers on the male. He feels annoyed knocks the male off his feet then kicks him in the head several times till he figures that he has to kill the male due to that the man isn’t willing to stay down. He kicks the male then bents down and grabs the man’s head and snaps it killing him then stands pointing a finger towards his kids in the background and waving it. He folds his arms to glare at them as he hears electrical humming sounds stop followed by a dart gun going off and stinging pain hitting his back that makes him fall unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing a ringing sound which jerked him awake opening his eyes. He felt himself wearing his clothes and feeling irritated while in a squat position with manacles felt on his wrists hung above him. He straightened his form and with such force broke off the manacles off his wrists then turned around adjusting his clothes figuring out what the irritation feeling was. He rolled his eyes as he released the drug from his system then once done adjusted his clothes. He looked around discovering he was in a cave room that was familiar and saw the gated entrance which he went to pulling aside the gated fence. He felt déjà vu again as he traveled around in the area only to find himself having to go into the elevator which went up after he walked inside. He felt himself annoyed wondering what his son and daughter were up to. He formed a glare on his face as the elevator stopped and he walked out to meet a male Human looking old wearing a suit with a black bow tie. 
He frowned as the male spoke “I’m ordered to lead you to where you’re to go.” 
He nodded his head and wordlessly followed the male down the hallway passed double doors stuck in the walls till the man stopped at a set of double doors and knocked on it three times before opening one door and gesturing for him to go inside. Jinks obeyed going inside to grimace hearing the door slam behind him. He eyed the room’s contents to see his children sitting at a round table highlighted by a spotlight above both with black eyes and scattered Human men wearing uniforms in the room holding long guns in their hands. He glared at Lance Knight who held up a device pressing a button aimed at a direction which he looked to see a projector screen flash to show a scene he recognized himself fighting with karate the overweight male swinging a bat at him. He scrutinized his karate finding his kicking needed some work and not hitting the male properly as he continued to watch himself flattened the male and then killing him. 
He saw the projector went blank as he shifted his eyes towards Lance Knight who spoke “You back off having a relationship with my mother or I’ll send the recording and the fighter’s body to the authorities who’ll put you away for a long time for the killing.” 
He found his mood getting fouler as he figured that Lance Knight was using blackmail to get him away from Janel and figured that his son will do what it takes to keep him away from his mother. He felt himself angry held up a hand fisting it and mentally ordered Lance Knight to choke and saw the order obeyed by his son appearing to gag by a hand grabbing his throat rubbing it while looking like he’s gasping for air by mouth movements
Jinks heard Lizette speak “Father, please spare my brother’s life.” 
He ignored her to continue choking Lance Knight only to hear Lizette’s pleading become panicky which he willed away the choking and saw his son bent down putting face on the table while gasping for air loudly. 
He folded his arms and spoke “I don’t find this stunt of you both blackmailing me amusing. I don’t want another stunt like this happening to me again or I won’t be merciful towards you both again.” 
He paused as Lance Knight raised his head which he added “I saw Roosevelt Knight as a very good friend donating my services to let you come to exist. I’m furious to find that Roosevelt betrayed me by speaking lies about me to my own children. I’m not happy about this. I don’t find your behavior towards me as your father acceptable. I’m fed up with the attitude and expect more from you on that period.” 
He glared at Lance Knight to see Lizette put a hand on her brother’s shoulder that looked at her and saw her shake her head in a gesture I figured meant no in Human’s gesture talk. Jinks saw his son grimace from that before looking back at him. Jinks figured that something else was going on that Lizette gestured her brother to not do. 
He heard Lizette speak sounding pleading “Father please stay away from our mother as requested by our father raiser Roosevelt Knight-“
He interrupted speaking “Why should I honor Roosevelt’s wishes regarding Janel when he betrayed me and spoke lies about me to my own children instead of the truth?”
He glared at Lizette who looked opened mouth before she shut her mouth followed by her leaning back in the chair folding her arms with some frown look on her lips. 
Jinks shifted eyes towards Lance Knight who spoke sounding not sure of his words “You should just stay away from our mother period and honor that request for I’m saying it and not Roosevelt our father raiser.” 
He thought to himself as Lance Knight paused “I’m not obeying that request for I’ll do what it takes to have a relationship with Janel. I will do it to spite my son for his attitude towards me because of believing Roosevelt’s lies said about me.” 
He kept his mouth shut of his thought and spoke “Why should I honor that request? You displaying some nasty attitude towards me and appeared to have taken Roosevelt Knight’s lies about me by the attitude you have been displaying? This includes some stunt of having me fight off some buffoon and killing the male which I’m not happy having to do that.” 
He glared at his son who appeared to be speechless by staring at him with some expression appearing to be of shock before shaking his head and forming a glare on his face. 
Lance Knight spoke “You will choose which is important to you, Janel or karate. If you chose karate I’m willing to help you with your affairs in karate including the karate federation and others in the karate world but will withdraw that help if you keep on having a relationship with my mother. I expect you to choose on that now.” 
He felt himself annoyed with hearing Lance Knight’s words found himself floating above his body to see it change into Lance who spoke words he heard “He’ll take karate but I expect you both to change your attitudes towards your father or he’ll continue to pursue your mother and will use whatever means to keep the relationship including doing it behind your back.” 
He found himself back into his body and spoke “I taking karate was an ultimatum to staying away from your mother. I expect payment for that as in your attitudes changed to treat me as I expect you to treat me as your father.” 
He saw his children’s eyes widen which he added “I know what was said.” 
He pointed a finger at himself and cocked his head while still glaring at his children who appeared to get his message by them nodding their heads but still looking shocked by the expression on their faces. He continued to glare at them as he heard a door knocking sound sounding in five knocks and saw their eyes change to human looking while seeing Lance Knight gesture with a finger aimed at him and pointing to his eyes which he willed the Master away from him. Jinks turned sideways adjusting his arms to stare at the doors seeing it open followed by a familiar male figure entering the room with the door slamming behind him. He stared at shock to see the male was Lo which he figured was Tan Lee who went to the table and sat down in a chair. 
Jinks frowned as Tan Lee he assumed spoke “I got a hold of members of the karate federation’s ear and told them that I’m not amused with the jokes done on Jinks Montreal to determine his identity, karate ability and whether to award him a black belt or not despite people loudly for and against that verbalizing it.” 
He kept his mouth shut as Tan continued talking “I told off the members to think of ways to determine the identity of Jinks Montreal along with determining his karate ability. They have the authority to decide on whether to award him a black belt or not. They can do it without people’s rude interference on the matter.”
He again kept his mouth shut as Tan kept talking “I’m annoyed that members are acting by themselves without orders from the president and told off the members to cut the behavior.  President Knight, You should handle this matter having the authority including doing some member removal for the members not obeying your orders.”
He felt shocked hearing Tan say the words President Knight and saw the Asian’s face was aimed at Lance Knight which he figured was the karate federation’s president who didn’t look happy hearing the male’s words. 
He frowned as Lance Knight spoke “I heard things done by members by another member. These members doing the stunts are currently seeing me as a figurehead. They aren’t taking me seriously when I threatened to kick them out which they laughed at me and said that I was nothing but a figurehead who’ll do what they say.”
Jinks thought of an idea spoke “The President should just award me a black belt just to spite the members and rub the awarding in their faces along with that the president has the leadership position and can do things members can’t.” 
He frowned as he saw Tan looking at him with a frown as he heard Lance Knight speaking “Jinks Montreal, leave the room. I have to discuss something with Lo privately so get out.” 
He didn’t comment left the room gently closing the door and met the familiar bow tie male who spoke “I request you to come with me.” 
He sighed and obeyed following the male to the elevator which took them to a room he saw was a car garage and led to a sedan with a Highlander wearing a uniform next to it that opened the car door. He didn’t comment went inside the car and hunted for his seat belt putting it on as he felt the car start up followed by it driving out of the building. 
He eyed the scenery to think to himself “I wonder what’s up with my son having the President position?”
He felt sleepiness shut his eyes and dreamed of facing Lance who spoke “Roosevelt Knight just after awhile of retiring from politics took the President position of the karate federation with Tan Lee as advisor. The position has a time frame for a person to hold till they run for reelection. The time didn’t expire when Roosevelt passed away so your son took the position in his stead and that members are seeing him as a figurehead.  The figurehead status is from he’s a karate champion and that his father raiser wasn’t a karate expert at all that have members thinking that attitude.”
He felt himself annoyed hearing that spoke “Why is Tan Lee hiding himself as someone called Lo?”
He frowned as Lance spoke “Tan Lee from what I can tell from my observations is hugely popular among the karate world. His championship status and is still popular despite retiring from fighting in karate. He teaches students from time to time in a school hidden in New York City among people who don’t treat him as royalty in the karate world.”
Jinks frowned seeing Lance look away from him and felt his eyes forced shut which he came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder while sensing the car wasn’t in motion. He jerked open his eyes to look off his left to see the driver leaning over him straighten up his form. 
Jinks exhaled a breath as the driver spoke “We’re here at your home now so get out. I have a time frame to meet for getting back to the city.” 
He didn’t comment as the driver got out of his way as he got out of the car and walked to his apartment ignoring the noises sounding by the car behind him. He neared his apartment to pause seeing Owen standing on his porch with back to him ringing the doorbell while holding a gun device behind his back. 
Jinks willed the Master through to speak “Something you want with me, Mr. O’Brien?”  
He saw Owen’s form jerk followed by turning around slowly to face him then the man pointed the gun at him firing it which he felt a headache and found his left hand holding the syringe inches away from his neck as the headache went away. Headache felt like a Meritanian’s manipulation to me. Jinks glared at Owen whose eyes widen followed by the man taking off running he threw the dart aimed at the male and saw him stumble seeing the syringe hit home on the male’s back followed by the man falling to the ground with form still but sensed that he was still alive. He gave up a sound of disgust went to his apartment finding the doors locked and looked in the mailbox finding nothing inside and with a growl willed himself to calm then waved a hand waiting as the doors unlocked themselves followed by them both opening. Jinks frowned seeing a cat sitting in his hallway giving off a meow sound. Jinks eyed the cat sensing it was a female and fur patches looking like it was a calico from recalling information about cats from the cat books he read. He walked inside locking both doors and sighed to will the Master away from him while eyeing the cat who appeared to be sniffing the air by the head motions. He sighed and took the living room route to the kitchen while sensing the cat following him which he looked to see cat bowls sitting on the floor holding food and water in them separately. He sighed and took a look in the refrigerator to see it filled with food which he figured to himself that he’ll eat something before something serious hit him to prevent him from eating food again. 
He sighed again and began to pull out food thinking “I’ll make cooked cheese sandwiches recalling that it was my mother’s favorite food who would cook them from time to time. She making me eats the sandwiches despite me not interested in eating them.” 
Jinks cooked the sandwiches making two of them then once done cooking gobbled them up in a fast motion then went to the refrigerator to pull out the milk carton. Jinks brought to his lips and drank gulping down half of the carton’s contents then placed it back into the refrigerator.  He exhaled a breath to leave the kitchen going to the living room and sat on the couch leaning back eyes staring at the ceiling to feel pressure on his lap. Jinks looked down to see the cat was on his lap on her haunches and proceeded to rub her face on his chin several times before settling down on his lap tummy sitting. He sighed loudly to bring a hand to the cat’s back and heard her give off a meow sound which he figured that she didn’t want to be petted and removed his hand. He heard glass breaking sounds eyed one the windows off his right to see it looking smashed as a canister came into the apartment from it spewing smoke that made him feel sleepy while hearing the cat give off a yowl sound and get off his lap. Jinks felt he passing out unconscious obeyed to the sensation till there was nothing. 

Jinks woke up feeling a hand shaking his shoulder while wearing oxygen like mask covering the lower half of his face blowing air into him. He jerked open his eyes hands in fists only to feel them handcuffed together while feeling a hand on one of his fisted hands in a tight hold. His eyes focused on Steven Brown the cop looking annoyed while leaning over him which he discovered he was laying on some bed outside his apartment building. 
He narrowed his eyes in a glare aimed at Steven who spoke “He’s awake now.” 
Jinks heard beeping noises sounding loudly along with a meow sound sounding annoyed. 
He felt Steven’s hand on his fisted ones tighten its hold as he spoke voice muffled “What…hap…pen…to…me?”
He glared at Steven who spoke as if getting his words “Someone called saying that a man identified as Owen O’Brien was spotted holding some kind of gun turning out to be a syringe sleep weapon around the neighborhood and shooting it at people after they answer the door.  He was later found unconscious with a dart in his back with your prints on the syringe but not on the gun. He’s been formally charged unlawful use of a firearm along with not having a permit to use the gun onto people. He’s currently recovering in a jail cell and will be told of this once he wakes up.”
He felt himself getting angry hearing that as Steven kept talking “We received another call of someone a male wearing a uniform of a military seen walking around the neighborhood holding various objects identified as weapons and seen breaking windows and tossing canisters into apartments which an alarm would be triggered. As for the male someone managed to knock him out and tie him to a tree and reported it.”
He felt himself getting angrier as Steven continued “The canisters were discovered to have some kind of sleep gas that would knock out a person but specialized oxygen would wake them up. Unfortunately they woke up in a bad mood and were pretty violent hence you in handcuffs Mr. Montreal.” 
He breathed hard through his mouth willing his mediation techniques forwards to will himself to calm as he muffled talk “How’s the cat doing?”
He heard from Steven “Oh she’s doing alright, turns out that Owen’s the cat’s owner. The landlord McBroom and Associates put her in your apartment that Mr. O’Brien was late with his payments and was threatening eviction. I wouldn’t be surprised with this latest stunt Mr. O’Brien pulled that he’ll get thrown out of his apartment and out of this neighborhood. A pity to his kids which Owen’s ex-wife will have her wish and get full custody thanks to the latest stunt Mr. O’Brien pulled around here.”
He felt his mood become foul stiffened as he felt a headache followed by calmness arriving within him then the headache stopped. He breathed deeply through his nose with the oxygen and unclenched his hands as Steven let go of one of them. 
He spoke “Any idea why this stunt was happening?”
He heard from Steven “We have an idea but it needs checking out at the moment.” 
He heard the edge in Steven’s voice tone and saw the man’s eyes dart around before focusing on him which he didn’t question the cop’s words figuring that he’ll be told later by Lance talking to him. Jinks continued to breathe through the oxygen mask through his nose as Cassidy walked into his eyes sight and placed a cat on his stomach which he recognized as the one in his apartment. He felt rumbling vibrations come from the cat and felt her tummy sit on him as he felt himself falling asleep shut his eyes and felt himself  passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the sound of an alarm blaring in his ear. He sat up lurching to discover he was back in his bedroom and turned to glare at the clock seeing the time was seven o’clock in the morning. He felt the oxygen mask gone from his face and sighed and felt vibrations on his bed which made him look to see the cat walking on it towards him to walk onto his lap and rub his face with her face. He exhaled a breath through his mouth as the cat continued her rubbing before walking off of him jumping off the bed and he sensed her gone from the room. Jinks rubbed a hand on his forehead got up from the bed and stripped himself of his shoes and went into the hallway going to the closet holding the laundry machine which he peered inside to find clothes in it that smelled like they were clean and fully washed. He sighed to take them out and put them into the bathroom on the sink counter then walked out into the hallway to strip himself of his clothes and dumped the clothing into the machine then shut the closet door. He went into the bathroom and headed towards the shower which once inside he washed himself thoroughly with soap and shampoo finding he much better from the shower. Sighing he came out to grab a towel drying himself then went to his clothes putting them on his form after hanging up the towel on the wall rack. He left the bathroom going to his bedroom to put on his shoes and then figured that he’ll eat something which he went downstairs heading to the kitchen to find the cat sitting in front of her food bowl meowing in pleading tones. He eyed the food bowl to find it empty which he peered into cupboards to find several bags of cat food in there which he took one out seeing it was open and poured a generous amount of food in the bowl. He watched as the cat sniffed the food then began eating it. Jinks sighed to put away the bag then examined her water bowl seeing it looked low which he picked up and put underneath the faucet in the sink filling it up then placed the bowl down on the floor pad next to the cat eating her food. He again sighed then looked in the refrigerator which he settled for oatmeal cereal and took out a packet from a box on top of the refrigerator. Jinks read the directions and pulled out a bowl from the cupboard and stuffed the packet’s contents into it then poured some water into it then placed it in the microwave by the directions. He figured to himself that he’ll pour a cup full of something to drink while waiting as he looked in the refrigerator to find orange juice which he took out and poured himself a cup from the cupboard then placed the carton back into the refrigerator. Jinks put the cup down on the table then sat down listening for the microwave’s ding sound while having his back to it. He exhaled a breath to shift eyes towards the cat who continued to stuff her face full of food before running out of the room. 
He thought to himself “What does Owen call the cat anyway? Oh dear I guess I better call the Landlord and ask once I finished eating my breakfast.” 
He felt a headache and heard a male voice speaking “Priscilla is her name.” 
Jinks frowned as the headache stopped while hearing a roaring noise which the voice reminded him of someone but he couldn’t place it which the voice was actually a Meritanian via sounding of it. Not entirely sure of why’s Lance was keeping the Meritanians out of Jinks’ knowledge at the time. 
He frowned figuring out “I’ll call the cat Priscilla as said by the voice.” which he thought to himself “Lance better tell me who said that name to me.” 
He heard the ding of the microwave got up and took out the bowl of oatmeal and set it down on the table and sat down. He felt himself terribly hungry gobbled up large spoonfuls of oatmeal eating it all up and felt himself still hungry placed the bowl in the dishwasher finding it empty. His eye spotted a box full of cereal which he grabbed opening it and scooped up handfuls of cereal bringing it to his mouth and chew it in fast motions finding his hunger slowly going away till half the box’s contents was gone along with his hunger. He sighed to put the box back on top of the refrigerator then grabbed the cup full of orange juice and gulped it down finding himself still thirsty placed the cup in the dishwasher and yanked open the refrigerator to grab the orange juice carton and brought it to his lips gulping parts of its contents down till this thirstiness stopped. 
Jinks exhaled a breath thinking to he “What the depths brought this hunger and thirstiness on? I think it must be me being knocked out repeatedly and not given anything to take in nourishment after waking up. Ugh.” 
He sighed and left the kitchen going to the living room and sat down on the floor figuring that he’ll do his stretching exercises and practice karate which he proceeded to do taking his time doing the movements feeling for any body complaints and finding nothing wrong. He continued his karate practicing his kicking movements wishing for a punching bag to practice the leg and foot movements in the karate movements. Jinks frowned as he halted his karate figuring to himself that he’ll examine the wrecked furniture downstairs and see if he could use them for kicking. Jinks went to the basement sensing nothing with a hand on the door yanked it open then walked down the stairs to pause with shock seeing the contents of the room was different from before. He stared seeing the wrecked up items were gone and in its place were padded walls along with padded floors and a punching bag hung from the ceiling. He took a quick look around the room to spot the closets that he wrecked were taken out and holding various karate weapons on a rack along with fighting gear and eyed the door that lead to outside his apartment seeing it looked like it was replaced and sturdy with three locks on it one appearing to be a deadbolt, with a peephole in the middle of it. He sighed and went to the punching bag and proceeded to do his karate movements on it recalling himself doing similar movements and seeing the thing not moving as before when he kicked it with either his legs or feet. He figured to himself that Sun wasn’t kidding about his kicking as he proceeded to practice the movements to hear a ringing sounding loudly which he looked around the room to spot a clock on the wall with a bell on it and it was dinging its noises. He eyed the clock to see that a large amount of time had passed and it was the top of an hour which he sighed and ignored the clock to turn towards the punching bag intending to practice more karate and frowned hearing a doorbell ringing noise. He groaned going upstairs leaving the basement shutting the door to see Priscilla sitting near the front door looking curious. He peered through the peephole to see a Highlander wearing a suit outside which he unlocked the door and stared at the male. 
The Highlander spoke “I’m a lawyer representing McBroom and Associates. I’m here on official court business regarding an Owen O’Brien who has been charged with a crime. I’m required to get statements from people around this neighborhood.” 
Jinks frowned as the Highlander continued to talk “Mind if I come in and speak to you in private business? I’m ordered to get a statement from you regarding this person I named.” 
He sighed and unlocked the screen door and stepped aside speaking “Mind the cat please.” 
He heard a cough sound from the Highlander who walked into his apartment which he shut both doors after the male and went to the living room to sit on the couch while staring at the male who placed a briefcase on his couch dresser. 
Jinks eyed the Highlander who opened the briefcase and pulled out a large boxy device aiming it at him which he sensed himself filmed and heard the male spoke “I order you to speak what you know of Owen O’Brien.” 
Jinks obeyed speaking of his first meeting Owen O’Brien along with his kids and then continued adding about catching Owen on his porch with hand behind his back holding a gun weapon appearing to be a syringe gun. Owen was seen ringing the doorbell while back from being out of town visiting family and that the male fired his gun at him. Jinks felt a headache and found himself holding the syringe which the man took off and he threw it at the man’s retreating back which hit him knocking him out and then went inside his apartment. 
He added “My cat Priscilla I’m told by a cop named Steven Brown, originally belongs to Owen who the Landlord of his apartment McBroom and Associates took and gave to me him being late with payments and he’s facing eviction. Also I was told that he has an ex-wife who wished to have full custody of the kids and appears she’ll get her wish. I’m also told by the cop that Owen has been going around the neighborhood with a syringe gun ringing doorbells and shooting people unconscious when they come to answer the door. I heard that he’ll be charged with unlawful use of a firearm along with not having a permit to use the gun onto people from the cop.”
He paused to clear his throat then added “That’s about it I heard or know of Owen O’Brien.” 
He stared at the Highlander who appeared to be frowning and felt the filming stop as the male placed the device back into the briefcase shutting it. 
The Highlander spoke “Chances are you might be required to appear in court by the prosecutor prosecuting the case against Owen O’Brien to clarify your statements as one of the witnesses to the crime he has been charged.”
Jinks nodded his head as the Highlander paused then added “You’ll be hearing from McBroom and Associates at a later date so pay attention to your phone for messages from them. I’ll see myself out.” 
He stood up and watched as the Highlander went to the door carrying the briefcase opening and closing the front door. He sighed and went to the door opening it to lock the screen door and then shut the door locking it and heard a meow sound which he felt a cat face on his ankle looked down to spot Priscilla doing it. He sighed to bend down rubbing her back and got an arched back in response. He sighed as she allowed him to pet her before running away appearing to go upstairs which he sighed and went to sit down on the couch and felt sleepiness leaned back shutting his eyes to dream of facing Lance who had an all black eyed glare on the male’s face making him nervous. 
Lance spoke sounding angry “McBroom and Associates when it comes to crimes people charged with focuses on defending the person from the crime than prosecuting them hence the lawyer there to gain a statement from you.”
Lance continued despite unsure of Jinks’ reaction “Oh you should have kept your mouth shut about darting Owen unconscious because that lawyer will use it against you to possibly keep you from testifying when the prosecutor calls for you. You’re the only witness who’s seen Owen with the weapon. Owen in question has been wearing various disguises acting as a delivery man when he darts people unconscious.”
Jinks gave up a growl sound feeling himself annoyed hearing Lance’s words as the male continued talking ignoring his noises “Also Owen has been wearing gloves on the weapon when he fires it at people but this time he hasn’t when he fired it at you. The motive I heard is related to the Master Organization doing it to get people to obey Lance Knight as the leader and not you. This stunt was also supported by another male who used sleeping canisters to target fellow members as a lesson on viewing your son as the leader and not you.”
He growled loudly hearing that as Lance continued talking “There are various members in the organization who still view you as the leader and are slowly spreading their view onto other members. Some are hesitating on whom to believe in either you as the leader and vessel of me while believing in your son as the same.”
He felt himself angry saw Lance look off his right and forced his eyes shut which the looking seemed to indicate something to me despite the male not admitting to Jinks.

Jinks came to hearing the doorbell ringing eyed the clock on the TV to find it was noon sighed rubbing his head and got up from the couch to go to the front door.  He peered through the peephole to spot Steven and Cassidy there looking grim by the looks of their faces. 
Jinks inhaled a breath to open the door and spoke “Don’t tell me I’m in trouble with the law again.” 
He saw Steven nod his head still looking grim as the male spoke “There’s an arrest warrant for your arrest for darting Owen O’Brien unconscious with some illegal sleep drug. We know that’s from your prints found on the syringe injected in the victim. The prosecutor prosecuting the case isn’t happy about bringing up the charges. 
Some defense lawyer saying ‘I got a recorded confession of Mr. Montreal doing that darting.’ 
So come on out.” 
Jinks felt himself annoyed hearing that unlocked the screen door and walked out as Steven handcuffed him and heard the cop give him his Miranda rights while escorted to the cruiser and forced inside. He didn’t say a word as the cops drove the car to the police station and him taken out and brought inside to a cell. The handcuffs were taken off of him and pushed inside which he went to sit on the mattress bed leaning against the wall back on it eyes on the cell’s entrance. He sigh hearing nothing but snoring sounds coming from a cell next door him and figured that it was Jose sleeping off being drunk again. He exhaled a breath to continue staring at the cell doors as he felt sleepiness shut his eyes and dreamed of facing Lance who didn’t look happy. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “That Highlander lawyer has given the prosecutor an ultimatum, drop the charges against Owen O’Brien and he’ll drop going after you to keep you from testifying. The prosecutor I should tell you is a member of the Master Organization and believes in you as the leader and vessel of me. He probably will drop the charges against the both of you. Also I should add that Owen’s landlord McBroom and Associates will probably kick him out if he doesn’t pay them money he owes them by a certain date. I’m assured that he’ll get kicked out anyway and his kids given to his former wife who’ll get full custody a judge taking her side in the matter.”
He formed a frown on his lips as Lance continued talking “I have to warn you that chances are you’ll be awarded Priscilla by the gonoid authorities. Owen’s kids blabbed that their father hasn’t been taking care of her properly as in not feeding her or cleaning her litter box and picking on the cat along with treating her nasty. The vet discovered abuse evidence and alerted the authorities after Owen dumped her to them.
Owen quoted saying ‘She was sick with something.’ 
The Landlord is aware of you taking care of a cat before, gave her to you to take care of while they settle gonoid abuse charges against Owen.”
He spoke as Lance paused “Who’s the one that spoke to me her name?”
He saw Lance’s eyes turn all black followed by his eyes forced shut which he woke up feeling a hand shaking his shoulder. Jinks jerked opened his eyes to stare at Cassidy leaning over him. 
He heard Steven’s voice speaking “Jinks, the charges have been dropped against you and as against Owen O’Brien but he’s been charged with gonoid abuse to not treating a cat properly so get out. We’ll take you home.”
He obeyed to get up as Cassidy straightened up her form he paused to hear snoring sounds which he spoke “Jose, drunk again?”
He eyed Steven who nodded his head and then the cop spoke “I heard it’s from some girl breaking up with him. She wasn’t interested in having kids and was more interested in a career as a model and that she’s a stripper at some bar in Hartford.” 
He exhaled a breath to hear an irritated male voice yell “Will you be quiet and let me sleep?!”   
He walked out of the cell following Steven with Cassidy taking the rear and was led out of the building to a cruiser which he got inside and sat in the back eyes out the window as Steven started up the car with Cassidy sitting shotgun. He watched the scenery seeing the sun was signaling mid afternoon and sighed as the car reached the apartment complex which Cassidy let him out. He went to his apartment finding the front door locked which annoyed him but took a look in the mailbox to find his keys inside which he took out and unlocked the door. Jinks locked both doors behind him and heard an excited meow sound which he saw a furry form streak towards him and felt rubbing on his ankle of a cat face along with a cat body on his right leg. He sighed feeling himself happy seeing that Priscilla missed him by her behavior and bent down to scratch her back feeling it arch underneath his hand.  He sighed again as Priscilla gave up another meow and left him going up the stairs which he eyed the clock on the TV figured that he’ll go attend karate class only to walk to the phone as if compelled which he saw the answering machine light blinking of messages. Jinks pressed the play button and listened to the messages that were various talking about needing money for charities till he heard a familiar voice sounding like Lance Knight come on. 
He heard “Lance Knight here, you’ll receive a letter in the mail soon detailing what to do regarding karate. Just don’t pursue my mother period.” 
He heard the message end gave up a groan sound and then heard the phone ringing its noises picked it up speaking his name. 
He heard a voice on the line speaking in low voice tone “Kui Lee here, Jinks don’t show up for class today. There’s some nosy tabloid reporter here talking about wanting statements from you and who else at the school. I managed to keep the reporter from entering my office but their in processes of breaking down my locked door so don’t show up. I’ll call you back when it’s ok.” 
Jinks opened his mouth and heard the dial tone in his ear sighed and hung up the phone only to hear it ring again which he eyed the caller ID to see Lizette’s name on it. 
He picked it up and spoke “Jinks Montreal speaking.” 
He heard Lizette’s voice on the phone speaking “Dad, did you get my brother’s message on your answering machine?”
Jinks spoke “Yes I did. Sorry I wasn’t available for picking up the phone.”
He frowned as Lizette spoke “I heard from various sources of what’s going on involving you. Oh my mother is having an angry fit about that. 
She refuses to explain why she’s upset just said ‘The behavior towards your father and fellow members of the group wasn’t acceptable! I want the behaviorists punished as an example!’” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Lizette paused which he heard a throat clearing noise sounding on the phone figured that she wanted him to say something. 
He spoke “Would you like me to use my vessel status to inflict punishment on those causing the trouble? I’m sure they’ll think twice to pull that stunt again.” 
He heard a gasp followed by a cough sound and heard Lizette speak sounding shocked “Ugh no you don’t have to do that, leave that to the other members to do the punishment.”
He frowned as Lizette pause which he spoke “Fine I won’t inflict punishment unless I feel like needing to do it which I’ll do it.”
He heard nothing from Lizette but her throat clearing noise as he added “Is there anything else I can do for you, Lizette?”
He waited as she spoke “Yeah. Just want to let you know that Roosevelt or Papa held the position of president of the karate federation as elected into it. He was currently serving a term when he passed away which my brother was put in his place to finish the job before an election for the position comes when the time arrives.”
He gave up a hmm mm sound as Lizette kept talking ignoring his noise “Problem is that some of the members see Lance as a figurehead by his youngness because most of the members are older than him. The older members have been responsible for the stunts done on you such as you being darted unconscious during a tournament fight and having a black belt picked a fight on you.”
He gave up a growl sound hearing Lizette’s words who continued talking “Lance with the help of some people including loyal members have managed to get those renegade members in line by threatening to have them removed from their positions. My brother wound up reminded by Mr. Lee on having the authority to do it as the group’s president. Those members in response have been yelled at by Tan Lee at a group meeting and humiliated by him finding their actions towards you shameful which he is said to tell those members to think than those stunts they pulled on you.”
Jinks willed himself to calm as Lizette pause to clear her throat which he spoke “Your brother in his message on my answering machine said that I’ll receive a letter in the mail from the karate federation and he added to stay away from his and yours’ mother.” 
He paused to spot Priscilla on the couch dresser next to the phone looking at him with some look in her eyes. He reached out a hand and got the cat to rub her head on it. 
He heard Lizette speak “I know what he said. He made the call in front of me. He’s still dead straight against you have a relationship with mother. As for me, I don’t care whether you have a relationship or not. I suggest you tread carefully involving mother and karate. Lance could do something drastic against you in karate if you do something involving mother herself so be careful on what you do.”
He heard silence from Lizette which he spoke “Who’s going to tell your mother about this situation? Just so she will know of this.” 
He frowned as he heard Lizette give off a groan noise followed by her speaking “Mother at the moment is still mad at Papa as usual. Lance managed to tell her off to back off having a relationship with you but I think she’ll ignore my brother by pursuing you anyway just to spite Papa. I managed to get word to Mother about Lance’s ultimatum regarding her and karate and that you chose karate just to throw my brother off. I’m still waiting for Mother’s response to that message. I’ll let you know what she says. Oh hold on a minute the butler wants to tell me something.” 
He waited hearing a pause followed by her speaking “Drat that brother of mine is on his way here according to the servant. I can’t have him know that I talked to you on the phone so I’ll talk to you later bye.” 
Jinks heard the dial tone in his ear sighed and hung up the phone to hear a meow sound coming from Priscilla which he brought his other hand to her back and rubbed the area feeling it arch underneath his hand movements while eyeing her rubbing her face on his other hand. 
He sighed to again hear the phone ringing felt annoyance hitting him seeing Lance Knight’s name on the caller ID swore wording that rhymes with duck saying “What the depths does he want now?” 
He picked up the phone and spoke “Jinks Montreal here.”
He listened as Lance Knight’s voice came on the line speaking “Dad, spill it what did my sister talk to you about? I caught her talking to you and I demand you tell me everything period.” 
Jinks spoke willing himself to be calm and firm “She was asking me if I got your message on the answering machine which I confirmed that I did and was too busy to pick up the phone things going around here. I assume you heard of the stunts happening?”
He waited as he heard his son’s voice speak sounding annoyed “Yes I heard. And? What else did she tell you?”
He spoke “Oh she answered several questions, one regarding you being the karate federation’s president. I heard that the position was inherited from Roosevelt who passed away before he could finish a time frame for an election could be held. Also I heard that you went down hard on members of the karate federation playing jokes on me threatening to have them removed from position if they didn’t stop the stunts. Also that Tan Lee personally told them off to think straight on things instead of the stunts that were pulled on me.”
He cut his talk to clear his throat and heard Lance Knight speak “Anything else?”
He spoke “Just talk about you insisting that I stay away from your mother-“
His son interrupted speaking “Stay away from her period. I mean it. Don’t even think of pursuing her or I’ll use my connections in the karate federation to make you pay dearly for that.” 
Jinks spoke as Lance Knight paused “Lizette confessed on my asking that your mother is still mad at Roosevelt and might pursue me to spite him. 
Your sister saying ‘my brother told mother off to not to have a relationship with Dad.’ 
Lizette admitted that your mother will probably ignore you and pursue me.” 
He heard a growling sound followed by a gagging noise sound then he heard a new voice come onto the line “Dad, just tell Mother whenever you’re in contact with, to back off having a relationship with you by my brother’s insisting.” 
He recognized the voice as Lizette which paused as he spoke “Fine but she has to meet me at a location for me to tell her off on what you said to me. Also I don’t have her contact information so I doubt I’ll be able to tell her off on this till she contacts me.”
He heard another gagging noise figured that his children were gagging each other with their powers while fighting to get on the phone to talk to him. 
Jinks willed the Master through and spoke as gagging noises continued “Lance, Lizette, stop choking each other now! I don’t find that behavior tolerable for you both to do so quit it!”
He formed a glare on his face as the gagging noises stopped followed by multiple throat clearing noises which he heard Lance Knight’s voice on the line sounding sheepish “Sorry Dad but Papa wasn’t that forthcoming with the power abilities. We had to learn by ourselves along with input from our mother learning them from him doing it on her.”
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust sounding it loudly on the phone as he heard Lizette’s voice speaking “Dad, we’re not giving you our mother’s contact information. We’re just letting her contact you just once and you to tell her what we told you and that’s about it for the situation.”
He spoke with sarcasm “Fine anything else such as liking to know about the power abilities?”
He heard low whispering and couldn’t make out the words till Lance Knight’s voice came on clearly “From what we could tell about our abilities, is that we can put people to sleep along with waking them up and from you, choking them. That’s about it that we learned about the abilities.” 
Jinks felt he floating above his body to see it change into Lance who spoke “I’ll tell you what you want to know in person face to face privately but not on the phone period.”
He felt himself back into his body still holding the phone hearing Lance Knight speaking “Fine I’ll see about arranging a personal face to face meeting between you, me and my sister. Oh got to go there’s a meeting happening soon and I have to attend it. I will see you when it’s possible.” 
He opened his mouth and heard the dial tone in his ear gave off an odd comment and hung up the phone. He heard the doorbell ringing its noise growled an annoyed sound to will the Master away from him to go to the door peering through the peephole to see Janel looking annoyed by the expression on her face which yanked open the door and stared at her seeing she had just a purse with her. 
Janel spoke sounding annoyed “Mind if I come in and talk to you? I have some things you should hear privately.” 
He unlocked the screen door and held it open as Janel walked inside which he locked both doors behind him and stood staring at her folded her arms still looking annoyed. 
Jinks spoke “I heard of members of the organization targeted around the neighborhood and I wasn’t spared either.” 
He heard a disgust sound from Janel followed by her speaking “Actually those members were targeted on orders by our son to teach them a lesson on keeping us apart. They had to target you too to make it seem it was just members of the Master Organization.” 
Jinks felt he getting angry hearing that as he spoke “Drat that son of ours. He gave me an ultimatum you or karate which I picked karate to throw him off. He threatened to use his presidential position in the karate federation to do something drastic to me if I pursued you. I’m told that he told you off on pursuing me but Lizette thinks you’ll ignore him and do it to spite people. The kids told me to tell you off on pursuing a relationship with me once you contacted me.”
He paused to again hear a disgust sound from Janel as she spoke “Some time ago I caught the kids choking thought it was a problem going on till they revealed that they were just trying out their powers on each other after learning that gagging method from you doing it to our son. I don’t find that stunt amusing. Roosevelt being not so honest on teaching the kids their powers was doing it out of fear that they’ll use their abilities to get things for selfish gain instead of for helping people. He was planning on teaching them the power abilities’ full use once they reached legal adult status just so they’ll understand everything and its consequences.”
Jinks frowned hearing Janel’s words who threw her purse at the wall before walking up to him and brought her hands to his face and pulled him down to land her lips on his. He felt himself kissing her back as his hands went to her hair rubbing her scalp. 
Jinks heard the doorbell ringing loudly broke off the kiss to speak “Don’t tell me that the kids arrange this meeting.” 
He heard felt his mouth covered by her hand stared at her as she mouthed silently which he lip read “Some Highlander blabbed to me that my purse is rigged with listening and tracing devices courtesy of our son ordering it.”
He nodded his head as the doorbell continued its ringing noises which he left Janel going to the door to peer through the peephole seeing a male wearing a uniform of delivery. 
He spoke “Just some delivery guy at the door.” 
He heard a disgust sound from Janel followed by her speaking as he looked at her holding her purse “Just some member of the organization here to make sure I keep my time frame with you by knocking us both out if I overstayed my welcome.” 
He exhaled a breath to yank open the door and stepped aside as Janel walked to the door which he saw a glare on the delivery guy’s face figured that she wasn’t kidding on what she said. He unlocked the screen door and watched her leave going out of sight followed by the delivery guy holding a clipboard and a package. Jinks went inside locking both doors and frowned hearing a ringing noise that reminded him of a cell phone spotted an object on the floor that resembled one which he picked up and opened it. 
He spoke “Excuse me if you’re calling Janel Knight sorry she’s not available and that I have to get this cell phone to her due to her misplacing it.”
He frowned as he heard a familiar voice on the line speaking “Hello this is Janel Knight and no to what you said smarty so think.” 
He frowned recognizing the voice as Janel spoke “I thought I had a cell phone courtesy of our son?”
He heard from Janel “Not really. That was Lizette doing it. Oh wound up cancelled by Lance who doesn’t approve of it.” 
He figured that she was hiding speaking to him on the phone due to what she said about listening devices and people eavesdropping on her. 
Jinks spoke “Next time you’re in contact with our son yell at him to get me a cell phone me not able to drive to and back from place to place without a car and needing to call a cab to get around-”
He was interrupted by a shriek cut his voice as he heard a male voice get on the line speaking “Who is this?”
Jinks willed the Master through and before he could speak found himself floating above his body to witness it change into Lance who folded the phone in half and placed it on the couch dresser which he found himself back in his body to glare at the phone. Jinks willed the Master away from him to again hear the phone ringing felt compelled to put in the couch dresser drawer which he found himself obeying stuffing it inside and slamming the door shut. He exhaled a breath and eyed the clock seeing it was still mid afternoon which he figured to himself to go downstairs and practice karate. He walked to the basement door to hear the phone ringing its noises sighed and went to it eyeing the caller ID to see it said Lance Knight’s name on it. Jinks picked up the phone and spoke his name. 
He paused to hear Lance Knight’s voice on it speaking “Admit it Dad, Mother gave you a cell phone. We can trace records of her buying two of them and her balking to explain why she has them along with a call from it traced to here.”
Jinks felt he annoyed spoke “Well Janel admitted that a certain somebody didn’t approve of me having a cell phone despite me having one. Besides how do you expect me to get around without a cab and not able to call for one? Remember I wound up sick in some rainstorm walking in it because I had no way of calling for a cab. I don’t have a car or any inkling of how to drive one them being more advanced than they were twenty years ago.”
He heard nothing from Lance Knight as he continued to talk “So what it’ll be a cell phone or some vehicle for me to get around? Also I expect to travel around town getting things for the apartment including getting groceries along with items for a cat. I have a cat to take care of that needs food and vet care. That traveling doesn’t matter if the weather is bad for I need to do things and I’m not walking in some rainstorm again for I need a ride to places. The grocery store last time I visited doesn’t have anything for me to call for a cab and I wound up walking in the rainstorm and sick from it. So decide on which one I should get and make it snappy.” 
He paused to hear groaning noises that sounded like two voices which he figured that Lizette was eavesdropping on the conversation while Lance Knight talked to him. 
He waited clearing his throat and heard Lance Knight’s voice on the line “I’ll see about arranging something for you to travel around without worrying about having to be caught walking in some rainstorm. I do remember you sick from that. So don’t worry I’ll let you know as soon as possible on what I arranged. 
Just give up the cell phone to the delivery guy saying the words ‘Lance Richard’ when he’s at the door get it?”
He spoke “I get it anything else?”
He frowned and heard “No not really talk to you later.” 
He heard the dial tone in his ear put the phone on the hook and pulled out the cell phone putting it on top of the couch dresser hearing nothing from it. He sighed and figured that he’ll go practice karate which he went to the basement and proceeded to use the punching bag to practice his kicking recalling the thing’s movements when he kicked it in his previous body and twenty years before in the past. Jinks frowned recalling his previous body’s manipulating the punching bag and recalled the thing’s movements to sense his kicking was identical to the past and now. He frowned recalling the punching bag’s movements when he kicked it twenty years in the past to realize that it was moving with more force than it normally does when he had the previous body. Jinks halted his kicking to bring a fist into the punching bag and frowned further seeing its movement was more forceful than his previous body’s punch on it. He sensed with a start that his new body was stronger than his previous body judging by the punching bag’s movements. Jinks exhaled a breath of the thought to walk in the middle of the room and began doing his Kata checking for any differences from when he did the karate with his previous body. Jinks found to his annoyance nothing different and recalled while asleep of asking Lance a question of how he fought in physical combat battles along with weapons which the male instead of answering his question forced his eyes shut and he woke up. Jinks exhaled a breath to get on the floor doing his stretching exercises as he recalled his time living a Medieval life to remember that the male Humans from watching them fought using brute strength along with lots of punching including favoring a weapon called a sword when sparring with each other. 
He exhaled a breath to think “I wonder if Lance was the same as the Humans fighting? It sure figures why he’s not answering my questions about his fighting style. He figured that I know the answer and doesn’t need to tell me it.” 
Jinks swung he to stand and left the basement heading towards the living room to hear a meow sound from the couch which he saw Priscilla tummy sitting on it. He sighed and sat down next to her and eyed her as she walked onto his lap to rub her face on his chin. He rubbed Priscilla’s back as she continued her face rubbing followed by getting off of him and appearing to go to the kitchen. He sighed again and heard a doorbell ringing noise picked up the cell phone and went to the door peering through the peephole to see a female wearing a uniform which he frowned seeing but shrugged and opened the door pocketing the cell phone. 
Jinks stared at her questioningly as she spoke “Lance Richard, you have something for delivery as ordered?”
He exhaled a breath to pull out the cell phone and unlocked the screen door and held it up to her whom she took followed by walking off his porch and walking out of sight. 
Jinks shrugged thinking to he “Equality between genders.”  
He went back inside locking both doors and went to the couch to sit leaning back staring at the TV seeing the time was later afternoon but still early for dinner. He exhaled a breath and heard the doorbell ringing its noises groaned softly and went to the peephole to see a male Highlander wearing a suit jacket and a tie while looking annoyed. 
Jinks yanked open the door and spoke “Something I could do for you sir?”
He stared at the Highlander who had a clipboard in his hand who spoke “Are you Jinks Montreal?”
He frowned to nod his head as the Highlander spoke “Good I’ve come to the right place. I’m called McLaren from McLaren’s school of driving. I’m told that you requested a refresher course on driving a car.” 
He widen his eyes hearing that to nod his head as McLaren he assume continued “Good I have a vehicle parked in the parking lot so come on out and I’ll see what you need learning.” 
Jinks spoke “Hold on a minute while I get my keys.” 
He walked inside to the couch dresser to pick up his keys and peered in the drawer to find a wallet with his ID on it that had an expiration date dating over twenty years. He sighed and put the wallet in his pocket and went to the front door closing it behind him to and locked it with the keys then pocketed them to stare at the Highlander who gestured him to come. He wordlessly followed McLaren to the parking lot that went to a passenger side of a car and pointed to him to get inside which he obeyed getting into the driver’s side and stared at the wheel with a frown. 
He heard a throat clearing noise from the Highlander as which he looked at the male and spoke “I don’t know how to verbalize a car to start.”
Jinks felt himself stiffening as McLaren’s eyes narrowed with suspicion in them before the Highlander proceeded to teach him how to start the car and shut it off verbalizing it with repeatedly ordering him to remember the words along with seeing how he did it memory. Jinks frowned as he was ordered to move the car out of park which he spotted a handheld control for that along with levels indicating the car’s movement which he pulled at the control only to hear a loud sound of backfiring to him. He frowned as the car refused to budge from its parked spot despite him moving the wheel and pressing the pedals. 
He sighed and threw his hands up speaking “I don’t know how to move the car out of park.”            
He avoided looking at McLaren to hear the Highlander speak “I like to see your driver’s license please.”
He sighed and pulled out his wallet and his ID card and handed it to McLaren who gave up a loud hmm sound before speaking “I should have realized who you were which explains your stupidity to handle a car.”
He frowned as he was thrust his ID card followed by ordered out of the car which he obeyed to stare as McLaren got into the driver’s side and got out of the way as the Highlander drove the car off. Jinks groaned rubbing a hand on his forehead and walked to his apartment and used his key to get inside. He locked the doors behind him and put away his keys and ID in the wallet then placed it in the couch dresser along with his keys. He sighed and went to the couch to sit and stared at the wall feeling he a failure. Jinks wound up to hear the phone ringing which he picked up and brought to his ear as if compelled and spoke his name. 
He heard a familiar voice on it speaking “Dad, how did the car lesson go?”
He grimaced recognizing Lizette’s voice spoke in a groaning tone “It went terrible. I don’t know anything about cars of today especially about starting one, turning it off and getting it out of park. The teacher asked for my ID which I gave him and he said some comment on not realizing who I was before ordering me out of the car then he took the thing and drove off. I feel like its one thing I failed at, ugh.” 
He paused to give off a groaning noise and heard Lizette speak “Don’t worry I’ll handle this matter and settle it as soon as possible. Just be patient ok?”
He spoke “Ok.” 
He heard “You’re not a failure for trying something and just need work on doing more of it.” 
Jinks sighed as he heard the dial tone in his ear hung up the phone and leaned back eyes staring at the ceiling to feel pressure on his lap. Jinks looked down to see Priscilla standing on it with her four paws giving him a look with her eyes before giving off a meow sound. He exhaled a breath to figure that Priscilla wanted attention which he brought his hands to her back and rubbed and scratched sensing it arch underneath his movements. He heard Priscilla gave up a meow sound which he cut his hand movements to drop them on his side and again leaned back staring at the ceiling to feel the cat tummy sit on his front with vibrations felt. He sighed to continue staring at the ceiling to feel the cat’s purring was making him sleepy struggled to stay awake only to feel the sleepiness persisted which he shut his eyes and dreamed of facing Lance. 
Lance spoke “Jinks, I know how you feel towards the car. It took me a long time to learn how to ride a horse even convince the gonoid to accept me as its rider. Horses seemed to have some sense towards me that makes them nervous enough to throw off riders in my presence along with throwing me off when I try to ride them.” 
He groaned hearing Lance’s words as the male continued talking “By the way Jinks I get the feeling from my observances that you might not have to worry about driving a car anymore others thinking of not letting you do that.”
He spoke in a whining tone “How do they expect me to get around for things such as food and care for my cat?”
Jinks stiffened as he saw Lance’s eyes turn all black followed by being gagged on the throat and heard the male’s voice speaking “Don’t speak to me in that unacceptable tone. Don’t worry about things it’ll be handled get it, Jinks?”
He gagged out “I get it.”
Jinks felt his eyes forced shut passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing a phone ringing noise blaring in his ear. He lurched up in a standing position to hear a yowl sound and looked down to see Priscilla standing on her four paws arching her back. He exhaled a breath to pick up the phone speaking his name as night vision flickered in his eyes sight. 
Jinks heard “Don’t ever ask to drive a car or be taught how to drive one again period.” 
He frowned hearing the voice sounded Highlander like eyed the caller ID to see the words blocked name on it. He frowned to open his mouth to speak and heard the dial tone in his ear. Jinks sighed and hung up the phone then eyed the clock seeing it was evening as night vision became dominant in his eyes sight.  He groaned and figured to himself that he’ll go to bed. He went to the stairs and heard the doorbell ringing that annoyed him to think of who would be ringing it at this hour. He switched on the porch light and peered through the peephole to see Janel there that looked annoyed pointing a finger up. Jinks shut off the porch light and yanked open the door to see her having a suitcase along with a different purse with her. He yanked open the screen door and tapped her on the shoulder and watched her go inside which he locked both doors behind her. 
Jinks spoke “Janel, having a light on would alert them of something because I can see in the dark. I don’t normally use lights at night.”
He stared at Janel that blindly spoke eyes appearing unfocused “Oh you too? Roosevelt when he was alive said he could see in the dark and didn’t need any lights. This brought repeated arguments about use of lights at night me needing them and he saying he didn’t need them and could act as my eyes.” 
He groaned out “Sorry Janel I should have thought of using lights when I started living here just to make myself normal to people who normally can’t see in the dark.” 
He stared at Janel who spoke “Well I paid the driver a very good sum of money to not to talk about where I went along with not showing up at my home location unless I’m in the car so we should be fine for now.” 
He opened his mouth and heard the phone ringing its noises sighed and spoke “Excuse me while I handle the idiot calling at this hour.”
He went to the phone picking it up and spoke “You better have a good excuse for calling me at this hour. I’m about to go to bed.” 
He heard “Dad, escort Mom outside is where we are.” 
He stiffened as he recognized Lance Knight’s voice which he spoke “How the depths did you find your mother here?”
Jinks heard “Just bring Mom outside and we’ll answer your question.” 
He groaned and hung up the phone and went to Janel who spoke “That was our son on the phone was it? He figured out where I was. Drat that driver for taking my money and betraying me.” 
He groaned and turned on the porch light along with the stairwell light then unlocked the front door and peered outside to see Lance Knight and Lizette on the sidewalk in the vicinity of the porch light. He exhaled a breath to unlock the screen door and stepped aside as Janel walked out hauling her suitcase. 
He saw Janel pause from walking followed by her speaking loudly sounding angry “You better explain how you found me. I did everything I could do to toss you off my trial.” 
Jinks frowned as he saw Lance Knight wave a hand and caught Janel limply in his arms her appearing to have fallen asleep. He didn’t comment as his son snatched Janel from him and hauled her away out of sight as Lizette he eyed picked up the suitcase and purse from the ground and walked off ignoring him staring. He gave up a sound of disgust went inside locking both doors and sensed something wrong with his apartment which he realized that Priscilla wasn’t in it. He unlocked both doors and darted onto the porch to hear a meow sounding which he looked down to see her sniffing his foot. He stared at her and frowned wondering how he was supposed to get her inside as she continued to sniff his foot. He bent down and wrapped an arm around her middle lifting her up close to his form and walked inside locking the screen door with his free hand then placed her down on the floor to hear her give off a meow followed by her darting up the stairs. He exhaled a breath locked the front door and then shut off the porch light then the stairwell light and walked upstairs with night vision in his eyes sight. He sighed and figured that he’ll simply go to bed which he went to his bedroom and stripped himself of his clothes and shoes leaving them piled on the floor. Once naked he eyed the bed to see his sweat pants folded on a pillow next to his sleeping pillow which he picked up and put on his form then got in bed yanking the blankets up his chest. He sighed and looked at the clock and with a hand adjusted it to go off at nine o’clock then laid back shutting his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. Jinks passed out unconscious enough to dream of Lance. 
Lance spoke “That night vision thing of yours passed to your children who used it to follow Janel’s car undetected with your son doing the driving.”
He gave up a disgust sound as Lance continued ignoring his noise “I suggest you do some research on the town you live in. Its local areas for places called hotels for you to meet Janel including contacting her. I’m sure that the kids won’t find you both in some hotel room not suspecting that the meeting will happen there instead of your place as usual.” 
Jinks again gave up a sound of disgust as Lance ignored his noise forced his eyes shut. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm blare its noise sat up with night vision blaring in his eyes sight groaned to look at the clock seeing it blare the time of six o’clock in the morning. He groaned to lay his form back and heard the doorbell ringing its noises.
Jinks spoke out loud “Can’t I get any sleep around here?”
Silence was his answer as he forced himself to get up and went out of the bedroom to the stairs running down it and hit the front door peering through the peephole finding no one in sight. He backed up and bowed his head holding a hand in front of him closing his eyes to see an overhead view of the porch showing nothing in it or no one in sight. He opened his eyes and lowered his hand figuring out that it was a message in his mailbox which he yanked opened the door after unlocking it. He halted to use his senses for danger sensing nothing and looked around for Priscilla sensing she wasn’t nearby. Jinks unlocked the screen door and walked out shutting it to glare at his mailbox seeing a manila envelope there that looked thick with paperwork along with a narrow box sticking out of it. He pulled both out and walked inside senses cued for Priscilla and sensed her on the stairs staring at him. Jinks locked both doors and went to the kitchen turning on the light to place the packages on the table. He sighed and with his hands ripped opened the box to stare with shock seeing a black karate belt along with a rolled piece of paper. 
Jinks unrolled and read the note detailing “The karate federation gave Jinks Montreal the belt for the right to compete in tournaments for black belts observing his karate skills in fighting. Jinks Montreal had to win a black belt tournament title to rightfully call himself a black belt holder. It’ll be announced at the tournament if he wins the title.” 
He frowned as the note ended which he put it down and opened the manila envelope to discover various papers gathered together. 
He read papers talking “There’s a tournament happening in the state.” a location he calculated was an hour away.
It was for black belts focused in fighting starting at a late morning hour and continued to read the papers finding detailed drawings and instructions included on how to pick up a cat and hold them. 
Jinks sighed figuring out “Someone spied on me picking up Priscilla after she got out.” 
Jinks continued to read the papers finding a detailed note saying “Lance Knight had given Jinks Montreal a use of a Highlander driver to drive him to place to place. The driver was instructed to report where he was taking him mostly to his son via timed check in times.” 
There was a phone number included on the note along with notes saying “Just to call the number and request the driver to come pick Jinks Montreal up.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath to set aside the paper besides the black belt and read the rest of the paperwork detailing rules of being a black belt and what to do among black belts and lower belt members while in tournaments waiting to compete. He read the rules thoroughly and then set the papers down figuring that he’ll get himself ready for the tournament. Jinks took the papers detailing the tournament form and went to the closet to pull out his duffle bag stuffing the papers inside it. He yanked out his karate uniform. Jinks hauled to the bathroom upstairs then went into his bedroom to a dresser drawer to yank out clean underwear shorts and socks along with picking up his sneakers which he took to the bathroom. He went inside and stripped himself of his sweat pants hanging them on the hook behind the door then entered the shower showering thoroughly.  Once finished dried himself thoroughly then got dressed in the clothes and shoes on his feet. He eyed his hair and brushed it neatly then frowned seeing it still looked wet figured that there was nothing he could do about it left the bathroom going downstairs. Jinks went to the kitchen and grabbed the black belt putting it on around his waist then figured that he’ll eat something due to thinking that he needed energy for the tournament. Jinks prepared a meal of oatmeal in a bowl along with cereal in another bowl and milk to drink from the carton. Jinks ate everything and drank most of the milk then put the dishes away and carton in the refrigerator. Jinks sighed and picked up the note detailing the driver and carried it to the living room. Jinks turned on a lamp and eyed the number then eyed the clock which he recalled the date figured it was a weekday and that traffic would be bad people going to work. 
He picked up the phone and dialed the number waiting as a male voice sounding Highlander like came on the line speaking “Hello yes?”
He spoke “This is Jinks Montreal, whom am I speaking to?”
He frowned as the Highlander voice spoke “Ah your driver as assigned by Lance Knight. I’m ordered to drive you where you’re to go along with reporting to Mr. Knight on the locations I drive you to at timed intervals. So speak to where you like to go.” 
Jinks spoke the location of the tournament and the time of requesting to arrive there and heard from the driver “I will simply ring your doorbell as ordered by Lance Knight to do so, so you won’t have to wait outside in the weather elements for me to arrive.” 
He spoke “I give my agreement.” and hung up the phone then frowned thinking “I’m wondering what to do next.” 
He went to his duffle bag to root through it finding his fighting gear still in it and took out his Chuck weapon tossing it in the closet along with taking out various manila envelopes. Jinks went to the kitchen’s closet and tossed them in the recycle box then went back to his duffle bag seeing that the tournament forms were still inside it as he placed it. 
He found his water bottle seeing it still filled with water and figured to himself “I’ll simply wash the water bottle and refill it with water.” 
Jinks proceeded to do washing it with dishwashing soap in the kitchen sink and made sure to clean it thoroughly. Jinks once done cleaning the water bottle filled it with fresh water and took it to his duffle bag stuffing it inside then went to the couch dresser taking out his wallet and keys which he placed the wallet in the duffle bag then left the keys on top of the dresser.  He eyed the date on the TV to figure out that he should bring his coat anyway that the weather was always scattered with snow and cold despite the month known as a summer month of warmth. He sighed and went upstairs to the closet to grab his coat putting it on his form along with his hat and gloves and went downstairs to the couch to sit waiting for the driver to arrive. He eyed the clock feeling himself getting impatient with the driver’s arrival sighed as Priscilla got on his lap rubbing her face on his chin. He rubbed Priscilla’s back feeling it arch underneath his hand and sighed again as she kept up the face rubbing on his chin seemingly lengthy. Priscilla then gave up a yowl when the doorbell sounded and got off his lap. Jinks darted towards the door to peer through the peephole turning on the porch light to see a male Highlander wearing a blue visor cap on his head. The look reminded him of the drivers Roosevelt used and his children used to get him place to place. 
He sighed and yanked open the door to hear “Jinks Montreal? Your driver as ordered is here so get yourself ready we don’t have time to waste.” 
Jinks obeyed grabbing his duffle bag and keys shutting off the porch light and cued his senses towards the cat as he left the apartment shutting the front door. He locked the door and followed the driver underneath the light of sunrise to a black sedan car with tinted windows parked in the street. Jinks got inside the car after the driver opened the door for him.  Jinks hunted for the seat belt as he felt the driver shut the door and found it to buckle himself in while setting the duffle bag besides him. He eyed the sunrise out the window as he heard the driver get inside the car followed by the Highlander verbalizing the car to start. Jinks felt the car move while hearing no worded instructions for it to get out of park. 
Jinks frowned wondering “Why the option of having me drive a car was dumped after I attempted to drive one? I wondered about the Highlander voice telling me on the phone not to drive one.” 
He frowned to feel sleepiness shut his eyes figuring that he’ll get some sleep to rest for the tournament only to dream of facing Lance. 
Lance spoke “A certain somebody, Highlander actually, got it in their heads that machines and you won’t work together witnessing you trying to drive a car under instruction. They think from witnessing the scene that you have some sort of sense that makes machines such as cars stop working from you trying to make them work. Don’t blame me for that thought it’s just them thinking that and their dead straight on thinking it and won’t change from that.” 
He frowned to nod his head as he felt his eyes forced shut and came to with a jerk to feel a hand shaking his shoulder. Jinks looked at his right to see the driver remove his hand. 
The driver spoke “We’re here at the location as you requested and arrived on time. You’ll find me waiting in the parking lot once your business is done.” 
He exhaled a breath to unbuckle the seatbelt and got out of the car hauling his duffle bag to find the parking lot full of cars. Jinks looked at where the driver parked the car to see it was near a light post with a letter on a flag attached. Jinks sighed and walked to the buildings seeing it resembled a college campus remembering that the location on the tournament forms detailed it. He wandered around the campus following signs detailing tournaments to find them lead to a building. Jinks went inside to find fellow black belt holders standing in line in a hallway leading to an Asian woman at a table holding a clipboard as each presented papers for her and she marking with a pen then nodding them through. He got in line and found himself still last in line as the line went through the woman to reach her. Jinks wound up see disgust on her face seeing him as he rooted through his bag and hauled out the tournament papers showing it to her. He frowned as she appeared to do a lengthy scan of the clipboard in front of her. Jinks figured that she was stalling cleared his throat loudly and formed a glare on his face as she looked at him. 
Jinks glared as she spoke with disgust in her voice “Your name’s on the list so get out of here and don’t come whining to me about others preventing you from competing.” 
He kept the glare on his face stuffed the papers in his duffle bag and entered the gym room to see various black belts mostly males around the room doing stretching and karate while seeing a crowd of people sitting in stands chattering among each other as he walked to an empty bleacher bench. 
His way was blocked by a male in a karate uniform with a black belt on him who spoke “You’re not wanted around here so go home.”
Jinks spoke in a firm tone “I came to compete and I aim to do it.” 
He glared at the male who spoke sneering “Too bad I can name fifty reasons who won’t let you compete and their, me and the competitors who’ll see that you leave.”
Jinks sneered in response “How do you plan to have me leave hmm?”
He stiffened as he sensed someone behind him felt something hitting him on the back hard along with a leg connecting with the back of his knees making him hit the floor kneeling. Jinks heard the crowd give off sounds of shock as he was hit with various fists, legs and feet all over that continued as he slid to the floor and felt himself going unconscious which he welcomed the feeling. 

Jinks came to hearing a sound like an alarm clock blare its noises groaned loudly feeling himself lying on a bed wearing nothing but his underwear shorts with a blanket felt on his form. He jerked opened his eyes looking around discovering that he was in his bedroom in his apartment sat up slowly feeling himself weak all over but no pain felt. He shift his eyes towards the alarm clock seeing it blare the time of eight o’clock in the morning which he felt no strength to get up from bed laid his form down and shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance that hugged him before letting go of him. 
Jinks frowned staring at Lance who spoke “Alright, Tan Lee was at the tournament under disguise witnessed the incident with you, got involved flattening multiple black belts’ seats fighting them off of you till someone figured out who he was.
Someone yelled loudly ‘It’s Tan Lee!’ that got the belts to back off. 
He wound up speaking very loudly the words ‘You have shamed yourself!’ 
Tan Lee then hauled you with someone from the audience there taking your bag to your car which you were put inside.”
He frown hearing that as Lance kept talking “The driver drove you to your home on orders from your son, who your children along with a personal physician met them there. Your children hauled you inside to your bedroom which the doctor examined you and said you would be fine but needed lots of sleep and eating lots of food including taking it easy he didn’t say how long, on doing physical activities.”
Jinks groaned hearing that as Lance continued talking “You were knocked out for fourteen days with the alarm going off at set times and you did that possession stunt again, growl.”
He stiffened seeing Lance’s eyes turn all black followed by being gagged on the throat by the male’s hand on his throat. 
He gagged out “What did I do this time that annoyed you?” 
He stared at Lance who spoke “Oh you did quite some damage targeting the ones who kicked your seat making sure that they were hit with leg, knee and foot injuries from accidents including possessing competitors to kick them in the knees repeatedly in tournaments causing them to go down with knee blow outs. A pity it’ll take those competitors’ years to recover from the injuries. There aren’t any doctors focused on fixing those areas by surgery and that healing time will take a very long time till their bodies are fully healed from the injury.” 
Jinks groaned as Lance he saw narrowed his black eyes and added “Oh I should tell you that these accidents and incidents involving the black belts didn’t fool Tan Lee not one bit who figured that you were behind them. He only told your children about it including one incident of you possessing him for a certain time till someone answering to the name of Sun Zordanov kicked you out of him and kept you out.”
He stiffened hearing Lance’s words as the male kept talking “Your children had you scanned by a doctor while you were doing those possessing bits and found nothing to indicate you doing it but they figured that Tan Lee wasn’t kidding on what he said by you possessing one of them at a time and talking to them using your own voice. The subject you told them both was you wanted to earn the black belt rightfully and win tournaments undefeated then retire once all the tournaments were won.” 
Jinks groaned while gagged as Lance kept talking “Harrumph you managed to possessive your son at a karate federation meeting to announce that you didn’t provoke the fight and that the competitors picked on you whom the reason is still being finding out. You mentioned that you’ll be still allowed to compete and cleared once the doctor, okay it but the ones who kicked your seat were forever banned from competing once their identities were discovered Tan Lee finding their actions shameful. Also you said that you were taking pity on yourself that you were his son by blood test proved that and mentioned that you were out asleep in some twenty year coma medically. Some unexplained medical condition which the doctors kept you alive by that way then woke you up after finding a way of helping you.”
Jinks groaned again while gagged as Lance added “A pity that it’ll take you awhile to compete in tournaments your children insisting that you follow doctor’s orders. You were found to have bruises all over which left you unconscious and that your strength will take awhile to return. I know this strength thing from personally recovering from fighting with people which my people had to convince me to hold off fighting by insisting I pass some tests they made me do. Harrumph! You’ll find yourself going through tests yourself for I’ll see to it.” 
He groaned as his eyes were forced shut as he felt himself passing out unconscious and came to hearing the alarm blaring its noises which he lurched up in a fast motion opening his eyes. He eyed the clock seeing the time indicated eight o’clock in the morning. Jinks sighs feeling he much better but felt a weakness feeling hitting him. He got up stumbling a bit and went out to the bathroom figuring that a shower would make him feel better from feeling griminess hitting him. He paused to stare at himself in the mirror finding his skin on his face and body seen through it looked yellowy looking which he figured was healing from bruises hence the color. He sighed and yanked off the underwear shorts leaving it piled on the floor of the bathroom and entered the shower stall. He felt his movements were slow and clumsy as he showered then got out stumbling a bit to grab the towel drying he. Jinks went to the door to peer at it and found his sweatpants still hanging on the hook which he put on his form after putting away the towel. He stumbled out and used his hand on the railing to help him go down the stairs going to the kitchen to hear a meow sound in pleading tones which he looked down to see Priscilla sitting next to her empty food bowl. He groaned and forced himself to get the bag of cat food and poured her a generous amount.
Jinks thinking to he “Priscilla ate too much and doesn’t do much around here besides stuffing her face.” 
He put away the cat food bag and grabbed the cereal box and went to sit and scooped handfuls of cereal stuffing them in his mouth. Jinks chewed fast and continued to do it till there was nothing left in the box. Jinks felt himself still hungry stuffed the box in the garbage in the kitchen closet and spied another cereal box. Jinks grabbed and again went to sit which he again hand fed himself food eating half of it till his hunger stopped but felt himself thirsty. He put the box back onto the refrigerator then yanked open the refrigerator and grabbed the milk carton bringing it to his lips. Jinks gulped down the rest of the milk finding he still needing to drink stuffed the empty carton in the kitchen closet’s garbage can. Jinks grabbed the orange juice carton which he gulped it all down then felt his thirstiness stop which he stuffed the empty carton in the garbage then went into the living room to the couch to sit. He leaned back folding his arms feeling himself too lazy to bother going up the stairs to his bedroom. He laid his head back and sighed feeling Priscilla got on his lap to tummy sits on his front and felt her purring making him sleepy which he welcomed the feeling and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the phone ringing groaned loudly and jerked open his eyes to find the cat gone from him which he reached with a hand and picked up the phone. 
He spoke with weariness in his voice “Jinks Montreal speaking.” 
He heard sounds of breathing on the phone followed by a male voice identifying himself as a reporter of a karate newspaper that made him grimace “We wanted a statement from Jinks Montreal. Mostly on an incident of numerous black belts targeting him and keeping him from competing in a tournament.” 
He continued to grimace as the male asked him some questions regarding the incident which he waited as there was a pause to speak “I’ll answer some questions if you tell me what happened to the ones that attacked me?”
He waited to hear the male speak “About ten of them were seen attacking you and they were all identified by our fellow reporters taking pictures of the scene. Those attackers in question were hit with bad luck as in acquiring injuries to legs, ankles and feet so answer my questions.” 
He heard the male again asked him questions regarding the attack sighed and waited as there was a pause spoke “If those black belts wanted to kick my seat they should have done that through tournament rules fighting me in competition instead of humiliating themselves attacking me.”
He pauses waiting as the male spoke “You care to comment about reported karate champion Tan Lee coming to your defense as in fighting off the attackers off of you?”
He inhaled a breath and spoke “Mr. Lee was thinking straight on seeing that the attackers should have used the tournament to kick my seat instead of footing me in an unauthorized fight when he fought off the attackers. He came to my defense, I wasn’t able to defend myself from being surprised attacked from behind saw me not able to fight back. The attackers making it impossible for me to fight them back me from suffering injuries from that.” 
He waited hearing sounds of typing figured that the male was copying his words down on some computer for an article as the male again spoke “Do you know what happened after you were apparently knocked out unconscious?”
Jinks spoke “Sorry I just recently woke up.” 
He waited hearing typing followed by the male speaking “Tan Lee was seen as some old unidentified man footing the seats of your attackers till someone was heard yelling that the man was Tan Lee himself who yanked off his hat waving it during a pause in fighting which got the attackers to back off. 
He was heard saying ‘You shamed yourself!’ before picking you up and carrying you out of the room.
 One of our reporters grabbed your bag and escorted him to your car. After you were put inside with your bag and your driver drove away the reporter asked Mr. Lee some questions after identifying themselves as one of us. Mr. Lee according to reports told the reporter that he didn’t find the fight acceptable for black belts to do and said that they should have used the tournament to foot your seat instead of targeting you. The reporter reported that he seemed furious which he went inside and went to the announcer and said to the audience that the tournament was cancelled effective immediately and confirmed that he was Tan Lee. He’s said that he’s furious about the attack and didn’t find it acceptable and said that he’ll see that the attackers were punished harshly for that stunt. After saying that he left and ignored reporters asking him for further comments which you care to comment about that?”
Jinks inhaled a breath spoke “I have to agree with Mr. Lee’s views regarding the attack. I came to the tournament to fight in the competition and prove myself worthy of being a black belt despite having the ability of one and I intend to compete for that honor.”
He felt compelled to hang up the phone added “We’ll talk later sir.” 
He hung up the phone and leaned back shutting his eyes feeling himself tired. He dreamed of facing Lance who had a glare on his face. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “That reporter was from a karate tabloid and not a regular newspaper. They’ll probably twist your words to their views just to sell the tabloid newspaper for money. Greedy bastards they are using sensationalism news to get people to buy their newspaper harrumph.” 
Jinks groaned out, Lance paused “I should have hung up the phone after they identified themselves as a newspaper reporter drat.” 
He felt nervousness as Lance gave him an all black eyed glare followed by the male speaking “Don’t bother whining about that. The tabloid will probably make you out to be an angry victim who will compete in tournaments once healed from injuries from the attack to teach the black belts a lesson and kick their seats in a legal way under authorization for karate.”
Jinks frowned feeling himself relieved as Lance gagged him on the throat which confused him followed by the male speaking “One more thing, Jinks, I expect you to follow orders of people related to the karate world without questioning them when they tell you to compete in tournaments get it?”
He bobbed his head and felt his eyes forced shut feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the doorbell ringing jerked his eyes open sitting up to stare at the TV finding it was the next day by the time of seven o’clock in the morning blare on it. He sighed and got up feeling himself still weak but better strength as he went to the door and peered through the peephole finding no one there. He backed up and used his power abilities to spy outside his door finding nothing which he figured there was something in his mailbox. Jinks unlocked the door to hear a meow sounding from the stairs which he eyed Priscilla sitting there who made no movement to get up. He opened the screen door and walked out sensing himself filmed and sighed to find a manila envelope looking thick sitting in his mailbox which he took out and walked inside locking both doors eyeing Priscilla still on the stairs.  Jinks went to the couch and sat feeling himself relieved to sit which he opened the manila envelope to find a newspaper book in it appearing to be a tabloid along with papers. He set aside the papers to read the tabloid grimacing seeing a picture on the cover showing himself kneeling surrounding like black belt males in various poses of fighting with some appearing to have a body part connecting to his body. 
He read the cover’s headline “Karate’s terror!” 
Jinks exhaled a breath and opened the newspaper to read the contents finding an article with his words he said to the reporter in it. He frowned seeing the article was like Lance said made him appeared to be an angry victim who will do what it takes to compete in tournaments and foot black belt’s seats on the way of winning titles as a powerful lesson that the attack wouldn’t keep him from competing. Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth to continued reading the rest of the newspaper to find an article detailing Tan Lee under disguise got involved in the attack and flattened the black belts’ seats and was identified by someone a student of his yelling that loudly which he later confirmed that identity then told the attackers that they shamed themselves before picking up the victim and carrying him out.  Jinks sighed as he continued to read the rest of the newspaper finding it entirely focused on the attack and various points of views while avoiding the point of view of the tournament competitors. 
He finished the newspaper set it aside and picked up the papers to read finding one was a doctor’s report saying “The victim named Jinks Montreal after examination of his body had visible bruises from the attack but no broken bones or muscle tearing found. It’s recommended that he hold off doing physical activities until it was determined that his bruise injuries had completely healed.” 
Jinks sighed and continued to read the papers finding a letter from the karate federation saying “We authorized ourselves and Sensei teacher Sun Zordanov to decide on whether Jinks Montreal should compete in tournaments from both observing him doing karate including testing him in sparring practice fights with fellow students when attending classes.” 
He continued to read “Jinks Montreal was not authorized to compete in tournaments without the say so of Sensei Zordanov and the karate federation both agreeing on that once it was determined he was up to compete.” 
He groaned loudly to continue reading the papers finding that he was given permission from the karate federation to wear the black belt when attending classes and attending tournaments as a spectator to support fellow students competing. 
Jinks exhaled a breath to come to the last of the papers to find a letter detailing “The attackers have been identified and their tournament results as a black belt holder nullified along with banned from competing and fined a huge thousand dollar money fine for the attack and forbidden to teach karate.” 
He sighed feeling himself relieved reading that continued to read “The police have been notified to arrest the attackers and charge them for the attack. Police has assured that the attackers will serve jail time. Too many numerous people have managed to witness the attack talking to the cops about it and giving statements.” 
He continued to read “The statements were the same thing said over and over. Jinks Montreal wasn’t the one who provoked the attack and witnessed him attacked from behind repeatedly too many times. Jinks Montreal not able to defend he from seeing him kicked in that area on the head repeatedly. They saw him slid to the floor with form still which the attackers proceeded to kick him.” 
Jinks read “Tan Lee was seen seating in the way back of the audience at the moment the attack happened and witnessed maneuvering around the crowd slowly. People not paying attention to anything around them till he managed to reach the victim and fought off the black belts who proceeded to pick a fight with him till someone loudly identified the Asian as Tan Lee who acted like he confirmed that yeller’s words and the attackers backed off.” 
He reached the end of the paper’s letter and sighed putting it down on the couch dresser along with the papers and newspaper. He leaned back sighing and felt himself too tensed up to sleep figured that he’ll go eat some food. Jinks got up and went to the kitchen and peered into the refrigerator finding he out of milk and orange juice but having grape juice to drink. Jinks took out putting it on the counter then looked in the fridge finding boxed prepared food which he took out one looking like it’ll fill him up from its size. He yanked out packaged food in a tray and stuffed it in the microwave and set it to cook. Jinks sat down in a chair at the table sighing while waiting for the food to cook and listening for the ding of the microwave saying it was done. He felt a cat face rub his hand resting on the table looked at Priscilla to raise the hand and watched as she rubbed her face and head on it lengthy before jumping off the table running out of the kitchen into the living room. He sighed and heard the ding sound got out his food and grabbed a fork from the drawer and sat down eating the food finding himself terribly hungry which he gobbled it up then threw out the tray in the garbage. He picked up the bottle of grape juice and opened it and gulped part of it down then placed it in the refrigerator. He sighed figuring out that he’ll stretch and practice karate. Jinks went to the living room to sit on the floor feeling for his body’s complaints as he stretched which he sensed soreness from his muscles but found his limber status intact. He adjusted his legs to swing himself up but figured it was best not to do that got up awkwardly and recalled his white belt Kata proceeded to do it finding himself tiring quickly after doing kicking and punching movements which he finished with a bow and felt himself exhausted sighed. He eyed the couch and sighed figuring that he’ll take his bed instead which he forced himself up the stairs while pausing to catch his breath several times feeling he tired. He went to his bedroom to lie his form down and threw the blankets up to his chest and eyed the alarm clock seeing the alarm was on which he reached towards it checking the alarm time and found it set for eight o’clock. Jinks adjusted for nine o’clock and eyed the date and laid his form down shutting his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious.

Jinks came to hearing the alarm blare its noises sighed to sit up eying the clock seeing it was nine o’clock in the morning but frowned seeing the date to calculate that it was three days since he fell asleep in bed. He sighed and got up feeling himself much better along with no weakness feeling felt. Jinks grabbed some clothes out of the drawers along with his sneakers and hauled them to the bathroom going inside which he set on the counter then stripped he of his sweat pants putting them on the hook behind the door. He eyed himself in the mirror to find his skin had resumed its normal pale tanned Human color. He entered the shower feeling he better underneath the water along with cleaning himself with soap and shampoo. He dried himself once finished with the shower and put on the clothes and shoes then brushed his hair. He left the bathroom going downstairs heading to the kitchen to find Priscilla in front of her food bowl meowing in pleading tones. He sighed figuring that she was eating too much set out a generous amount and then watched her eat seeing her eat half of the food then went to the water bowl lapping it several licks then ran out of the kitchen down the hallway which he saw her go up the stairs. He sighed and made himself a meal of oatmeal pouring two packages into a bowl and placed it in the microwave after filling it partly with water. He sighed to pull out the grape juice bottle eyeing it to see it was still partially full which he set aside on the table then grabbed out a spoon from a drawer and waited as the food cooked followed by the microwave dinging its sound. He took out the food then felt himself terribly hungry gobbled it all up by spoonfuls and placed the dishes in the dishwasher then grabbed the grape juice bottle to drink it till it was partially half empty. He placed it in the refrigerator then sighed recalling Lance telling him to do research on the town and surrounding area for hotels and information on Janel. He went to the computer in the living room and sat down after turning it on. Jinks waited as the computer came on then went on the internet finding his familiar search engine website there on it. Jinks sighed and began to work on finding information on Janel and her contact information, the town of Wethersfield, nearby towns and cities, the state of Connecticut and hotels in each of the towns and cities.  He during his searching found a website on the local grocery store and examined it to discover that they did grocery deliveries to homes from people ordering food online. The items was paid by the person answering the door by handprint on the charger a device that registers the person and their money account by taking away the amount of money they had in their account to pay for the groceries. Jinks sighed and gave the website and its pages a through search finding groceries he needed which he set in an order and got a message saying that they would be delivered at an evening hour once his transaction was received. Jinks sighed and began resuming his search on his targets to find a familiar address for Janel he recognized as Roosevelt’s address in New York City along with a phone number with wording saying that her representative would deliver requests and messages to her. Jinks examined the computer’s options for print doing it and saw a device next to the computer turn on with a beeping sound followed by a piece of paper coming out of it. He yanked it out to examine the paper seeing it was a copy of the webpage which he sighed and got up figuring that he’ll hide it in the couch dresser next to the phone which he proceeded to do. Jinks went back to the computer and again resumed his target search. He found various information on what he wanted to know including that there were hotels in various cities that had websites which he checked on checking in and getting a room to discover that he could do this online and make a reservation using any identity he wished without any questions asked on whom he was. Jinks exhaled a breath to eye the computer’s clock time finding that morning was gone and it was in the afternoon. He sighed and figured that he learned enough shut down the internet along with the computer and got up going to the couch dresser to pull out the paper from it. He read the phone number dialed it on the phone and held the phone to his ear listening for it ringing. 
He waited as a voice sounding female and Highlander like answered speaking “Secretary for Janel Knight speaking. How may I help you?”
Jinks spoke “Just like to know what Mrs. Knight knows of a male named Jinks Montreal.” 
He heard a gasp sound and waited hearing typing sounds followed by the voice speaking “Ah he’s the father of her two children and a family friend. That’s all I’m authorized to say, sorry.” 
Jinks spoke “Alright does Mrs. Knight take private meeting requests?”
He waited hearing typing and heard the female speak “It depends on Mrs. Knight and whether their important to her.”
He spoke as the voice paused “Ok how you tell Mrs. Knight those requests from people?”
He waited to hear typing sounds followed by the voice speaking “Those requests are given to Mrs. Knight in various ways such as by phone call or written note or in person as requested by the person giving the request.” 
He spoke “Ok thank you for your information. I’ll call back at a later time with a request once I’m sure I’m authorized to do it.” 
He heard “Ok bye!” then hung up the phone then stuffed the paper in the couch dresser folding it in half. 
Jinks sighed and eyed the clock to see that today was a class at the karate studio figured that he’ll show up for it. He went to the hallway closet to look inside to find his duffle bag in it along with karate uniform folded inside and black belt wrapped around it which he took out the bag and set it in the hallway. Jinks sighed recalling the number for the driver Lance Knight gave him in the mail and thought it was best not to use the driver due to how close the school was to his home. He went to the couch dresser to look inside finding his keys gone from it and figured that it was in his duffle bag. Jinks went to the bag and rooted through it finding his keys and wallet which he took out the keys then lifted up the bag carrying it to the front door unlocking it and mindful of Priscilla walked out locking the front door with a key. He felt himself filmed sighed to look up seeing a black ball in the corner with a red dot attached to it. He put away his keys and carried his duffle bag by a strap on his shoulder while finding the fresh warm air outside agreed with him making him feel better. He jaywalked across the road finding traffic light and avoided being hit by the cars by walking briskly across.                      
Jinks exhaled a breath pausing from walking to see the karate studio which he went inside walking passed Kui’s open office door only to hear her voice yell “Jinks, what you are doing here?!”
He sighed and turned around to face her standing in her office doorway as she spoke “You should be home resting.” 
He sighed again and spoke “I’m too bored to stay home not doing anything.” 
He frowned as Kui spoke “Well attending class seems fine but don’t expect Sensei Sun to allow you to join the others in doing her teaching. She’ll probably have you sit out the class watching it.”
He groaned softly to nod his head as she went into her office leaving the door open which he went to the locker room and changed into his karate uniform. He went to the studio room to find Sun and her husband there in a middle of a whispered conversation and found himself the first to arrive. He sat down and began doing his stretching exercises while noticing the two teachers eyeing him while in the middle of whispering. Jinks once done attempted to swing up finding himself off balanced once he landed on his feet which he stumbled a bit but regain his balance. 
He sighed to stare at Sun who spoke “Show me the Kata you’re using for tournaments now.” 
Jinks obeyed finding himself off balanced with the kicking and sensed his hands and arms movements seemed off to him which annoyed him as he felt himself getting tired from doing the movements forced himself to finish the Kata with a bow towards the two teachers. 
He breathed hard through his mouth panting as Sun spoke “Nope you’re not ready for tournaments. Go home and get some rest but don’t walk you hear me? You look like you might faint away from the physical activity.” 
He groaned softly sensing himself too tired to argue as Sun ordered him out. Jinks obeyed going to the locker room to find fellow students there which he sensed some of them staring at him from the feeling. Jinks changed clothes and yanked out his water bottle to gulp part of it down then placed the bottle back into the bag and walked out of the locker room. He sighed and went to Kui’s office knocking on the open door. 
He waited staring at Kui who looked at him as he spoke “Mind if I use your phone? I have to call a ride to home.” 
He frowned as Kui held up the phone towards him which he dropped his bag and walked further into the room to take the phone from her and dialed from memory the driver’s number. He heard the familiar Highlander male’s voice on the line spoke his order for picking him up right away and the karate studio’s location. He heard his driver assure him of the pick up along with that the Highlander will enter the school to let him know that he arrived so he wouldn’t have to wait in the rain hearing the weather predicted to hit at the time. 
He spoke his agreement and hung up putting the phone down on the desk then heard Kui speak “Jinks, feel free to use a chair while you wait for your ride to arrive.”
He obeyed to sit down and felt himself falling asleep yawned several times while shaking his head and leaned back in the chair shutting his eyes. 

Jinks came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder which he jerked open his eyes to find his familiar driver there doing it which he got up and went to his duffle bag picking it up and followed the Highlander outside to the car as rain fell softly. 
He got inside and leaned back after buckling himself in and heard the driver speak “I have to use another route to get to your home account for how heavy traffic is at the moment.”
He groaned softly figured that he’ll sleep shut his eyes only to open them when he felt a hand shaking his shoulder and the car still. 
He looked to see the driver who spoke “We’re here at your home. I suggest you run to your apartment a thunderstorm is predicted arriving soon.”
He obeyed to get out among the rain falling softly and found himself too tired to jog forced himself to walk as fast as he could to reach his porch and got on it to hear a boom of thunder followed by rain falling in a fast motion. Jinks ignored unlocking his door and cued his senses to Priscilla finding her no where nearby as he locked both doors behind him. He yanked out his wallet and stuffed it along with his keys in the couch dresser then dumped the duffle bag into the closet. Jinks sighed feeling himself tired figured that he’ll lie down forced himself to go up the stairs taking his time slowly then went into his bedroom to hear a meow sound. Jinks eyed the bed to find Priscilla lying on her side on his bed’s spare pillow. He sighed sensing her watching him as he yanked off his shoes then got on the bed lying down and pulled the blankets as he lied on his side over his head and shut his eyes feeling himself relieved to be sleeping.  
He dreamed of facing Lance who spoke sounding annoyed “Jinks, don’t you dare push yourself to do physical activities despite still recovering from the attack.” 
He groaned out “I’ll see what I can do.”
He got a black eyed glare along with being gagged on the throat as Lance spoke “I mean it with what I said, Jinks. Don’t push yourself with the karate. I insist you take your time and listen to people telling you on that or I’ll see that you’re knocked out cold just for you to get some rest get it?”
He bobbed his head in a yes gesture then felt his eyes forced shut followed by blackness as he passed out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm blare its noise rolled over ignoring the sound only to feel dirt ground with his body while wearing underwear shorts along with electrical humming sounds. He jerked open his eyes and groaned forcing himself to get up by karate swing move and found his balance back while feeling himself filmed. He looked around and spotted two familiar figures partially hidden by the darkness and scowled feeling annoyed with them. He heard the electrical humming stop followed by an overweight bald man wearing shorts entered the cage room and proceeded to attack him swinging meaty hands in fists at him. Jinks felt himself annoyed used his karate to attack the man and blocked the fists swung at him. He felt his strength not up to par by the way the man refused to go down. He exhaled a breath though his mouth and edged towards the cage wall hearing humming of electricity sounding and waited as the man struck a fist towards him. Jinks darted out of the way and used the man’s momentum to push him towards the bars seeing success as the male hit the bars with form jerking followed by sliding to the floor with form still which he sensed life gone from him. Jinks eyed the figures to see one he recognized as Lance Knight waved a hand and felt sleepiness shook his head and fell to kneel sliding to the floor going unconscious. 

Jinks woke up jerking open his eyes hearing the alarm blaring in his ear. He lurched into a sitting position to see that he was back in his bedroom in his apartment and eyed the clock seeing the time saying seven o’clock in the morning. He heard a doorbell sound loudly through out the apartment groaned and got up walking out of the bedroom going down the stairs finding his strength back and not tired from doing it. He peered through the peephole to see a male Human wearing some uniform there. He yanked open the door unlocking it and stared at the male showing relief in his eyes that held up a clipboard and a thin small square package underneath his arm. 
Jinks exhaled a breath as the male spoke “Delivery requesting your signature, sir.” 
He unlocked the screen door and kept his senses cued to Priscilla on the stairs as he signed his name then took the package going inside locking both doors which he found the cat sitting in the hallway giving off a meow sound. 
Jinks went to the living room and ripped open the package finding a card to a hotel room along with a note in feminine handwriting saying “Your to meet at the hotel named in Hartford, next to the town of Wethersfield, on a street.” he read the street name and hotel room number.
“You’re to knock on the door three times once on arrival after taking a cab to there instead of regular driving methods to arrive there at a time listed and to pack for two days and two nights stay.” Jinks exhaled a breath figuring that Janel sent the package.
Jinks got up carrying the items to the kitchen tossing aside the box into the garbage then carried the hotel card and letter to his bedroom putting it in a dresser drawer figuring out that it shouldn’t be in plain sight. He exhaled a breath to pull out some clean clothes and went into the bathroom thinking that he’ll shower which he did after stripping himself of his current clothes. Jinks once done dried he and put on his clean clothes. He put the dirty clothes into the laundry machine then went to the bedroom to put on his sneakers then pulled out the card and letter stuffing it in his jeans pocket and patted the pocket to look flat. He sighed and went downstairs to grab his duffle bag which he yanked out and emptied it of stuff tossing them in the closet. Jinks sensed Priscilla watching him from the hallway shut the closet door shut and hauled the bag to his bedroom to pull out clothing for two days stuffing it in the bag. He sighed and went into the bathroom to grab his hairbrush then went to his bag in the bedroom stuffing the brush inside. He carried the bag downstairs and eyed it on the floor shut it closed and stuffed it in the closet keeping the door shut. He sensed Priscilla watching him which he went to her food bowl to eye it and figured that he’ll give her more food so she wouldn’t have to complain about it empty while he was gone which he proceeded to do. Jinks sighed again and went to the refrigerator yanking it open to find items gone from it replaced. Jinks sighed and began preparing a meal of pancakes cooking about six of them. Once done he set them on a plate and went to get the orange juice carton putting it on the table then ate the food finding himself terribly hungry. He ate all of the food and drank part of the orange juice in the carton and once done put away the dishes in the dishwasher seeing it empty of dishes he put in previously. Jinks put away the orange juice then sighed hearing the phone ringing went to it picking it up and spoke his name. 
He heard “Dad, open the door we’re outside.” 
Jinks sighed hearing Lance Knight’s voice hung up the phone then pause mid walk to the door to glare at the clock seeing it was around eight o’clock in the morning. 
He thought to himself “What the depths are the kids doing here this early? Don’t tell me it’s got something to do with the package? Harrumph!”
Jinks went to the door peering through the peephole to find his children on the porch which he opened the door and saw black eyed glares on their faces. 
He spoke “Something I can do for you?”              
Lance Knight he stared at instead of answering waved a hand and he felt sleepiness shook his head as he saw his son again wave a hand unlocking the screen door. 
He slurred “Mind…the…cat…or…she…ell…cape.” 
He shut his eyes and heard ringing sounding in his ear jerked up in a sitting position to find himself on the couch as the phone rang which he put a hand on his pocket to feel the card and letter gone. He groaned and swung his legs off the couch to see his duffle bag sitting on the floor open with items out and clothes folded next to it and a piece of paper on top of it in a folded position. 
Jinks sighed and went to the bag grabbing the paper to find it was a handwritten note in handwriting saying “Stay away from my mother period.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath finding the note wasn’t signed heard the answering machine pick up which he listened “Lance Knight here, answer the phone I want to talk to you.” 
He exhaled a breath and went to the phone and picked it up speaking his name. 
He was interrupted by Lance Knight speaking “Stay away from my mother period. You chose karate so stick with it and leave my mother alone.” 
Jinks opened his mouth to speak and heard the dial tone in his ear. He hung up the phone and eyed the couch dresser to pull open a drawer to find the folded paper gone. 
He recalled the number dialed it and heard a female voice speaking sounding electronic “Phone dialing service is not available at this number.”
He growled an annoyed sound slammed the phone down. 
Jinks eyed the computer thought to he “What about the internet service? That paper was a paper version of a website with website address listed on it.” 
He went to the computer turning it on and sat eyeing the screen and frowned seeing the internet service icon was gone from the screen. Jinks recalled the town library and remembered not getting a library card from them like the librarian said she would send him one. He felt his annoyance take hold as he realized that Lance Knight cancelled the library card just to keep him from getting access to the internet service. 
He felt himself annoyed realizing that and thought to himself “How did the kids figure out that I used the internet to find Janel’s phone number and find the paper in the couch dresser to take it away along with that she sent me the package?”
He heard nothing but silence as his answer got up shutting down the computer to pace back and forth feeling himself furious with his son while his anger boiled within him snarled out a growl and stormed to the basement going down the stairs and attacked the punching bag hard using all sorts of karate motions while feeling himself fueled by his anger as he continued to attack the thing. He continued to attack the punching bag till he felt sleepiness and felt his motions become slower and slower as sleepiness persisted which he slid to the padded floor and shut his eyes while lying on his side. 
He dreamed of facing Lance who spoke “Alright Jinks, your son had someone called a hacker keep a record of what you do online the internet to show to him. Also your phone conversations with people have been recorded by a third party by the Master Organization. Your son got a hold of the recordings and heard your conversation with Janel’s secretary which the number was changed.”
He growled angry hearing Lance’s words as the male kept talking “The internet service is the only way you could get the number along with information on members of the organization. Your son took away the paper information and he ordered members in the neighborhood to not to have contact with you. I doubt those people will follow his orders seeing you as a vessel of me and leader of the Master Organization. A rumor going around that you were seen changing into me twice something your son has failed to do despite people expecting him to do that.”
Jinks continued to growl angrily felt Lance’s hands on his forehead and chest felt himself becoming calmer that shocked him. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “As for your kids figuring out the package sent you and its contents, Janel didn’t account that her son got a tracking beacon in a necklace pendant sent to her appearing to be from you. She was tracked by people paid by your son to report on her moments which she was tracked to a hotel. The lobby clerk was bribed with money to say why she was there along with what she requested. Your children figured out what she was doing went to your home and knocked you out to remove everything on contacting her including your internet service cancelled.”
Jinks continued to frown forming it on his lips as Lance continued talking “Also your children did a through search throughout your apartment looking for everything they could think of to take away. They took along with various papers on other things besides her.”
He saw Lance’s eyes turn all black that made him nervous as the male spoke “Oh you’ll get the opportunity to have the upper hand in this situation. Mark my words you will.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut woke up to feel himself on his back and Priscilla sitting on his chest rumbling vibrations felt. He sighed as she walked off of him which he got up swinging to stand finding himself balanced. He sighed and eyed the cat seeing her go to the stairs and watched her go up them out of sight. He sighed to eye the clock with date on it to see it was the next day appearing to be in the early morning which he figured he might as well practice karate. Jinks went into his black belt Kata finding his body doing the movements as if they had a memory and doing it perfectly to his standards. He felt himself not tired from doing the Kata went into drills from recalling them from class which he practiced till he figured he did enough. Jinks went up the stairs to hear a loud meow and went to the door to find Priscilla scratching at the door it shut. Jinks sighed figuring out that someone transported her inside the basement to wake him up he still clueless on the Meritanians at the time. He opened the door and watched her dart out going to the kitchen to the water bowl to lap water. He heard the doorbell ringing its noises sighed and went to the door after shutting the basement door. He peered through the peephole to see a Human female wearing some uniform standing there which he opened the door and stared at her seeing her uniform reminded him of a paramedic and saw she had a duffle bag in her hand. 
She he stared at spoke “Excuse me, Jinks Montreal? I’m Veterinarian Sherry Wilson here for examining the cat Priscilla as court ordered.”
He unlocked the screen door and stepped aside letting her in and shut the door behind her. He went to the kitchen following Sherry he figured he’ll call her to see her bent down holding her hand towards Priscilla who sniffed it. He sighed and watched as Sherry placed the bag on the table and picked up Priscilla to put on the table. 
He heard her speak “Would you mind holding Priscilla in place while I get out the scanner?”
Jinks obeyed putting hands on Priscilla’s back holding her to the table who continued to act interested in Sherry rummaging around in her bag till she pulled out a wand like device blinking along with a clipboard with a screen on it. He watched as Sherry waved the wand over Priscilla while glancing at the screen giving off an hmm sound. He frowned as she put away the devices then pulled out another device that looked like a small box putting it on the side of Priscilla’s flank which he heard a beep sound then watch her glance at it before pressing a button on it and again giving off an hmm sound. He continued to watch Sherry who ran her hands on Priscilla’s body not sparing her tail who didn’t complain to the touch. He frowned to keep his hands on Priscilla as Sherry put a hand on the cat’s head forcing open her jaw looking at the teeth and the mouth then lifted up part of the cat’s lip to examine her gum before letting go of her. 
Jinks frowned as Sherry spoke “Ok she seems fine and in perfect health. Have you noticed anything usual about her that seems odd?”
He recalled Priscilla seemingly eating too much food spoke “She seems to eat too much food from the food bowl being empty.”
He frowned as Sherry glanced at the bowls scrutinizing them then looked back at him before she spoke “She was brought to the vet hospital by this Owen O’Brien complaining about her using his rug as her personal bathroom and making a mess. I examined her after he left and found that she was starving by how thin she was along with reacting in pain from being touched from her yowling. We found nothing seriously wrong with her bones but figured from the cat reacting in fear when one of us stuck a foot near her to keep her from leaving the room that she was kicked and was sore from that. Also she seemed to have no trouble using the litter box from examining her and she seemed to eat a lot of food from her starving state.” 
He nodded his head and spoke “What about this Owen? What’s going on with him?”
He stared at Sherry who spoke “Oh after we documented the abuse to the police they had a search warrant for Owen’s home and arrested him. They discovered that the litter box hadn’t been cleaned out for a certain time period along with several areas in the apartment the cat used as her personal bathroom.”
He felt himself glaring at Sherry who ignored his facial expression to continued talking “His kids talked after carefully worded questions that their father has been seen doing not appropriate things to the cat such as kicking her with his feet. The kids admitted that they were partially responsible for the cat’s situation. They didn’t feed her despite their father insisting that they do it along with doing the litter box chore.” 
Jinks spoke “Harrumph why did they adopt Priscilla in the first place if they don’t seem to care about her?”
He glared as Sherry formed a frown on her face and spoke “I suspect that the cat was something the kids wanted their mother admitted that she rejected their requests for a cat saying that she was sure that they wouldn’t care for it properly. Humph turns out she was right and now the kids are facing detention after school for the rest of their time at the school they currently attend on their mother’s request. What a shame that they turned out to be irresponsible.”
Jinks nodded his head as Sherry added “Nothing for me to do here. Priscilla is doing fine. You can let her go.” 
He obeyed to see Priscilla streak out of the kitchen going to the living room from taking the exit to there. 
He again heard Sherry spoke “Care to walk me to the door?”
He obeyed to follow Sherry to the door who paused to speak “Oh one more thing just to let you know that you might find having Priscilla only temporary. That’s that the state’s gonoid control will find a suitable home for her once this mess gets sorted out.”
He nodded his head and opened the door as Sherry added “Also you’re free to submit to the Tim Mayhews courthouse in Hartford, Judge Guard Kensington presiding over the case for a request to adopting Priscilla if you like. Just thought I would let you know of that.” 
Jinks spoke “OK I’ll think about that.” 
He watched Sherry leave the apartment which he locked both doors behind her and sensed Priscilla watching him which he saw her sitting on his coffee table in a crouch position giving off a meow sound. He sighed and went to the couch dresser where the phone was sitting on top and opened drawers looking for papers which he pulled out one having the McBroom and Associates logo on it along with address and phone number. Jinks dialed the phone number thinking to he “I think I’ll adopt Priscilla but I got to ask the landlord for permission first.”
He waited as a female voice sounding Highlander like sounded on the line speaking “McBroom and Associates, how may I help you?”
Jinks spoke “This is Jinks Montreal.” 
He paused to hear a gasp sound continued “I would like to speak to McBroom himself if it’s possible.” 
He frowned as the female voice spoke “Actually McBroom is just the name of the lawyer group handling matters associating with law.” 
He inhaled a breath and spoke “Well I was recently given a female cat named Priscilla to care for. She was found abused by someone else and that court case is ongoing. I’m calling to know if I can get permission to permanently adopt her due to hearing that she staying with me is only temporary while the courts settle her abuse case.” 
He waited hearing typing sounds followed by the female voice speaking “Ah, I have to transfer you to an associate Augusto for you to further discuss this matter. Augusto is in charge of business related to the Sharon Lane apartment complex you’re currently living in. He should give you an answer so hold on a minute please.” 
He waited hearing clicking noises followed by a male voice sounding Highlander like speaking “McBroom and Associates, Augusto speaking how I may help you?” 
Jinks repeated what he told the female hearing a loud hmm sound to his name before adding about Priscilla and waited patiently hearing typing sounds sounding lengthy. 
He frowned as Augusto spoke “Unfortunately the case is currently in the decision phase for the judge to decide on the matter so I’m afraid you won’t be able to submit an adoption request.” 
He felt himself become sad hearing that as Augusto added “You do have permission to adopt a cat if you like. I can recommend some cat adoption centers for adopting one. Would you like to know this information?”
Jinks rubbed a hand on his forehead and spoke “Thanks but not today. Will someone let me know when the judge decides the case and Priscilla’s fate?”
He heard “Certainly I’ll be sure to get word to you on this matter. Anything else you like to know?”
He spoke “No but thank you bye.”
He hung up the phone and groaned rubbing another hand on his face as he kept the hand on his forehead. He heard a meow sound followed by rubbing on his ankle of a cat head. Jinks removed his hands and looked down at Priscilla.
He spoke out loud “I sure am going to miss you, Priscilla. You made quite an impression on me enough to want to keep you. Oh well, I do hope that the judge decides that Owen doesn’t keep you and that the new home you go to is very caring towards you.” 
He sighed as the cat looked up at him and meowed which he saw her back appeared to arch and figured that she wanted attention which he bent down and gave her attention by scratching and rubbing her back with his hands. He sighed again as she gave off vibrations underneath his hands while looking at him with some look in her eyes that made him think she was happy.  He sighed again as she ran off out of his hands which he felt himself hungry figured that he’ll eat something. Jinks went to the kitchen and took out a packaged box meal from the fridge and took out the tray holding food. He stuffed it in the microwave and placed the box in the garbage can seeing it look empty. He sighed and opened the refrigerator to see a large sized carton of milk in it which he took out and set on the table and took out a fork and waited as the food cooked. He heard the ding sound took the food tray out and set it on the table and sat down. He ate the food and frowned recalling himself eating one meal a day and not hungry for more food after that. He thinking “I’m wondering if it was related to my non Human side in me?” 

“One meal a day is what I’m on at the moment despite Jinks Montreal having that himself.” writes Brandis.

Jinks shrugged and continued to eat the food then once done threw the tray in the dishwasher along with the fork. He sighed and grabbed the milk carton and opened it and gulped down some of its contents. He sighed once done and put the carton away in the refrigerator to hear the phone ringing which he darted to it to peer at the caller ID seeing Lizette’s name on it. 
He picked the phone up and spoke “Jinks Montreal speaking, yes?” 
He heard Lizette’s voice speak “Dad, how are you feeling?”
He heard an edge in her voice spoke “I’m feeling quite well enough for me to do things.” 
Jinks frowned as Lizette spoke “Oh I heard that you showed up for class looking like you were very tired and was doing karate terribly. Including looking exhausted which you fell asleep there and in the car ride to your home. I haven’t heard from you in awhile since that attack happened. You still have my phone number do you?”
He recalled the number recited it along with saying “I like to know how I can acquire groceries without leaving my home due to that my internet service is out.” 
He heard a cough sound followed by her speaking “Dad, my brother wants you to be active with things outside your home and not isolating yourself depending on people doing things for you. Sorry about the internet service, it was cancelled.” 
He exhaled a breath and spoke after inhaling a breath as Lizette paused “Fine what’s yours and your brother’s take on me competing again in tournaments?”
He waited hearing a throat clearing noise before she spoke “My take is go ahead and compete but focus on the sparring and skip the Kata and weapons. My brother’s take is the same on that. He’s hesitance on having you compete so soon after the attack due to thinking that you might get attacked again and wound up with an injury to keep you from competing permanently. Hold on a minute the butler is here.” 
He waited as there was a pause followed by Lizette speaking “Sorry I got to go.”
He frowned as he heard a dial tone in his ear sighed and hung up the phone. Jinks exhaled a breath to eye the clock on the TV seeing the date and figured that there was a class today which he thought about going only to feel sleepiness sighed and went to the couch to sit leaning back shutting his eyes. 

Jinks came to hearing the phone ringing its noises as night vision blared in his eyes sight. 
Jinks picked up the phone and spoke “Jinks Montreal and why are you calling me at this night hour?”
He heard “Sorry Dad but that was just to finish our talk.” 
He sighed recognizing the voice as Lizette spoke “What’s going on with you and your brother?”
He frowned as she spoke “My brother doesn’t mind me talking to you as long as he’s there to hear the conversation and doesn’t like it when I talk to you alone.” 
Jinks spoke as he recalled Lance telling him of a third party taping his phone conversations “You sure that your brother won’t find out about you calling me?”
He waited as he heard a banging noise followed by the dial tone in his ear. Jinks exhaled a breath hung up the phone only to hear it ringing again which he picked it up and repeated his greeting in a rude tone. 
He heard “I don’t find it amusing that my sister is talking to you behind my back.” 
He stiffened hearing Lance Knight’s voice in an angry tone as his son added “Just a warning to you and Dad. I’ll find out what secret you’re both hiding from me and believe me I’ll be furious about it so, don’t hide things from me or else. Oh Dad, you’ll find this phone number my sister gave you out of service next time you attempt to call her.” 
He opened his mouth and heard the dial tone in his ear. Jinks felt disgust take hold eyed the clock to see the time was nine o’clock at night got up and figured that he’ll go to bed. He went up the stairs to the bathroom and stripped himself of his clothes to put on his sweatpants and left his clothes lying on the floor. Jinks went to his bedroom and got in bed eyeing the clock seeing the alarm was set for nine o’clock in the morning. He sighed and lied on his side throwing the blankets over his head and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks heard the alarm blare its noises woke up sitting up to eye the clock seeing the time was seven o’clock in the morning. He groaned figuring out that he was manipulated again to set the alarm clock to that time. He got up and went to grab some clothes and went out the bedroom to the bathroom which inside he picked up his discarded clothes and tossed them in the hallway. Jinks stripped himself of his sweatpants and showered then came out to dry himself followed by putting on his clothes and sneakers. He sighed and left the bathroom going downstairs figuring that he’ll eat something. He halted at the front door to hear the doorbell ringing which he peered through the peephole to see a male wearing a uniform that reminded him of police. He opened the door and stared at the male seeing him holding a cat carrier in his hand. 
The male spoke “Gonoid control. The judge of the abuse case decided that the cat will be adopted out of state. I’m here to get her.” 
Jinks groaned softly spoke “Excuse me what about her abuser?”
He frowned as the male spoke “Oh his case is still pending that the judge let the charges stand instead of dismissing them as requested. The case has been transferred to another court who’ll handle the matter. Now about the cat please.”
He nodded his head and turned around using his senses to find Priscilla, he detected was in the living room on the couch where he went to and picked her up. He got no protest from Priscilla but a meow sound that sounded like she was sad as he carried her to front door. 
He with a free hand unlocked the screen door and put Priscilla in the cat carrier then stepped back speaking “I hope her home will be caring for her. She made a very good impression on me to want to keep her but too bad I can’t.” 
He eyed the male who spoke “Don’t worry you’ll get over this. It’s quite common for people fostering pets to feel an attachment towards them. Don’t worry about her. She’ll be fine.”
He nodded his head and watched the male walk away out of sight. 
He exhaled a breath and thought to himself “I’ll empty out the litter box and the remains of her food. I’ll toss them out along with the garbage.” 
Jinks sighed and locked both doors then felt his stomach rumbling in hunger groaned and thought to himself “I’ll eat first before doing chores around the apartment.” which he went to the kitchen. 
Jinks ate a large helping of cereal out of the box along with drinking milk then once done went to the kitchen closet and found a dispenser for garbage bags which he took one out. Jinks went into the hallway to the bathroom and yanked open the door to find the litter box was where he thought it was and emptied its contents into the garbage bag and walked out to eye the cat’s food bowl finding it empty. He sighed and went to kitchen closet to pull out the garbage bin which he emptied its contents into the garbage bag. Jinks carried the garbage bag to the front door putting it down and went to get his keys which he held in his hand. He picked up the garbage bag and carried it outside then locked the door behind him with the key while feeling himself filmed. Jinks carried the bag to the dumpster dumping it inside it then sighed feeling the filming sensation continue looked around to spot a car toy on the sidewalk like five steps away facing his direction with a familiar box on top of it. He felt annoyance went to the car toy only to see it scoot away from him which he went to sidewalk to glare at the toy going around a corner of a sidewalk around a building out of sight. He felt himself annoyed went to his apartment to again felt the filming sensation which he sensed was coming from the camera dome ball in the corner of his porch. He exhaled a breath and unlocked the door with his key and went inside locking both doors.  He heard the phone ringing went to answer speaking his name.  
He frown hearing a familiar voice on it speaking “Lance Knight here, get your seat to karate class today and obey what the sensei tells you period.” 
He opened his mouth to speak and heard the dial tone in his ear. Jinks hung up the phone and gave up a loud groan. He figured to himself that he’ll do some cleaning and put away the cat paraphernalia in the closet due to not having a cat.
Jinks thinking “It wasn’t a good idea to leave the stuff out for people to think I had a pet when I didn’t have one.” 
Jinks got to work cleaning the litter box and the bathroom with cleaning supplies from the cupboard underneath the kitchen sink. He used the broom from the closet to sweep up cat litter debris and put the stuff in the garbage bin. Jinks once done with the bathroom cleaned the cat bowls then stuffed them along with the freshly cleaned litter box into the closet. Jinks felt tired went to sit on the couch leaning back and shut his eyes falling asleep. 

Jinks came to hearing the phone ringing its noises which he picked up speaking his name and eyeing the clock seeing it was one o’clock in the afternoon. 
He heard “Dad its Lizette, how are you feeling today?”
He sighed hearing Lizette’s voice spoke “I’m doing alright. Just doing some cleaning as in cleaning out the cat stuff I had for fostering a cat which I gave up today.” 
He frowned to hear her speak “Oh I heard about that.”
He opened his mouth and heard her speak in a loud tone “I’m on the phone with Dad so if you want to talk to him get over here and talk. I’m not getting up for you smarty.” 
Jinks spoke as she paused “Who’s your talking to?”
He heard a new voice come on the line “Hello Dad.” 
Jinks grimaced recognizing the voice as Lance Knight spoke “Hello Lance. What’s new with you and Lizette lately?”
He heard Lance Knight speak “Nothing but get yourself to karate class. Don’t bother walking to there. Use the driver and I expect you to do that.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath to hear a gagging sound followed by Lizette’s voice on the line speaking “Dad, don’t forget to take a shower before you leave. Cleaning litter box can leave a person smelling awful-“
He heard another gagging sound spoke in a firm tone “Lance, Lizette stop with the choking each other now. I don’t expect to hear this from the both of you on the phone with either of you so quit it. I meant it or I’m not going to share what I know of certain abilities so stop it.” 
He heard multiple throat clearing noises followed by “Sorry dad!” spoken in unison by both kids. 
Jinks spoke again “No more gagging each other while on the phone with me get it? So quit doing it or I won’t be forthcoming with certain things you want to know so stop it.” 
He heard Lance Knight speak “Fine just get yourself to karate class and use the driver period.” 
He opened his mouth and heard the dial tone in his ear. 
Jinks slammed down the phone and figured to he “I’ll do what Lizette told me to do which was shower.” which he jogged upstairs heading to the bathroom. 
He showered thoroughly and then went to his bedroom to put on fresh clean clothes along with putting on his shoes. He exhaled a breath to hear the phone on his bed stand ringing its noises. 
Jinks went to the phone and picked it up speaking “Jinks Montreal, yes?” 
He heard “Jinks, this is Kui Lee. Show up early today for a personal class with Sensei Sun and Sergei. Oh got to warn you that a representative of the Karate Federation’s president will be there to observe things. So show up as soon as possible.” 
He spoke “Fine will do.” 
He heard the dial tone in his ear hung up the phone and left the bedroom going to the hallway to spot his clothes piled on the floor. Jinks sighed and stuffed them in the laundry machine then went downstairs to the hallway closet. Jinks yanked out his duffle bag to find his karate uniform inside it and figured that he’ll take a cloth bag to hold the clothes and belt instead of the entire duffle bag. Jinks took out his uniform and belt putting it on the couch dresser then went to the kitchen closet to pull out a grocery store cloth bag. Jinks took to the living room and stuffed it with his uniform and belt. He took out his wallet and put it in the bag.
Jinks sighed thinking to he “Whether I should call for a driver or walks judging how close the school was.” 
He exhaled a breath to stand thinking till he felt himself compelled to dial the driver’s number which he did and heard the Highlander on the line speaking. Jinks spoke his order for driving him to the karate studio right away and its location.
Jinks heard the driver tell him “I’ll ring the doorbell once I’ve arrived.” 
Jinks spoke his agreement and hung up the phone then sat on the couch staring at the TV’s black screen showing the date and time in white letters and numbers on it. He sat and waited as he heard the doorbell ring its noises sighed and went to grab his keys stuffing them in his pocket of his jeans then peered through the peephole to see his familiar driver there. Jinks went to grab the bag holding his karate stuff then yanked open the doors which he locked the front door with a key and then followed the driver to the car. He sat inside and put on his seatbelt and leaned back staring out the window as the car drove to the karate studio and he got out walking inside. He peered into Kui’s office seeing the door open and found her on the phone ignoring him and appearing to not detect him there. Jinks walked to the locker room and changed into the karate uniform and belt. He went to the studio room to find Sun and Sergei in a whispered conversation along with a male wearing a different uniform with a black belt on him that appeared to frown seeing him. He exhaled a breath to sit down and did his stretching exercises and then swung himself up before turning to face the three. 
He waited as Sun looked at him and spoke “Show me the Kata.” 
He obeyed going into it finding himself having no trouble doing it then ended with a bow towards the three to find Sun and Sergei in a whispered conversation as the male with the belt still had the frown on his face. 
He spoke loudly “Excuse me.”
Jinks got Sun and Sergei to look at him which he added “Some people connected with the karate federation called me on the phone and recommended that I focus on sparring for competing in tournaments. They also recommended that I drop the Kata and weapons. Just wondering what your take on this is?” 
He again got a whispered conversation between Sun and Sergei with the male appearing to converse to them some comments. He didn’t hear what was said kept his mouth shut to stand with a frown on his face eyeing the three’s lips. He figured he might as well lip read what they were saying. He saw Sun look at him with a frown before putting a hand over her lips as the other two did the same. 
Jinks frowned thinking “I’m wondering how Sun figured out that I could lip read?” 
He continued to stare at the three as fellow students filled into the room doing their stretching and karate all around him. 
Jinks waited as Sun removed her hand and yelled loudly “Line up for drills now!”
He obeyed getting to his familiar spot and did the drills along with the students as ordered by Sun while noticing Sergei doing face sticking in students’ faces which he found himself ignored by the male not doing it to him. Jinks sensed the black belt in the different uniform watching him do the drills by the feeling and senses alerting of that. He kept his mouth shut as Sun ordered the class to line up doing their tournament Kata. He found himself last in line waited till it was his turn did the Kata finding nothing serious wrong with his movements then got back in line waiting among the students. 
Jinks get dismissed by Sun saying “Dismissed Jinks! I’m ordering to go home! You’ve worked out enough!” 
Jinks doesn’t complain about sensing some tiredness hitting him goes to the locker room to change into his usual clothes then goes out to find the driver standing in front of a car door that opens it. 
Jinks gets inside buckling his seatbelt and the driver gets in and says “I have to take another route home to account for heavy traffic.” which Jinks doesn’t complain about figures “I’ll snooze in the car.” 
Jinks falls asleep and wakes up by the driver shaking his shoulder which he gets out and the driver asks him “I’m asking for anything else for driving you elsewhere.” 
He tells the driver “I’ll call you when the need arrives. I’m quite a bit too tired to go out.” 
Jinks go to the apartment to find a manila envelope stuck in his mailbox which he takes out and finds his screen door locked and has to use his powers to get inside while sensing himself filmed by another camera besides the one in his porch. He gets inside locking both doors and puts away the karate stuff along with bag in the closet and keys and wallet in the couch dresser then opens manila envelope.
Jinks wound up seeing it’s a letter saying “We’re requesting Jinks Montreal to show up at a karate tournament in the state for below black belt rank as a member of the audience. Mostly to give support for fellow classmates competing in the tournament and he’s required to wear his school karate uniform but omit wearing any belts. The federation is trying to gauge reaction from the karate world about his presence being at the tournament that is being judged by black belt tournament winners for the competitors competing in it. They want to know people’s reactions to his presence there since the attack that happened to him.” 
Jinks feel he a bit annoyed figures “This talk is a stall tactic on keeping me from competing to earn the black belt I wanted.” 
Jinks heard the phone ringing and see Lizette’s name on it answers the phone and hears her speak “I’m asking Dad if you got the letter from the karate federation.” 
Jinks speak “I’ve got it.” and then blurted “I’m annoyed with the contents thinking it’s a stall tactic to keep me from competing and earning the right to call myself a black belt rank holder after giving me one. I was required to win a tournament to officially earn the belt.” 
He hears a throat clearing noise from Lizette followed by her saying “Dad.” in some pleading tone which he speaks “I’m just itching to prove myself to the karate world that I’m worthy of the black belt. I have my revenge against the other black belt competitors by defeating them in sparring fights in the tournament legally just to prove that I meant business.” 
He hears “Dad.” spoken again in a pleading tone which he speaks asking “Lizette, you’re to speak your mind. You seem to want to tell me something. You aren’t fully saying your mind. I don’t know what it is on your mind.” 
He hears Lizette speak “There’s some rumor going around in the karate world saying someone high up in the Karate federation had some interests in yourself that made it seem like Dad was being a favorite to give support to. Some people thought that the awarding the black belt was proof of it which the black belt competitors didn’t take kindly to it attacked you to as a way of saying that they didn’t appreciate the karate federation’s member’s favorite attitude towards Dad and wasn’t happy about it.” 
He feels himself annoyed hearing that as Lizette continues talking “The rumor has gotten into the karate world’s focused newspapers including the tabloids that their having a field day with it blaring it on their front covers with articles focused on it.” 
He feels himself still annoyed as Lizette keeps talking “The competitors, numerous black belts and lower ranks lodged a complaint to the karate federation about that favorite attitude and threatening legal action for that attitude, including how they punished the ones who attacked Dad yourself by having them stripped of their black belts and banned from competing. They are protesting to that threatening to sue the federation for not being impartial towards competitors and favoring one of them which is what the federation is supposed to be treating competitors’ equality and not favoring one of them. The federation at the moment according to me is treading lightly with this situation that their apparently in trouble at the moment. They are hesitant to have Dad compete in tournaments, fearing that there’ll be another attack done on you by competitors. Their trying to find out what the karate world’s reaction towards you present at tournaments with or without the black belt on. Hence they are insisting that you be there so they can see how people will react to you.” 
Jinks feels himself annoyed doesn’t comment as Lizette adds “It was Tan Lee’s idea to have Dad be at tournaments not competing but as an audience member wearing karate uniform. You seen sometimes wearing a black belt just to see what the karate world’s people will react to you. That rumor and see you up and walking after being knocked down in an attack.” 
Jinks hears silence on the line figures that Lizette wants him to talk speaks “I’ll have a word with that person who started that rumor by personally telling them off that the competitors angry at the federation should have used legal means to get them to get rid of their favored attitude towards me. It would have gotten them to explain why they were favoring me as said by this rumormonger fool. This has me furious to hear about it.” 
He feels himself angry snarls “Thanks to that fool I won’t be able to compete for awhile! I rightfully earn that black belt given to me by the federation! I prove myself worthy of wearing it while competing in tournaments I aims to win period!” 
He feels himself angry breathes hard through his mouth as he hears Lizette speaks “The federation is currently trying to find out who spoke that rumor. Their thinking of hitting that person with legal action for trashing them and getting them in trouble with the karate world. This rumor has them furiously angry about it. Their actual reason for awarding Dad, you a black belt was because you had one as a youngster and proved yourself in sparring fights that you were good enough to have the black belt awarded to you. This news has fallen on deaf ears people not taking their word when they tried to explain their attitude towards Dad yourself.” 
He continues to breathe hard through his mouth hears Lizette add “I have to go! The butler has signaled to me, my boyfriend arrived for a scheduled date! I’ll call again later!”
He hears the dial tone in his ear slams down the phone and feels rage hitting him storms to the basement and attacks the punching bag with everything he got using karate moves on it and ramming himself onto it. Jinks feels himself getting weary but still angry and continues to attack the punching bag till he feels himself sleepy stops and lies his form on the floor feeling too tired to go to his bedroom and shuts his eyes passing out unconscious.

 Only to dream of Lance who tells him “A relative of the black belt you fought in illegal tournament fight, is angry that the black belt was shamed for that and blamed for causing the attack when it was pointed at the federation for doing it. The relative started that rumor. Used the federation giving Jinks a black belt as proof of their words including selling the rumor to the karate focused tabloids for a large sum of money. That had a field day with that rumor that spread all over the karate world and got the federation in trouble. Multiple people believing in that rumor hence you attacked. That rumor isn’t dying down at the moment but is still circulating among the karate world. People are still talking about the rumored story all over the place.” 
Jinks speaks “I’ll personally attend to that fool that spread that rumor by telling them off to consider using legal means to get the federation in trouble instead of saying some rumored lie about me. The rumor has wrecked up my chances for competing in tournaments. It has me furious about including a chance to earn that black belt I was given by the federation.” 
He feels himself angry as Lance gives him glare and points a finger poking him in the chest “Jinks is not to do anything to that rumormonger. I’ve got people personally attending to that person who started that rumor. By exposing them to the karate world and having the federation personally hitting that person with something called a lawsuit for trashing them. I making sure that the person loses in courts for that trashing and making sure that person is humiliated for saying that rumor.” 
Jinks don’t comment as Lance adds “I mean it with my words!” then forces his eyes shut. 
Jinks passes out unconscious to come to by a doorbell ringing noise that gets him up to glare at the clock seeing it’s a noon hour and hears the doorbell continue ringing its noises sighs and darts to the front door after getting out of the basement which he peers through the peephole to find Janel there looking angry by the expression on her face. He yanks open the door to find her just holding her purse by shoulder.
Jinks frowned as she spoke “I demands to be let inside!”
 Jinks doesn’t comment obeys and shut the doors behind her as she stalks into his living room and speaks sounding furious “Our son has pulled some stunts that have me angry. Such as making me think a necklace pendant was from Jinks yourself when it really was from our son. I recently brought the necklace pendant to a jewelry store to get the clasp fixed. I was told that it included some electronic gear inside it after examining the necklace’s pendant. I figured out it was a tracking beacon and realized the jewelry was from our son and not yourself.” 
He doesn’t comment as she adds “I got a hold of Table members’ ear and told them ‘The vessel was Jinks Montreal himself who has expressed an interests in having a relationship with me but is being prevented from having it by my grown children who have used blackmail to get him to back off.” 
He frowns as she adds sounding angry “I recalled that Roosevelt never taught the children the full use of their powers. Jinks, you should use that as leverage against them for their blackmail to pursue myself. Just have the children back off on that.” 
Jinks speak as Janel pauses “You should tell the Table members ‘The blackmail involves the vessel competing in karate tournaments and trying to earn the highest ranking belt awarded.’ 
Our son is the karate federation’s president and has used the position to threaten to do something to myself, having an interest in karate and wanting to compete in tournaments if I pursued the mother Janel herself.” 
He continues to add “Our son Lance Knight gave me ultimatum karate or Janel but not both. I was forced to pick karate just to get our son to get off my back. I sensing that if I picked you, our son would make sure I wouldn’t have a relationship with you at all, regardless of how I pursued you.” 
He hears a disgust sound from Janel as she speaks “Roosevelt did teach the children some things involving their abilities. The ability was an ability to put people to sleep and manipulating them to do things by palm touching their forehead and mentally giving an order. The person would do it after their hand stopped touching them. I keep catching the children gagging each other with their powers whenever their appearing to be angry with each other.
I yelled at them to quit doing it along with yelling at them ‘I’ll tell your father about that and see that he won’t be forthcoming with other power abilities.’ 
Mostly their choking behavior and they in response has retaliated against me yelling them about that by putting me to sleep. It has happened every time I threatened them with talk about having their father not tell them anything about their powers.” 
She adds “I managed to give the children the slip by using a rented car paid cash to get to your home I driving it myself. I have the car parked in the lot near the building. I wouldn’t be surprised that the children will figure out where I went them always finding me at your home after I don’t show up at the appointed hour their expecting me.” 
Jinks speaks “I’ve heard from sources that our son has people spying on you and reporting to him your movements.” Janel interrupts to give a sound of disgust as Jinks added “Our son cut off my access to the internet and kept me from accessing a computer out of my home to get the internet. Our son got phone numbers to Lizette and Janel’s secretary out of service just so I won’t be calling them along with making sure that I’m not to have a cell phone despite given one.” 
He hears the doorbell ring its noises hear Janel speak sounding angry “I bets that it’s the children outside ringing the doorbell!” 
Jinks goes to the door peers through the peephole to find Janel’s hunch is correct ignores the doorbell ringing to go back to her and speaks “Their outside. I’m not letting them in unless they figured out how to unlock doors with their powers. Something I didn’t teach them to do but there’s camera recordings of me doing it to my apartment doors after finding my screen door locked with no way of unlocking it by key. I had to use my powers to get inside.” 
He eyes the door as the doorbell stops ringing to see if open wide as his senses blare warning which he figures that the children have unlocked the door with their powers to find them walking inside with all black eyed glares on their faces and sees Lance Knight wave a hand towards Janel. Jinks catches Janel while seeing her looking like she fainted asleep and figures that his son did that sleeping status onto her again as always. 
Jinks speak as his son comes forwards “I have dropped the karate and will pursue Janel-“ 
Only to get interrupted by Lance Knight “You should keep karate and forget about Janel period.” 
His son takes Janel from him and he mentally wills the Master through to speak with the Master’s voice as the children turn towards the door “You’re to give me a good reason to keep karate after being attacked by people who made it clear that they didn’t want me in karate. The attack is how injured I got. I heard a rumor saying that the attack was provoked. The rumor was the federation favoring me over other competitors that got them in trouble. I demands to know what you children will do about the rumor since the attack is obvious that people don’t want me in karate.” 
He glares at his children who turn towards the door backs to him. 
Jinks wound up waves a hand mentally speaking “I’m ordering paralysis to hit their feet.”
Jinks finds his order obeyed and speaks “You’re not leaving till I gets an explanation to why I should bother keeping karate when it’s obvious that people don’t want me in it.” 
He hears Lance Knight give up a choking sound followed by Lizette speaking hand aimed at her brother “The interests in having our father pursue karate is by Tan Lee having a personal interest in you. Tan Lee who has insisted that our father be kept in karate and allowed to compete in sparring tournaments including a chance to earn the black belt you was awarded. Tan Lee has refused to explain his insisting despite prodded for an explanation.” 
Jinks finds her words the truth speaks “Fine.’ then frees his children by mentally speaking “I’m ordering the paralysis to go away.” and added “I orders you both to leave!”
Jinks hears Lance Knight stop chocking and sees them do and goes to the doors slamming them shut very hard and locking them after they leave.  He feels himself disgusted hitting him wills the Master away from him hears the doorbell ringing feels he annoyed.
Jinks thinking “I’m wondering what the children want now?” to peer through the peep hole to find his driver there.
Jinks yanks open the doors and glares at the Highlander who speaks “I was ordered to take Master Montreal to his karate studio by Lance Knight insisting on it. Master Knight mentions that the karate was for a personal one to one class.” 
Jinks speak sounding annoyed “You driver has to wait while I gets my stuff together.” which the driver says “I’ll wait.” 
He gets his karate bag along with wallet and keys then walks out of the apartment locking the door and follows the driver to the car which takes him to the studio. Jinks goes inside feeling his mood foul to pass by Kui’s office and hears nothing from her. He stomps to his gym room to put on his uniform after changing his clothes and goes to the gym room to spot the familiar male black belt is there along with Sun and Sergei in a whispered conversation. He ignores them to stretch and finds tension going away. Jinks swings himself up and waits. 
Sun spoke “You’re to get your karate sparring gear.” which he says “I didn’t bring that for not having advanced notice on the class happening today with request to bring the gear.” 
He finds his tone is rude as Sergei orders him “You’re to get gear from a corner of the room.” 
Jinks finds the black belt male following him there whom he puts on gear and sees the male doing the same and figures that he’ll fight him. Jinks don’t comment as he goes to the middle of the room and ordered to spar tournament rules to the black belt. Jinks find he becoming very calm and his foul mood evaporating and ordered to fight with Sergei refereeing. Jinks fights knocking the black belt off his feet in quick leg moves before the male could make a move and continues to do that after ordered to fight. The process of knocking the black belt off his feet continues while still finding he oddly calm enough to focus on the fight. 
He hears the black belt whine “I’ve got a complaint of feeling pain from being knocked repeatedly onto the floor. I don’t want to fight anymore.” which he gives up a disgust sound and is ordered “You’re to ditch the gear!” which he obeys and then told “You’re to do the Kata!” by Sun.
 Jinks find he thinking “I’m wondering what her point of having me doing the Kata.” 
Jinks does the Kata fine along with doing the Chuck weapon Kata then finishes tosses the weapon to Sergei. 
Sun he stares at spoke “I order you to go home! There’s nothing more can be taught for you here today!” and add “I expects you at a tournament in Hartford wearing your uniform without the belt to give support to fellow classmates competing in that tournament. You’re to report back to me on how they did competing. I expect a full report.” 
He doesn’t comment and is ordered out which he leaves going to the gym room to put on his clothes and figures that he’ll take a shower once he gets home for not able to do it before leaving to the studio. He finds his driver there and gets into the car only to find himself lying on the car door on the ground and hearing a fire roaring behind him. Jinks see that the car is engulfed in fire and finds the driver lying nearby on the ground looking unconscious. Jinks crawls to feels for breathing and senses the driver is alive but knocked out and hears sirens of emergency crew arriving.
Jinks doesn’t complain as the paramedics examine him but find him fine but say “The driver has to go to the hospital for checking out for some head injury due to his unconscious state.” 
He doesn’t comment as Kui comes into view and says “I’ve called a cab to drive you home on the recommendation of the paramedics.
They say ‘Mister Montreal shouldn’t be doing any physical activities for awhile.’” 
Jinks recalls his karate bag speaks “My uniform is in the car destroyed by the fire. Sensei Sun ordered me to attend a tournament wearing it to give supports to fellow classmates competing in it and report to her on what their results.” 
He hears from Kui “I’ll tell Sun you’re skipping going to the tournament. The paramedics recommended that you stay in bed resting for awhile.” 
Jinks heard an edge in her voice tone that makes him think “Her voice suggests she’s not fully telling me everything.”
 Jinks gets annoyed at her snarls “I want the word out in the karate world I’m competing in sparring in tournaments! I’m aims to foot competitors’ seats in the process! I make sure I win every tournament involving the black belt color! It’s as a lesson that whatever medical stunt they pull onto me I’ll recover and will compete period! I don’t give a care if they don’t want me in karate for I aimed to compete!”
 He glares at Kui who speaks changing the subject “The cab is here.” and points it out which he speaks “My wallet was in the exploded car. I don’t have the money to pay for the cab fare to my home.” 
He glares at her as she speaks “I called a special cab service that takes payments by phone only rattling off credit card numbers as a way of paying them. The cab fare is covered so you should go and leave.” 
Jinks gives off “Harrumph!”
Jinks goes to the cab and it drives him to his home which he gets out and stalks to his home to find his mood foul finding both doors locked which he uses his Master powers to get himself inside while sensing himself filmed by cameras. He gets inside and slams both doors while locking them then darts up the stairs to the bathroom. Jinks dumped his clothes on the floor and hit the bathroom to shower thoroughly then walked out naked after drying himself to go into this bedroom to put on his sweat pants. Jinks find he too riled up to sleep which he figures that he’ll eat something due to sensing he hadn’t eaten that day. Jinks makes a meal of cheese sandwiches making three of them and gobbles them up along with gulping down milk from the carton then puts away the milk in the fridge followed by going to the couch to sit glaring at the TV with arms folded leaning back waiting for night fall which the light gets dim.
Jinks heard the phone ring speaks a rude greeting of saying “The person better have an excuse of calling me at this hour!”
He hears a voice speaking sounding pleading saying “Dad!” he recognizes as Lizette’s voice. 
Lizette adds “I heard about you escaping from your car that exploded in fire and the explosion knocked out the driver who wasn’t in the car.” 
Jinks doesn’t comment gives off a growling sound as Lizette adds “Kui got word to myself and my brother that you ranted to her that you intended to compete in tournaments in the black belt form. You intended to win everything possible and don’t give a care if people don’t like it.” 
He cuts his growling noises to speak as Lizette pauses “I’m competing period! I don’t give a damn whether people don’t like it or not!” 
He pauses to hear Lizette speak “I’m confused on something I want to ask you about how our feet became deadweight when we were in your home.” 
He feels sleepiness that is powerful hangs up the phone and shuts his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious to dream of facing Lance that speaks “Jinks, you shouldn’t be that forthcoming with those abilities to the children. You are needing to use the abilities as leverage against them and their threats including using the opportunity to get them to back off with their nasty attitude towards you.” 
He nods his head finding himself agreeing with Lance’s words finds his eyes forced shut passes out unconscious. 

Jinks wakes up hearing the doorbell ringing along with the phone ringing its noises sighs seeing that the time is ten o’clock in the morning checks the phone to see Lizette’s name on it. 
Jinks ignores it to go to the front door peering through the peephole finding Janel there that makes him feel annoyed thinking “I’m wondering what she wants?” 
Jinks yanks open the doors and she senses she seems angry about something as she snarls “I demands to be let in!” 
He obeys and shuts the doors after her and then stares at her as she drops her purse and puts hands on his abs running her fingers over them and going lower which he figures that she wants to mate with him from his senses telling him that. He doesn’t complain as she adjusts his pants to free his sensitive part from there and feels pleasure from having her hands on him. He kisses her on the lips while running his hands through her hair and then breaks off kiss to lower her onto the floor and lifts up her skirt finding her underwear is flimsy enough to break apart and she releases her hold on him. Jinks enters her and feels himself happy with the mating as he senses her the same while having hands on her hips as she has hands on his shoulders. He sees her eyes close with head up and kisses her neck as he’s thrusting inside her and with a jerk spills himself inside her and mates with her again. He sighs from the mating to keep himself inside Janel and holds her in a hug feeling he much better then with regret pulls out and adjusts his pants to stand up as she stands up. Jinks eyes the doors as if drawn to see them open which he eyes Janel to see she has her clothes back in place and before he could react finds her kissing him on the lips with hands running through his hair to hear a loud throat clearing noise sounding loudly. Jinks breaks off the kiss to glare at his children having all black eyed glares and finds himself catching Janel fainting asleep by Lance Knight’s hand wave. Jinks doesn’t comment as his son takes Janel away from him and walks out of the apartment leaving Lizette there and feels a choking sensation from seeing her hand up in a fist.
This followed by her speaking “I expect you to be forthcoming with power abilities or I and my brother will make your life miserable. My brother has influence in the Master Organization along with the karate federation as well.” 
Jinks wants to talk sees Lizette wave a hand and finds he falling asleep as the choking sensation stops and falls to the floor passing out unconscious.

Jinks wound up to dream of Lance who speaks “The children are desperate to know their power abilities and will try any trick no matter how nasty it is on their father just to get him to admit the abilities and their working means.” 
He feels himself annoyed hearing that as Lance forces his eyes shut and he comes to hearing the phone ringing its noises eyes the clock seeing its six o’clock in the evening sighs. Jinks goes to the phone seeing Lizette’s name there feels rage picks up the phone and doesn’t say anything but breathes hard through his mouth as his anger runs through him. 
He hears Lizette’s voice speaking “I’m asking Dad how you got my feet and brother’s feet to be deadweight?’ 
Jinks angrily roars a nonsense sound into the phone cutting her off and then hears Lizette add “I’m asking Dad what got you riled up?” 
Jinks doesn’t answer hangs up the phone then storms to the basement to attack the punching bag with karate and continues to do it till he feels himself sleepy lies down on the floor and shuts his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks comes to hearing the doorbell ringing eyes the clock to find its six o’clock in the morning gets up and finds his angry mood gone from him. Jinks sighs and goes to the front door to peer through the peep hole finding no one there but does his powers to see a box sitting on the porch. Jinks opens both doors and picks up the box putting it inside then locks both doors which he eyes the box’s address from turning it up from upside down position is from someone named Megumi Takemoto with her address in the complex blared on it. 
He opens the box and finds a note telling him “You’re to rip up the box’s address with my name on it and throw it out. Some Table members have been insisting that peasants not have contact with the vessel and they have backed it up with credible threats. You’re to ripping up the letters included in the package.” 
He finds karate uniform along with a black belt inside and finds another letter saying “Peasant members have been seen hanging around the building housing the vessel’s apartment along with filming him secretly without giving the film to the table members who don’t know of it. The vessel should take walks around the neighborhood and let the peasants have an opportunity to contact him in person while he’s out and about. The vessel titled name of Jinks Montreal should flaunt himself as the Master and vessel of Lance Richard. The vessel should get them to do what he wants them to do as their leader of the Master Organization.” 
Jinks finds himself agreeing with the letters rips them up into tiny pieces and dumps them in the box along with ripping up the box part having Megumi’s address on it. Jinks commits to memory and puts the pieces inside the box. He puts away the karate uniform along with the black belt then goes upstairs to shower and put on clothes along with sneakers then finds himself hungry figures that he’ll eat something. Jinks gobbles up cereal from the box eating nearly all of it then gulps down milk from the carton and finds it nearly empty. He figures to himself that he’ll go shopping for food once the opportunity presents itself. Jinks go out of the apartment to the garbage dumpster and finds himself filmed by a car toy which he tosses out the box and ripped contents then figures that he’ll wander around the complex due to not doing it since he lived there. He notices the car toy is still following him around and wills the Master through to mentally order the toy to cease function and hears a squealing sound followed by the noises cut off. He goes to the car toy and finds it’s not moving from its spot which he picks up and examines then figures that he’ll throw it in the dumpster just to annoy whoever filmed him. Jinks proceeded to do then wander around the complex willing the Master away from him. He spots Megumi’s apartment with a flowered design mailbox next to the door and keeps on walking wandering around meeting no one but senses nothing following him which he feels himself relieved to sense. He continues to walk around till he has explored the entire complex goes to his apartment to find the screen door locked. Jinks uses his powers to unlock it and goes inside and locks both doors after slamming them finding himself annoyed with whoever is locking the doors. 
Jinks sits and feels tired leans back and shuts his eyes to fall asleep and dreams of Lance speaking “You were correct with getting rid of that camera following you. It was Lance Knight who ordered some people loyal to your son in the Master Organization to have you, his Father spied on. That thing was one of their methods which I’m not sure if they’ll use that trick again to spy on you.” 
He frowns as Lance forces his eyes shut and he passes out unconscious to come to hearing the phone ringing glares at it to see Lance Knight’s name on the caller ID lifts up the phone and doesn’t say anything figuring he’s not going to bother talking. 
He hears Lance Knight speak “Dad!” in some pleading tone “I’m asking Dad how he managed to get my feet and sister’s feet deadweight.” 
He doesn’t answer as Lance Knight continues “Some Table member order their dad spied on with some car toy camera that recorded their father flaring black eyes aimed at it. Followed by waving a hand and thing cut its recording along with function which thing was tracked in a dumpster and examined finding nothing seriously wrong with it except shorted out.” 
Jinks speak as his son pause a comment “Not on the phone but in person.” and then hang up the phone. 
Only to see it ringing again finds Lance Knight’s name on the caller ID feels himself not in a talkative mood hears the answering machine come out followed by his son’s voice speaking “Dad with admit the power abilities period or I and my sister will make our father’s life miserable. We expect our father to fully tell us everything period.” 
Jinks picks up the phone and speaks in a tone that sounds rude from memory “I don’t take threats from my own children. I don’t find the threat amusing.” 
Jinks then hangs up on his son and hears the phone ring again followed by the answering machine speaking Lance Knight’s voice saying “Whatever secret father has I’ll find out period and will use whatever method to find out about it.” 
Answering machine ends which he deletes the messages and gets up heading to the basement figuring that he’ll use the punching bag only to find himself going up the stairs to his bedroom and eyes his bed finding himself tired which he figures that he’ll sleep and lies on it shutting his eyes. 

Jinks comes to hearing the doorbell ringing its noises and eyes the clock seeing its six o’clock in the morning groans and gets up heading downstairs to the front door. Jinks peers through the peephole to find Lance Knight and Lizette there flaring all black eyes. Jinks senses that their here to force him to admit certain power abilities wills the Master through to back up and stands in the hallway with arms folded watching and waiting as the doors open followed by his children entering the apartment.
Jinks glares at speaking “What you want? You better have an excuse for waking me up this early hour from a nap.” 
He glares at them as he feels a choking sensation from Lizette using powers on him whom he holds up a hand and mentally orders a shield to block the choking and finds it working and continues to glare at the kids as Lance Knight shuts both doors locking them. 
He glares at the kids as he sees Lizette’s eyes narrow with some look on her face that makes him think “She’s suspicious.” followed by sensing her cutting off her attempts to choke him from the senses cued to it. 
Jinks doesn’t comment as Lance Knight speaks “Dad better admit the deadweight ability to our feet.” as he folds his arms and hears from his son use the words “Or else that we’ll make dad’s life miserable.” 
He finds himself angry feels rage rising within him feels his anger taking control waves hands towards the kids to mentally order paralysis to hit them and sees them collapse onto the floor lying onto it. 
He bents down and places a hand over each children’s foreheads and mentally orders them “You’re to will the Master away. You’re to go home and forget about this confrontation.” 

“Master is what Jinks calls the ability despite thinking of the word ‘Source’ as called it.”

Jinks then straighten up his form willing the paralysis to go away and yanks open the doors to find them not flaring black eyes but looking out of it going out of the apartment and out of sight. Jinks sighs and locks both doors behind him then figures that he’ll go to bed and get some sleep which he wills the Master away from him and goes to his bedroom lying in bed and shuts his eyes. 

Jinks wound up to dream of memories of a kid named Jeffery manipulating him with a lighted candle repeatedly trying to kill him but him surviving the attempts. The dreams he had felt realistic like the kid Jeffery is still alive trying to kill him over and over while he’s contained in his residence either surviving the attempts or getting cloned replaced to take his place. 
Jinks see this assassination of himself as a dream over and over despite Jeffery seen putting a hand onto a clone’s forehead and speaking loudly “You’ll see this as a dream.” 
This is followed by an assassination attempt onto Jinks over and over till a certain night hour of midnight is when Jeffery quits that and disappears into a light show I realized was a Meritanian’s transportation. Jinks comes to hearing the doorbell ringing its noises glares at the clock seeing the time is four hours from the children’s visit gets up and goes downstairs to the doors to peer through finding the children back with flaring black eyes and looking angry. 
He wills the Master through and yanks open the doors to glare at the kids snarling rudely “Your attitude towards me isn’t tolerated! I’m not happy about that at all!” 
He sees Lance hold up a hand and finds himself choking which he wills a shield through to block the choking and senses more choking as he sees Lizette also has a hand up. Jinks find his shield isn’t effective against blocking her despite blocking Lance Knight. He continues to gag wills the shield away and feels sleepiness shuts his eyes feeling himself falling towards the floor and finds as he falls himself caught by Lance Knight from the feel and passes out unconscious. 

Jinks comes to finding himself sitting on the couch leaning back and a hand removes itself from his forehead which he jerks open his eyes finding the Master not in control to see Lance Knight and Lizette still there still having their eyes all black as he feels his wrists having steel on them cuffing them together. 
He doesn’t speak as Lance Knight spoke “I order him to admit how he got the both of us to get our feet deadweight along with making their bodies becoming deadweight. He should talk or else.” 

“Him or he?” writes Brandis who adds “I’m surprised that Lance Knight isn’t using ‘you or your’ for his father, how odd!”

Jinks feels something on his ankles cuffing them together figures that the children cuffed him to keep him from doing any tricks on them. He leans his head back and gets his head yanked forwards by Lance Knight grabbing his hair on top of his head.
 His son speaks “Talk or else!” 
Jinks finds himself angry wills the Master through to feel Lizette’s hand on his forehead and finds the Master willed away from him and find she keeping her hand still on his forehead keeping the Master away despite his attempts to will it through.  He feels rage hitting him allows the emotion through and finds he going unconscious as he gives off a loud roaring sound. 

Jinks comes to find himself on the couch and the children are gone but senses dread hitting him eyes the clock seeing it’s a new day of the time of six o’clock along with sleepiness. Jinks shuts his eyes to dream of himself breaking apart the cuffs and attacking the children who used karate on him to defend themselves but continues to dream of using the Master to order paralysis to hit them followed by them hitting the floor. He dreams of himself punching Lance Knight in the front repeatedly over and over all over the front area including his face then goes to Lizette and punches her on the front. Once done gets up to pick up the children by the arms and hauls them out of the apartment to the porch. Jinks places hands on their foreheads willing the Master away from them along with seeing them get up looking out of it and walk away followed by him going inside locking the doors and sitting on the couch falling asleep. Jinks grimaces from the memory hears the phone ringing wakes up to sees Lizette’s name on the ID answers the phone.
Jinks speak “Jinks Montreal here. I speak an apology. I failed you my daughter.” and becomes silent. 
He hears Lizette speak “I’m recently found out that I’m pregnant.” in some sad pleading voice tone followed by her becoming silent.
Jinks senses that she’s telling the truth speaks “I used paralysis to cause the deadweight. The choking order can be blocked by a shield.” then becomes silent.
Jinks hears crying sounds from Lizette followed by a male voice with an accent that makes him think its Japanese comes onto the line “I’m identifying myself as Lizette’s boyfriend. I know what happened between her and her father. I admit that I mated with Lizette two nights ago recently. She’s really upset about the punching because she could have lost the baby.” 
Jinks doesn’t comment as the male continues “Her brother was examined and discovered that he was already suffering from a medical ailment involving his heart that he had for awhile. Surgery was done on him to fix the problem and without surgery it would have killed him in a matter of days. His wife has managed to use her influence to keep her husband in her care and under her thumb. He has been neglecting her for awhile.” 
Jinks feels tears spill from his eyes as the boyfriend becomes silent speaks “I’m relieved that my son is alright. I’ll apologize to him whenever he calls.” 
He doesn’t say anything further as the boyfriend says “I have to go. Lizette is needs me to care for her. She’s really upset at the moment.” 
He doesn’t comment says “Bye!”
Jinks then hangs up the phone to hear the doorbell ringing its noises sighs to get up and go to the door peering through to find no one there along with no one on the porch despite using his powers. He yanks open both doors and steps out going to the mailbox only to feel pain in his back as he examines the mailbox finding nothing then goes to the front door only to feel another pain in his back which makes him collapse onto the ground feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks come to find he spared of his clothes and only wearing underwear shorts and wrists cuffed above him while in a sagging position sensing himself filmed. He looks around discovering he’s in the cage room to see his son come into view with an all black eyed glare on his face and grimaces as his son has a chain in his gloved hand while dressed in karate uniform. He eyes Lance Knight that goes up to him and strikes him all over the upper body with the chain hitting him hard along with feeling zapping feelings of electricity hitting him from the chain. Jinks feels himself getting angry only to feel the chain hitting stop and as Lance Knight comes into view from behind him and walks towards the cage entrance. 
Jinks will the Master through and speak in the Master’s voice “I’m the Master and vessel. I expect my son to treat me as his father and leader of the Master Organization instead of the nasty attitude he has been displaying.” 
Jinks hears a roar from Lance Knight followed by his son darting towards him and without a warning whips the chain across his face that hits him hard. This tantrum was followed by dropping it and punching him all over his front including his face followed by doing motions of karate with hands, arms, legs and feet all over him. Jinks feel he angry snarls a growling sound and with such force frees he from the manacles to attack his son blocking the karate who continues to attack him. He counterattacks his son’s attack by attacking him back and figures that he’ll have to grab his son by the throat to get his son to stop the attack. Jinks succeeded in doing and find his hold ironclad despite his son trying to free himself with karate. Jinks continues to hold Lance Knight by the throat grabs his son’s hair holding it with a tight grip and forces his son to kneel with head up who continues to struggle in his grips. 
He continues to hold Lance Knight in position who gags out “…I…yield…” 
Jinks senses it’s a lie speaks “That’s a lie and expects my son to tell me the truth period.” 
Jinks continues to hold his son while gagging him further who struggles to breathe despite his ironclad hold on his throat. He hears Lance Knight gag out loudly the name of Niamah which he figures is his son’s wife’s name and sees tears spill from his son’s eyes senses it’s a tactic to get he freed continues to hold his son eyeing him who keeps on struggling against his grip. He senses his son is using the Master Powers against him from his senses blaring along with seeing his son waving his hands towards him and finds that his son’s efforts aren’t working despite him still holding onto him. 
He finds himself floating above his body to see it change into Lance who snarls in an angry voice him hearing “I expect Lance Knight to treat his vessel of me better and change his nasty attitude! I’ll personally have you attended to having something medically permanently done to your walking ability to make you wheelchair bound! I will see this happen period for I can cause it to happen!” 
Jinks continue to watch as Lance scolds Lance Knight for that nasty attitude towards his vessel “I not happy about that attitude! I’m furious to have my vessel treated this way! I don’t want that treatment to continue period!” 
He finds the view becomes black discovers himself back into his body still gagging Lance Knight along with holding his hair. Jinks glares at sees his son will the Master away by the eyes change along with giving off crying sounds and sees a sad look on his son’s face. feels compelled to release him does it to see Lance Knight breathing air deeply by mouth breathing and still crying. Jinks feel sorry for Lance Knight kneels and brings his arms around his son pulling him towards him in a hug and holds him as he continues to cry tears. 
Jinks sensed his son not resisting to the hug by whining out “Daddy!” repeatedly in some sad upset tone and along with words “Daddy not being there for me when he was needed for some problems. I don’t want my father to leave me again for I badly need him.”
He doesn’t comment continues to hold Lance Knight who stops talking and his wailing noises to become silent. Jinks senses his son has fallen asleep by the senses alerting him of that continues to hold his son. Jinks hears a dart gun going off followed by stinging pain in the back with sleepiness hitting him lays his form onto the floor while still holding a sleeping Lance Knight and shuts his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks comes to feeling an irritation hitting him jerks open his eyes to discover he’s in a room that looks like a hotel room from the looks of it. Jinks feels the need to hit the bathroom which he gets up darting inside it and uses it then walks out to look around the room discovering his duffle bag in an armchair. 
Jinks went to look in finding a fresh pair of clothes along with his karate uniform and a note detailing “You are to get to the tournament happening later today at a location in the city at a certain time frame. Your wear your karate uniform and not compete but just sit around and give support to fellow classmates competing.” 
Jinks doesn’t comment sighs to eye the clock on the wall finding he has time to eat orders food to be brought to him via phone which comes via maid pushing a cart and she stays watching him eat the food. Jinks finds himself terribly hungry eats all of it then lets her leave pushing the cart out. He goes into the bathroom to shower and then gets into the karate uniform then puts on his shoes and leaves the room recalling the tournament competition. Jinks find the karate tournament walking distance from the hotel which he goes to and finds people standing around wearing uniforms chattering. Jinks noticed some of them looking in his direction with some range of emotions on their faces along with recognition. Jinks enters the tournament room to find a seat to sit down and watches the tournament while noticing people looking in his direction with various emotions on their faces. 
This makes him think “I wonder if this is related to Lizette’s talk or something else.” 
He senses himself filmed with cameras flashing in his direction. He sits watching the tournament to see some of the people are wearing uniforms as his while competing and eyes them figuring out that he should do it. He continues to watch and feels someone sit down next to him followed by a tap on his shoulder. 
Jinks looked to see its Megumi who speak “There’s a story going around that Tan Lee had an angry fit in front of a newspaper reporter when asked for comments about the rumor saying about the federation favoring Jinks Montreal.” She names. 
“Tan Lee yelled at the reporter saying ‘I was responsible for the favoring!’ He telling the federation about having a personal interest in Jinks including being responsible for insisting on the federation to award him a black belt. 
That included with yelling ‘Jinks had earned one as youngster!’ 
“The federation according to Tan Lee acted on his recommendation awarding Jinks the black belt. Tan Lee was furious to find out that someone spread some lie about Jinks causing him to be attacked. He’s not happy about that.” 
Jinks frowns hearing that as Megumi continues to talk “There’s another story going around that Tan Lee figured out who spread the rumor about the federation favoring you. Tan Lee confronted the person some female in the audience during a tournament. He got into a loud argument with her which it was recorded by a newspaper reporter nearby along with people eavesdropping on the argument. The female admitted the rumor starting. 
Tan Lee told her off ‘You could have used legal means to get the federation humiliated!’ 
“Now that they’ll see that she’s humiliated for that rumor stunt she pulled through legal means. She was identified as a lower belt rank champion in the Kata and turned out to be a relative of the black belt Jinks fought in an unauthorized fight at a tournament months back.” 
He doesn’t comment as Megumi becomes silent eyes the tournament which he figures he’ll do the same continues to watch. Jinks feels himself itching to fight sparring as the competitors fight it on the floor and moves a lot in the chair while eyeing the fighters. 
He gets so restless gets a tap on his shoulder and hears Megumi’s voice speaking “You should leave and take a walk sensing your mood from observing you. I figures that the walk should help you feel better.” 
Jinks doesn’t comment gets up immediately and walks out of the tournament while sensing himself filmed along with cameras flashing nearby him. He walks out to take a walk around the city sensing the filming on and off. Jinks reaches the hotel and goes inside going to his hotel room and uses his powers to unlock the door while sensing nothing to indicate him being filmed. Jinks walks inside to halt shutting the door seeing Janel sitting in an armchair with a suitcase next to her.
She stands up speaking “I’ve been waiting for you for awhile. I gave the kids the slip and used a disguise. I wound up bribing the hotel lobby clerk to let me inside. I had Jinks’ room changed. It’s from the moment I heard from contacts in the Master Organization loyal to me that you were in the hotel. They did that while you were out unconscious asleep to transport you to the new room. They used an alias for that new hotel room that the old room was underneath your name.” 
He doesn’t comment but feels himself happy about that stares at her and strips himself of his clothing and shoes leaving them piled on the floor and once naked stares at her looking him up and down with approval in her eyes. 
He hears Janel speak “The kids don’t know what their missing keeping us apart.” 
Jinks nods his head agreeing with that and watches as Janel strips herself of her clothes and shoes then goes up to her. Once naked to kiss her on the lips rubbing hands through her hair massaging her scalp and feels her hands on his abs massaging him there. 
He breaks off the kiss to lift her up and carry her to the bed laying her form on it then speaks “You had your turn touching me which it’s my turn now.” 
He kisses her from the neck to down to her navel and doesn’t spare her chest along with touching her there with his hands then lays his form on top of her while entering her. Jinks sighs from the feel of Janel’s private surrounding his sensitive part as he is inside her. He thrusts inside Janel while kissing her on the neck as she raises her head baring it. Jinks continue to feel charges of pleasure hitting him each time he enters her. He feels himself still hard again thrusts inside her as she lies limply underneath him while hearing her gasp loudly and again spills he inside her. He keeps his form on top of Janel and brings his mouth to her mouth kissing her on the lips as she gets her head in position for him to do it. He feels her hands running through his hair yanking the strands. Jinks continue to kiss her and break it off to hug her. His cheek touching her cheek and feeling himself satisfied with having her in his arms.  He kisses her on the cheek then with regret pulls out and lays his form next to her cuddling her in his arms while tossing aside the blanket to cover them. Jinks wound up sees that she has fallen asleep sighs and figures that he’ll do the same as well. 
He shuts his eyes and dreams of Lance who tells him “The kids figured out Janel’s trick. The employees who transferred them were a member of the Master Organization loyal to you from seeing you as a vessel. They figuring out that he wanted a relationship with Janel despite some people opposing it. The employees in question has a reverence attitude towards you seeing whatever he wants he gets period without question. They have done that by agreeing to go along with Janel’s trick.” 
Jinks frown hearing that as Lance continues talking “The employees have gone along with the trick but I’m not sure if they’ll keep their mouth shut to the kids as in keeping them from finding out what room you and their mother is in. The kids at the moment have checked into a room that is farthest away from you and Janel. Both should be able to slip out without the kids seeing you or catching you in the act.” 
Jinks nods his head and hears Lance add “You have to wake up and tell Janel that you should leave the hotel and go your separate ways. I suspiciously am thinking that the kids have figured out Janel’s trick and will try to catch you in the act.” 
He gets his eyes forced shut wakes up with Janel cuddling him kisses her awake and speaks “The Master warned me that the kids figured out her trick but isn’t sure if the employees part of the Master Organization are loyal to me would keep their mouths shut about the hotel room we’re in.” 
He sees Janel get it his talk which he adds “We’ll have to leave the hotel and go to our homes just to avoid the kids catching us there.” 
He gets no comment from Janel gets up as she gets up and changes into his clothes from his duffle bag while putting away his karate uniform and puts on his sneakers along with brushing his hair neatly with hairbrush found in the bag. He eyes Janel to see she putting on a bagged dress with flat heels and an African American wig along with dolling up her face with heavy colorful make up.
Janel says “I’m ready to leave!” 
She says “Jinks, you have to leave by the room number.” she speaks it “You to make it seem like you was in there.” 
Jinks grabs his duffle bag and takes it out of the room and finds the room number sensing nothing to indicate him being followed or filmed then walks out taking the stairwell route to the lobby. Jinks goes to the checkout desk to see Janel is there writing out her checkout form which he waits then she goes by him not looking at him. 
He goes to the checkout desk and speaks “My name of Jinks Montreal.” and saying “I’m checking out.” which the clerk says “I have to make a phone call first before granting your checkout status.” 
He doesn’t comment as the male calls on the phone speaking “The person of interests is in the lobby waiting to checkout.” 
He waits as the clerk says “Someone expressed interests in Mister Montreal himself and was waiting for news of him checking out.” 
Jinks doesn’t comment figures “It’s the kids.” and frowns only seeing Lance Knight coming into the room with a glare on his face while wearing a suit with a shirt and a tie that walk up to him and says “I’m filling out the forms for checkout for you.” 
Jinks don’t comment waits as Lance Knight does it then spoken “I ordered you to come outside for the limo to take them to your home in Wethersfield.” 
He doesn’t say anything as he stands outside waiting as the car a limo arrives and a familiar Highlander driver comes out opening the doors for him to get in “I orders you to get inside!” which he does with Lance Knight following. 
He doesn’t comment once inside he sits frowning as Lance Knight speaks “The clerk gave clear details to the room number Dad and Mom stayed in. I didn’t do any interference. Dad did me a favor getting me hospitalized which my heart was discovered having a very serious fatal like medical condition that required emergency surgery. For without the surgery it’ll be a short time like a week before the medical condition became fatal enough to kill me off. I repaid the debt by letting Dad have a private moment with Mom. I don’t expect anything else like that to happen again unless I owed a life saving debt to either of them then I’ll repay it by letting them get together for a private moment and the location doesn’t matter where.” 
 Jinks keeps his mouth shut feeling compelled to not to talk and continues to hear Lance Knight add “I’ll inform Mom of that debt payment once I gets a hold of her. She didn’t bring her cell phone with her. I have to wait till she shows up at my home to meet my children at a later appointed hour and eats dinner with us.” 
He says the commentary “Thank you.”
Jinks then clamps his mouth shut to look out the window and hears Lance Knight speak “I should be thanking Dad for that instead.” and feels his son’s hand on his shoulder gently squeezing. 
Jinks sighs and speaks “I’m asking about the heart condition and why you have it.” 
He hears from Lance Knight “Mom after being told of my heart problem. The doctors asking her about family history in my presence recalled some history of heart problems with family members and relatives in her family. Just prior to them killed off by the USA transfer to Shadan. She like the scientists discovered that the low amount of oxygen during the transfer caused many people to suffocate to death. People were suffering from drowning from water getting over their bodies as they lay unconscious on the ground. Earth was attacked just prior to the transfer by various space ships firing onto them causing fire damage. Building damage that fell apart like bombs causing explosions that took out various numbers of people. People trapped in burning buildings and couldn’t get out that the escape route was blocked. The transfer and attack caused a high number of deaths leaving the population at the time dwindled down from three hundred million total counted at the time to one hundred million. The survivors had bodies of the dead recorded for their records then cremated. Burial wouldn’t be possible because of cemeteries suffering damage and the ground back then wasn’t suitable for burial till recently. Cremation of the dead is still ongoing with ashes scattered in the ocean. There’s select few that have chosen to have their bodies buried in the ground either in coffins or just a full body burial for the elements of nature to decompose their bodies. There’s a majority of people who have signed up for having their organs donated to people who suffer medical conditions. The people need them to live after they passed away from any medical condition.” 
He doesn’t comment as Lance Knight becomes silent and senses his son’s hand off his shoulder and continues to eye out the window as the limo drives out of the city to Wethersfield taking a highway route to there. 
Once arriving to his home “I reminded you of the debt that you paid for Dad to have a moment with Mom.” Lance Knight adds “The moment for Dad to have with Mom will only happen if either one of them does me and my sister a favor medically.” 
Jinks doesn’t comment nods his head aimed at his son then gets out carrying his bag and walks to the door finding an envelope stuck in his mailbox takes it out. Jinks senses its carrying keys in a keychain to his apartment opens it and finds his hunch correct. Jinks uses to unlock the apartment door and locks both doors after getting inside. Jinks sighs and put away the duffle bag and puts the keys in the couch dresser but yanks out the clothes he wore previously goes upstairs to dump them in the laundry machine. Jinks wound up finding the laundry machine empty of clothes which he sighs and sniffs his nose sensing something funny about his apartment. Jinks looks around and eyes the floor seeing that the rugged floor looks like someone vacuumed it by the imprint in it. He goes into his bedroom to find his bed freshly made along with his clothes that were in the laundry machine before the ones he just put in folded on the bed and realizes that someone did some cleaning in his apartment cleaning it up. He sighs and puts away the fresh clothes then wanders downstairs to look in the living room again seeing the carpet imprint is the same. He spots an unlabeled box on top of one of the couch dresser then rips the box open to discover a new wallet along with an ID card identifying him that looks like the picture and card is recent. Jinks sighs and looks in the wallet finding a card that looks like a credit card to his name. 
He finds a note in the box in Lizette’s handwriting saying “The credit card has a monthly stipend of five hundred dollars total from an account set up in your name by the Master Organization with members free to donate any price payments they want. There are stores in town and nearby Rocky Hill where you can shop for items needed in the apartment. You needed to use the credit card for purchasing the items. Some of the stores don’t accept hand print for purchasing items.” 
He continues to read “There are some nice restaurants in town where you can go out to eat. Along with visiting the local library to read their newspapers including seeing on purchasing a book their selling off in their bookshelf that they set aside. The library like the restaurants will only accept credit card purchases period.” 
Jinks frowns to put the wallet in the couch dresser and goes to the kitchen to peer into the refrigerator to find it filled up with food including old food cartons that were nearly empty taken out. Jinks eyes the closet to the garbage and peers in finding nothing in the can figures that the cleaning service threw it out for him. Jinks goes to sit down and sighs feeling himself happy and spies the phone frowning on when he can call Lizette. Jinks wound up to not knowing her phone number and thank her for the cleaning service which he figured was responsible for that along with the wallet and keys.  He sits staring at the phone to see it ringing its noises and sees the caller ID is Lizette. 
Jinks picks up speaking “Jinks Montreal name along with the word “Speaking!” and hears Lizette’s voice come onto the line saying “Dad, my boyfriend asked me to marry him. I want to be married as soon as possible. My expectant status and single would cause unwanted attention towards the boyfriend’s father. He got out of being in a scandal pointed as the one who ordered Papa Roosevelt poisoned to death. Some argument involving donating money for Dad to wake up from his forced sleep. There’s a rumor going around in the Master Organization that the boyfriend’s father was a Table member who got thrown out after the scandal broke. He hasn’t confirmed or denied doing the poisoning. My boyfriend told me that his father didn’t do it but someone else in the group did it. His father has indicated that he knows who did the poisoning and is taking the blame for it. Some reason that this person who did the poisoning would suffer terribly losing everything they worked hard to earn in their life and go to jail for it.” 
Jinks frown hearing that as Lizette keeps talking “The boyfriend’s father hasn’t done anything towards his son having interests in myself to have a relationship with me. He stayed out of the courtship even kept quiet about it till we went public with it at some publicized charity event for karate months back. The press hasn’t had a field day with our relationship but the presses have been keeping our relationship under close eye. They waiting for anything to cause a scandal and have a field day about it. It’s judging from the press having paparazzi hanging around whenever we’re together.” 
He speaks as she pauses “I’m not condemning the relationship but recalls a ritual of the father giving away the bride at weddings. I asks if you have someone in mind to give you away for the wedding ceremony to happen soon.” which he hears her speak “I and my boyfriend are simply going to a courthouse to ask a specialized judge to marry us with my brother and his wife as witnesses to it. This happening as soon as we can arrange time to go there. Then fill out the necessary documents then spread the word to the news affiliates that we married. I’m expecting our first child together.” 
Jinks sighs and speaks “I’m asking how your brother got married to his wife.” which he hears he speak “The marriage was through a specialized judge at a city courthouse with Papa there as witness. My brother later had a wedding ceremony in one of the Master Organization’s worship churches soon after he graduated from High School. Just to make publicity for his marriage to his wife females repeatedly hitting onto him whenever he’s in tournaments competing. Them not realizing that he was already married and them not believing him when he said that he was married.” 
Jinks frown as Lizette becomes silent which he speaks “I’m asking what’s up with a married by judge instead of a wedding which would publicize you married. You’re to prove an explanation to your pregnancy’s status.” 
He frowns as she speaks “We’re already in the public eye due. My boyfriend’s father and I competing in tournaments and winning undefeated including winning the highest title of a black belt could win for females. We don’t want publicity for us getting married. It’s something we want to have privately hence having a judge marrying us instead of a wedding.” 
Jinks doesn’t comment but hears silence on the line speaks “I’m asking if there’s anything I could help in payment for feeling like needing to help you with something related to your previous visit with your brother. You both asking about some things about me and I reacting negatively towards that.” 
He hears from Lizette “It got out in the Master Organization at a Table meeting with me there that Dad used my brother as a punching bag. Then did the same to me and I turned out expecting. My boyfriend was present at the meeting said that he mated with me days prior to the attack. It’s the truth from my brother there backing that up because he saw us doing it in my room when he went to confront me on calling Dad. I not was sharing the call and its contents with him. He had to find out from someone else.” 
He exhales a breath and speaks “I’m sorry for being dumb enough to punch my own daughter when it’s stupid of me to do it. I’m not sure what I’m going to do if you lose the baby. How to prevent other male members from doing punching to their daughters thinking since I did it they should copy me.” 
He pauses to hear a groan sound from Lizette followed by her speaking “The Table members have managed to keep a lid on that with making sure that Scotland be the third party that listens on to phone calls between you and whoever you talks to on the phone at your home. Scotland so far hasn’t said anything of the phone’s contents to members. Only shared it with my brother and myself and has balked other members’ request for listening on the recordings they make with the phone calls.” 
Jinks frowns but speaks as she pauses “I’m asking about my home having recording devices seeing something like that on my porch ceiling.” 
He frowns further as Lizette speaks “That isn’t part of Scotland’s job to keep recording records of your moments but the peasants have been known to do it to my brother when it got out that he had facial appearance of the Master himself. The peasants are doing it to Dad. Rumor going around that there’s a recording of Dad changing into the Master and indicated that he’s the vessel by displaying the eye and form change. Something my brother displayed with his eyes but hasn’t changed into the Master as proof of him being the vessel.” 
He doesn’t comment as Lizette adds “I’ll think of something if I lose the baby.” which he speaks as she pauses “I’m willing to pay the price for its wrong of me to do it and ruined your life in the process.” 
He clamps his mouth shut as she speaks “I’m not sure if I can carry the baby to full term. Mom admitted recalling to being told of female family members and ancestors in the family having history of miscarriages whenever they get pregnant for the first time. They losing the baby which Mom are worried that this will be passed down to me.” 
Jinks groaned loudly hearing that speaks “If you lose the baby I don’t know how I’ll react to that. Losing a kid is painful to experience for I lost one to death once. I don’t want to experience it again.” 
Jinks exhales a breath as Lizette spoke “I ask you to explain that losing a kid to death remark.” which he speaks “I’m talking about Jeffery a kid twenty years ago I was given guardianship with having special power abilities like myself that didn’t have any family coming forwards to claim him. The death of his father said to kill himself throwing himself out high raised window hitting the ground head first. The kid later admitted to being bullied in school and drove him to hang himself. I caught too late seeing the kid hanging. He later died at the hospital that broke my heart and made me very angry and upset about it. I managed to get over the death enough to accept it.” 
He pauses as Lizette speaks “The butler has signaled my boyfriend is here. I have to go now but I’ll call again later.” 
He hears an edge in her voice tone figures “There’s something left unsaid.” 
This was followed by the dial tone sounding in his ear which he eyes the clock seeing it’s a late afternoon hour around five o’clock. Jinks hangs up the phone sighing loudly he sits down and grabs the remote control to turn on the TV flicking through the TV channels. Only watching what’s interesting till he comes upon a channel showing he wearing a karate uniform walking which he focuses on. The camera view to change to show he sitting down watching the competition while hearing the reporter comment commentary.
“Jinks Montreal recovered from his attack from the way he walked in people’s presence and didn’t look like he suffered injuries to it.” He hears.
He continues to watch as the camera focuses on he squirming in his chair very visibly watching the sparring competition. Jinks notices the look on his face is some look of calm to him along with Megumi in view tapping him on the shoulder. Megumi seen talking to him words unsaid then he get up and leave out of camera view. 
The camera changes to a reporter interviewing Megumi “What do you observed about Jinks Montreal’s reaction to the sparring fighting and his chair squirming?” which she says “He’s displaying the same behavior noticed among sparring competitors sitting around while recovering from some medical injury to their body. Its reason is because he like those people wants to spar fight in tournaments so badly but can’t do it. The behavior is something preventing them from doing the fighting. I’ve seen this behavior too many times among competitors recovering from injuries over the years. This including experiencing it myself when I was out with an ankle injury. The doctor told me to refrain from competing till it healed up or make the injury worse off.”  
Jinks frowns hearing that as Megumi adds “I told Jinks about a rumored story related to Tan Lee and his reaction to a reporter telling him of a rumor said about Jinks being favored by the karate federation that caused an attack.” 
He frowns as she gets asked “What’s Jinks Montreal’s reaction for that story?” which she speaks “The reaction was he was him appearing to accept it from what I could tell because he didn’t display anything to indicate any negative reaction to my talk. He was stone faced when I told him of the talk.” 
He continues to frown as the scene changes to show a red belt wearing a uniform of his karate studio standing holding a two colored belt in his hands while appearing to be posing for pictures.
Jinks heard a voice over says identifying the red belt by name and “His studio is Sun Dragon for winning the sparring competition and earning the right to compete in a two colored belt ranked tournament for the win and getting the belt for winning.” 
He feels a little happy but feels himself annoyed that he hasn’t had a chance to compete in sparring and is feeling like wanting to do it.  He continues to watch the TV as it flicks to show the winners for the Kata, weapons of adults age group age twenty to thirty with sparring. Kids mostly teenagers without sparring with the people appearing to be posing for pictures while some are holding belts in their hands and some are holding trophies in their hands. Jinks feels himself disgusted that he’s not competing gets annoyed with the TV’s broadcast to turn it off with a remote and puts the thing on the couch dresser before. Jinks getting up to storm into the basement to practice karate doing his Kata and drills along with stretching exercises. Jinks then uses karate on the punching bag till he feels weary eyes the clock to see its around seven thirty in the evening and figures that he’ll stop and go to bed. He walks out of the basement heading to the stairs and goes up to the bathroom to shower. Jinks figures he needs it while dumping his clothes in the laundry machine then showers and walks out naked to go to the bedroom to find his sweatpants sitting on his pillow. Jinks puts on and pulls the blankets back then lies on the bed staring at the ceiling till the phone rings its noises sighs. 
Jinks picked the phone up speaking his name and saying the word “Jinks Montreal speaking.” 
He hears Lance Knight’s voice on the line “I asking you about the cleaning done on your apartment as ordered by my.” 
Jinks frowns hearing says “Its ok.” but “I ask about how bad Lizette was hurt when I punched her. She called me to say that she was pregnant something I didn’t know when I attacked her.” 
He hears a groan noise on the line followed by his son speaking “Lizette suffered bruises to her body that is painful. She admitted to me that she found out that she was pregnant before the attack. She didn’t get a chance to admit that pregnancy to me. Her boyfriend was told of that when she was being tested in the hospital for further injuries. She wound up told of that mostly after arriving the hospital by Dad ordering them to do that testing. She balked the doctor’s attempts to give her pain medication by saying that she was pregnant. They did a through test on her and confirmed the pregnancy. Along with ordering her to stay in the hospital for bed rest for the entire pregnancy being aware of her mother admitting of having a history of family members and ancestors having miscarriages after getting pregnant the first time. Something the hospital wants to keep a close eye on her having the medical technology to help her carry the baby to full term. Hence they ordering her to stay in the hospital for the entire time she carries the baby.” 
He frowns as Lance Knight adds “Her boyfriend asked the Master Organization to send a priest to marry him to Lizette while she was in the hospital. Noticing a gaggle of paparazzi hanging around outside and have someone bring a marriage license to make it official. This happened earlier today with me and my wife there as witnesses while my mother entertained the kids. It was my scheduled weekly date night with my wife.” 
Jinks frowns as his son continued “After the marriage ceremony someone gave me a tape of Dad attending a tournament. I viewed along with some female identified as Megumi Takemoto sitting next to you talking without any of the recording picking up her words. The person recording the scene managed to get a hold of her and asked her to say what she said to Dad to the camera. 
She balked telling the camera person ‘You’re to get lost!’ and walked away. 
The person was identified as a reporter for a tabloid who does freelance work on the side for other news related affiliates.” 
Jinks keeps his mouth shut as Lance Knight continues to talk “Someone with a Highlander accent called my cell phone and told me the entire contents of Megumi’s talk to our Dad in some summary then hung up without giving identification. I figure its Scotland doing it.” 
Jinks heard silence on the line speaks “I really want to make up something for Lizette for my punching her. I not am realizing that she was pregnant just to help her stop feeling so upset about the incident. I show that I really am sorry for that along with doing something for Lance Knight yourself for that as well.” 
He frowns as Lance Knight speaks “Its unnecessary for doing something for me. For you already paid for it. I think you already did that paying to my sister. You admitting on the phone something related to certain abilities we were trying to get from you. I heard a recording of it and reminded Lizette of the contents once she calmed down from being upset. She seems to have accepted that as payment.” 
Jinks frown forming it on his lips as Lance Knight becomes silent which he speaks “I’m asking.” in a polite tone “For the reason for my son’s words after having some kind of breakdown in front of me. You having an angry attitude towards me which a certain somebody had to interfere and yell at you for that rudeness.” 
He hears nothing from Lance Knight but groaning noises followed by his son speaking “I was aware at an early age old enough to understand that my father wasn’t Roosevelt.” he names “Long before my mother told me of that. I didn’t feel any father/son connection with Dad like Lizette admitted to it. My breakdown words was that Roosevelt I again names wasn’t that fatherly towards me like I wanted whenever I was in trouble or having a crisis leaving me wanting someone to father me over the years. That feeling led me to allow my wife to have her way with me sexually. She wound up expecting as a result. Papa I refers to Roosevelt insisted that I marry her. She fulfilled some needs I had wanted in his life hence I still married to her and having other children with her.” 
Jinks sighs softly as Lance Knight adds “My angry attitude was because of the wanting someone to father me. I upset that Dad wasn’t around to give me what I wanted. Not getting it from Papa. Papa was more interested in having a political career and a status in the Master Organization than being fatherly towards me. He including using me as the Master to improve his status in the group something my mother argued with too long over awhile. This happened when it was apparent that I had facial appearance as the Master himself. I’ve heard from some Table members recently that Papa opposed them very verbally on having Dad freed from the Zesky hospital when it was apparent his forced sleep was finished.” 
Jinks frown hearing that as Lance Knight continues to talk “Someone sent me a recording of my mother talking to someone admitting that Papa wanted to use me as the Master in the organization underneath his thumb. He didn’t want anything to interfere with his plans of that including keeping Dad asleep in the Zesky hospital. A Table member admitted to me that another member admitted to poisoning Papa’s drink. He died from it and the member was later thrown out with another member taking the responsibility for the poisoning also thrown out too.” 
He keeps his mouth shut as Lance Knight adds “The Table members have balked saying who did the poisoning. Someone in the Royals group a relative of a Table member told him that the balking was that they didn’t want me to retaliate against the member for poisoning Papa. They sensing that I would do it anyway.” 
 Jinks doesn’t comment as he gets a clear image of Megumi in his mind frowns as the image goes away as Lance Knight adds “I have to go for my wife wants me to help put the kids to bed who want their father to read a story book to them.” 
Jinks say “Fine but expects further phone calls from me.” then his son says “Ok. Bye!” 
Jinks then hangs up which he hangs up the phone and eyes the clock seeing that he might as well go to sleep that it’s dark enough with night vision flaring in his eyes sight. He sighs and yanks the blanket up his chest and reaches over the alarm to set it for eight o’clock in the morning thinking that nine o’clock is quite too late for a wake up. He lies on his side and shuts his eyes passing out unconscious to dream of facing Lance.
Lance speaks “From what I observed from people is that Lizette’s boyfriend’s father has a personal interest in the one who poisoned Roosevelt. Hence he taking blame for it. This suggests that the one who did it is a female but I’m not sure who it is.” 
He frowns as Lance adds “I’m pointing the finger at Megumi Takemoto for the poisoning. You possessing her several times to yell at Roosevelt whenever he trashes Jinks Montreal to the Table members including defending you to them as well. I suspect that the poison was some kind of Highlander drug remedy to help with breathing. Roosevelt was actually deathly allergic to one of the drug’s contents that caused his heart attack killing him.” 
Jinks frown hearing that as Lance continues to add “I’m not sure why the person isn’t admitting to the deed to you. You being a vessel of me and I suspects that the balking is because you are being recorded wherever you goes. Along with spied on by various people that is not only the Master Organization doing it but by another group. I think is Scotland. I have noticed that some other people not related to either group is spying on you as well. I’m not sure what their purpose is.” 
Jinks opens his mouth to talk and gets his eyes forced shut as Lance looks away from him towards the water with a glare on his face which he passes out unconscious. 

“That glare at the water seems to indicate the Meritanians to Me.” writes Brandis.

Jinks come to hearing the phone ringing groans to eye the clock seeing its six o’clock in the morning grabs the phone. 
Jinks speaks some comment “The person better have a good excuse for waking me up this early or I’m hanging up.” 
He hears a familiar voice on the phone saying “This is Lance Knight.” with pleading in the voice and saying “Lizette had a crisis with the baby almost had a miscarriage. The doctors managed to stop with their powerful medicine given to her but she’s in a coma. The baby is detected growing inside her. Abdomen getting bigger after checking her out and this crisis started at midnight. Her husband called me at five thirty am to report of it. I’m reporting it to you at the moment.” 
He frowns as Lance Knight continues to add “The husband told me that Lizette’s pregnant’s status at the moment is baffling doctors who are confused about it. This included with having a Highlander scan her mind. 
The Highlander says ‘She’s aware of things going on around by some astral ghost projected state along with being aware of her pregnancy status.’ 
The Highlander couldn’t get a bead on how she’s feeling at the moment but could only tell from scans that she doesn’t know the answer to the fast pregnancy hitting either.” 
He continues to listen as his son adds “The hospital might publicize the pregnancy once they figure out what caused it. They wound up recreating it to other females recently getting pregnant including using Lizette’s identity as the one that got the doctors to accidentally get a new way for females to carry the baby. I suspect that the press will have a field day with this.” 
Jinks hears his son groan before adding “Lizette at the moment according to her husband is in her three week baby gestation period that was detected at three o’clock by a nurse putting a hand on her abdomen while Lizette was out unconscious. The nurse sensed something not right threw Lizette in tests. They discovered this situation and don’t know what to make of it. They have her monitored the Zesky hospital mysteriously got a hold of Lizette’s doctor. They mentioned something of some Humanoid race living around having pregnancies that are faster than Humans. They were saying that Lizette might have something of that species in her. The hospital and Zesky hospital are both monitoring her. The Zesky hospital recommended she remain where she is and not be moved. The Zesky hospital according to me isn’t sure if Lizette has part of that species in her. They not able to test her fully by her pregnant status hence they sent a nurse specialized in that area to monitor Lizette for them while she’s still at the hospital with baby growing inside her.” 
Jinks frown as Lance Knight continues “My wife had normal pregnancies. I was already tested by the Zesky hospital who found I’m fully human. They noticed some thing else such as me having very strong strength than normal Human standards. Mostly by my weightlifting tests they did on me. I was noticing the ability to break wooden boards easily without any effort or suffering pain over the years I took karate including having some ability to heal from injuries by sleeping it off.” 
Jinks frown as his son becomes silent which he recalls Lance Knight having a heart condition speaks ‘I’m asking about the heart condition remembering myself shot in the heart and sleeping it off in some coma. I want to know why my son has a heart condition that needed surgery for it despite a family history of it.” 
He frowns as his son speaks “The doctor did a through test on me and figured out that the heart condition is hereditary. They tested my mother. They discovered something that indicated an operation done on her heart. She says she doesn’t remember it happening to her. The doctor thinks she was born with a heart condition and had surgery as a baby. She not remembering it and a Highlander scanning her mind has indicated that was what happened to her. The Highlander seeing memories in her mind that suggested the operation as a baby seeing repeated operations happening before she was three years old. The Highlanders from first contact has indicated that Humans can only easily remember things from age three and beyond but not before that age.”  
Lance Knight added “I’ll call again later with news on Lizette once her husband calls me. I tell you to keep up your normal day routine just to keep yourself busy while waiting for news.” 
Jinks doesn’t say a word as his son hangs up saying “Bye!” 
Jinks then he hangs up the phone and figures that he’ll go back to sleep shuts his eyes passing out unconscious.

Only to hear the alarm clock blaring its noises which he glares at to see its eight o’clock in the morning same day as today adjusts it for ten am and shuts his eyes only to get a realistic dream of Lance gagging him and insisting that he get up period. Jinks wakes up and kills the alarm clock’s alarm status then gets up and gets dressed followed by going downstairs to the kitchen to cook breakfast of pancakes. 
Jinks mentally spoke “I thank my mother and school for teaching me how to cook.”
Jinks then once done cooking ate the food along with drinking from the orange juice carton. Jinks don’t care if the carton drinking is not a good thing. He stuffs the dishes in the dishwasher then puts away the carton in the fridge and then goes to sit on the couch frowning on what to do while waiting for news on Lizette.  He eyes the clock seeing it’s an hour since his getting up hears the phone ringing picks it up speaking his name and speaking.
Jinks hear Lance Knight’s voice on the line saying “The hospital upgraded Lizette’s carrying pregnancy’s condition to fourth week of gestation. She’s still in a coma with no change of waking up from it or indicating that she’ll wake up before the baby is born.” 
He doesn’t comment as his son adds “Her husband called me with the news and I’m calling you with that news.” 
He speaks “I’m not going out anywhere today-“only to get interrupted by Lance Knight saying “Dad should go out anyway and not stick by the phone waiting for news. I’m not doing that myself either. I’m trying to keep myself busy while trying not to be worried about Lizette and what’s going on with her.” 
Jinks frown hearing that as his son continues “Keeping Me busy would give you something to do and get your mind off Lizette. I know she wouldn’t want us to drop our life for her while she’s suffering from a medical condition.” 
Jinks groan loudly through the phone as Lance Knight adds “Dad should go to karate class if called to go by the studio. Dad should go out for walks just to keep yourself busy. You keep yourself from getting upset about Lizette. It’s what I’m trying to do while at home with my wife as the kids are at school at the moment.” 
He doesn’t comment as his son adds “I have to go due to that Niamah wants me off the phone. She from indicating that says bye” 
He hears the dial tone in his ear hangs up and sighs loudly before groaning loudly. 
He hears the doorbell ringing answers the door to see Megumi who spoke “I’m asking you if I can to come to my apartment for tea. I mention that I want to talk to you privately on something.” 
He gets his keys and locks the door then follows her to her apartment while sensing himself filmed. 
Jinks enters her apartment following her to see the décor is styled differently from his apartment while noticing some items that make him think “She has a cat.” 
Jinks are gestured to sit at a table on the floor sitting on a pillow and frowns as she sits opposite him.
She begins talking “I’m asking you what you knew of Roosevelt Knight while you were out asleep.” 
He tells her “I heard some rumor about Roosevelt trashing me to people. He flaunting some child of mine as the vessel of Lance Richard when it turns out I myself is the vessel.” 
He frowns as Megumi says “Roosevelt was a loud mouth braggart that did that flaunting some kid of yours as the vessel. He was trashing you as someone else.” 
He frowns as she continues “Roosevelt protested belligerently against you being freed from the hospital after your healing sleep was done. I put some kind of substance in his drink being aware that he was deathly allergic to it. It would make it seem like he died of a heart attack just to remove him from interfering with people freeing you yourself from the hospital.” 
He stiffens at her admission as she continues “I was a member of the Table group. The other members told me to leave after I admitted to what I did to Roosevelt after he apparently died in front of them. One of them dubbed Takemura insisted on being blamed as the responsible party and was told to leave the group in response. Takemura has been flaunting himself as the one responsible for Roosevelt’s death.” 
He doesn’t say a word as Megumi adds “Lance Knight has balked believing in Takemura’s claims of being the one responsible for his father’s death. He has insisted that Takemura is covering someone else. Lizette was reportedly told Lance Knight to drop the matter along with appearing to believe Takemura’s claims.” 
He frowns forming it on his lips as Megumi adds “Takemura turns out to be the father of Lizette’s boyfriend.” he stiffens hearing as Megumi continues “I’m surprised that Lizette has a relationship with Takemura’s son despite what Takemura claimed to do to her father.” 
He doesn’t comment as Megumi continues “Contacts in the Master Organization told me that Lance Knight is displaying similar attitude as his father towards you. He is trying to keep you out of the group. He have forbidden members from contacting you yourself by backing it up with threats with the help of members loyal to him including repeatedly flaunting himself as the vessel of the Master. 
Lance Knight overheard saying ‘Jinks Montreal isn’t the vessel!’ 
This including trashing him in the presence of members who talk about yourself.” 
He feels annoyance hitting him as Megumi speaks “I managed to get some people in the group loyal to me to tell off the other members that you is the vessel. Not Lance Knight which I’m hearing a rumor going around that Lance Knight had members appearing to support you as the vessel killed off. He was seen flaunting their deaths in the faces of the other members of the group threatening them to quit viewing you as the vessel.” 
He doesn’t comment as he hears a phone ringing watches as Megumi gets up going to it and then speaks her name “Megumi Takemoto.”
 Jinks frowned watching her expression and saying the words “The person can’t prove their accusation!” and hangs up the phone. 
He stares at Megumi who speaks “It was Lance Knight on the phone accusing me of poisoning Roosevelt which I told him off that he can’t prove it and hung up on him.” 
He gets up as she adds “Your visit is done.” and goes to the door sensing her following him. 
Jinks sensed her on the porch watching him walk to his apartment while sensing himself filmed. Jinks notices a black limo parked in the street with driver appearing to be on a cell phone frowns as his senses blare warning goes to the limo’s door knocking on it.
Jinks wound up to see the window open down a bit showing brown Human eyes and speaks asking “What I can do to help?” and is told off “There’s a law that says that drivers can’t talk on the cell phone while driving.” told to “Bug off!” 
Jinks frowns as the window rolls back up and leaves to his apartment to find the screen door again locked. Jinks growls an annoyed sound and forces himself to be calm uses his powers to open both doors to spot inside in the hallway sitting is a black and white cat that gives off a meow sound while wearing a collar around its neck. Jinks walks inside shutting both doors to feeling himself confused as to why he has a cat again. Jinks goes up to the cat and sees that it doesn’t resists to him picking it up and spies a tag on its neck’s collar. Jinks reads the name of Parrot and Megumi’s address on it puts cat down on the floor and darts out of his apartment. Jinks figures out that the limo held people from the Master Organization that were sent to kill off Megumi. Jinks jogs to her apartment finding the limo driving away in the street and finds her apartment doors open. Jinks spots her lying in the hallway form still darts inside and finds she has a bloody spot on her chest over the heart area feels for a pulse and finds none along with sensing that she’s dead. Jinks hears sirens sounding walks out of the apartment to spot a cop car arriving. 
Jinks waits as the cops get out and point their guns at him “We’re ordering you to hit the ground or we’ll shoot!”
He figures that someone set him up obeys and gets handcuffed and stuffed into the car as an ambulance arrives with paramedics that dart into the apartment.
 One comes out speaking to the cops he lip reads saying “The victim is dead of gunshot in the chest.” 
Jinks sees the cops look at him shaking their heads which he sees another cop arrive carrying a see through bag holding gloves and a handgun in it.
Jinks lip reads saying “I found the gun as the caller said in some bushes.” 
He figures to himself that he’s set up for Megumi’s murder as the cops he lip reads say “We’re charging him for murder and will book him at the precinct.” 
He feels annoyed keeps his mouth shut as the cops get into the car and drive to the precinct. Jinks get hauled inside to have his picture taken along with fingerprints scanned by machine then put him in a familiar cell after freeing him from handcuffs. 
He sits on the mattress leaning back with a frown on his face thinking ‘I’m wondering if whoever filmed me would come forwards with their recording saying that I’m innocent of the murder.” 
He frown lost in thought unaware of the time and hears Cassidy’s familiar gloves ordering him out while hearing the cell door slam open. 
He frowns staring at her as he gets up and out and hears her speak “Some Highlander with frizzy blond hair wearing sunglasses came in. 
Highlander dropped off a recording labeled ‘Jinks is innocent on it.’ 
They viewed the contents and it shows three men wearing masks darting through the victim’s apartment. She was running out only to fall to the ground appearing to clutch her leg. We sees one of the masked men come out going up to her and shot her in the chest then hauled her body inside. The men walked out and one of the men was seen disposing the gun and gloves where they were found while then all three entered a limo with license plate seen. It drove off followed by Jinks coming into camera view darting into the victim’s apartment.”  
He doesn’t comment as Cassidy signs “It’s against the state law to set a person up for murder. The punishment is two years in some work camp on an island in the ocean.” 
She continues “We’ll figure out who set you up and will book them in jail for that.” 
He doesn’t comment as Cassidy adds “I order you out of the precinct.” told “You have to walk home our cars aren’t available at the moment for ferrying you home.” 
He’s given his keys by the cop at the lobby and then walks out taking a route home while sensing himself filmed on and off on the way home. Jinks have to use the crosswalk to cross the street due to how bad traffic is for jaywalking. Jinks heard again the honk of horns sounding loudly as he crosses the street and take a route to his home. Jinks still sensing he filmed on and off along with feeling the filming continued once he reaches the apartment complex to see the familiar car toy holding a camera spying on him. He walks to his apartment and again finds the screen door locked along with his front door closed feels annoyance hitting him uses his powers to open the doors. Jinks walk inside to spots the cat sitting in the hallway that gives off a meow sound. Jinks walks inside slamming both doors and feels annoyed with whoever keeps locking his screen door forcing him to use his powers to get inside his apartment and having to do it on camera.  He sees the sunlight become dim eyes the clock seeing it’s becoming evening figures to himself that he’ll shower and see about going to bed which he proceeds to do and finds himself lying in bed as its night time and falls asleep. 

Jinks waked up hearing the doorbell ringing finding its early morning around seven o’clock which he grumbles and gets up hitting the door to find a package on the ground. 
Jinks yanked up and haul the box inside to rip it open finding a black belt of karate along with a note in unfamiliar handwriting “I’m instructing you to show up at a tournament at a later hour. You just watch it to give support to your fellow classmates competing in the tournament. There’s a phone number saying it’s to a driver who’ll drive you to there and home.” 
He sighs and eyes the TV’s date to realize “I’ve slept pass a whole day and that it’s another day.” 
Jinks feels annoyed with that he didn’t set the alarm to go off waking him up and is annoyed with not having the cat wake him up either. Jinks feel irritated goes to shower and put on his karate uniform along with underwear and socks and shoes. Jinks then puts on his light weight jacket and grabs his keys.
Jinks sits on the couch and picks up the phone dialing for the number and gets a Highlander’s voice on it saying a time frame of arrival “I knows where Mister Montreal wants to go and will ring the doorbell once I arrives.” 
Jinks hangs up the phone feels hungry goes to the kitchen to eat his food of cereal out of a box along with milk from a carton and spies Parrot “I figured I’ll call her sensing it’s a female cat.” 
Parrot sitting on the kitchen floor near food bowls for her looking empty and finds cat food in the cupboards which he feeds her along with filling up water bowl. He watches her eat the food without giving it a sniff sensing it’s her familiar food as usual. He goes to the couch to sit and wait for the doorbell along with pocketing his wallet. Jinks hear and go to the door to find a Highlander there wearing a driver’s uniform. Jinks locks the door with his keys and makes sure he has his wallet in his jacket pocket and follows the driver to the car a sedan with black tinted windows. Jinks gets in and sits staring out the window feeling tired sleeps.
Jinks dreams of Lance spoke “Lance Knight accused Tan Lee of supplying the drug to Megumi to put in Roosevelt’s drink. He had Tan Lee personally shot with some dart gun along with bombing his karate studio in New York City. Scotland managed to get Tan Lee out of the city into Megumi’s apartment where Tan is currently taking residence.” 
He frowns hearing that as Lance adds “Tan can’t take Megumi’s cat. He has some kind of respiratory problem and the cat will make his breathing problem worse off requiring a hospital stay. I think Tan will show up at the tournament you were required to show up at.” 
He doesn’t comment as Lance continues to talk “I recommend that you keep your mouth shut about Megumi to Tan in his presence. You not mention her to him period. I wound up sensing that Tan already knows the whole story. I suspects that your son Lance Knight threatened Tan to keep his mouth shut about Megumi’s murder. Hence being the one responsible for bombing Tan’s studio and evicting him out of his city apartment. He’s the landlord of the building Tan lives in.”  
Jinks feels annoyance take hold hears from Lance “You will have the upper hand towards controlling Lance Knight to behave better towards people. I say that the opportunity will arrive when it comes. I’m pretty sure that Lance Knight has a weakness that will be revealed when the time arrives.” 
He feels his eyes forced shut wakes up feeling a hand shaking his shoulder sees its his driver who tells him “Your here at the tournament place.” 
Jinks sees is a familiar college campus he was there before gets out of the car and follows the signs to the gymnasium holding the tournament to find black belt competitors in line.
Jinks tries to pass them only to get yelled at from some of them “Your to get in line and not cut in line period!”
 Jinks senses that their not kidding gets in line finding himself still last in line when he reaches the check in desk to hear from the familiar Asian woman “Your name isn’t on the list.” 
Jinks speak a sarcastic “Whatever.” and walks into the gym room to sense filming. 
Jinks ignores to find a seat among the benches and spots his son warming up in the room among competitors who notices him staring at him before he looks away to look around the room. He sees a familiar old man walking up towards him without a beard and mustache while wearing a black karate uniform and a black belt that takes him a moment to figure out that he’s Tan Lee. 
Jinks watches as Tan goes up to him saying “I’m Tan Lee. I recognize you as Jinks Montreal. I’m requesting that I want to sit next to you” Jinks gestures with a hand.
 He eyes Tan who sits next to him and listens as Tan speaks “I told the news reporter who asked me to confirm a rumor about having a personal interests in Jinks Montreal. I confirmed and said that my interests were Jinks visiting my studio unannounced twenty years ago. Someone in the city told Jinks to go to there and get his karate skills checked out.” 
He frowns as Tan continues “I said that I had Jinks tested by having him spar fight me just to gauge his karate skills.” 
He frowns forming it on his lips as Tan continues “Over the years of spar fighting and teaching karate to people have giving me an ability to tell when someone is dedicated to practicing karate. I noticed that dedication in you. I didn’t realize till later after you left. I felt impressed with you having that dedication. I felt like you had a potential to become a tournament champion if you was trained properly. I wasn’t able to mention it to you. You didn’t leave any contract information and through sources some years later that you was laid up in a hospital in some kind of sleep status. Some mysterious medical condition and I managed to keep tabs on you at the hospital.  I even was informed of when you woke up.” 
Tan pauses to clear his throat then add “I managed to put word out to sources to recommend you take karate at a nearby studio that my daughters Kui Lee and Sun Zordanov run. I including insisting to my daughters to take on you and train you once you was ready to compete in tournaments.” 
Tan continues “The black belt awarding to you was by my influence to the karate federation by commenting to them on seeing you fight in a tournament as a white belt awhile back and winning it undefeated. I was saying that you fought like a black belt from observing too many tournaments over the years. I was gauging how fighters fight each other regardless of belt color.” 
He frowns to nod his head as Tan becomes silent looking away and notices that he’s staring at Lance Knight seated on a bench. Lance Knight seen flare black eyes with some angry look on his son’s face before the black eyes fade from view showing Human eyes in its place. 
He frowns thinking “I’m wondering what Lance Knight my son is up to.” as Tan abruptly speaks “The world is full of greedy people who are power mad and will do what it takes to have a position of power including removing threats to their position.” 
This is followed by Tan becoming silent which he hears nothing more from him as he watches the tournament seeing Kata and weapons come first. Jinks seeing his son Michael isn’t in the tournament competing but instead is one of the judges for both. He frowns as he continues to watch as the spar fight competition comes on and watches Lance Knight focused on him winning the tournament title despite some knock downs by other fighters. 
Once the tournament is over hears from Tan “I have to go award the winners their trophies and pose with them for the news affiliates to post the pictures in their periodicals.” 
He doesn’t comment watches Tan get up and walk away which he gets up and figures that he’ll leave the tournament seeing he’s seen enough gets blocked by a black belt male blocking his way holding a hand up. 
He frowns as the black belt tells him “You should be competing and not sitting around watching.” 
Jinks frowns as the male continues “I’m interested in seeing you foot a certain fighter’s seat.” the male refuses to name “That has been acting like a braggart after winning tournaments flaunting the wins in people’s faces. Flaunting that he’s some good guy when he’s really a sore loser. Competitors who defeated him in fights have mysteriously turned up having some kind of injury hitting their legs that knock them out of karate for awhile. Them having the injury be permanent if he loses to a fighter in a title fight.” 
Jinks frown hearing that as the black belt walks away abruptly which he watches him leave going up to a group of black belts looking in his direction with some kind of look on their faces that suggested “Their serious about something.” and sees them form glares. 
They aim it at a direction which he sees is looking at Lance Knight standing holding a trophy with Tan Lee next to him smiling at the cameras flashing at him. 
He frowns figuring to himself “I’ll ask Lance when the opportunity arrives about what the black belts is indicating to.” as he leaves the gym.
Jinks finds the car outside gets inside and stares out the window as the driver drives it to his home and told “Your to call me again when you needs a ride to someplace.” 
He gets inside his home having to use his powers again finds Parrot dart out the apartment and finds the cat standing on his shoulder rubbing her face on his head while giving off meows in some happy tone. He pulls Parrot off his shoulder and hauls her inside putting her down and locks both doors. Jinks eyes the cat figuring that she habitually likes to stand on people’s shoulders hence her name Parrot after some pet bird gonoid known to sit on people’s shoulders. Jinks figures that why she was named that. He sighs and figures that he’ll get out of his karate uniform and belt puts them away and puts on his sweatpants after stripping himself of clothes and shoes. He hits the basement to practice karate finding his Kata and drills fine to his standards then attacks the punching bag. He feels himself finding he had enough leaves the basement to the living room. Jinks sits and turns on the TV flicking through channels to find a broadcast of a news reporter interviewing Tan Lee. Jinks listens to the broadcast finding that Tan wasn’t kidding on what he told the news reporter along with the reporter pointing out Jinks’ arrival followed by Tan seen walking away going to Jinks sitting next to him and appearing to be talking to him. He frowns as the camera does a montage of the tournaments showing the winners in Kata and weapons followed by the spar fight winner Lance Knight. 
He watches as the news reporter interviews Tan for opinion on the tournament and hears from Tan “The competitors competed fine.” and followed by Lance Knight interviewed which he listens doesn’t say much but says “I had a good time competing. I wasn’t sure if I’ll win.” 
His senses blare telling him that Lance Knight lied as the broadcast flick to the news reporter who gives off her comments about the tournament saying “It was very interesting seeing Tan Lee there after being a no show at tournaments for awhile. He appears that he’s doing well at the moment.” 
This is followed by the broadcast flicking to another tournament happening for women which he turns off the TV seeing that he had enough viewing feels bored with the TV shuts it off. He hears the phone ringing eyes the called ID to see its Lance Knight picks up the phone and speaks his name.
Jinks hear his son speak in some angry voice “What Tan Lee said to you and you better spill it or I’ll find out through other sources.” 
He speaks that Tan told him what he told the news reporter and that’s about it. 
He keeps his mouth shut as Lance Knight speaks “I have evidence that Tan supplied a Megumi Takemoto the drug she put in Papa’s drink that killed him via heart attack. Her admitting to the poisoning on camera to the other table members who kicked her out of position with some guy named Takemura took responsibility for the death.” 
He keeps his mouth shut as Lance Knight continues to rant “I was cheated out of an opportunity to confront Megumi for the poisoning by someone murdering her off!” 
His senses blare warning telling him that Lance Knight lied keeps his mouth shut about it till his son pauses.
Jinks speak “I’m asking how Lizette is doing? I not hearing anything from her.” 
He hears Lance Knight’s tone become calmer saying “Lizette birthed a boy baby dubbed Takemura. She woke up from her coma which happened yesterday. I’m surprised that she didn’t call you with the news.” 
His senses again blare telling him “Something else is going on hence Lance Knight not saying it fully.”
Jinks speaks “Your to tell Lizette congrats to her and new born son.” 
He hears from Lance Knight “Lizette has been transferred to the Zesky hospital for testing along with testing her son due to how she carried him.” 
He doesn’t comment as his son adds “Dad will be hearing from me soon.” and hears the dial tone in his ear. 
Jinks hangs up the phone and eyes the clock seeing its afternoon feels like boredom hitting him gets up going into the kitchen and prepares a meal of packaged meal. Jinks eats finding he not too hungry but figures its best to eat anyway. He goes to the couch and sits leaning back staring at the TV to fall asleep dreaming of Lance. 
Lance tells him “The black belt fighter was talking about Lance Knight who’s used his vessel status in the Master Organization to gain money wealth and power for himself and his family. Including doing what the black belt said to fighters who defeat him in fights cutting him out of tournaments. He wound up with doing the same to fighters who prevent him from winning tournament titles in fights.” 
Jinks feel annoyed hearing that as Lance continues “Lance Knight is currently trying to keep people from viewing you as the vessel of me. It’s mostly from a position of power and wealth would be threatened as in destroyed if they view you as the vessel instead of him.” 
Jinks feel annoyed hearing that as Lance forces his eyes shut. 

Jinks comes to seeing its night time goes to bed in his bedroom and shuts his eyes only to open them willing the Master through to find his body change into Lance while floating above who turns on the lamp then finds blackness arriving. 

Jinks comes to finding himself underwater with feet chained to something that feels like stone and looks to see its some kind of stone block. Jinks break the chains with his hands and swims up to the surface to spot a boat in the vicinity with people on it. Jinks sees one of them is hooded holding a lighted candle and watches as they dump a male with feet chained to a stone block. Jinks sees the male is Tan Lee to his shock watching them dump the male into the water. Jinks swims underwater towards Tan who appears to be unconscious and breaks the chain freeing the male then hauls him up to the surface watching as the boat and occupants goes away out of sight. Jinks hauls Tan to the shore and does CPR on him till the male wakes up coughing out water. Jinks hauls Tan up to the apartment complex and gets told by Tan to take him to an apartment he recognizes as Megumi’s by the number. Jinks obey sensing he’s not filmed and then gets Tan inside by using his powers to open both doors. 
He hears from Tan a comment of “The son inherited it from the father and should have known of that.” 
He hears nothing more from Tan tells him “Your call the police.” 
Jinks then takes a route from the lake direction to his apartment while sensing the filming start up again spots the familiar car toy. Jinks ignores and uses his powers to unlock the front doors then walks inside to locking both doors and feels cat paws on his shoulder again followed by Parrot giving off meows sounding annoyed to him. Jinks puts Parrot down on the floor and hears the doorbell ringing peers through to see a hooded figure and sees that it’s Lance Knight. Jinks open the door with annoyance within him only to see his son wave a hand and feels sleepiness passes out unconscious.

Jinks wound up to come too finding he underwater sinking with cave like walls on both sides of him. Jinks feel he’s got his ankles chained to a stone block which he frees himself and snaps off the handcuffs and swims up out of the chasm towards the surface. Jinks feels his lungs needing air feels water no longer around him as he hits the ground on his seat finding himself in his living room gulps air very hard then hears the phone ringing picks it up. 
Jinks doesn’t say anything hears Lizette’s voice speaking sounding like she’s upset saying “Lance referring to my brother should stop taking out his anger towards Papa on my Dad. He should quit doing it period despite Dad not being his daddy biologically despite looking like him.” 
He keeps his mouth shut as Lizette continues to talk sounding like she thinks she’s talking to her brother “I’m disappointed that Niamah your wife has been complaining to me about you neglecting her and the children to do other things instead of spending time with the family. Niamah is getting annoyed with you on that enough to consider divorce and primary custody of the children. She was seeing that you pay her child support and alimony.” 
Jinks don’t say a word as Lizette adds to a pleading tone “Brother dear you should spend time with Niamah and family and stop neglecting them. Stop with your nasty obsession towards my father. I’m not happy about. If you keep it up I’ll blab everything to my father including every trick I found out what you’ve been pulling on my father.” 
He senses the Master in control keeps his mouth shut as Lizette adds “I mean it!” 
Jinks hears the dial tone in his ear hangs up the phone and figures that he’ll go shower and get out of his clothes. Jinks does and goes to his bedroom finding the light off and gets out underwear shorts which he lays his form onto the bed.
Jinks then thinks to he “I wonders to myself how Lance Knight figured out my candle lighting control people while asleep trick.” 
Jinks shrugs and sleeps to dream of Lance who speaks “Jinks, you as a youngster was filmed on camera by various recording devices that recorded you doing the candle light trick. Lance Knight got a hold of those recorders through his vessel status flaunting. He used what he learned from them to do the candle trick himself which he did on you and Tan.” 
Jinks frown hearing that as Lance continues  “You have developed a three candle light trick toleration limit when it comes to that trick as in that person who does the trick on you can only do it three times before it becomes useless to do it on you.” 
He frowns to nod his head as Lance continues “Lance Knight’s attempts to kill you off were from what Lizette said taking out his anger about Roosevelt’s treatment of not fathering him very much. Lance Knight knows that you aren’t his father biologically despite there a match as relatives. I know about you being a match as Lizette’s father biologically.”  
He doesn’t comment as Lance continues “Lizette isn’t kidding about what she said about Niamah wife of Lance Knight complaining about her husband neglecting her. Lance Knight has been too busy doing things to bother having family time with Niamah. It appears he has let his obsession towards certain things take control. He will need your help to stop having those obsessions control him. I Lance myself is busy working on a way of getting Lance Knight to stop the obsessions. I suspect that you will have to confront your son face to face in getting the obsessions to stop. I suspect that Lance Knight sees you as a father figure. You need to flaunt that status to your son to get him out of being obsessed with things.” 
Jinks frown hearing that as Lance forces his eyes shut which he wakes up feeling Parrot sitting on his chest purring away which the cat gets off of him and he eyes the clock seeing its around eight o’clock in the morning. He gets up eyeing the cat and finds her again on his shoulder rubbing her face on his head while giving off happy meow sounds. Jinks removes and puts her on the bed then scratches her back feeling it arch underneath his hands. He sighs and gets up figuring that he’ll get dressed hears the phone ringing goes to it to see the caller ID is Lizette.
Jinks pick up the phone sensing the Master in control speaking his name “Jinks Montreal. I demands to my daughter to explain your brother’s attitude towards me as in repeatedly trying to drown me in a lake while chained to some stone block. He doing that trick twice and using my special abilities to get me into this situation.” 
He hears from Lizette a loud gasp sound followed by dial tone sounding in his ear. He growls an annoyed sound wills away the Master and stomps to his dresser to get dressed into clothes then stomps downstairs to the kitchen cooking a meal of breakfast. Jinks cooking goes to the living room to glare at the TV seeing the date is not the next day but the day after and figures that he was out unconscious that long till Parrot woke him up. He glares at the TV stomps back into the kitchen to attend to his food which he eats once done cooking it and drinks from the milk carton then stuffs away the dishes and food. Jinks walks to the living room to again hear the phone ringing eyes the caller ID to see Lance Knight’s name on it.
 Jinks figured “Lizette was calling me to see if I survived the lake drowning and that my son told his sister what he did to me her father.” 
He picks up the phone and speaks “I want a clear explanation to why my son would drown him in the lake repeatedly. I am annoyed with that stunt.” 
He hears in response his son’s voice in some sneering voice tone “Jinks I names will do what I says for I has the resources to make him do what I wanted done. Jinks have nothing and no one to help support him eliminating his support. I will see that those who help you will find their lives destroyed period. I will do what it takes that you lose things valuable to him if he does anything I don’t find amusing against me.” 
Jinks recall Lizette telling him “A Highlander group called Scotland is recording your phone calls and acting as a third party listening on the conversations.” 
Jinks keeps his mouth shut figuring out “Scotland will do something about Lance Knight’s attitude.” 
He speaks as his son pause a comment “Shouldn’t you be spending time with your wife and kids instead of obsessed with destroying things?” 
He gets interrupted by Lance Knight yelling at him on the phone “Your stay out of my family’s affairs period! Your keep your nose out of them! It’s my business!” 
Jinks commented as his son becomes silent “You’ll answer to the Master on your actions-“only to get interrupted by him saying “I’m the Master. I expect people to treat me that way and want the same thing from you. I will make your life miserable if you don’t give me that treatment as expected.” 
Jinks hangs up the phone as if compelled then picks it up speaking loudly while hearing some click noise “Scotland better be doing something about Lance Knight’s attitude. My son pulled some stunt on trying to drown me and some guy named Tan Lee that lives in the neighborhood. I saved Tan’s life and got him into his apartment safe. I wound up making it appear that I came out of the lake alone by having the cameras catch me coming from that area. Lance Knight again pulled that drowning stunt and I managed to survive it to get out of the lake alive by myself manipulating of the Master Lance Richard himself.” 
He pauses to hear a Highlander voice speaking ‘I’m asking you to explain the trick Lance Knight pulled to get the both of you underwater. Cameras recorded Lance Knight holding some kind of candle with both victims seen walking drunk like following Lance Knight out of their apartments with eyes looking closed.” 
He speaks “I as a youngster controlled people to do things while asleep via lighted candle in my hand. I was recently informed via Master that I was recorded doing it on people as a youngster. Lance Knight is said to got a hold of the recordings and figured out the trick. He used to get myself and Tan out of their apartments while asleep. Lance Knight got us easily tied up in chains around our ankles attached to some heavy stone that caused us to sink in the lake nearby the complex. I came to while underwater freed myself and swam up to the surface to catch them doing it to Tan. I saved the male’s life and got him into my apartment without sensing anything noticing us.” 
He hears from the Highlander as he pauses “Lizette will be sent a recording of the conversation the Master had with his son Lance Knight at the appropriate time. With various people in the Master Organization loyal to the Master himself who’ll work on getting Lance Knight to focus on what’s important to him, his wife and kids. His wife has complained through various sources about being neglected by her husband. We’re sensing her husband is controlled by being obsessed with certain things. He shouldn’t be focused on.” 
Jinks doesn’t comment hears from the Highlander “You should pick up the phone anytime you likes and talk to us on what you thinks we should know of. We have the phone line monitored. We have prevented anyone else loyal to Lance Knight to listen on the recordings or have him listen on them. We were sensing something seriously bad going on with Lance Knight. The phone call with the Master proved what we suspected and we’ll work on it.” 
He hears nothing more from the Highlander hangs up the phone and sits on the couch staring at the TV screen eyeing the time frowning what he should do to amuse himself today. He hears a meow sounding off his right and again finds Parrot standing on his shoulder rubbing her face on his head. 
He sighs and speaks out loud “I’m wondering how Megumi put up with having a cat doing that behavior?” 
Jinks removes her off of his shoulder to place her on his lap rubbing her back feeling it arch underneath his hands’ movements hears the phone ring eyes the caller ID to see its says Megumi Takemoto’s name on it. 
Jinks figures its Tan Lee picks it up speaking his name and hears Tan’s voice on the line sounding upset “Lance Knight visited my home yesterday. He used some kind of mental power ability on me to make me choke while giving off threats of ruining my life. He seeing that I’ll loses things valuable to me to keep him from interfering with his plans towards Jinks Montreal. He expects me to obey him period on that.” 
Jinks feels disgust take hold continues to listen as Tan speaks “Some Highlander called me on the phone with an ID called Scotland asking me to explain why I was seen by recorders coming out of my apartment drunk walking. I looking like eyes was closed. I was following some hooded figure appearing to be a male holding a lighted candle.” 
Jinks speaks “I told Scotland that it was some kind of deity like trick having a similar experience decades ago done on me by another male. Scotland said to me that they know what I’m talking about.” 
“Someone decades ago was recorded using that deity trick on a victim that was found drowned in a lake.” which Jinks stiffens hearing from Tan. 
He continues to hear Tan speak “The same male was recorded doing the trick on myself decades ago. The people recording the tricks done didn’t say anything about it. They didn’t get it how this male could have done his stunts which they now get it by witnessing another male doing it and figured out how it was done.” 
He frowns hearing as Tan clears his throat then continues “I called the police soon after arriving at my apartment complaining about answering the door. Someone knocked me out and came to finding myself on a beach all wet. A stranger was there appearing to help Jinks Montreal yourself out of the lake before helping me into my apartment and taking off.” 
He frowns as Tan continues “I hid the official story of you pulling me out of the lake. I didn’t want Lance Knight to know of that fact. I being aware that the male was responsible for putting me in the lake.” 
Tan continues “The police for some reason said ‘We would send someone in the morning being busy with emergency cases around town.’ 
They listed a time frame which at the appointed hour I got Lance Knight instead of the police that entered my apartment unannounced. Lance Knight threatened me. After the male left Scotland called then I figured I might as well let you know what happened. Mostly after finding your phone number written down in some date book hidden underneath the couch’s cushions when doing some cleaning. Cleaning chores helps me when I’m upset.” 
Jinks speaks as Tan becomes silent “I was told by a black belt at a recent tournament that they implied that Lance Knight was a sore loser when it comes to losing fights in tournaments. He losing out in titles by having the winner hit with some kind of injury sometimes permanent. He has been bragging about his wins in some type of rude behavior. I got the impression from the black belt that told me that.”  
He hears from Tan “The black belt isn’t kidding about it hearing from Lance Knight’s competitors in private at my studio when they visit to complain about Lance Knight’s attitude. That included getting karate focused tabloid periodicals saying it.” 
Jinks gives off “Harrumph!” and then hears Tan add “I’m going to be attending my daughters’ studio to help out with karate instruction. My studio in New York City was destroyed by fire. I heard that its arson. The police aren’t saying who they suspect did it. I’ve taken residence in the neighborhood for several reasons with one of the reasons being my personal safety. I don’t want to live in New York City any more. Sensing I wouldn’t be safe there for the time being.” 
Jinks don’t say anything hears from Tan “You’ll hear from me again.” 
Jinks hears a dial tone in his ear hangs up the phone and sighs when he hears the phone ring again sees his son on the caller ID picks up the phone and doesn’t speak. 
Instead hears his son rant “I’ve been trying to call you! The phone line has been busy! Im not amused with that phone attitude Jinks” he names “Has been displaying! I will make sure Jinks pays a price if he pulls it again.” 
Jinks doesn’t say anything as Lance Knight rants about phone manners then hangs up the phone on him abruptly. Jinks stares at the phone then hangs it up to frown and hears a yowl from Parrot followed by sensing something behind him turns around to see Lance Knight in the room with eyes all black that makes a hand wave gesture and he finds himself falling asleep hitting the floor going unconscious. 

Jinks wakes up hearing the phone ringing eyes the clock and date on the TV to see it’s the next day. Jinks gets up and grabs the phone noticing Lizette’s ID on it and doesn’t say anything.
Jinks heard from Lizette “I’m asking who picked up the phone and insisting on saying their identity!” 
Jinks exhale a breath through his mouth and inhales and speak without saying his name spoke “Who else you expected to pick up the phone?” 
He hears a gasp from Lizette followed by dial tone glares at the thing and hangs up then feels he tensed all over like his muscles are sore. Jinks figures that he’ll do some stretching sits on the floor and does his stretching exercises finding himself still limber as usual.  Jinks tensed soreness going away which he feels much better and swings he up followed by doing his black belt Kata finding his movements perfect to his standards
Jinks thinking to he “I feel annoyed at Lance Knight. I figures from my sore muscles that my son must have used me as a punching bag along with Lizette calling to see how I’m doing after her brother told her what he did to their father.”   
He hears the phone ring goes to answer it seeing the karate studio on the caller ID but notices that the phone number isn’t included like he’s seen with Lizette and Lance Knight’s IDs. 
He picks up the phone and speaks his name “Jinks Montreal speaking.” and gets “Its Kui Lee speaking. You’re to show up at the karate studio at a time frame for further training in sparring. My father Tan Lee is said to help out with that.” 
He speaks “Ok will do.” then hears the dial tone hangs up and figures that he’ll hit the bathroom for use along with exchanging clothes and getting something to eat. 
Jinks proceeds to do and gets his stuff together in a cloth bag then goes to the front door to open it and sees it’s raining hard out figures that he’ll call for a cab.
Jinks does but gets a Human female instead of a Highlander female who sounds annoyed “I speaks asking if this is the cab service that I got the phone number from someone.” 
The female speaks that “The cab it is.” in some tone recognized as sarcasm who adds “I want to know what you wants.” 
Jinks says “I wants to charter a cab to a location.” and gets “I have to asked for your name.” which he gives “It’s Jinks Montreal.” and hears “Humph!” followed by clicking sounds before the female in familiar sarcasm tone says “Not enough money detected in your funds for that.” 
His senses blare telling him she lied and before he can protest she hangs up on him. 
He hears the doorbell ringing goes to answer and finds Tan Lee there wearing a raincoat that tells him “I’m taking you to the studio by car and tried to call about it but your phone line was busy.” 
He’s handed a package and told “Just use it for the rain.” which he finds is some kind of plastic hooded rain poncho.
Jinks puts on the raincoat poncho as Tan says “I’m waiting outside not wanting to aggravate my allergies from the cat.” 
Jinks goes to takes his bag along with stuffing his wallet in his jean pocket and grabs his keys then finds Parrot on the couch in some snoozing form which he figures its best to not disturb her walks out locking the door and follows Tan to a car parked in the lot. 
He’s ordered “Your to drive that car.” he tells Tan “I don’t know how to drive voice activated cars.” gets told “The car’s manual Megumi was old fashioned towards technology.” which he doesn’t comment.
Jinks hands Tan his bag and gets into the driver’s seat and waits as Tan gets into the car on the passenger side both buckling up their seatbelt. He easily recalls driving in his mind and starts up the car with no problem and gets it out of the lot to the karate studio with no problem. 
He and Tan handing him his bag gets inside and on the way to the locker room Kui catches him and spoke “I requests you in my office!” 
Jinks obeys and told to put the poncho on the coat rack which he obeys then sits facing her as she speaks “I’ve signed you up for a karate tournament locally in Hartford that’s said to be a coming out party for new black belts to compete in sparring. You should focus on sparring. The tournament is in two days which should give you plenty of time to prepare for sparring parts.” 
Kui adds “I orders you to class now!” which he obeys going to the locker room to put on his Karate uniform and puts away his clothes and sneakers then hits the studio room and gets ordered by Sun “Your to do ten push ups for being late!” obeys without complaint. 
Jinks does karate drills with the students noticing Tan wearing a karate uniform with a black belt watching him and senses that Tan’s staring in some scrutiny and examination by the narrowed eyes aimed at him. 
Jinks ignores that till Tan speaks loudly as Sun pauses “I’m asking which among the students is competing in sparring. They should raise their hands to say who’s doing that.” which he does that.
Jinks wound up finding himself and along with nearly every student except the kids wearing white and yellow belts. 
He hears from Tan “You to have the black belts get suited up for sparring. I’ll help them out with what they need to improve in that area.” which he obeys as Sun orders The lower belts sit around and watch the training session!”
He watches as Tan gets black belts to spar with each other a pair at a time while speaking out improvements on how to knock down their opponent to each fighter as they spar fight. Jinks has a turn and finds himself easily defeating his opponent along with avoiding the opponent’s attempts to knock him down finds that Tan is ignoring him when coaching the spar fight is instead focused on his opponent. Jinks find he still easily defeating the opponent despite coaching from Tan to the male. He finds himself easily defeating all the male black belts that spar fight with him despite them having coaching from Tan then Tan yells “I orders the lower belts to suit up and have the black belts sit to watch!”
 Jinks takes off the fighting gear and like the black belts hands it to a lower belt student who doesn’t complain about the hand off then goes to sit down which he figures he’ll stretch due to not doing it when arriving at the classroom. He stretches while keeping an eye on Tan coaching the lower belts to spar fight and notices that they need experience in that area and more practice as the each lower belt gets a turn. Tan gets the kids in white and yellow belts to fight each other in sparring while coaching them how to fight. He finishes his stretching watches as Tan finishes the sparring and coaching lessons.
This followed by Sun ordering “Students competing in Kata to do them one at a time!”
Jinks don’t get up but sits watching students doing them with Sergei coaching them on how to make themselves look good in the movements. He watches as the students finished their Kata and then Sun orders class over which he goes to the locker room to change into his clothes.
Jinks find Tan in the hallway that tells him “You’re to drive us home.” and is given the keys. 
Jinks finds his poncho in Kui’s office who’s on the phone ignores him as he puts on the poncho then leads Tan to the car getting inside while its still raining out and figures from traffic that he has to take another route home says “I have to take another route home to account for traffic.
Jinks got no protest from Tan but a finger jabbing and takes the car to the apartment complex’s street and gets into the complex’s parking lot to park the car and told by Tan “Just keep the car for personal use till a better way of transportation can be found and used.” which he asks Tan “How’s your going to travel around without transportation?” 
Jinks get told “I’m planning on using a cab service. I don’t have a state license to drive Megumi’s car. I figured that Megumi would want her car in use instead of uselessly sitting in the parking lot.” 
He doesn’t complain to that takes the car keys and gets to his apartment to find the screen door locked feels annoyed uses the Master to get the doors open to find Parrot in the hallway crouching that gives off a loud meow sound. He gets inside locking both doors and wills away the Master to put his karate stuff into the hall closet along with hanging up the poncho inside making sure it only drips onto the floor. Jinks then shuts the door to feel Parrot’s paws on his shoulder while she’s giving a loud meow sounding happy followed by her rubbing her face on his head. Jinks sighs and gently removes Parrot off his shoulder to cradle her to him and carries her to the couch to sit and feel his wallet and apartment keys and car keys in his jeans pockets. Jinks sighs puts Parrot next to him to put all three in a couch dresser drawer along with putting the car key chain attached to his apartment key chain then puts them away. He sighs and goes to the couch to sit to feel sleepiness groans and leans back shutting his eyes to dream of facing Lance who has arms folded with blue eyes narrowed in a glare. 
He frowns as Lance speaks “Your son Lance Knight has managed to gain control of your money fund. The Master Organization members were putting money into for you to use. Your son has managed to get a high priced amount to be diverted to his own account for every set time period while leaving you some low money amount that I figures can only be used for paying for necessities. Such as food from food places referred as grocery stores along with paying for your cat’s food and other items she needs for living with you and that’s about it.” 
Jinks feels annoyed hearing that as Lance continues “I’m trying to get a hold of Lizette for contact to inform her of the situation regarding her brother but her son Takemura has her occupied too much from being busy taking care of him. I’m not sure if I should contact Jayden her husband he’s available for contact but isn’t sure of Jayden’s reaction towards me. Mostly not sure despite Jayden’s father being in the Master Organization and a former Table member that was later kicked out by other Table members and is hesitating on the contact. Not sure of how Jayden feels towards me as deity lord and Master.” 
Lance adds “You should use this power ability dubbed Itchy by how it makes my back itch whenever I use it. You should use itchy in Lance Knight’s presence but not at tournaments. I don’t trust Lance Knight to not pull anything serious against you to put you down for awhile.” 
Jinks groans softly recalling what Lance is referring to thinking overheard “I call that ability Darkness by how creepy I feel when I use the ability.” refrains from talking as Lance forces his eyes shut passes out unconscious.

Jinks wound up to comes to hearing a doorbell ringing sound frowns jerking open his eyes to find its like seven o’clock in the morning two days since he first fell asleep according to the TV. Jinks goes to the door to find no one there but a packet in his mailbox which he takes and locks both doors to pull out a form for competing in a tournament in Hartford at a later hour. Jinks required showing up in the late morning for registration. Jinks figures that he’ll shower and eat and put on his karate uniform along with his black belt does that along with putting on sneakers and socks on his feet. Jinks stuff his wallet in a pocket in a duffle bag holding his sparring stuff.
Jinks opened the door peering outside to figure “Stuff the poncho along incase it rains.” 
Jinks takes out his keys which he remembers the package stuffs it in the duffle bag then locks the door then carries the bag to Megumi’s car while sensing he filmed. Jinks ignored the sensation to use Megumi’s car to drive to Hartford. Jinks have trouble finding a good parking spot that doesn’t require the use of paying for it finds one on the street. Jinks parks the car and makes sure it’s legally parked then walks to the karate tournament place to find a line for registering. 
Jinks granted to compete by the register lady an older female who says “Your name is on the list.” but heard an edge in her voice tone that seemed of sarcasm “Suggests something else is going on.” 
Jinks ignores it to enter the tournament sensing himself filmed and notices as he finds a place to set down his gear black belts in the room eyeing him with ranges of emotions on their faces. Jinks ignored the staring to find a spot to remove his shoes and socks then does stretching along with putting on his gear. Jinks noticing his son Lance Knight across the room wearing a karate uniform and doing stretching as well who doesn’t appear to notice him staring. He looks around the room to notice Tan wearing a karate uniform with a black belt talking to a reporter before walking off to sit down among the audience watching the tournament he assumes. He watches the tournament begins by black belts doing sparring which he finds himself competing against a black belt and defeats him. Jinks continues winning undefeated till a break in fights waiting for his next opponent gets approached by an apparent older blond male wearing clothing that seems familiar and having a cane. 

“Male reminds me someone named Barry despite Zerra blaring at me ‘Don’t focus onto that joker! Focus onto Jinks Montreal period!’
Ugh I’m forced to agree by how I can’t sleep as a result.”

The male goes up to him and speaks “You should teach a fighter humility.” while pointing a finger at a pair fighting. 
Jinks looks away and notices that Lance Knight is part of the pair and watches as if drawn to see his son appear to use the Master to defeat his opponent. Jinks feels annoyed with that finding it cheating figures that he’ll use the Master on Lance Knight if they meet in a fight to teach him a lesson. Jinks looks away to notice that the caned blonde male is gone and out of sight keeps he warmed up and finds his opportunity to fight Lance Knight arrives.
One of the referees telling him “You’re fighting opponent is Lance Knight for the make the final four round.” 
He wills the Master through and finds that Lance Knight is using the Master’s powers onto him while their fighting to make him feel paralysis to be easily knocked down. Jinks uses a shield to block the paralysis and easily defeats his son knocking him down twice who gets up. Once Jinks is declared the winner by the referee finds his son doesn’t shake hands instead walks away ignoring him. Jinks gets into the final four fight and senses the paralysis continue keeps the Master in control to will a shield onto him as he easily defeats his opponent to reach the title fight. After the fight looks at Lance Knight’s way to give his son a glare that still has the Master in control and watches his son fight a male one of the losers of a fight for a placing spot. Jinks used the same trick his son did on him to his son who struggles to defeat the opponent who easily defeats him in a fight. Jinks finds his son is a sore loser doesn’t shake hands with the Asian instead walks off to go sit down putting away his fighting gear into a bag. Jinks keep an eye on Lance Knight as losers of fights fight for rank placing in the tournament. Jinks see his son get up hauling his bag and walk out of the tournament place appearing to be in an angry mood from his walking behavior. He wills the Master away from him figuring that he doesn’t need it any more waits as the title fight is announced along with his name and another opponent name and that Tan is refereeing it. Jinks gets into the fight and defeats his opponent who appears to have resistance to being knocked down while trying to knock him down. Jinks finding he avoiding the male’s attempts to knock him down while easily knocking him down to win the title and declared the winner by Tan. 
He hears the announcer say “The title win has officially given Mister Jinks Montreal the right to be declared a black belt holder as issued by the karate federation.” 
Jinks heard an applause sounding a bit loudly to him and find his opponent a good sport who shakes hands with him. Jinks ditches the karate gear to pose with Tan for reporters flashing cameras at him for their karate periodicals along with feeling himself still filmed the moment entered the room. Once done posing gets his gear and walks out of the tournament place sensing the filming continue to where his car is to find a tow truck hauling it away. Jinks feels annoyed with that which he walks around the city feeling filming on and off while trying to find a cab or a phone place along with a bus. Jinks finds a bus stop with a sign issuing its traveling into Wethersfield waits while joined with other people there. Then the bus arrives and figures from the people entering the bus that their hand print is a way of paying for the bus fare copies them. Jinks finds a seat to sit and feels relieved to feel the filming stop which he looks out the window as the bus makes several stops then enters Wethersfield. Jinks gets off at a bus stop near the police station and walks to his home and has to use the crosswalk to cross the street how heavy traffic is that annoys him.
Jinks wound up to think “Why the traffic is always heavy whenever I’m around town?!” 
He walks home and reaching the apartment complex senses he filmed when near his apartment to find again the screen door locked feels annoyed to mentally use the Master to open it. Jinks find Parrot seated in the hallway that gives off a meow sounding happy to see him. Jinks enters the apartment locking the doors and puts away the karate stuff in the closet along with his karate uniform and clad in his underwear and socks hits the bedroom to put on some clothes then goes downstairs to eat some food feeling like he needs it then sits on the couch to sit leaning back and shuts his eyes while feeling sleepy.

Jinks wound up to dream of facing Lance who speaks “I got the nerve and contacted Jayden while he was taking a nap who’s reaction was at first shock but acceptance after I introduced myself to him. I told Jayden to tell Lizette what I found out about her brother has been doing to you her father I already mentioned to yourself. These stunts including the incidents at a recent tournament along with using your money to buy out a national cab service company. Lance Knight switching employee positions including bribing some employees to refuse cab service to you if you calls them.”
Jinks feels annoyed hearing that as Lance continues talking “Lance Knight has also bribed some Master Organization member who has a tow truck service to take away the car you was using. Not give the car back to you instead sell it to someone who’s willing to pay a good amount of money for it. Someone loyal to Lance still thinking that Lance Knight is the vessel of myself and not you blabbed that you was seen driving Megumi’s car. Lance Knight issued his order of the car taken away and sold with money put in your account. Lance Knight will take once the time arrives.” 
Jinks feel anger arriving while hearing that as Lance continues “I managed to inform Jayden of that and mentioned I’ll be in contact with him from time to time. Jinks, you should remember to use the Itchy status whenever you’re around Lance Knight. The situation should be other than at tournaments.”
Jinks frowns as Lance forces his eyes shut and passes out unconscious. 

Jinks comes to hearing the doorbell ringing finds it’s two days feels annoyed with his body’s status of falling asleep and remaining asleep till some noise sounds waking him up. Jinks goes to the front door peering through the peephole to find a long blonde woman is there wearing a business suit and looking annoyed by the expression on her face. Jinks will the Master away from him sensing it in control and open the door to stare at her questioningly. 
He frowns as the woman holding some large purse bag which he notices her widens her eyes seeing him before speaking “I’m introducing myself as Niamah Knight, wife of Lance Knight. I’ve been having a problem with my husband who hasn’t been listening to me complain problems to him. The kids upset that he’s not being there for them as their father.” 
He speaks as she pauses “You can come in but mind the cat. It’s more private.” and adds that “I’m under surveillance by people.” 
He gets her agreement to come inside and opens the screen door letting her in and locks both doors behind her and stares at her as she speaks “Lance has been neglecting me and the kids to compete in tournaments. My husband is mostly ignoring mine and the kids’ attempts to talk to him on being there as a husband and father. Lance has used some power ability he refers as Source to get us to shut up and drop the subject.” 
He doesn’t comment as Niamah continues “I have managed to contact a lawyer to discuss the option of divorce along with primary custody of the children. I haven’t gone through with the divorce proceedings yet but will if Lance continues to display his nasty attitude towards me.” 
He hears the phone ringing as she pauses speaks “Excuse me.” and sees Lance Knight’s ID on it and says “It’s Lance Knight by the caller ID.” and picks it up and speaks “Jinks Montreal speaking/” and gets from his son “Your to get outside period with Niamah or I’m barging in! I’m not in a good mood at all!” and hangs up on him. 
Jinks hangs up the phone and speaks “It’s Lance Knight who has demanded that the both of us to get outside or he’s coming in to do something bad. He’s said to not be in a good mood at all.” 
He hears from Niamah “We’re going outside for I have words to say to my husband!” 
Jinks goes to the door mentally willing the Darkness through by seeing a door in his mind and sliding it open along with feeling creepy and itchy feeling in a spot on his back. Jinks opened both doors to find Lance Knight outside with the Master in control figures that he does the same wills it through to glare at his son.
Niamah comes out and yells at him “You stinking Husband have been neglecting me and the kids! I have an enough of your attitude towards me and the kids! I want this attitude to end period!”
Jinks go to stand next to Lance Knight as Niamah continues to rant till his son gives off a roaring sound of anger along with speaking “Enough! You’re forbidden from contacting Jinks period! I want you to go away and leave the both of them for a private talk!” 
Jinks eyes Niamah who in response pulls open her purse and fiddles in it as Lance Knight repeats his order telling her to go and sees her pull out a hand gun and fire it at Lance Knight marksmanship aimed at his son’s chest right where the heart is. Jinks uses the Darkness to catch the bullet itches away from his son’s chest who does a double take look with some expression of shock. 
Jinks in a quick move places a hand on Lance Knight’s forehead and mentally orders him “You’re to go to a car where a servant driver is to drive you home and sleep in it while dreaming of sexually taking advantage of Niamah. You’re to continue dreaming that till you do the mating act physically. Only be wake up by hand shaking your shoulder.” 
Jinks find Lance Knight doing his order by seeing his son will the Master away and looking zoned out walking away.
Jinks speaks to Niamah telling her “I what I ordered to your husband involving getting him back to his car.”
Jinks wound up omitting the dreams seeing her eyes widen seeing him having the Master in control and gets a head bob from her followed by him walking up to her and handing her the bullet.
She was speaking “I should give Lance Knight a divorce threat in a document. It’s just to show that I’m not kidding on the neglect attitude. I think that should be a wake up call for my husband to stop his attitude.” 
He gets another head bob from her as she puts away the bullet and gun into her purse and at his order walks away going out of sight which he sighs and goes inside the apartment locking both doors. Jinks mentally will the Darkness and Master away from him feeling himself better from doing it.  
Jinks goes into the kitchen thinking “I should be eating some food.” 
Jinks do then goes to the couch to sit leaning back staring at the TV and feels sleepiness to shut his eyes dreaming of facing Lance who has an all black eyed look. Lance that puts a finger to his lips and points a finger down then backs up followed by a figure appearing in a flash of light between him and Lance.
Jinks hears Lance tell the male he figures is his son “You’re to take advantage of Niamah sexually in some firm tone.” then the figure disappears in a flash of light which he figures is Lance Knight himself. 
Jinks frown feeling he annoyed as Lance again puts a finger to his lips and then folds his arms as a figure appears with long hair and appearing to look feminine despite back to him in some black dress. He frowns wondering who she is as Lance calls her Lizette and relays everything her brother has done to her father not leaving out the stunts played at a recent tournament along with his treatment towards his wife omitting she trying to shoot him in the chest. Jinks saved his life and that Lizette should confront her brother about that attitude period along with getting her brother to change his attitude and do what it takes to get him to do it. He finds Lizette disappears in a flash of light followed by Lance again doing that finger to mouth thing and gets a male form with shorter hair appearing in flash of light.
Lance tells him “Niamah Knight’s divorce attitude is serious threat. You should contact a lawyer to get Lizette work her special abilities to get her brother to sign some form agreeing to pay Niamah a high price tag of alimony and child support payments for the kids. She’s seeking primary custody of them and that the form should issue that Lance Knight should pay out of his own pocket and not without help from the Master Organization. You making sure that Lance Knight signs the form recognizing Jinks Montreal as the leader and Master of the Master Organization and vessel of Lance myself. Lance Knight recognizes Jinks Montreal as a source of how he came to existence and should proceed in doing this form and lawyer thing immediately. At the proper time tell Lizette about what was said to him via Lance Richard deity lord.” 
He sees the male nod his head followed by disappearing in a flash of light. Jinks frown as Lance takes some steps forward and gags him on the throat by hand on his neck.
Jinks hear him speak “You should put aside your anger towards Lance Knight period. You should let me handle punishing the son as I see fit to do it. I have put plans in motion for that punishment to happen. I don’t want Jinks I names to interfere with that period.” 
He gags out “Fine…” comment and again hears from Lance “My plans involve having Lance Knight drop competing in karate to stay with his wife Niamah and their children. He is to give support to you competing while holding the karate federation President’s position. I’m going to emphasize to people through contact that they should keep an eye on Lance Knight holding the position. Including warning him if he competes it means he’s dropped the titled position period. He has to fight to get it back through election means.” 
Jinks doesn’t comment as his eyes are force shut comes to hearing the doorbell ringing frowns gets up eyeing the TV seeing it’s the next day around two o’clock in the afternoon and hits the door to find a package box on the porch which he hauls inside and shuts the doors locking them. 
He finds inside the box is a cell phone with equipment for it along with letter from Lizette “I’m issuing a phone number for Dad to call for a Highlander driver to take him places that Megumi’s car was sold to some chop shop that chopped it up and wasn’t able to get it back.” 
He continues to read finding another phone number includes with Lizette’s name saying “Call me!” and puts both phone numbers into the cell phone along with hooking it up to his jean’s pants and feels better having it. 
Jinks sits down on the couch and gets up figuring that he’ll go eat and shower along with an exchange of clothes which he showers but goes into his bedroom naked and compelled puts on his sweatpants and feels tiredness hitting him wonders what brought that on lies on the bed and pulls the blanket up to his chest and shuts his eyes passing out unconscious.

Jinks wound up to dream of facing Lance who again does that finger to lip gesture while having Master in control and folding his arms.  Jinks frown as Lance Knight he assumes by hair appears with a similar light show and sees Lance hug his son followed by asking him various questions.
“Why you haven’t taken advantage of Niamah sexually? What’s going on with the balking if you truly love her?” and hears his son blurt “I loves Niamah and don’t want to hurt her doing the sexual act of force onto her.” 
He continues to listen as Lance hugs his son who sounds out crying sounds before the deity lord stops hugging his son followed by talking to him who hears before his son disappears in a flash of light. 
Jinks frown as Lance gags him on the throat again and spoke “I issue you to treat Lance Knight with fatherly love. He needs a father and didn’t get it from Roosevelt Knight despite that male raising him in his life.” 
Jinks nods his head and gets his eyes forced shut passing out unconscious to come to hearing the doorbell ringing which he gets up and finds a package in the mail and takes it out to see its for a tournament at a college for black belts and he’s registered to compete later that day. He eyes the TV’s clock seeing that it’s been two days since he was knocked out unconscious figures he’ll go to the tournament gets himself showered and dressed in karate uniform along with belt and shoes then eats then recalls the cell phone.
Jinks dials for the driver who sounding Highlander like says “I’ll come and ring your doorbell once arrived.” 
Jinks shuts off cell phone sits on the couch waiting and hears the doorbell ringing gets the Highlander driver who takes him to a car and he sits in it eyes out the window as the car drives him to the college he sees is familiar and told “Your to call me once your done.” 
Jinks enters the tournament registering and then enters the gym room sensing himself filmed to find Lance Knight seated wearing regular clothes instead of a uniform which he goes nearby him and sets his bag down to do his stretching after removing shoes and socks then gets into his karate gear. He competes winning the tournament poses for pictures and with his trophy takes it to his bag putting on his shoes and socks then gets a tap on his shoulder.
Jinks see is Lance Knight who tells him “Good work!” adds “I’m retired from competing to hold the karate federation’s President Position. I want to know how you feel competing noticing you have some expression on your face.” 
Jinks honestly says “I feel calm when competing.” seeing Lance Knight not surprised by that admission senses “Lizette admitted the same thing.”  
Lance Knight he listens then asks him “If you have a driver?” which he honestly says “Lizette gave me a cell phone to call for a driver.” and then his son says “Good luck competing in tournament.” 
Jinks picks up his bag and leaves carrying it along with trophy. He goes outside to call for his driver via cell phone to meet him at a location. The driver arrives and he orders for him to get him home which the Highlander obeys. Once home puts the trophy in the basement along with his karate uniform and gear in the closet and puts on some clothes then sits on the couch shutting his eyes only to wake up hearing the phone ringing finding that its two days have passed. 
Jinks finds via phone “It’s Scotland. We’re ordering Jinks Montreal to go to New York City to a location. He’s wanted there and that his driver has been ordered to drive him there and will arrive soon.” 
He frowns as he sits on the couch with Parrot on his lap and waits as the doorbell rings which he finds his familiar driver there goes to the car a sedan and gets inside which takes him to Roosevelt’s building in New York City. 
He finds a Highlander guard there that tells him “I’m ordered to take the Master to a location in the building period with instructions once he arrives.” 
Jinks obeys and finds himself in a room with a circular table with walls having black curtains along with feeling himself filmed and ordered by the guard “The Master is to flare his eyes special along with hiding himself behind a curtain period.” 
Jinks obeys and sees that their see through from his point of view but appearing to be black when he looks at them the other side. He waits feeling annoyed while having the Master in control. Lance Knight wearing all black clothing enters the room appearing to not be alerted of him in the room who goes to a chair and sits opposite from the door with arms folded and legs on the table while glaring at the door with some smirk look on his face. Jinks frown as the door opens and some old Asian male wearing a business suit and tie in color brown enters the room looking confused then annoyed seeing Lance Knight. 
Jinks listens as Lance Knight in some sarcastic tone tells the Asian calling him “Bo Huang Senior, I’m kicking you out of your official position for abusing your position. I accuse you of being behind the stunts pulled to kick myself out of the President position to take my place. 
People reportedly saying ‘We want Lance Knight to keep the position after the term is up.’ and have refused to recognize officials challenging me to the position.” 
Jinks continued to watch and listen as Huang sounding annoyed “Lance Knight you as President have no proof of your words. The federation’s attitude is Tan Lee’s influencing them. I have enough of Tan Lee’s input on running things and Lance I names acting like a puppet to Tan Lee. I want Tan Lee out of the federation’s affairs period including removing his puppet period that apparently doesn’t have experience to running the federation hence you acting like a puppet to Tan Lee.” 
Jinks feels annoyed hearing that as Lance Knight bursts out laughing sarcastically before adding “I’m running the federation on my own without Tan Lee’s help. I should add that when I was declared president I told Tan Lee to back off on influencing me on running things. I told Tan Lee to letting me learn how to handle the position by myself. I have been running the position fine by experience of running a group.” 
He hears from Huang “Lance Knight is a puppet period. I’ll see that you’re removed from position doing what it takes period.” 
Jinks hears from Lance Knight in response a sarcastic “Suit yourself!” which he finds himself floating above his body and sees it change into Lance Richard who walks out from behind the curtain speaking loudly “Huang is a fool to not to believe Lance Knight I names.” 
Jinks frown as Lance spoke “I introduce myself as Lance Richard deity lord and leader of the group Master Organization. My vessel is Jinks Montreal himself. Lance Knight my namesake ran the group while my vessel was indisposed medically for awhile. Lance Knight has experience with running titled positions. Huang is a fool to think of that attitude period.” 
Jinks frown hearing Huang’s voice sounding annoyed calling “Lance Richard is a lunatic.” 
Jinks sees Lance hold up a hand along with hearing choking sounds and hears Lance add “The choking you Huang is feeling at the moment is from me mentally ordering you to choke. You will quit your ridiculous treatment towards Lance Knight period or else. I’ll order the Master Organization’s minions to do something bad to you as in something permanent to bring you down.” 
He continues to watch as Lance drops his hand and hears the choking stop along with a loud gasp sound followed by Lance adding “I mean it with my words period. I expect you Huang to change your attitude or lose this battle.” 
He hears nothing from Huang but Lance adding “You Huang is to leave now!”
Along with a door opening sound and closing sees the scene go black and finds himself back into his body glaring at the door with Huang gone from the room and Lance Knight still seated who gets up.
Lance Knight speaks “The stunts played on me suggested that Huang is desperate to kick me out of the position. I’m still awaiting results on Huang’s background check as ordered once he was pointed out to be responsible for the stunts.” 
He hears a door knocking sound in response and waits as Highlander wearing a suit enters the room carrying a briefcase that sets it on the table and opens it along with pulling out a thick folder and puts it on the table.
The Highlander speaks “Mister Knight and Mister Montreal should check the file out.” then closes the briefcase and leaves the room.
Jinks sees Lance Knight open the folder and appears to be scanning the documents fast before saying “Its results on Huang that indicate that he has some kind of gambling problem. As in losing money large sums on bets in fights illegal or legal that the official position he held money stipend isn’t very much for him to pay off his debts. That holding the President’s position would help him pay off his debts by how high priced the stipend is along with further his gambling addiction. There’s people referred as a mob gang breathing down his neck to pay them their money he took from them to do gambling he lost in bets.” 
Jinks frown as Lance adds “From the papers the mob has given Huang a deadline to pay them back their money or they’ll do something permanently bad to him in response if he doesn’t pay.”
Jinks speaks as if compelled says “The Master Organization should help get Huang some help for his gambling addiction with getting people to back off demanding their money back. That should be used against Huang to back off his attitude towards you.” 
He finds Lance Knight looking at him with a frown finds himself floating above his body and sees it change into Lance who spoke “I insist on Lance Knight doing what my vessel has ordered. That helping Huang would get that male under the Master Organization’s thumb with his family into the Master Organization’s safety. This including forcing Huang to quit his gambling habit on a permanent basis. I suspects that Huang’s family isn’t happy about the habit and hasn’t had much luck on getting him to quit the addiction.” 
He hears a door knocking sound rapid fire four times watches as Lance darts to stand next to the door back to the wall and continues to watch as the door opens showing Janel entering the room with panic on her face and Huang behind her having an arm around her neck along with hand on her head. 
He watches as Huang spoke “I orders Janel to toss a paper and pen onto the table. I demands Lance Knight to sign the contents or she dies.” 
Jinks watched as Lance sneaks behind Huang to wave a hand seeing the male slip off Janel hitting the floor. This is followed by Lance putting a hand on Huang’s forehead who’s eyes are open then sees Huang shut them followed by opening them with some zoned out look appearing to be seen. Lance stands up and view goes black which he finds himself back into his body staring at Huang who gets up with zoned out look on his face and leaves the room door shutting behind him. 
Jinks looks away to spot Lance Knight has Janel in a hug grip and his son gives him a glare mouthing words which he lip reads “I’m ordering you to leave and let me handle getting Mother some help from this situation.” 
Jinks will the Master away and walk out of the room to meet a Highlander wearing a Master Organization army uniform who insists to him on escorting him to the car. Jinks takes the elevator to the garage room and finds his car with familiar driver in front of it gets inside and buckling up his seatbelt and shuts his eyes due to feeling sleepy to dream of Lance having an all black eyed glare. 
Jinks frown as Lance speaks “The situation of Huang isn’t easily solved. The male is dead set in his ways and that the gambling addiction is very strong within him and not easily to get rid of. Huang has repeatedly balked on admitting that he has a problem he’s very strongly denied the problem to people including own family members as well.” 
Jinks frown hearing that as Lance forced his eyes shut which he came to hearing car horns jerked open his eyes to discover that the car was on the highway that led to the Connecticut border and driving slow while hearing multiple car horns.
Jinks spoke “I’m asking what’s going on?” and gets from the driver “There’s an accident on the highway blocking parts of the lanes and that traffic has to go slow to pass the accident. There’s emergency vehicles and personal there attending to the people hurt and cleaning up the accident damage to clear up the highway. Hence the slow traffic and stopped cars honking horns trying to change lanes with other drivers being too rude to let them do it from the looks of it.” 
He frowns and asks “If that’s a problem with the vehicle I’m in?” and hears from the driver “I had the radio on and heard the thing announce the accident just prior to reaching this stretch of highway. I got the car into position just to avoid being stopped and waiting for someone to be polite enough to let them change lanes. I managed to let one driver change lanes in front of me but felt like I couldn’t let the other drivers do the same thing to me. I was sensing that the driver behind me would try to pass by so I kept on driving after that change. Isn’t seeing other drivers follow my example in my views of behind.” and adds “The accident is coming up seeing a police car parked blocking lanes ahead.” 
Jinks frown to look out the window off his right to see as the car slowly drove by the police car and accident he sees with distaste running through him involves two vehicles. One appearing to be a sedan and some Sport Utility Vehicle dubbed SUV appearing to look like the sedan crashed its front into the SUV’s back judging by it appearing to look bent up. Jinks notices that medics are examining people which he assumes are the vehicles occupants and notices that they don’t look too injured to him. He gets a memory of himself as a twenty year old driving his mother’s sedan with his mother besides him in the passenger. The driving is on some country road in another part of the state of Connecticut during the summer time. His mom wanted to explore the state’s parks as a summer vacation and allowed him to drive on back roads. Jinks did driving following speed limits ordered by her to go around a curve to notice too late a SUV ahead that is stopped by brake lights on and pressed the brake to stop the car. Only to have it bang into the SUV’s back causing similar damage as to the accident he witnessed and the driver some big male got out wearing some military uniform. He now recalls was identical to the Master Organization uniform looking like he had a smirk on his face that changed to look shocked seeing him in the driver’s seat while hearing a gasp sound from his mother. Jinks see the male driver speaking words touching some device on his shoulder which he lip read saying the words “Scrub it the progeny is aboard!” 
The male then gets back into the SUV and drives off leaving them which he discovered the car was kaput from the crash and refused to budge from its spot no matter how he tried to get it to restart. Jinks continued to feel distaste running through him that the road their car was on was in part of a state forest and a back road from the looks of that didn’t look very well traveled. By how new the pavement looked not looking like it was driven on very much and continues to remember that it started to rain hard abruptly along with thundering and lightening all around them with tree limbs hitting the road and on the car around them. Jinks discovered that the storm seemed lengthy and continued for hours’ time kept by his mother’s watch he checked each time he asked her for the time. Jinks sensed that she seemed angry with something and refused to tell him what was bothering her at all despite his repeated asking her. Jinks frowned recalling the memory that it was early morning the next day with the sunrise after some sleep woken up abruptly hearing sirens.
Jinks woke his mother up to say “I heard noises.” and a police vehicle arrived lights flashing driving in some slow manner before stopping behind their car. 
His mother told him “You’re to keep your mouth shut about the driver of the SUV’s description!” 
Jinks got out of the car to see the police there and just say via his Mother’s wording “She says the SUV after being hit drove off abruptly without driver getting out checking onto us. We didn’t get the license plate.” 
Jinks recalls felt confused about that saw his mother was serious about it by her expression obeyed to get out with her and acted as interpreter to the cop and to his mother to communicate between each other. His mother kept the story she told him to say to the officer. Jinks recalled a tow truck arrived soon after towing a car which was exchanged for his mother’s car who ordered him to drive to the college campus immediately without stopping for anything. Jinks obeyed and once reaching the campus his mother seemingly calmer waved bye and drove off leaving him to spend the rest of the summer at the campus. This included with not replying back to him via written communication he sent her in the mail to a mail box at a post office in Hartford along with getting his latest letter returned to him saying address changed no forwarding address stamped on it.  Jinks recalled he got no communications from his mother until late October near Halloween.
He got was a postcard in her handwriting saying “I’m seeing you on that date of Halloween.” with post office card stamped origin from New Haven.
Jinks waited all day skipping classes in his room on that day and felt frustration when it was apparent she wasn’t showing up went to bed and woke up the next day to discover some freak ice storm hit during the night coating things in ice and that the college insisted on having classes that day despite the mess outside. He felt himself angry recalling that he went to his English class and saw that the teacher was giving him pitying looks during the teaching and remembered what went next clear in his mind. Jinks continued to remember that he found no home address for his mother among her personal things in the car at the junkyard and figured from the things in it that she was sleeping in it. He continued to remember along with finding her personal private information for money accounts with some letter with a logo on its letterhead and California address.
The letter saying “We could only find room for burying an ash jar with a small tombstone marking the burial for the plot.” related to some last name he found was identical to his high school football coach. 
He recalled himself figuring back then that they were related tried to get in contact with the male about his mother and got no reply within the time frame the mortuary said “We’ll hold the victim, your mother’s body till we’ll burn it and use the ashes as some lawn fertilizer.” 
He was forced to pay using his own money and his mother’s to get her ashes to the California cemetery for them to bury it in the plot along with paying for a tombstone with instructions on what should be carved on it only saying “Beloved mother!” and nothing else.
Jinks due to not knowing what year she was born or her original name. He remembered that she used various names over the years she raised him when traveling all over the USA and stuck with naming him Jinks Montreal when they first started living in Connecticut in Wethersfield after apparently stopped the nomad living life to his relief. He remembered with annoyance taking hold that he had to use a good amount of money to pay for his mother’s ashes to be transferred by plane to California and buried in the plot along with tombstone created. The money paying didn’t leave him enough money allotted to pay four classes he wanted to take to graduate within a time frame at the college along with money left over to pay for his necessary things such as meals. Jinks continued to stew feeling himself annoyed that he got no communication from the high school football coach despite sending letters asking him to talk about his mother and addressing his location including his Winsted address as well. He figured to himself that was how Roosevelt found him to manipulate him to mate with Janel and playing some joke trick on him. He continued as rage hit him recalling that he wound up knocked out after some old man he remembered now was sounding like Roosevelt in disguise talking to him about his father and his angry reaction to that talk. He fumed recalling that he was put in an insane asylum after that talk due to waking up in one. Jinks figured to himself that Janel with pity in her eyes seen back then must have convinced Roosevelt to let him out and have him see her as his wife some website online said some stalker was targeting Mr. Knight and she wanted to be safe while her real husband fought off the stalker. He leaned back in the seat and shut his eyes forcing himself to mediate recalling what the doctor told him about Janel and his son after she was admitted to the hospital which he figured was another trick by Roosevelt who must have gotten rid of the stalker and wanted Janel back in his hands hence the joke played. Jinks breathed deeply recalling he waking up in Lance’s body and his reaction towards Janel once healthy enough to get up from bed. He figured to himself that it was some kind of drug taking effect within his body system that made him want to mate hence he doing it to Janel with her not resisting to him manipulating her to do the mating. Jinks continued to breathe deeply recalling that he used the bathroom’s entire facilities after done mating with Janel after she left him in there. 
He heard from the driver abruptly “I need to stop and make a call on the cell phone for its time for me to do it.” 
He didn’t answer wordlessly kept his eyes shut felt the car go into park along with the driver getting out slamming the door. Jinks sighed feeling himself relaxing from the mediation opened his eyes and peered out the window at the driver who he saw was on the cell phone partially back to the car while standing in some retail store parking lot. Jinks frowned watching the driver pull the cell phone off his ear holding it arm length away from him while shaking his head in some human no gesture before resuming putting the device back to his pointed ear looking at the car then turned around back fully facing it. Jinks continued to watch as the driver’s conversation seemed lengthy followed by the driver putting away the cell phone and pocketing before turning around with some frown expression on the face and got into the car and started it up. 
He spoke “What was that call about? I saw how you handled that cell phone while talking on it.” 
He heard in response “Just reporting to my boss about not able to return to a location within an ordered time frame that accident on the highway and traffic in New York City bad as usual that took me too long to get to the highway.”
He heard nothing more from the driver as the male drove the car through Connecticut reaching Wethersfield which he was ordered out once reaching his apartment complex and obeyed. Jinks walked out and sensed the familiar filming sensation sighed from that to walk towards his apartment to glimpse walking around a red wooden fenced yard three kids on the porch he recognized one at first meeting Owen O’Brien and halted his walk staring at the kids eyeing them with annoyance within him which he backed up and kept the fence hiding his form as he peered at them. He watched as the kids appeared to look around appearing to not see him which one opened the porch door and fiddled with it then slammed it shut along with appearing to yank at it before letting the doorknob go. He felt annoyance take hold as the kids darted in his direction appearing to be laughing which he walked into view to see the kids halt with shocked expressions on their faces followed by scattering in different directions running out of sight. Jinks felt himself further annoyed walked to his apartment door to fiddle with the doorknob finding it locked shut. Jinks let go and with a Humph sound turned to look behind him willing the Master through while standing with arms folded to focus his eyes on one of the fences opposite from the fence he peered around at sensing people there watching him. Jinks looked at the camera dome ball in the ceiling then looked away back at the fence feeling he further annoyed for the people were too far for him to manipulate them with his Master’s powers. Jinks turned around and willed himself to calm along with waving a hand and saw both doors opened showing Parrot in the hallway that streaked out through the doorway in a blur. Jinks stiffened from that but felt relief when he felt pressure on his shoulder along with a loud meow sounding in his ear and feeling a cat face rubbing the side of his head. Jinks groaned reached with both hands to remove Parrot off his shoulder and adjusted the cat to carry her with one arm hand hold which he went inside locking both doors then went to the couch to sit adjusting the cat to stand on his lap. He stared at Parrot as he leaned back against the couch and frowned again as he felt her get onto his shoulder again rubbing her face on his head.
Jinks spoke out loud “How the depths did Megumi stand having you doing that parrot behavior to her?”
He heard nothing in response sighed and felt sleepy eyed the clock seeing it was an mid afternoon hour and groaned shutting his eyes to dream of Lance Knight looking angry seated on a bench next to a seated Asian male smirking wearing a karate uniform grab the man by the head in quick move and jerked it as if breaking the male’s neck and saw the victim slid to the floor as if dead. Jinks saw the dream went black came to with a gasp hearing the doorbell ringing while having night vision in his eyes sight groaned sensing Parrot elsewhere in the room and not on him went to the front door to peer through using his powers seeing a female form wearing some head scarf and sunglasses covering her eyes while wearing a trench coat stiffened as his senses blared abruptly seeing a suitcase next to her along with her holding a purse. Jinks peered through the peephole to see the female which he focused on her lips sensing that they seemed familiar and again got his senses blaring. Jinks figured was Janel herself left the porch light off and opened the doors gently grabbing her and her suitcase and pulled them both inside. He locked both doors and heard her give off oh sound in Janel’s voice tone which he sighed from being correct on his assumption. Jinks sighed as he saw Parrot standing on Janel’s shoulder sniffing her head while Janel was blindly feeling the cat. 
He spoke “Excuse me Janel, that’s Parrot a cat I was given. She habitually likes to stand on people’s shoulders and has been doing it to me repeatedly. I don’t know how her former owner handled that behavior.” 
He went to Janel and removed the cat off who didn’t protest to that which he placed Parrot on the floor and rubbed the cat’s back then took Janel’s arm and grabbed her suitcase which he took them both to his bedroom. Once inside his bedroom Jinks spoke to Janel where everything was in the bedroom along with how to get to the bathroom blindly
Jinks added “You would have to keep the light off until its door was completely shut from its proximity near the skylight in the ceiling above in the hallway.” 
He heard from Janel “Jinks help me put away my disguise will you?”
He obeyed taking her clothes from her she handed him putting it in the suitcase till she was naked and heard from her “Jinks shouldn’t you be doing the same?”
He sighed feeling himself getting the desire to mate from eyeing her naked body stripped himself of his clothes and shoes and went to Janel lifting her up. He carried her to the bed laying her form on top of it and sighed from feeling her skin touching his skin giving him feelings of pleasure hitting him as he laid his form on top of her. Jinks sighed again and rubbed hands on her breasts fondling the nipples hearing her sigh loudly from that while feeling her hands on his head massaging his scalp. He brought his hands to her sides and entered her thrusting in rhythm while feeling her liking it as he stared at her in the face seeing her eyes closed with some pleasant expression on it. Jinks felt himself spill inside Janel hearing her gasp loudly while feeling a charge of pleasure hit him and again felt himself still itching to mate proceeded to do it with similar results from himself and her. He adjusted his position till his face was level with Janel’s face and brought his lips to her lips kissing her lengthy sensing her kissing him back till she gave off mm sounds. 
He broke it off to stare at Janel who spoke “Hmm your good, Jinks. Lizzy doesn’t seem to care about us but Lanny is a little put out by that.” 
Jinks frowned hearing Janel refer their children by the names of Lizzy and Lanny as she continued to talk “I had to with a great deal of convincing to Lanny that I was fine despite the incident of my life threatened. I went to home and decided to go to you for your better than anything else I need for my life anyway.” 
Jinks sighed and heard nothing more from Janel which he looked at her and sensed that she had fallen asleep. He eyed the clock seeing the time of eight o’clock in the evening and groaned feeling sleepiness adjusted his position to pull out of Janel and held her in his arms while shutting his eyes. 
He dreamed of Lance who had an all black eyed glare that made him feel nervous as the male spoke “Spill it Jinks, you got something on your mind so talk what it is now or else.” 
He groaned and spoke the entire contents of his dream involving Lance Knight getting no reaction from Lance and spoke “That’s about it.” 
He stared at Lance who looked away in another direction as he heard giggling sounds sounding familiar to him in that direction the male was looking that sounded of a Meritanian’s snickering like laughter at the time. Jinks turned his head to look only to get his eyes forced shut by Lance’s hand and didn’t glimpse the sound’s source which confused me that Lance was balking on letting Jinks see the Meritanians.

Jinks came to hearing the doorbell ringing groaned loudly feeling Janel still held in his arms and heard her groan out “Drat that’s got to be Lanny doing it.” 
Jinks eyed the clock to see the time of six o’clock in the morning blared on it. 
He spoke recalling several incidents of Lance Knight catching them together “That’s ridiculous! He’s always never this late when catching us together. It’s got to be someone else so excuse me while I go see who it is.” 
He heard a groan sound from Janel gently removed her off of him and got up going to his sweatpants slung over the armchair in the room which he put on covering himself from the waist down. Jinks frowned hearing that the doorbell had ceased its ringing sound as he went downstairs to the front door and used his Master powers to see out the door seeing a familiar male with arms folded that looked up showing his face as Lance Knight with facial in a glare expression before resuming looking at the door. Jinks flicked on the porch light and the stairwell light along with opening the door only to see Lance Knight wave a hand with the Master in control and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the doorbell ringing found himself lying on the couch jerked open his eyes to glare at the TV to see it was six thirty in the morning but frowned as his senses blared which he eyed the TV’s date and calculated days figuring out that it was the next day since Lance Knight’s unannounced visit. Jinks groaned and went to the front door checking it out using the Master and peering through the peephole. Jinks found no one out there opened both doors leaving the screen door shut sensing Parrot in the hallway. Jinks went to his mailbox and yanked out a manila envelope and went inside the apartment locking both doors. He sighed finding the lights were off went to turn on the living room lights and yanked open the manila envelope to find a familiar paper.
“We’re instructing Jinks Montreal to a tournament in Connecticut near the border at the high school for black belts as part of his requirement after winning the required tournament to go compete in one more local karate federation districted tournament before advancing to the next round of tournaments to compete in earning money prizes in the process of winning the titles.” blared the notice.
 He sighed and read “Jinks Montreal was to present the paper forms included at the tournament registration at a late morning hour of ten o’clock.” 
Jinks sighed and proceeded to get he ready for the journey for the tournament which once done called his driver on his landline and told “I’ll ring the doorbell once arrived.” 
He sat and eyed the TV staring its blank screen as Parrot got onto his shoulder again giving off a loud meow and rubbing her face on his head. Jinks sighed and removed the cat off the area putting her on the couch next to him mindful of her shedding black fur to keep it off his white uniform. Jinks sighed hearing the doorbell ringing gathered his stuff and hauled it to the front door to yank it open staring with shock seeing Lance Knight there with arms folded whose eyes weren’t all black. Jinks frowned as Lance Knight’s eyes narrowed pointing a finger at his eyes and jabbed it at him. 
He sighed and recalled the Master in control willed it away and stared at his son who spoke “We need to spend some time together in private without interruptions of people. So come on! I’ll get you to the car where that thing is going to take us both to the tournament.” 
Jinks without a word got out of the apartment locking the front door and frown seeing Lance Knight manipulate the screen door lock locking it in its closed position as it was slammed shut. 
He felt himself annoyed with that as Lance Knight spoke “I heard something about kids in the neighborhood pulling some joke onto you with the screen door caught on recorders repeatedly. Here’s to hoping that they’ll get frustrated once they find the door locked enough to think of something else. The kids are being watched your pass history trouble with kids in this neighborhood anyway.” 
Jinks frowned to nod his head and wordlessly followed Lance Knight to the car seeing it was a limo which once inside he sat and frowned forming it on his lips as the car drove driven by a Highlander driver. 
He heard from Lance Knight “Alright stepfather, I had my mother tracked via homing beacon placed hidden. I didn’t get the information of her location till nine o’clock in the evening after she was reported missing around seven o’clock. The kids wound up distracting me for hours them being on the sick side complaining of some stomachache making them hard to sleep. I wound up at a last resort using special abilities to put the kids and Niamah asleep so I could get out and get my mother away from you.” 
Jinks didn’t comment to his son’s remarks or wasn’t sensed commenting to the remark of referring as stepfather despite Lance Knight being his son who continued talking “As for the tournament your competing in the karate federation has come up with the idea of having black belts win local karate districted tournaments back to back in a row for the right to compete in tournaments to earn money prizes. That idea was put in place by Papa when he held the position reports of people competing only to win a tournament to gain money for bettering their lifestyle instead of love of competing to be the best. Papa came up with that idea just to weed out people with that attitude and make it sure that only people who loved to compete were the ones who earned the money.”
Jinks didn’t comment kept his mouth shut as he stared at Lance Knight who paused to clear his throat figured that his son wanted him to talk spoke “Oh just curious is there any other tournament requirements to get to the highest tournament title whatever it is?”
He frowned as Lance Knight gave off an hmm sound and then his son spoke “Actually there are tournament requirements for that. You have to win a certain tournament to gain the right to compete for the World Champion title that is the highest tournament. The World Champion title only involves two fighters who fight for it.”
Jinks gave a head bob as Lance Knight continued talking “Lucky Lizette won all the tournaments undefeated including that title. She retired after the win to focus on her relationship with Jayden. She doesn’t have an excuse for fighting again having a son Takemura. I don’t know why she insisted on that name despite Jayden’s father known among the Master Organization as that name instead of some royal title for Table members to use among the lower ranking members of the group.”
He shrugged in response as Lance Knight looked away from him to appearing to stare out the window. Jinks did the same looking at the scenery and sensed nothing from his son till the limo arrived at a parking lot and parked next to an identical sized limo but different color. Jinks got out following Lance Knight to the tournament place which he stood in line waiting to resister as his son walked inside the gymnasium he assumed was where the tournament was being held. He found other black belts getting into line behind him and noticed one staring at him intensively while feeling a headache. Jinks eyed the male to see he had short black hair with an Asian as their called despite a Highlander’s look on his face. Jinks frowned as the dream of Lance Knight killing an Asian male flashed in his mind as the Asian continued to stare at him then looked away feeling the headache stopping which he eyed the male’s Human ears feeling his senses blare warning when his eyes fell on them. Jinks registered getting no protest from the woman went into the gymnasium sensing he filmed to sit on the floor next to Lance Knight seated on the bench with an Asian male seated wearing a karate uniform and crutches next to him. Jinks let his mind wander as he stretched bare feet then once done swung himself up and put on his fighting gear and sat crossed legged waiting for the official to come up to him telling him who he was fighting. He eyed the Asian male who stared at him earlier to see him getting into a fighting ring without karate gear and frowned as the male instead of fighting put a hand on his fist in front of him and bowed towards his opponent then walked away going in his direction. He eyed the male watching him sit down next to Lance Knight who appeared to ignore him. 
Jinks felt a tap on his shoulder and looked seeing an official who told him “Your up next to fight and should follow me to the fighter.” which he obeyed finding himself in the ring with the fighter the Asian male forfeit his fight by the bow. 
Jinks felt he calm despite being in the ring waited as the official gave up the word and fought his opponent easily knocking him down twice to win the bout which he was declared the winner by the official refereeing it. He found his opponent a willing participant on shaking his hands in good sportsmanship. Jinks walked away going towards Lance Knight to see an angry look on his son’s face who was staring at the floor. Jinks stiffened as the male reached hands towards the Asian off his left having some smirk look on his face while aiming for the man’s head. He widened his eyes as Lance Knight was abruptly yanked up into a standing position by hands grabbing his shirt from behind which his son shook off to turn around with a glare. 
He saw the Asian that forfeit the fight get into Lance’s face appearing to speak normally which he paused from walking to lip read “Kill him and you’ll destroy your life giving your enemies what they want in the first place. Don’t you dare do the killing no mater how tempted.”
Jinks frowned as Lance Knight spoke appearing to be normal which he lips read “Who the depths are you actually? You seem to be aware of this mood of mine by actually being some mind walker.” 
Jinks walked forwards eyes on the Asian who formed a frown before speaking he lip read “The Human name is Tad Carlsbad and I don’t have a life except being used for people to gain money my Highlander Human hybrid status. A Human named Bo Huang is using me for betting on tournaments I win by gaining money from me winning. I have yet to see a single cent from the tournaments I’ve won which Huang said he’ll give me the money which he hasn’t.”
Jinks reached Lance Knight to put a hand on his son’s shoulder who looked at him with a glare shaking off his hand and speaking to him “Dad let me handle this. I’m the karate federation’s president. Just worry about competing.” 
He obeyed to go sit next to the Asian with crutches who wasn’t smirking instead seemed to have some glare on his face. Jinks sat and watched the tournament to abruptly look at the Asian next to him to see the male had a syringe in his right hand with wrist blocked by a bar appearing to be some cane holding the arm away from him. He saw the Asian look away with a glare on his face and did a double take look followed by appearing to hand the syringe to the cane’s owner which the cane he saw whacked the male on the head who jerked from that. He looked away seeing that the cane’s owner was gone and heard a familiar male voice speaking nonsense sounds on microphone frowned hearing that and eyed Lance Knight to see Tad gone as the voice stopped its chatter and saw his son looking confused go up to him to sit down next to him on the bench. 
Jinks turned as if compelled willing the Master through and spoke to the Asian looking at him with widen eyes while speaking words shocking he “Bo Huang Junior, trust me and my people to help you with your problems.” 
He paused as Bo he assumed he’ll call him bobbed his head in a yes Human gesture which he willed the Master away seeing the male’s eyes again widen followed by looking away from him to watch the competitors compete. 
Jinks sighed feeling a tap on the shoulder from Lance Knight which he looked at his son who spoke “Dad switch places with me. I want to talk to Bo about something.”
He obeyed and sat eyeing his son have a whispered worded conversation with Bo by mouth near the ear along with them both appearing to have a hand covering their mouths to prevent lip reading from being done. Jinks looked away feeling a tap on the shoulder to see an official who spoke ordering him up come with him to a ring to fight. Jinks obeyed finding he fighting a male with dark skin and long braided hair pulled back who gave up a big fight fighting defensively to his offensive moves before he found an opening and knocked him down. He again got the same fighting attitude but felt he using defensive moves along with his offensive moves which he again knocked down his opponent and was declared the winner by the referee. Jinks didn’t protest as the fighter shook hands with him then he went to sit next to Lance Knight who had a glare on his face which he frowned seeing that expression. 
Jinks heard from Lance Knight “That fighter you fought wasn’t supposed to meet you in the preliminary round already winning a fight and that other registered black belts seen hadn’t had a chance to fight yet.” 
He stiffened hearing that as his son continued “It’s against karate federation tournament rules to do that to fighters competing in tournaments regardless that they win a fight or not.” 
He shifted to look at Lance Knight to see Bo had eavesdropped by the expression on the face who formed a nervous look noticing him looking in his direction. 
Jinks leaned passed Lance Knight towards Bo and spoke “Don’t tell me your father had a hand in this stunt. Some gambling addiction problem he refused to admit enough to quit.”      
He heard a growl from Lance Knight in a fast move put a hand on his son’s throat restraining him while still leaning towards Bo who appeared to gulp before speaking “My father since his election to the position in karate federation has been pulling this stunt for awhile as an attempt to rig fights to earn money through betting with the help of a mob gang bribing officials to do this. He also has been betting on me to win fights by forcing me to compete in tournaments using his parental authority to override my wishes to quit.
My father said ‘Only a very serious injury diagnosed by doctor could do this quitting.’ 
My father blames your son for ruining his chances to win money rumor going around that your son has been the hand behind fighters getting injuries from mysterious circumstances they can’t explain after they defeat him in a tournament fight.” 
He formed a glare on his face and leaned back to glare at his son whom he spoke “Remember what Tad Carlsbad said and don’t you dare do it.” 
He got a confused look on Lance Knight’s face who spoke “Who’s Tad Carlsbad anyway? I don’t remember hearing anything from some guy named that.” 
Jinks opened his mouth and felt a tap on his shoulder which he looked to see an official telling him to come and fight which he stiffened as Lance Knight got up in the official’s face speaking in a loud tone “I don’t find it amusing having you break the rules making my father fight fighters who already won fights before all the registered black belts could fight so stop it now period.” 
He didn’t say a word eyed the official who appeared to gulp before the male spoke sounding nervous “Sorry I was bribed to do that to your father. Scuttlebutt is that someone wants him to lose a fight hence the bribery to throw various fighters at him.” 
He heard from his son “Don’t pull this stunt again on my father or on any of the black belts period regardless of bribed. You should have informed me of it and let me handle this situation.” 
He heard nothing from the official who nodded his head and walked off which Lance Knight sat down next to him eyes on the tournament who spoke “Humph! Someone is desperate for you to lose hence this stunt played.” 
He eyed Bo who looked nervous that appeared to have heard Lance Knight’s words and looked away aimed at the fighters. He wordlessly kept his mouth shut about it eyeing the fighters fight till another official came up to him and told him come fight which he got the go ahead by his son pointing a finger at the male. Jinks obeyed and fought in the tournament easily defeating his opponents and reached the title fight to find his opponent was a familiar male with braided hair that made him fight offensively till he knocked his opponent down. Jinks figured from memory of the previous fight with the male and found a way to easily defeat him again for the second time to win the tournament and declared the winner by the referee. He went to his bag to stuff away his fighting gear to notice Bo hobbling on crutches away from Lance Knight with a pained expression on his face and appeared to be in terrible pain from the way he hobbled with his feet walking for him. Jinks frowned eyeing that went to pose for photos with the trophy and then went to his bag to put on his shoes and socks then stared at Lance Knight who got up next to him and ordered him to come along which he obeyed carrying his bag and trophy. 
Jinks followed Lance Knight to the limo to find a big Asian male dressed in a suit looking threatening by the glare on his face that pointed a finger at the other limo next to it and spoke loudly “My boss wants to talk to you and insists on that now.” 
Jinks frowned as he followed Lance Knight to the other limo to find the window was open showing an old Asian male and heard his son snarl “Master Mao Tung Sing!”
He frowned as the Asian Mao he assumed spoke “Yes Mr. Knight you got it correct. I should warn you that bad people are betting on the fights and seeing what they can do to get a fighter to lose a fight so take that warning handy. You never know what will happen for these bad people are quite desperate to get their money they’ll do anything.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as the window rolled up followed by the big Asian getting into the driver’s side of the car and watched it drive away down the parking lot heard from Lance Knight a harrumph sound which he got into the car following his son and stiffened as his senses blared warning as the car started up. Jinks felt he compelled to grab Lance Knight’s arm in a tight grip followed by finding he lying on top of his son unconscious while hearing a roaring sound of a fire behind him. He looked removing himself off Lance Knight to see the limo was engulfed in fire and noticed nearby was the driver lying on the ground unconscious from the looks of it. He stood up looking around till his eyes focused on a limo nearby to notice it had stopped followed by the big Asian getting out looking in his direction then pulling out a device appearing to be a cell phone speaking onto it. Jinks focused on the Asian’s lips to discover that the male was speaking in foreign language due to not understanding a word said despite the lip reading. He looked down at Lance Knight that groaned shaking his head before resuming being unconscious while lying on top of a car door from the looks of it. He heard sirens and stood with arms folded as emergency crews arrived and attended to the car explosion along with attending to the victims and he as well which he didn’t protest as he was insisted on getting into an ambulance which he obeyed. Jinks sat in the ambulance as it took him to the nearest hospital in Connecticut and he was examined then ordered to go home and told to let them take care of Lance Knight and the driver. Jinks used their phone to call for a cab and got a female Highlander who agreed with his request and told where to be waiting for the cab service. Jinks went to wait and got into the cab once it arrived with a familiar Highlander driver who mentally told him he was the cab despite other cabs nearby which he got inside and it took him to the apartment complex in Wethersfield. Jinks went to his apartment to find the door locked which he used his powers to open it along with willing them away and got Parrot on his shoulder and carried the cat inside along with locking both doors and felt himself tired went to the couch to sit leaning back with the cat on his lap and shut his eyes passing out unconscious to dream of Lance. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “Alright Jinks before you assume, Mao and his henchmen had nothing to do with the car explosion. It was by someone else identified as Bo Huang hiring some guy to blow up the car that the driver fell asleep and felt a vibration on the car woke up to see someone running away. The driver wasn’t able to scan the man’s mind due to that the male ducked out of sight before he could do it. Besides Mao has some kind of weird attitude when it comes to karate that makes him seem old fashioned and old school and he has some hatred towards betting done in tournaments aimed at fighters. As for your son’s attitude, Mao was the one who taught Lance and his sister karate from the moment they were old enough to walk as in their personal teacher being the one who awarded them their black belts along with teaching them how to fight in tournaments as well. Your son’s attitude towards Mao is that Mao has emphasized of having Lance still see him as his Master in karate despite the teaching stopped and has kept it up towards your son despite not doing it to Lizette which your son is quite a bit miffed from that.” 
Jinks opened his mouth and felt his eyes forced shut came to hearing the phone ringing which he picked it up eyeing the caller ID seeing it was the hospital he was in.
He frowned as the doctor on the line spoke to him telling him “Jinks Montreal as a family member of Lance Knight he should be informed that his son left the hospital without doctor’s orders. We need to monitor Lance Knight for a head injury. We have contacted his wife to keep an eye on him if he shows any signs of head injury despite not showing anything at the moment.” 
Jinks frowned spoke “Fine.” then heard the dial tone in his ear hung up the phone and figured that he’ll get out of his karate uniform and get it cleaned along with a shower.
Jinks proceeded to do getting himself into his sweatpants and a sweatshirt top he found in a drawer. Jinks eyed the clock seeing it was around dinner time figured that he’ll eat which he went to the kitchen and ate some food finding himself terribly hungry and went to the living room once done to sit on the couch leaning back eyes on the TV’s blank screen. He heard the doorbell ringing its sound sighed and went to it using his Master powers to find Janel not wearing a disguise standing there which he willed the Master away from him then turned on the lights and yanked open the door to stare at her. 
Jinks frowned as Janel spoke “Mind if I come in? Like to talk to you on something you should know anyway. It’s regarding our son Lance.” 
Jinks without comment unlocked the screen door and let her in leaving the screen door closed and the front door open which he stood in the living room with arms folded staring at her. 
Janel spoke “I get to the point. Lance our son has for years displayed some kind of negative attitude towards being in the hospital. He has refused despite getting injuries to go to the hospital or have anything to do with being there even if it’s for a charity or visiting kids with some medical ailments regardless it would brighten a kid’s day.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as Janel gave up a sound of disgust followed by she speaking “I have to confess that after the incident of being threatened by a male I have been asking our children to teach me some self defense moves involving karate. Lance has put me off saying he was too busy and Lizette has used the excuse of being too busy with her son’s care to bother doing anything.”
Jinks frowned took Janel’s purse putting it on the couch dresser and recalled some self defense moves for Janel to get out of grips Bo Huang had her in proceeded to teach her the moves. His senses blared during the teaching and figured that Lance Knight was there from seeing him standing with arms folded watching the scene. 
Jinks twisted Janel till her back was to Lance Knight and spoke “Just stand there I’ll hit you from behind and I’m not going to give you any warning.” 
He stepped back and gestured towards Lance Knight to attack which his son proceeded to do and got Janel defending herself from the attack along with noticing his son get hit in the sensitive part by his mother which made him bend down groaning. 
Jinks heard Janel exclaim “Lanny sorry I didn’t notice that you were here!”   
Jinks eyed Lance Knight who showed black eyes followed by his son putting a hand on Janel’s forehead who formed a zoned out look and walked out of the apartment taking her purse which he ducked as his son’s leg swung at him. He found himself fighting defensively as Lance Knight proceeded to attack him using karate and figured by the expression on his son’s face and growling noises heard that he was angry with something and nothing would get him to drop the attack. Jinks willed the Master through and proceeded to use karate offensively and defensively onto his son who fought back till he was compelled to go to the basement ran away going into it slamming the door only to hear the door remain shut as he went down the steps and reaching the last one felt paralysis fell backwards landing on the stairs. He felt his eyes covered by a cloth abruptly and then blinked his eyes finding himself standing on the padded floor with paralysis gone from him along with feeling like he mated and his eyes not covered to feel a body ram into his back forcing him onto the floor. Jinks rolled around with the body removed itself and swung himself up to face Lance Knight that proceeded to kick at him. Jinks used karate to knock his son onto the floor hitting him kicked at him who blocked his kicking along with using moves to attempt to get him knocked down which he easily avoided dancing out of the way along with continuing kicking him. Jinks heard a doorbell sounding ignored the noise as Lance Knight got to his feet followed by compelled to go up the stairs to answer the door which he obeyed finding his son hadn’t followed went to the front door finding it open and saw a familiar blond woman there he recognized as Niamah Knight. 
Jinks opened the screen door and spoke as Niamah walked inside “He’s in the basement at the moment so wait in the living room for I’m not done having a word with him-” 
Niamah interrupted sounding angry “Your word with him has ended for it’s my turn to talk with my husband period!” 
Jinks heard an edge in Niamah’s voice tone went to the basement door and yanked it open then turned on the lights along with pointing a finger and spoke “He’s down there.” 
He heard loud growling noises from within there along with sounds of the punching bag being in use as Niamah entered the basement which he sat down on the first of the steps and listened for noises. He heard Lance Knight’s growling cut off followed by a roaring sound along with sounds of his son crying in pain repeatedly along with roaring then noises cut off abruptly. He continued to listen as he heard Lance Knight’s voice yell the name of Niamah in some pleading voice tone followed by sounds that made him think it was involved with mating then a roar that didn’t sound angry to him as he got up and quietly shut the door making sure to not make any noises from that. Jinks went to the living room couch to sit and felt Parrot get onto his shoulder again with a loud meow along with rubbing her face on his head. He sighed and removed Parrot off of his shoulder and placed her onto his lap which she sat tummy sitting and rubbed her back only to get her back end rising up after each rub which he sighed figuring out that it was cat behavior doing it as he continued to rub the cat’s back. He heard a door closing sound followed by a yowl from Parrot who got off his lap and watched her streak underneath the armchair which he sighed and got up to see Lance Knight in the room with Master not in control having an arm around Niamah which he willed the Master away from him and frowned with arms folded staring at his son. 
Lance Knight spoke “Sorry about the fight Dad. Certain people and certain situations can rile me up enough to want to pick a fight with people despite them telling me off with words not to do it.”
Jinks recalled himself as a youngster throwing a tantrum fight to his mother and shrugged and spoke “I sympathize with that, my son I had cases of doing it myself as a youngster. It’s why certain people insisted I take karate just to learn discipline when it comes to anger.”  
He saw a frown form on Lance Knight’s face along with noticing Niamah elbow him in the stomach quite gently from the way she threw her arm. 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Lance Knight spoke “Ugh ok Dad. I get it your point on what you meant involving karate. I’ll see what I can do to avoid getting myself into fights with people again despite being angry.” 
He nodded his head and watched as Niamah yanked Lance Knight’s arm off her and grabbed her husband’s hand and pulled him not protesting out of the apartment which he locked the screen door and gently closed the front door behind them locking it. Jinks sighed and exhaled air as Parrot got onto his shoulder again giving off a loud meow along with her face rubbing his head. He sighed and pulled Parrot off of him to carry her to the couch sitting down and leaned back with the cat on his lap tummy sitting which he felt sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance having an all black eyed glare on his face. 
Jinks felt himself nervous as Lance spoke sounding annoyed “Your son in question still hasn’t gotten the idea that he should be using karate and its teaching involving discipline to use words when he’s angry at certain people and certain situations. Something his karate teacher Mao recognized and got Lance to still see him as his Master despite the teaching done. Mao is using the Master title over Lance as a way of controlling your son whenever he’s angry and that he’s still trying to get your son to get it that words solve problems than fighting with people when angry. As for Lizette she easily got what Mao was teaching her and she doesn’t have to see him as her Master which Lance is still having trouble with this teaching at the moment repeatedly thinking that fighting is the way to go when solving problems involving anger at certain people and situations.”
He felt his eyes forced shut before he could comment a word and came to hearing the doorbell ringing its noises sighed to eye the clock seeing it was evening and felt annoyance take hold along with Parrot he sensed elsewhere. He went to the front door to see a female wearing a trench coat and some kind of hat on her head and saw that she was wearing some kind of scarf along with sunglasses frowned to open the doors unlocking both to stare at her. He grimaced as he felt a stinging pain in his chest to discover a needle dart sticking in it along with sensing it came from the woman which he backed up and fell to the floor going unconscious. 

Jinks came to finding himself underwater still clad in his clothes along with feeling his ankles tied with chains and his wrists as well. He snapped off the chains and bent down stripping his ankles of the chains seeing some concrete block nearby him on the water body’s floor. Jinks freed himself and looked up finding himself in some crevice judging by the walls above him which he kicked himself up and felt himself falling backwards hitting a rugged floor with a start. He heard a cat yowl sounding familiar and sat up with a start to feel pressure on his shoulder along with a familiar cat meow sighed figuring it was Parrot along with finding himself back in his apartment. Jinks via memories didn’t seem to know that he was transported via Meritanian variety to his apartment. Jinks gently removed the cat off of him and got up going upstairs to his bathroom which inside he stripped himself of his clothes to hear a shower running sound that confused him as he looked around abruptly finding the scenery was still a bathroom but held different items in it that seemed feminine. Jinks frowned but felt himself getting the urge to mate went to the shower tub combination stall and peered through the curtain at one end to see a female form with blond hair inside showering that made him feel more hard. He got into the shower with the female who’s back was to him and placed a hand over her mouth sensing her surprised which he thrust her front to the wall lifting her up with his other hand and entered her sensing her not resisting to that. Jinks mated with the female twice while feeling charges of pleasure hit him each time he entered her along with spilling himself inside her. Jinks once done pulled out and freed her to get out of the shower noticing her not paying attention towards him getting out. He stood in the bathroom to sense the scene changed to find feminine things were gone and the shower sounds gone which he exhaled a breath to get into the shower cleaning himself thoroughly. His senses blared once done to sense someone was in the bathroom with him but out of sight which he got out to dry himself seeing a blond Human female wearing a dress marking her of the Peasant group that appeared to ogle him judging by her widen brown eyes seeing his naked body form. 
Jinks once done with the drying put away the towel and stared at her as she spoke “Simon.” 
He exhaled a breath hearing that kept his mouth shut feeling like it was best not to talk period. He stared at the female who walked up to him and didn’t flinch as her hands felt his face along with jerking his head as her nails digging into his cheeks gave him pain as they scratched him. He eyed the female in the eyes seeing she seemed angry about something sensing it but kept his mouth shut as her hands went lower and lower to touch his sensitive part which he figured that she was going to scratch him there in quick moves got her back to the wall along with a hand on her throat in some near choke hold making sure she could still breathe. He bared his teeth while narrowing his eyes in a glare aimed at the female who released her hand hold on his sensitive part holding her hands up with a nervous expression in her eyes. He heard gasping sounds of shock to find the scene changed discovering the both of them in some living room with electronic equipment along with twin Human males wearing clothes of the Peasant group in the room which he clamped his mouth shut and glared at them. He eyed the males who got on one knee and bowed their heads then shifted to glare at the female who he sensed was still nervous which he brought his lips to hers and kissed her. 
He heard to his shock Lance’s voice speaking sounding in his mind “She’s expecting and implanted with a device that’ll get onto males’ sensitive part requiring surgery to get it off.” 
He broke off the kiss and spun the female around till her back was facing him and found the scene changed to find himself in his bathroom from the looks of it. He eyed himself in the mirror focused on his face seeing scratches on his cheeks and grimaced from that. He sighed willing the Master away from him and got out of the bathroom heading towards the bedroom which he found his sweatpants and put on his form then laid himself down on the bed shutting his eyes to feel the bed different along with a cloth covering his eyes and restraints placed on his wrists. He stiffened as he felt hands gloved touch his cheeks appearing to be examining them and then stiffened as some kind of object was placed over the scratches which made him groan from burning sensation felt which he didn’t protest to that figuring out that the medical procedure was removing the scratch marks. He continued to groan softly from the burning sensation that remained followed by feeling he passing out unconscious came to dream of Lance who examined his face with his hands. Jinks frowned as Lance stopped his examinations to force his eyes shut which he passed out unconscious to come to hearing the alarm clock blaring which he jerked open his eyes to stare at it seeing the time of eight o’clock blared on it and it was morning. 
He sat up from the bed and reached a hand towards his cheek that felt like it was still smarting from the medical procedure to only hear a male voice sound in his mind along with no headache felt “Avoid touching your cheeks for two days straight and keep anything from touching them as well which includes clothes.” 
He lowered his hand feeling annoyance take hold got up from the bed thinking of showering which he left the bedroom to head towards the bathroom only to get that familiar voice speaking “Avoid showering for two days straight to allow the medical procedure done on the area to take effect.” 
He exhaled a breath went into the bathroom thinking of looking at himself in the mirror which he found the light on and stared at himself in the mirror finding his cheeks were free of scratch scar lines and appeared to look like they were sunburned to him. He scrutinized the cheeks as well as he could seeing that they still looked sunburned and with a sigh left the bathroom going downstairs hitting the kitchen thinking of eating. 
Jinks exhaled a breath again hearing the voice speaking sounding in his mind “Avoid eating for two days due to that chewing will affect the medical work done on the cheeks.” 
He sighed and went to the couch to sit and got Parrot on his shoulder who gave up a loud meow which he quickly removed to place her on his lap. Jinks stared at Parrot who sat on his lap tummy sitting which he rubbed her back only to get her back end rising after each rub. He sighed again and leaned back against the couch shutting his eyes thinking to himself that exercising would be a no, no due to recalling about making faces whenever he did his karate which would affect his cheeks. He felt himself passing out unconscious to come to hearing the phone ringing which he jerked open his eyes to eye the TV’s date and clock finding he had passed out for two days straight and it was the third day which he grabbed the phone finding Lance Knight’s caller ID on it. 
He heard nothing from the voice as he put the phone to his ear and spoke “Jinks Montreal, speaking.” 
He heard his son’s voice sounding angry “Don’t ever sicken my wife onto me in my business involving you again. Believe me you’ll pay dearly if you pull this stunt onto me again.” 
He spoke as Lance Knight stopped talking recalling something Lance told him “I think Mao Tung Sing’s insisting on you seeing him as your Master is from him seeing you picking fights with people instead of using words to tell them off hence the Master title to control you and to tell you off that words is the way to go when solving conflicts.” 
Jinks heard from Lance Knight in response a comment that rhymed with duck with the word you not sure what that word meant other than a dirty word for mating. The insult was aimed at Jinks followed by the dial tone heard in his ear. He sighed and hung up the phone only to get it ringing which he eyed the caller ID seeing it say Sun Dragon on it. 
He picked up the phone and spoke his name to get Kui’s voice on the line speaking “Jinks as a student of the dojo you’re required to show up for classes even though you’re competing in tournaments and holding a black belt. I insist you show up anyway. Sensei Sun insists on this which I agree with her.”
He exhaled a breath hearing that as Kui added “See you later today.” 
He spoke “Fine.” 
He heard the dial tone in his ear sighed and hung up the phone to only get it ringing again eyed the caller ID to see it indicate Lizette which he picked up the phone and spoke “Jinks Montreal here. Impeccable timing for my phone has been ringing back to back after I hung it up talking to someone.” 
He heard a groan from his daughter who spoke “Dad, what do you know of some guy named Simon Idaho anyway? People in the Master Organization have mentioned him but have refused to further explain who this person is actually. They seem to indicate that he’s an embarrassment and forbidden to discuss very much.” 
Jinks sighed and spoke from memory of Simon Idaho in his mind “He’s a guy from some Spanish language country called Mexico that came to the USA before the transfer which some female got a hold of him and had him become a citizen named Simon Idaho. He wound up undergoing surgery to get his face fixed to be twin to me and eye contacts making his eyes all black and he went around calling himself as the deity Master which people were fooled by that enough to pay for his lifestyle of living richly along with seeing him as some leader. I heard that he got into an argument with the Table members who stopped being fooled by him instead ordered the army to assassinate him which happened in my presence when he tried to order me shot. He wound up shot instead and is dead from that. I later found out after who he really was and how he got to look like me along with whose idea it was which the person who pulled that stunt was assassinated as payment for it.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as he stopped talking to hear a faint crying sound followed by Lizette speaking sounding in a hurry “Sorry have to go! Takemura needs to be fed!” 
He heard the dial tone in his ear sighed and hung up only to get the phone ringing again which he eyed the caller ID seeing his son’s name on it groaned and picked up the phone speaking his name and adding “Impeccable timing for my phone has been ringing back to back after I hung it up talking to someone.” 
He heard from Lance Knight sounding calmer and less angry “What the depths do you meant about Mao Tung Sing insisting on the Master title used to control me and telling me off to use words to solve conflicts instead of fighting when it’s obvious he’s doing it to spite me?”
He spoke “Excuse me would you kindly explain this spiting bit?”
He heard from his son “An example of that is it took me a whole year after Lizette got her black belt to be awarded one from Mao himself despite showing advancement in karate over her. Mao’s lousy excuse to awarding Lizette the black belt was she was easily getting his karate teaching and advanced enough when it was obvious she wasn’t. Also Mao balked on giving me a black belt using some flimsy excuse saying that I wasn’t advanced enough or getting his teaching. I later heard from Mom that Papa got into an argument with Mao on the black belt awarding balking towards me which I’m not sure what the contents of the argument were. Mao sometime later had me compete in tournaments for my belt rank with oaths I would get my black belt if I competed just prior to each tournament which didn’t matter if I won or not for he always took back his oath and pulled this stunt along with balking for a whole year.  I heard Papa got involved using some kind of threat towards Mao who wound up awarding me the black belt in response. Mao wound up insisting on seeing him as Master and kept it up towards me despite not doing the same towards Lizette which I’m kind of miffed from that. I’m not kidding when I say he’s doing this to spite me.” 
Jinks frowned as Lance Knight became silent which he spoke “Hmm when you say advancement in karate do you meant you being awarded belts by rank before Lizette gets her belt?”
He heard from his son “Actually Lizette always got her belts before I got mine regardless of rank which happened over and over along with Mao using various lousy excuses to not award me the belt whenever he awards my sister one. Papa I heard got involved after that and I wound up awarded a belt as a result. This happened over and over along with Mao refusing to explain to me what he really wanted from me to get a belt from him despite having Papa getting involved to force that to happen.”
Jinks recalled Lizette telling him something involving Lance Knight spoke “How did you and Niamah meet to get involved to have a relationship anyway?”
He heard a hiss of breath from his son who spoke “I met Niamah in high school while attending classes there and that it took awhile for Papa to accept her after it became obvious she was carrying my son which he insisted on me marrying her.”
He frown hearing the prideful tone in Lance Knight’s voice as his son continued talking “Oh lets just say that Papa had a hard time accepting that I was grown enough to run my own life despite the way he raised me with his beliefs.” 
He heard nothing more from Lance Knight spoke as his senses blared warning abruptly “Well that’s interesting but how well is Mao involved in the Master Organization being the one who taught you and your sister karate?”
Jinks heard a growl from his son frowned hearing the noise as Lance Knight spoke growl stopping “Thank you Dad for reminding me of something I should put in action as soon as possible. We’ll talk later.” 
He heard the dial tone in his ear sighed and hung up the phone with a frown and felt relief hitting him as it remained silent which he removed Parrot off his lap who didn’t protest and got up figuring that he’ll shower and get himself ready for Karate class. Jinks went upstairs hitting the bathroom turning on the light and stared at he in the mirror finding his cheeks were no longer looking sunburned but normal looking with no hint of medical procedures done on them. He brought a hand on his cheek to rub and felt the skin seemed sensitive to him from the touch. Jinks got into the shower after stripping himself of his sweatpants and then cleaned himself thoroughly and once done got out to dry himself then naked went out of the bathroom hitting his bedroom to put on some clothes on his form which he felt himself much better from that. He sighed and grabbed his shoes putting them on then left the bedroom going downstairs to hit the kitchen feeling he should take in some nourishment due to attending karate class later in the day. Jinks proceeded to make he a meal of cooked cheese sandwiches and some fries along with making strawberry milkshake which he took to the dining table. He sat and ate the food finding he terribly hungry along with gulping down the drink. He once done put the dishes in the dishwasher then went into the living room to sit on the couch seeing he was hours away from attending karate class. He leaned back to feel Parrot get onto his shoulder again sighed and removed the cat to place her on his lap. He felt sleepiness sighed and shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who looked annoyed. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “The official story regarding Niamah and Lance is that he used his power abilities onto her and raped her getting her expectant. Niamah was blamed for getting expectant in the first place which the blaming was known to her but she hasn’t said anything about it in response. I believe that Roosevelt ordered her to keep her mouth shut with threats and accept Lance as her husband. As for Mao he has repeatedly accused Lance of using Niamah for his needs he wasn’t getting from Roosevelt as his father raiser which your son has denied it whenever accused. Also the official story regarding Niamah getting expectant three times before some medical procedure done on her to prevent more offspring is that the carrying was a result of Lance raping her.  This raping has apparently happened whenever Roosevelt his father raiser trashes him which has happened repeatedly. It was Roosevelt who had Niamah tied to prevent more offspring from happening. Oh Lance only rapes Niamah whenever Roosevelt trashes him along with holding himself back towards her sexually whenever he’s not trashed which she has to do her own thing onto him.”
He frowned hearing that as Lance forced his eyes shut which he came to hearing the doorbell ringing groaned eyeing the clock seeing it was near time for his karate class got up disturbing Parrot from his lap who gave a yowl and saw her streak underneath the armchair. 
He sighed and went to the front door to see a Highlander dressed in a uniform was there which he opened the door and stared at the male who spoke “I received a call from someone saying that you required my services for driving around including on where you’re going at the moment.” 
He spoke “Excuse me I need to get some stuff ready for this.” 
He went to the closet and grabbed a bag holding his uniform and belt which he took them out then got his keys and wallet then left the apartment locking the door which he wordlessly followed the Highlander to a sedan with tinted black windows. He got inside and buckled himself in then stared out the window as the driver drove it to the karate school which he was told that he’ll be parked in the parking lot waiting for him. Jinks didn’t comment a response got inside the school and went to the locker room to exchange clothes for uniform and belt which he put on then left to enter the classroom to stretch. He found himself the first to arrive there along with noticing Tan was there appearing to be having a whispered conversation with Sun as Sergei stared at him while he stretched. He swung himself up once done and to notice he was still the only student there and felt himself annoyed figuring out that it was a personal one to one class. 
He folded his arms with a frown as Sun and Tan finished their talk followed by Sun speaking “Show me the Kata now.” 
He obeyed going into the Kata finding he doing the movements perfect to his standard then ended with a bow towards Sun once done. 
He kept his arms to his sides and frowned eyeing Tan who spoke “Mister Montreal do you know anyone named Mao Tung Sing?” 
He spoke “From what I know he was my children’s personal karate teacher and the one who awarded them black belts.”
He clamped his mouth shut noticing Tan’s eyes narrow with a look in them that reminded him of suspicion before tossed to him by Sergei a Chuck weapon which he was ordered by Sun to do the Kata involving it. He obeyed doing his karate perfect to his standards then once done toss to Sergei the weapon then stood with arms still hanging off the sides. 
He frowned as Tan spoke “What have you heard about Mister Sing’s way of karate towards your children along with what else he has taught them on?”
He spoke “I heard from my son that Mister Sing seemed to favor my daughter, his sister over him when awarding belts and balking on doing it to him till his adoptive father raiser got involved and forced the issue. I also heard that Mister Sing has balked on giving my son a black belt despite doing it my daughter which again his father raiser got involved and the belt was awarded as a result. Also Mister Sing has my son view him as some kind of Master along with not doing it to my daughter as well. I figured that the Master view is from my son picking fights with people instead of using words to tell people off when angry which is something he was supposed to be doing from his karate lessons.” 
He clamped his mouth with a frown to again notice suspicion in Tan’s eyes whose mouth formed a thin line before the male spoke “Interesting view. Is there anything else regarding Mister Sing?”
Jinks recalled a karate tournament spoke “I met Mister Sing after a karate tournament. Saw him in a limo and my son’s angry reaction towards him known. Mister Sing’s subject of talk to the both of us is that people were targeting people to do bets in tournaments and doing anything to achieve their money. His limo drove away which the both of us got into a vehicle which wound up blown up by some detonator device but luckily we managed to escape before the blast along with the driver as well. I got the impression that Mister Sing is old school when it comes to karate and hates gambling period.”
He eyed Tan as he clamped his mouth shut who spoke “Interesting Mister Montreal.” 
He frowned as Sun spoke “Dismissed Jinks so come back again the next day. Don’t forget despite you competing in tournaments and having a black belt doesn’t exempt you from attending classes here get it?”
He spoke “Yes Sensei.” 
He walked away to notice Tan and Sun get into another whispered conversation again which he frowned to ignore going into the locker room to change into his clothes and shoes which he walked out going to the entrance to hear Kui’s voice halting him. 
He paused in the doorway of her office to hear her speaking sounding while on the phone “Absolutely not! Tan Lee doesn’t do personal lessons period regardless of how you pay for it. If you want a lesson from him sign up for the Sun Dragon Dojo for a yearly membership and attend classes.”
He sighed as Kui noticed him and waved him away which he left the studio to go to the car finding the driver no where in sight which he figured was inside the car asleep. 
He knocked on the window with several raps to get the window open and heard “Car’s unlocked get inside.”
Jinks obeyed to buckle up his seatbelt and sighed as the driver took a long route to his home due to how bad traffic was. 
He at his home heard from the driver “I believe I’ll be in your service again later from the impression I got from my hiring.” 
He didn’t comment a response got out and went to his apartment to find the screen door unlocked which he sighed and unlocked the door with his key. He got inside shutting both doors and locking them to again feel Parrot get onto his shoulder with a loud meow heard from her along her face rubbing his head. He sighed and went to the closet to put away his bag and shut it while still feeling Parrot on his shoulder. He removed her off and carried her to the couch to sit which he placed her on his lap and rubbed her back feeling it arch underneath his hand. He sighed and leaned back eyes on the TV to feel sleepy shut his eyes to dream of Lance who looked annoyed. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “Alright Tan Lee has some kind of suspicion aimed at Mao Tung Sing as in Mister Sing using his status in karate to gain money and wealth something Mister Lee thinks is not appropriate to do.” 
He didn’t comment a response as Lance continued talking “Oh your son’s words just prior to hanging up is that he figured out that Mister Sing was using karate status for money to fund his lifestyle something Lance is torn on knowing that its not appropriate for people in karate to do despite doing it himself.” 
He kept his mouth shut as Lance formed an all black eyed glare making him nervous followed by the male adding “I get the feeling that your son is up to something bad towards Mister Sing which I’m not sure what it is actually. Humph. Be warned that your son still has influence in the Master Organization despite you being the leader of the group which is from his face is twin to yours along with having similar power abilities too.”
He bobbed his head as Lance forced his eyes shut which he found himself floating above a limo driving in a street that parked in front of some Asian styled restaurant to see a male he recognized as Mao get inside followed by the car driving off a bit which he followed to reach a desert forest road. He frowned as the limo stopped abruptly followed by the driver darting out and then Mao darting out as the car exploded in fire. He watched as the explosion appeared to have hurt Mao who lay on the ground moaning loudly as he saw a figure came into view near him from the forest. He stiffened seeing it was Lance Knight having the Master in control that walked up to Mao to stand near him. 
He heard Mao moan out “Help me, Lance.” 
He eyed Lance Knight who spoke “Help you after what you’ve done to me? Such as balking on awarding belts which my father raiser had to get involved? Such as having me compete in tournaments with oaths that I’ll get the black belt only to take back the oath once the competition is over regardless of I’ve won or not? And such as having me see you as a Master despite not doing it to my sister even favoring her by awarding her belts and black belt as well?”
He eyed Mao who showed some fear look on the male’s face as Lance Knight he looked at raised a hand fisting it and heard a choking sound from the Asian shot his eyesight towards him. 
He saw Mao’s mouth move as he gagged which he lip read “You don’t get it. I can’t have you do what I did in karate which is using my status to gain wealth which I’ve seen from you hence the belt balking. I wanted you to learn that karate’s for bettering your health and life instead of using it for money which I saw from you and you still won’t get it what I wanted you to learn.”
He saw Mao roll his eyes after shutting his mouth followed by collapsing form down onto the ground with form still. 
He eyed Lance Knight who smiled a smirk while still holding the fist up and then spoke out loud “Nice try but my powers are greater than you think for your dead period. I aim to see it happen anyway as payment for your unacceptable actions towards me.” 
Jinks looked at Mao who’s form remained still followed by Lance Knight coming into view to grab the Asian by the head and stiffened as his son gave it a snapping jerk hearing a crack sound followed by dropping the male’s body down before straightening up his form and walking away. He eyed Mao with a frown to see a white light come from his body followed by some ghostly form of Mao came out that appeared to see him to his shock by eyes focused on him. 
Jinks frowned as Mao spoke “It’s up to you now to teach him what he needs to know such as karate isn’t for money and for fighting isn’t for solving conflicts with people. Your son needs you whether he won’t admit it or not. You’re needed to father him and be there as a parent when it’s obvious he’ll will need you. Your son will get it my lessons once the time is right at his greatest hour of need along with depending on you as well.”
He frowned as Mao floated away from going into the sky that was appearing to be cloudy as the scene changed to show Niamah getting into a limo alone with the driver slamming the door behind her that exploded in fire explosion as the scene changed to show Lance having an all black eyed glare on his face. 
Jinks felt he nervous as Lance spoke “Someone has managed to record the scene of your son snapping Mao’s neck as in appearing to kill him which I suspect that they’ll blackmail him into doing something bad. So admit it Jinks what did Mao indicate to you? I sensed him talking to you.” 
He spoke recalling what he lips read from Mao and what Mao’s ghost form told him along with a scene of Niamah Knight getting into a limo that exploded in a fire explosion. 
He cut his talking to frown staring at Lance who spoke “Hmm interesting scenario.”
He didn’t comment as his eyes were forced shut in response to hear the phone ringing which he jerked open his eyes to see it was an early evening hour picked up the phone seeing Lizette’s ID on it. 
He spoke his name only to get interrupted by Lizette speaking with panic in her voice tone “Someone sent me a recording of my brother killing my former karate teacher Mao Tung Sing by neck snapping after he got out of an exploding limo!”
Jinks hissed a breath hearing that as Lizette continued sounding still panicky “Even worse Niamah Knight was seen getting into a limo that exploded in fire taking out the driver standing outside that is dead from that as well!”
Jinks again hissed out a sound as Lizette continued talking sounding upset “What’s worse is that Niamah’s body wasn’t found in the limo after the fire was put out which the coroner is balking on declaring her dead saying that she wasn’t in the vehicle despite people claiming to see her get into it. Niamah hasn’t been found and that the Police aren’t seemingly concerned to search for her in the city after it was obvious her body wasn’t in the limo despite it exploding.” 
He didn’t say a word as Lizette continued “I managed to get a hold of my brother via cell phone to tell him of what I saw via recording and what happened to his wife. His response was to give me a not appropriate language comment along with hanging up and has refused to answer his cell phone despite me calling him repeatedly. I don’t know what’s going on but I suspect that my brother had a hand in the deaths of Mao and Niamah due to that he didn’t seem shocked when I told him of what happened to his wife. He gave up a growling sound when I told him of what happened to Niamah along with sounding angry when he spoke his words.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as Lizette stopped talking to clear her throat which he figured she wanted him to speak. He felt a hand touch his forehead looked to see Lance Knight having the Master in control felt himself shutting his eyes which he came to feeling a hand patting his cheeks while in a squat position with chain manacles around his wrists. He jerked open his eyes standing up abruptly with a frown to widen his eyes seeing Niamah alive wearing a Peasant dress and looking upset while staring at him. 
He stared at her with a frown as she spoke “Jinks help my husband please. He mentioned to me that he’ll ruin my life if I interfered with his business in the Master Organization. I admit it I ordered someone to follow Lance with a camera recording his movements for awhile till he must have found out about it hence me here. Also it seems he’s obsessed with being the Master himself judging by the way he’s been acting along with treating me and our children as well. Just help my husband please.” 
Jinks frowned to look around the room recognizing as a familiar cave room that once held a white tiger which he broke off the chains and walked towards the room’s entrance sensing Niamah escorting him there. He reached the fence to stiffen as Lance Knight walked into view with the Master in control along with mouth in a thin line to stand staring at him with eyes narrowed. 
Jinks willed the Master through to fold his arms as Lance Knight continued to stare at him before speaking “Hmm interesting. We have the same face but different hair.”
He stiffened for the voice didn’t sound like Lance Knight despite the cruel evil tone which he sensed some odd tones in the voice. 
He narrowed his eyes with suspicion within him as Lance Knight continued “Ah I said I would come back from the dead for death can’t keep me down on a permanent basis. I aim to see my goals succeeded period.”
Jinks frowned as Lance Knight paused to give off a chuckle sound before Niamah spoke “You’re not my husband.”
He stiffened at her accusation to see Lance Knight shift to stare at Niamah he assumed before speaking “Humph can’t fool you can’t I despite inhibiting this body form?”
He jerked with shock running through him as it dawned on him who was talking through Lance Knight which he figured was Simon Idaho.  Jinks continued to stiffen as Lance Knight gave up a groan sound and bent down groaning while appearing to grab his head. 
He frowned as his son looked up speaking in a pleading voice tone “Niamah help me please.” 
Jinks waved a hand mentally ordering sleep to hit his son only to see Lance Knight hold up a hand while straighten up his form to speak “That trick won’t work on me.” 
Jinks again waved a hand without mental orders to see the gate fence slid aside as Lance Knight he saw shook his head while groaning loudly before collapsing onto the ground. 
He went to his son to kneel and heard from Niamah “We have to take him to the hospital.” 
He spoke “No hospitals.” 
Jinks again heard from Niamah “Jinks you don’t get it. It’s not Simon Idaho speaking but my husband from a head injury that wasn’t checked out properly. He’s in pain and needs our help to help him get over his fear of hospitals. He’s afraid of being in them for they remind him of mental asylums.” 
Jinks sighed and picked up his son to carry him while following Niamah who led the way to the elevator and got inside which he felt the thing move up then stop with a jerk followed by smoke filling into it bringing sleepiness. Jinks gently lowered Lance Knight to slide to the floor which he saw Niamah managed to get herself on top of his son to wrap arms around him and then he passed out unconscious to dream of facing Lance. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “Jinks use the power abilities in control to mentally charge up your body of lightening zappers which will help you with freeing yourself from holds of hands or restraints. Don’t forget to mentally will the zappers away when done.” 
Jinks felt his eyes forced shut came to finding himself chained with feet dangling which he opened his eyes finding himself in a familiar cage room with various men outside holding long guns with glares on their faces despite the inky darkness behind them. He mentally charged up his body of electricity and found himself freed from the manacles around his wrists which he dropped to the floor landing on his feet only to feel a fist connect with his front along with a grunt of pain as the fist withdrew. He mentally willed away the charging of electricity to see Lance Knight in front of him holding a fisted hand before attacking him with fists and legs swinging in karate moves. Jinks counterattacked using karate and managed to get his son into a choke hold on the neck with a hand. He heard gun cocking sounds found he floating above his body to see it change into Lance who looked all around him appearing to eye the men around the cage outside it. Jinks saw the scene went black found himself back into his body still holding Lance Knight in a choke hold around his neck as he heard dart guns go off heard an ugh sound from his son who jerked in his hand hold which he figured was darted by the men. He kept his hold as his son fell unconscious which he adjust his hand hold to lift up his son swinging him over his shoulder and carried him towards an opening in the cage to spot one of the men wearing goggles gesture for him to follow which he obeyed following in the darkness with night vision to an elevator. 
He went inside following the man to see him sign hand language appearing to be towards a camera saying “The Master is Jinks Montreal aka Lance Richard as proven to us. Don’t take us out please.” 
He felt the elevator go up followed by stopping with a jerk and stiffened from that but felt relief as the elevator doors opened which he walked out into the lobby of the building he recognized to be belonging to Roosevelt Knight. He followed a guard gesturing in sign language to outside to see an ambulance there which he got inside after putting his son down on a bed which the paramedics put restraints on Lance Knight then examined him by waving scanner devices over him. Jinks willed the Master away from his son by putting a hand on his forehead and then willed it away from he as well which he gently rubbed his son’s forehead feeling himself needing to do it. 
The ambulance ride seemed lengthy and peered through the windows of the back of it to sense it was taking him out of New York City and eyed a paramedic with a frown who spoke “He needs care which the Zesky hospital can only give it.”   
Jinks nodded his head a short bob which he looked at his son and eyed him as the ambulance drove out of New York City to Connecticut shoreline town of New London where he figured was where the cruise ship Zesky hospital was docked on a permanent basis. Jinks during the ride sensed Lance Knight waking up who woke up with a glare on his face and gave off growling sounds. 
Jinks brought his face close towards Lance Knight’s face along with gripping his son’s fisted hand and spoke realizing what he wanted from him “I love you my son. I oath I won’t leave you as long as you need me to father you. I always will be there for you whenever you need me. Just trust me on when I say that a hospital will help heal you from your problems.” 
He stared at Lance Knight in the eyes seeing his words registering with his son who burst into tears uncontrollably with eyes watering and looking very upset. Jinks felt Lance Knight’s fisted hand uncurl to grip his hand in a tight grip as his son cried tears. He sighed and gently rubbed his son’s forehead while continuing to stare at Lance Knight in the eyes showing he was serious with what he said. He continued to keep his eyes onto his son who shut his eyes appearing to have fallen asleep followed by opening them but eyes not registering anything and sensed that he had fallen into a trance from the eyes not moving but appeared to be fixated on something in the ambulance. Jinks adjusted his position to sit up while continuing holding his son’s hand and having a hand on Lance Knight’s forehead as the ambulance drove to New London and finally reached the Zesky Hospital. Jinks at arrival saw his son’s eyes closed with some peaceful look on the face that appeared to be dreaming peacefully. 
He sighed as the paramedics hauled his son out of the ambulance with him following up a gangplank into the Zesky hospital which he followed till a male wearing army clothes blocked his way speaking “No visitors beyond this point.”
Jinks sighed and didn’t protest spoke “You have a waiting room for me to wait in?”
He eyed the male who appeared to be talking on some radio “Visitor at my location requesting a waiting room please come take him to one of the patient rooms for waiting as a patient is being tested at the moment.” 
He frowned as the male became silent while staring at him which made him frown further. 
He after awhile of waiting heard a throat clearing noise looked off his right to see female Human wearing army wear clothing and a gun weapon on her back spoke “Please come with me, sir.”    
Jinks obeyed following her walking a maze of corridors till they reached a doorway and he was gestured to go inside. He obeyed finding everything was similar as before when he last visited the Zesky Hospital as a patient which he went to sit down in an armchair. Jinks eyed the doorway and windows back and forth while figuring out that the tests were going to be lengthy. He heard a meow sound eyed the source to see a cat come into the room walking up towards him to sniff his shoed foot. He reached out a hand and recalled Sherry’s behavior towards Priscilla and held the hand up near the cat that sniffed it before rubbing her head on his hand. Jinks picked up the cat putting it on his lap that tummy sat giving off purring vibrations which he felt himself sleepy sighed and leaned back against the armchair shutting his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious to dream of facing Lance looking serious by the expression on the male’s face. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “Alright Jinks I managed to get your son to talk to explain his behavior of appearing to be Simon and then himself. Your son admits its something he’s taken on to cope with the pain of his head injury without getting anything for helping him with it. He admits he’s terribly afraid of hospitals a fear that he picked up from his father raiser Roosevelt who passed it down onto him. Jinks, in order to parent your son along with helping him with crisis you may have to drop everything all around you to go do your parental job as in helping him till its obvious he doesn’t need it anymore. He seems to still need parental help something was lacking from Roosevelt not giving him that fully. Roosevelt instead used him as some object in the Master Organization to be seen as the Master and vessel of me. Your son admits that he didn’t want that in the first place and did what he could to avoid the status hence he raping Niamah after the first time Roosevelt trashed his attempts to get parental care from him. Your son also admits that it’s not the first time he’s raped Niamah which he kept it up after Roosevelt kept trashing his attempts to get parental care from his father raiser.”
Jinks frowned hearing that as Lance forced his eyes shut which he passed out unconscious to come to hearing Daddy spoken in a sad voice which he jerked open his eyes to find the sun was gone from outside with night vision in his eyesight. He looked at the bed to find Lance Knight on it awake speaking the word Daddy repeatedly while having panic in his voice tone. Jinks felt the cat gone from his lap got up darting towards his son to reach the bed grabbing one of Lance Knight’s hands and leaned over placing a hand on his son’s forehead gently rubbing. He sighed as Lance Knight’s eyes appeared to registering him followed by the panic look on his son’s face going away with tears again flowing from his eyes. Jinks gripped his son’s hand feeling it gripped back in a tight hold as he gently rubbed Lance Knight’s forehead in a soothing motion. He heard a meow sound kept his eyes on his son’s face that appeared to close with a peaceful look on it sensing he had fallen asleep.  Jinks sighed and got into the bed with Lance Knight and adjusted his son’s position to lie sideways on him with his arms wrapped around the male. He shut his eyes figuring out that Lance Knight would feel much better from that gesture which he passed out unconscious to come to feeling purring vibrations on his chest. Jinks jerked open his eyes to find it was daylight along with Lance Knight gone but there was a cat tummy sitting on him who got up arching its back and walked off of him as he sat up with a start looking around the room finding his son no where in sight. He heard a meow from the cat eyed it to see the gonoid kept glancing at him and towards a direction which he looked to spot a doorway with door ajar. He recalled the doorway led to the bathroom which he got up and walked towards it to hear the sound of a shower running. Jinks frowned as he stood listening for the shower sounded lengthy to him and with a frown further stepped into the bathroom adjusting the door while standing near it eyes on the shower tub combination holding a white curtain that blocked his view of Lance Knight showering behind it. Jinks frowned folding his arms eyes on the curtain to hear the water turn off followed by the curtain swishing aside which his son stepped out not bothering to hide his sensitive part and stood staring at him with a look on his face. He eyed Lance Knight fully to notice that his son wasn’t as fully muscular as he was but appeared to look fit and healthy to him. 
He spoke “You look fine to me.”
He got a hiss of breath from Lance Knight who grabbed the towel and dried himself off followed by putting on clothes he recognized as the ones his son was wearing just prior to his admittance to the Zesky hospital. 
Jinks added “You want to tell me something? You seemed you wanted me to figure something out.” 
He frowned as Lance Knight paused from buttoning up his top after putting on his pants and underwear along with socks to look at him with the same look on his face before speaking “Alright the doctor says that my head pain is just headaches which he suspects it’s due to my mind being scanned. He refused to say why or how I got my mind scanned when there aren’t any Highlanders around to do it.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that figured to he that he’ll ask Lance about it at a later time kept his mouth shut as Lance Knight resumed buttoning up his top and tucking it in his pants along with putting on his shoes. He didn’t comment as he left the bathroom once he was sure Lance Knight was done getting dressed and went to an armchair to sit leaning back. He sensed Lance Knight had followed him out of the bathroom to an armchair off his left which he heard a yowl from the cat frowned as the door to the room opened followed by a male wearing medical scrubs pushing some cart came into the room looking not surprised to see the both of them seated in armchairs. Jinks kept his mouth shut as the male he assumed was a nurse pulled out a tray holding dishware of food which he watched handed it to Lance Knight then again pulled out another tray holding identical items and handed it to him. Jinks felt himself hungry gobbled up the food along with gulping down the drink and once done wait as the nurse took the tray from Lance Knight and put it away then went to him which he handed the tray to. He leaned back in the armchair and eyed his son who appeared to have fallen asleep despite leaning back in the chair with head bowed eyes shut as the nurse left the room pushing the tray. 
He exhaled a breath as he heard from his son abruptly “Roosevelt hated hospitals for the doctors always threw him in various tests some painful involving needle injections and it didn’t matter if he was there for a visit to help brighten some patient’s day. The doctors he complained about always pulled that testing stunt onto him whenever he was there and that started soon after he won public office. It didn’t matter if he used the H.I.V. status or not for their always pulling that testing onto him. It also didn’t matter if he was there at the hospital for me and my sister and our well being for the doctors always kept throwing him into tests.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut in response to feel sleepiness while hearing his son’s speak the word Dad repeatedly and becoming fainter and fainter till he shut his eyes.

Jinks came to finding he lying in a bed wearing just a hospital gown on his form along with an oxygen mask covering his mouth and nose blowing air into him. He felt his left hand was gripped by a hand which he jerked open his eyes looking around and focused off his left to see standing next to the bed looking concerned was Lance Knight who had his hand in a grip. Jinks frowned staring at his son who he brought a hand to the oxygen mask and tapped it while cocking his head and stared at Lance Knight feeling himself confused. 
He heard from Lance Knight in response “The knock out gas in the elevator you were in with me and my wife? The doctors say your body’s reaction is different from normal Humans’ reaction to the drug as in your body revolting to knock you out if you don’t get some kind of oxygen in your system to get the gas’s effects out of you.” 
Jinks bobbed his head in response to put his right hand on Lance Knight’s hand that was gripping his left hand and allowed he to breathe the oxygen mask’s contents as he stared at his son who continued to stare at him back with expression of concern changing to relief on his face.  He felt sleepiness shut his eyes came to hearing a phone ringing noise groaned loudly and jerked open his eyes with night vision in them to discover himself back in his apartment’s bedroom clad in only his underwear shorts. He exhaled a breath to feel himself too tired to answer the phone twisted his form to lie on his left side and adjusted the blanket till it was covering him all over and shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “Just to let you know that someone hidden with an obsession towards you manipulated you during a fight with your son to get some kind of mating sample from you just to put in females to breed offspring.” 
He groaned recalling something related to what Lance said fully in his mind as the male continued talking “Ah Janel managed to get into your home while the medics dumped you there. She wasn’t successful in waking you up till Lizette outside with her brother called you. I suggest if you want to pursue Janel just don’t do the relationship business at your home period. Just do it elsewhere instead. Your offspring will always find you both together at your home anyway so find someplace else to do this. I’m pretty sure it’ll frustrate your offspring once they find you and Janel not at your home.”
He opened his mouth to talk only to get his eyes forced shut which he came to hearing a phone ringing noise sighed and jerked open his eyes to find sunlight blaring through the open window shades of his bedroom. 
He frowned to eye the caller ID to see it said “Janel Knight.”  
Jinks picked up the phone and cradled it to his ear and spoke “Jinks Montreal speaking, hello Janel.” 
He heard Janel’s voice on the line speaking ‘Jinks, what possess you to fall into some can’t be wakening sleep only waking up by something like a phone?”
He sighed and spoke “Janel, I suspect I’m not entirely human. Shouldn’t you be aware of that fact?” 
He frowned as Janel spoke “Yes I know of that, Jinks. I was aware of this by the Zesky hospital saying that you fell into some kind of sleep status that required you to remain like that which happened for twenty years. It distressed me that you weren’t around to help parent the kids due to how standoffish Roosevelt was towards them including flaunting our son as some vessel of a deity lord which I know its, you actually.” 
He didn’t comment a response as Janel added “I have to go butler warned me of Lanny’s presence.” 
He heard the dial tone in his ear sighed and hung up the phone then figured he’ll go back to sleep only to get a realistic dream of Lance gagging him on the throat while yelling at him “Wake up!”
He jerked himself awake to sigh loudly and got up from the bed thinking of hitting the shower only to hear the doorbell ringing loudly which he put on rugby top and jeans then darted down the steps to the front door to see a male there wearing a business suit with sunglasses on while holding a cat carrier in his hand. 
Jinks groaned seeing that opened the door as the male held up crumbled paper and spoke “The cat as willed by my aunt Megumi Takemoto goes to me her nephew so produce him now.” 
He sighed and found Parrot underneath the armchair which he took out with no problems and hauled her to the front door she not protesting and put her into the cat carrier. He watched as the male left and then he shut the doors locking them thinking of going back to bed despite what Lance said to him. 
Jinks went up the stairs only to hear the doorbell ringing groaned and spoke “What now?”  
He went to the front door to find Lizette there with the familiar male behind her which he opened the door and frowned as she spoke “Boy you are gullible as said by my brother.” 
He stiffened hearing her words as Lizette continued “Lance warned me that you’re gullible hence he hesitating on having you, take the leadership position of the Master Organization.” 
He didn’t comment a response as the male behind Lizette gave up a loud sneeze which she added “Jayden, go to the car and give me the cat while your at it.” 
Jinks frowned as the male Jayden her husband handed her the cat carrier then she added “Aren’t you going to let me in?”
He unlocked the screen door and let Lizette into the apartment that got Parrot out of the cat carrier that darted underneath the armchair with a loud yowl sound. 
He frowned as Lizette put away the cat carrier into his closet then stood facing him while speaking “My brother says that you have lots to learn when it comes to holding the Master Organization leadership position.” 
Jinks didn’t say a word as Lizette gave up a Humph sound and left the apartment which he slammed both doors behind her and locked them and felt sleepiness darted towards the couch to sit leaning back shutting his eyes which he dreamed of Lance having all black eyes. 
Jinks felt he nervous as Lance spoke “Gullible isn’t the way to go when leading things around here.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut before he could comment a response and woke up hearing the doorbell ringing with night vision within his eyesight. Jinks went to the front door and used his Master’s powers to see out seeing a female holding a box in her hand and next to her was a male holding a syringe dart gun in his hand that darted out of sight besides the door. Jinks spoke Lance Knight’s insulting word without the word you and darted up the stairs ignoring the repeated doorbell ringing sound. He went to his bed and tossed aside his clothes leaving them lying on the floor. Jinks got into bed and shut his eyes only to open them whenever the doorbell rang. He growled an annoyed sound as the doorbell ceased its ringing noise for good then he shut his eyes and passing out unconscious to dream of facing Lance who again had that all black eyed glare. 
He again felt himself nervous as Lance spoke “Humph that daughter of yours is up to something on this gullible business.”
He felt his eyes forced shut in response as he came to hearing the phone ringing jerked open his eyes finding the sunlight dim through his windows with shades down. Jinks eyed the phone seeing the caller ID indicated Lizette which he picked up speaking his name. He heard a dial tone in response spoke the familiar insult comment then hung up getting up from the bed only to hear the phone ringing again. 
With a growl he picked it up and opened his mouth to speak only to hear a Highlander voice on the line speaking “The vessel regardless of status does not speak inappropriate language.” 
He inhaled air and spoke “I got told from Lizette that her brother spoke something inappropriate to her.” 
He heard “Actually he said this comment ‘Go to the depths’ something Lizette in question finds inappropriate for people to say to her.” 
He gave up a soft groan and then continued to hear “Do you know of the terms for heaven and hell?”
He sighed recalling them fully in his mind as he spoke “Yes I do.” 
Jinks heard from the Highlander male “Deity is heaven while vessel is hell and don’t forget it period.”
He spoke “Fine I won’t.” 
Jinks heard the dial tone in his ear hung up the phone and figured that he’ll go take a shower which he went into the bathroom dropping his underwear shorts into the washing machine and got into the shower washing himself thoroughly then once done walked out to dry himself. He once done with the bathroom came out and went into his bedroom going to a dresser drawer to find instead of rugby and jeans he found numerous folded black clothing which he discovered were various degrees of business wear outfits and found the shoes were all black and similar styled. Jinks felt annoyance take hold pulled out a t-shirt and pants which he put on his form with fresh pair of underwear shorts and put on black socks and shoes. He felt annoyed with the clothing as he went into the bathroom to brush his hair and stared at himself in the mirror finding he looking sinister looking instead of innocence with some youngness look in his eyes. He finished with the brushing heard the doorbell ringing felt annoyance take hold darted down the steps to the front door with senses blaring warning. He used Master powers to peer out finding a box sitting on the porch which he opened the doors and stepped out to notice nearby hiding was a dart gun sticking out from behind a fence. Jinks eyed the box to see it was actually a cake sitting on cardboard from the looks of it. He felt his mood fouler as the dart gun was heard going off followed by his right hand plucking out a syringe from the air which he tossed to the brick wall off his right on the porch. He gave a glare willed the Master through to see the dart gun withdraw itself while hearing a gasp sound loudly. Jinks went into the apartment slamming both doors and locking them. 
He heard the phone ringing went to it finding Lizette’s ID on it picked it up speaking “Will you mind explaining what’s going on such as some joke of having people attempt to knock me out with syringes by firing them at me?”
He heard the dial tone in his ear gave up a loud growl and slammed the phone down then heard it ringing which he eyed the caller ID to see Lance Knight’s name on it. 
Jinks picked up the phone speaking “What the depths is going on with your sister and you as well so talk?”
He narrowed his eyes as Lance Knight’s voice was heard on the line sounding of Master in control “Spill it Dad what are you babbling about involving people trying to target you with syringes? I overheard you saying that to Lizette.” 
Jinks spoke the previous night’s contents and the contents of the day finding the box cake along with someone hidden trying to dart gun him. 
He paused from talking to hear faint choking sounds that became louder which he spoke “I’m getting quite fed up with the both of you playing that choke-me game on each other so stop it now.” 
He heard the choking sounds stop followed by Lance Knight’s voice speaking sounding like Master not in control “Sorry Dad, Lizette wants to talk to me on something excuse me while I hang up and hear what’s she’s wants this time.”
He heard the dial tone in his ear and frowned hanging up the phone sensing Parrot not in the apartment to recall he sensed her not in the home just prior to answering the doorbell. 
Jinks felt annoyance take hold went to sit on the couch and felt sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who spoke “Actually this Jayden is the nephew of Megumi Takemoto who has a younger brother doubted Takemura in the Master Organization. This, will of hers whatever it is actually named the cat to be given to the nephew who’s giving it to his father, having some sickness from the gonoid.” 
Jinks felt his mood flatten spoke in a whining tone “I want Demeter.” 
He felt himself gagged on the throat by Lance who flared black eyes making him nervous “That tone is not appropriate so cut it now or else.” 
He gagged out “I still want Demeter.” 
He got cut off by Lance’s hand becoming more ironclad followed by Lance speaking “Demeter this Demeter that, who cares?”
Jinks heard “I do.” Voice sounded male like a Meritanian to me. 
Jinks frowned wondering who spoken as his eyes were forced shut in response by Lance giving off a roaring noise off his right. He came to hearing the doorbell ringing loudly groaned and continued sleeping only to get from Lance a realistic dream of gagging him on the throat while yelling at him to get up. He obeyed once up to discover it was six in the morning on the TV’s clock and with a groan went to the front door to use Master powers to find nothing there which he opened the doors and used his senses sensing nothing serious willed the Master away then found an envelope in his mailbox which he yanked out. Jinks went inside the apartment locking both doors and switched on a light yanked out the paper from the envelope issuing him to attend a tournament in a small town within vicinity of a major city dubbed Niagara in New York near the sea border and a note to take the Master Organization’s personal plane. He felt annoyance take hold thought he would go back to bed seeing that the tournament wasn’t for competing but for being a spectator to view. He threw aside the papers and switched off the lights and went up the stairs hitting his bedroom to get out of his clothes still keeping the underwear shorts on and got into bed only to dream of Lance looking angry. 
Jinks groaned softly as Lance gagged him by the hand on his throat and spoke “You’re attending that tournament period. You’re what are called the headline act for kids to have their day happy by your presence. Don’t ask me on who started this ridiculous idea in the first place so you’re going period.” 
Jinks felt his eyes forced shut came to waking up with a start to find that only fifteen minutes had passed since he laid down which he got up and hit the bathroom figuring he’ll shower and proceeded to do then once done went to get underwear shorts and socks. He found his karate uniform in the closet folded in his duffle bag which he put on along with the black belt. Jinks felt himself hungry went to the kitchen to get a microwavable meal of food which he found himself terribly hungry ate two meals and gulped down from the milk carton. He put away the nourishment items in the kitchen then went to the couch to sit frowning on what Lance had in mind for him to get to the airport onto the plane instead of by chartered cab. 
He heard the doorbell ring in response as he went to find a Highlander wearing a suit there that spoke “I’m expected to drive you to the airport sir.” 
He spoke “Excuse me while I get some things.” 
He went upstairs and got on a pair of black shoes that the shoes looked sneakers like along with finding pockets for his wallet and keys in his karate uniform went to get them both then left the apartment locking the door following the Highlander to a sedan which he proceeded to snooze on the ride to the airport only wakened up by the driver shaking his arm. He found the plane wasn’t small sized but appeared to be regular jumbo jet sized and ordered to get aboard which he obeyed finding Human males having reverence like looks in their eyes aimed at him while wearing the Master Army wear clothes on their forms. Jinks frowned as he went to sit and heard the pilot announce the take off and requesting people to wear seatbelts which he obeyed sitting down in an aisle seat to notice in front of him was a bag in a pocket he figured was for throwing up. Jinks found himself sick while the plane was in motion feeling himself feeling like throwing up grabbed the bag and held it up in front of him mouth over it waiting as the plane flew in the air with turbulence. He willed himself to keep his breakfast down despite feeling sick in his stomach. Jinks felt he filmed during the entire plane ride till it landed in the airport as he gulped trying to keep his breakfast down. He felt relief when the plane stopped its motion and ordered out by an army man whom he obeyed to find the sun had already risen above the horizon and a sedan waiting for him with a Highlander driver. Jinks snoozed in the car ride to the town he discovered upon wakening by the driver that it was a small town from the looks of it and noticed Master Organization influences in the vicinities of it by various people wearing Peasant wear along with shrines to Lance Richard. He felt himself filmed getting out of the car to meet the crowd in front of a High School building dubbed Lance Richard High School by the sign on front. Jinks discovered that the tournament was for kids below black belt whom he found himself refereeing fights between kids including the title fight and posing with the winner for the trophy along with shaking hands with various people.  He felt his senses blaring during the entire tournament along with touched repeated by various people that annoyed him. He felt fed up with the tournament and touching went out of the building ignoring people to find his driver standing in front of a limo parked in the fire lane of the high school which he frowned at the car changed got inside to see Lance Knight in it to his surprise. 
He frowned as Lance Knight spoke as the car was felt starting up and moving “Your terrible acting as the vessel due to letting various people touch you as seen by them doing it.”
Jinks frowned further forming it on his lips as Lance Knight pulled out a red baseball cap from his back pocket of jeans putting it on along with sunglasses and added “No one noticed me underneath this disguise.” 
He stiffened seeing Lance Knight disguised due to recognizing his son hanging around the tournament wearing jeans and a rugby top among the people and reason why his senses kept blaring whenever he eyed the male appearing to be watching him. 
He kept his mouth shut as Lance Knight added sounding like he had the Master in control “Those that noticed me unaware of my identity were told to bug off with me sounding like this.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut in response as Lance Knight removed the baseball cap and sunglasses showing him not having the Master in control which his son spoke “Papa has for years flaunted me as a vessel due to its reported that he had someone do some computer work on seeing what my face would look like when I was sixteen which results proved me to have the deity’s face.”
Jinks again kept his mouth shut recalling from a previous meeting with Lance and his son there admitting that Jinks himself wasn’t felt to be his actual father despite not feeling a connection towards him. 
He eyed Lance Knight who kept talking “Papa when he raised me taught me that the vessel is seen as something nasty while the deity is seen as something good. Beats me why Papa came up with that idea anyway. I haven’t been able to find out from Papa on this vessel’s attitude due to that he’s been really tight lipped on it and has refused to explain about it Humph.”
Jinks mentally thought to himself as his son became silent “Hmm I think I’ll ask Lance about this once I meet him when I get the chance.” 
He heard a throat clearing noise from Lance Knight figured that his son wanted him to talk which he spoke “Well that’s interesting learning about that from you.”
He heard a hiss from Lance Knight and kept talking “By the way someone got into my home and exchanged all of my regular clothes into some all black look. My regular clothes were something you’re wearing at the moment.”
He heard nothing more from Lance Knight but a frown look on his son’s face as he added “The clothes were something I habitually wore thanks to my mother when she raised me buying my clothes and insisting I wear them period along with wrecking my attempts to wear something else instead. The wreck ups were from her stealing the clothes from my dressers and replacing them with the clothes she wanted me to wear despite me buying them with my own money from jobs and allowances. This style of rugby top and jeans started soon after the transfer from Earth to Shadan when I was a ten year old. Mother refused to let me wear anything else regardless of what style was popular back then even in school. She even balked having me wear shorts and a t-shirt when the weather required for it but let me wear some hooded sweatshirt top with zipper for the cold times but anything else she balked. She did let me wear uniforms related to sports when I was doing them. The only sport Mother would let me do was karate before I went to High School. Then she pushed me to join the football team and kept on talking me to do it which I wound up joining the team and played football the entire time the sport was in season while I was in High School.”
He paused to clear his throat and stared at Lance Knight who spoke in response “Interesting. Papa when he raised me didn’t seem to care if I joined other sports besides doing karate when I was in High School. I competed on the wrestling team when it was in season in High School and competed for it the whole time I attended High School and wound up winning the state championship title in my senior year despite having some loses in the other years.”
Jinks didn’t comment as Lance Knight kept talking “Oh Lizette when she was in High School competed in this team sport of soccer which the team won a state championship title her junior year. She played some part related to defense as in helping the goaltender keep the ball out of the goal her entire time she was on the team despite the coach rearranging players to play other positions each year she was in High School.” 
He spoke as Lance Knight pause “Interesting hearing that. I’m still curious as to who replaced my clothes in my home like I said. Plus my mother’s reasons for me to keep I in this rugby top and jeans look was kept secret from me. She refused to explain to me why I had to wear the clothes despite the both of us getting into arguments about it. She used parental authority as a reason to why I had to keep on that clothes look and even used that to end the arguments.”
He heard a hmm from Lance Knight as he paused then his son spoke “I suspect the clothes exchanged happening to you was from my sister. Papa had me wear all black clothes the moment it was obvious I had the deity’s face when I was fourteen years old starting High School. That’s when the flaunting me as a vessel started among the Master Organization. Papa refused to let me wear anything else color wise but was lenient on what kind of clothing style I wore as long as the color was black.”
Jinks frowned as Lance Knight kept on talking “I was known in High School by the nickname of Black Knight among students when they talked to me, my all black look including using my last name in the nickname. The teachers when they want to discipline me would use my last name with mister included but other times it’s just my name of Lance.”
He kept his mouth shut as his son continued talking “Also the wrestling coach used that nickname during practice with others on the team and kept it up. I heard from the coach that he was trying to get my opponents from other schools nervous about competing with me in matches by use of that nickname to indicate I was something undefeatable. That nickname bit wound up taken up by announcers announcing me competing in matches as in saying ‘Black Knight’. They refused to say my name of Lance Knight instead would say that nickname. The coach’s idea worked partially of the time due to that some opponents when they competed against me were able to defeat me when it came to competing for a spot in the state championship title match. I lost two years in a row kept from able to compete in the state championship title then junior year I wound up competing in the title match but lost due to some controversial call by the referee. People said after the match that I should have won period and said that the referee was playing favorites due to that the guy was reportedly a former student of the High School my opponent competed for.”
Jinks frowned as Lance Knight paused to clear his throat then his son continued “As for the referee in question I heard some driver ran him over in some hit and run in broad daylight which the driver hasn’t been found despite some pathetic hundred dollar reward offered and people hanging around in the area have claimed to have not seen what happened. The referee wound up wheelchair bound for life as a result which people have said it was payment for him being a dirty referee due to reports of him favoring people from his former high school to win matches and declaring them the winners through controversial calls. Also the wrestling federation for High Schools issued that referees alumni of a school couldn’t referee a match with one of the opponents currently going to the high school their alumni of. In senior year I won the state championship title due to fair refereeing and that my opponent was some junior who competed undefeated in matches. It took reportedly an hour for a winner to be declared despite the referee declaring me the winner and that other referees hanging around had to view the match via video recording on a TV to make sure that the referee’s call was good and not blown. They kept up this video recording analysis for a full hour in some private room before coming out and saying that I won the title. This is something that is still ongoing for state title matches in wrestling from what I heard.” 
Jinks formed a frown on his face as his son paused again and gave him a narrowed eyed look with some suspicion in them which he figured Lance Knight wanted him to admit something. 
He spoke “Alright I admit it when I was growing up my Mother never breathed a word about the Master Organization group or its deity Lance Richard to me or that I was considered a vessel of the deity. I didn’t know a thing about the group till I wound up in this body form. I met some members of the group that explained it to me and hearing from Roosevelt, your father raiser admit that he was a descendant of Lance Richard himself to explain why he had certain power abilities he displayed in front of me a few times.” 
He clamped his mouth shut to frown while staring at Lance Knight who spoke “Papa did the opposite of what your mother did. He had the Master Organization and its deity beliefs flaunted in my face as soon as I started talking as a kid including going around flaunting me as the vessel of a deity thanks to come computer saying I would have the deity’s face. Humph he didn’t have me get involved into the Master Organization till I was fourteen years old is when he started the involvement.”
Jinks recalled something involving Lance telling him about his son’s treatment towards his wife Niamah which he spoke “You want to admit something about you getting involved in a relationship due to hearing something that involved you rebelling against your father raiser’s expectations as a vessel?”
He narrowed his eyes to see Lance Knight’s eyes turn all black as he did the same which his son spoke sounding angry “Don’t ever ask me that again period so drop the subject now.” 
He spoke as his son stopped talking “Fine so anything else I should know being the vessel of a deity since I’m apparently clueless?”
He heard in response the driver’s voice speaking as the car halted its movements “Mr. Knight we’re here as you ordered.” 
He saw Lance Knight will away the Master as he did the same and saw the limo was in a parking lot of some retail store and frowned as he heard from his son “Get out and go to the car now.”
Jinks eyed his son who gave him a glare which he got out of the limo and shut the door then stood watching as the limo drove away out of sight. 
He frowned to look around while hearing rumbles of thunder to see a sedan with dark tinted windows stop near him followed by a Highlander wearing a uniform getting out and walking up to him speaking “Sir you better be Jinks Montreal. I’ve been in this parking lot for two hours waiting for you to arrive.” 
He spoke as the Highlander stopped walking to stand in front of him “I’m Jinks Montreal so drive me home then.” 
He heard from the Highlander “Actually it’s to the airport where there’s a plane waiting for you.”
Jinks spoke “Fine.” 
He didn’t say anything else as the Highlander led him to the car which he got inside and buckled his seatbelt and stared out the window as the driver drove him to the airport which he found the familiar plane waiting for him and got into it to sit down. He again felt the familiar sickness hitting him as the plane flew through violent turbulence repeatedly over and over as he struggled not to throw up till the plane landed in the airport and told to get out by an army man. He obeyed to find a car waiting for him whom he got inside and its Highlander driver drove him to Wethersfield as he peered out the window at the scenery. He felt relief as the car stopped at the apartment complex and got out going to his apartment hands in his pockets to feel annoyance take hold when he felt his wallet and keys were gone from them and realized that someone pickpocket them out due to some people at the tournament were bumping into him on purpose. He exhaled a breath and proceeded to use his Master’s powers to open the doors and then walked inside locking both doors along with ditching the shoes and karate uniform into the closet. He went upstairs clad in his underwear shorts and socks to the bedroom which he yanked out some sweats in the color black putting them on after exploring the clothes in the dresser for what they were. Jinks felt tiredness hitting him yawned abruptly and laid his form onto the bed on his stomach and shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “Alright Jinks, your son’s reason to his father raiser when it was obvious that he had Niamah expecting was that she came onto him and refused to take no for an answer and that he doesn’t hurt females period. Oh Roosevelt somehow figured out that your son was rebelling against him hence Niamah carrying his child and him refusing to break off relations with her despite told to do it.” 
He didn’t say a word as Lance’s eyes turn all black making him nervous as Lance continued talking “The unofficial reason for your son having a relationship with Niamah and married to her is that she was sympathetic to his complaining to her about his father raiser’s treatment and that both were just friends at first with no indicating on pursuing a sexual relationship.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Lance continued “Your son wound up friends with Niamah, he was seen in the hallway by her punching a locker after High School finished session for the day and looking furiously angry about something which was related to some students bullying him about his one colored clothes look calling him nasty names in his face. He wound up taking out his frustrations onto a locker causing some damage which it was belonging to one of the bullying students as a way of retaliating against them for the teasing. Niamah when she caught him doing it didn’t announce her presence instead left him alone then the next day she introduced herself to him during a break between classes and kept up being friendly with him despite him teased by various students about his clothes and color he’s going around wearing. He and Niamah were friends for awhile even their parents knew of the friendship by them both visiting each other’s homes in the city.” 
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as Lance showed human blue eyes making him stop feeling nervous as the male continued talking “Your son had managed to go to Niamah’s apartment soon after Roosevelt trashed his attempts to get fatherly love from his father raiser publicity at a meeting of Table members and unstopped by guards who noticed that he was looking upset about something and thought it was best to leave him alone. Unfortunately Niamah’s parents weren’t home at the time your son arrived to there which he complained about Roosevelt’s behavior towards him then Niamah unexpectedly kissed his cheek and said some comment that she’s there for him is when he revealed the power abilities’ eye change. For some reason Niamah didn’t seemed frightened of that when he flaunted the abilities to her which she told him she accepted him having them and that’s when he got her onto the floor and raped her twice. He used his power abilities he knew of at the moment to threaten Niamah to keep her mouth shut when he was doing the sexual act. He also threatened Niamah to admit being responsible for the rape if she wound up carrying which she hasn’t done anything to protest that. Niamah from what I know of her was the one who insisted on your son marrying her with Roosevelt backing her up in that demand.”
Jinks spoke as Lance paused “Then what’s with my son telling me about the vessel known to be nasty while your known to be opposite of that?”
He saw an all black eyed glare from Lance and got his eyes forced shut in response which he came to hearing the doorbell ringing and eyed the clock seeing the time was around six o’clock in the evening. He sighed and got up going downstairs to the doorbell to find peering through the peephole was a female wearing some goggled eyed wear, head scarf and trench coat along with suitcase with her. He sighed figuring out that she was Janel opened the doors only to get her quickly pulling out a syringe and injecting it into him through his sleeve when he touched her on the arm. Jinks felt himself passing out unconscious came to hearing a phone ringing jerked open his eyes lurching up in a sitting position to discover lights were in the room he saw was some hotel room. 
He frowned as he heard the phone behind him picked up followed by a familiar female voice speaking loudly “Thank you for the wake up call. Let me know when someone inquires about me thanks.” 
Jinks twisted his form to find Janel in bed with him who put away the phone and spoke to him “The facilities are off your left in the doorway around the corner. Believe me Lanny is known to use them after he gets knocked out by sleeping drugs.” 
He didn’t comment a response got up noticing himself still in his clothes darted into the bathroom once he found it. 

Jinks came out once done to eye Janel lying in bed with a blanket up to her chest but the rest of her seen were bare. 
He sighed and spoke “How did you managed to arrange this without our kids knowing about it?”
He heard from her “I got connections, Jinks. So shouldn’t you be doing something about your clothing?”
Jinks sighed and stripped himself of his sweats and shoes discovered on his feet and stood naked seeing Janel look him up and down with approval in her eyes and expression. He didn’t comment a response instead got into bed with her and adjusted his position till he was on top of her gently and kissed her on the side of her neck while hearing her sigh loudly. 
Jinks heard from her “Your good, Jinks.” 
He smiled a smirk between kissing her neck and trailed kisses to her lips which he ravaged then broke it off to adjust himself as her legs parted allowing him entrance which he entered her and felt charges of pleasure each time he entered her making him happy. He heard Janel sighing repeatedly along with seeing her eyes roll with head up which he brought kisses to her neck during bouts of thrusting and spilled he inside her with a jerk. He heard Janel give off a soft moan as he jerked from the intense charge of pleasure hitting him and sighed loudly while again feeling himself still hard enough to mate. Jinks did another round of mating with no protests from Janel who remained still as he did the thrusting motions while again feeling the familiar charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her. He gave off a loud sigh once he spilled himself inside her and adjusted his position to look at her in the face as she lowered her head with eyes still shut. He felt Janel’s hands on his shoulders go lower and sighed when they found his nipples and played with them by the feel seeing a pleasant expression on her face as she opened her eyes. 
He stared at Janel as she moved her hands to the back of his neck along with wrapping her legs around him and speaking “The kids don’t seem to get it that their parents belong together anyway.” 
Jinks found himself agreeing to Janel’s words lowered his head and kissed her on the lips then broke it off to stare at her again as she added “Roosevelt for some unexplained reason treated Lanny as some prized object once it was apparent he inherited your face which was made known to me when he was fourteen years old. Roosevelt wound up insisting to our son to go around with this black clothing look but I talked him out of on what sort of clothes Lanny should wear as flaunted as the vessel. Lanny in response went around wearing all sorts of black clothing in different styles including some that seemed to be some look of a punk rocker with awful music which he kept for awhile even wearing the proper jewelry to go with it. Oh Roosevelt put his foot down when Lanny turned sixteen on what sort of clothes’ style he could wear which the musician look was dropped. I heard from a servant awhile back when Lanny was sixteen that someone in Scotland told Lanny about the sort of clothes you were seen gone around which he copied you and went around wearing some rugby top and jeans as his normal clothes.” 
He sighed as Janel paused to narrow her eyes with suspicion in them which he spoke “My mother when I was age ten gave me clothes of rugby top and jeans and had me wear them as I was growing up to adulthood just prior to her assassinated when I was in college. She refused to let me wear anything else besides those clothes and even stole other styled clothes I bought with my own money out of my dressers when I wasn’t home and had they replaced with that clothes style. I for reasons out of habit of wearing the clothes kept them up even when I attended college and after she was dead as well.”
He paused to frown as Janel spoke “Well the clothes style Lanny wore copying you while he attended school was later made known to Roosevelt who found out about it mysteriously unexplained to this day. He wound up again putting his foot down and insisted that our son wear something else which the clothes of business wear top and dressy pants was insisted and he wore them. I heard that some kids students wound up making fun of Lanny wearing the clothes thinking he was poor and on a scholarship due to that the school lets kids very smartly enter it on scholarships. The kids thought his clothes were the same thing he was wearing despite them identical.”
Jinks frowned hearing that forming it on his lips as Janel kept talking “Lanny was seen on recorders punching a locker belonging to one of the bullying students causing quite very bad damage enough to bent the locker with another student seeing him later identified as Niamah who was later his wife that didn’t do anything to stop him doing it instead walked away.”
Jinks didn’t comment as Janel paused to clear her throat which she continued “The school’s officials had Lanny punished for the locker damage by giving him three days detention which he served during summer session at the school insisting on the date he serve the punishment. They also kept a lid on the detention to the teachers and students including who damaged the locker to the custodian who replaced it with the students not alerted of it. The school’s officials wound up insisting to Roosevelt to send Lanny to Zesky hospital for tests after one of the officials showed him the recording of the locker damaged by our son and said that the locker was made out of a very strong metal alloy that even a normal Human wouldn’t be able to bend it by fisting which our son was able to do. Roosevelt paused for awhile doing that hospital recommendation till Niamah wound up expecting our son’s offspring which her expectant status was blabbed from her parents to Lanny’s father raiser and me. That was due to her mother was said to reportedly caught her daughter crying in her bedroom two weeks after the mating and got her to talk what was upsetting her which Niamah said that she was carrying and pointed out our son as the father and refused to say who was the responsible for initiating the mating.”
He frowned hearing that as Janel continued talking “Actually Roosevelt was forced to have Lanny go to the Zesky Hospital due to Niamah’s parents blabbing to the school that their daughter was carrying and pointed out our son as the one who fathered the offspring. The school forced Roosevelt to agree to the hospital recommendation for tests which was done on Lanny. The Zesky hospital found through test results done on him including physical tests that he has some very strong strength stronger than a normal Human would have. They also said he would be an ideal candidate for donating services for creating offspring through Highlander females but refused to explain how they found out about it or respond to my asking if he would have to mate with a Highlander female for that to happen. Scotland is the one that said to me about that Highlander issue after I got the test results from the Zesky hospital. Also Lanny has to this day refused to tell me what the Zesky Hospital did to test him or anything to indicate him capable with Highlander females to create offspring and has always thrown a tantrum whenever I bring it up.”   
Jinks groaned and pulled out sensing Janel paused and released her holds onto him. 
He spoke after adjusting his position to lie on his side next to her on her back “Alright I admit it I’m capable of creating offspring through Highlander females due to having such a thing happen which some Highlander lawyer back then told me of it and told me to refrain from mating with the species anyway.”
He noticed Janel’s eyes narrowed which he added “Also the strong strength must have been inherited from me. So let me guess, our son told Roosevelt that Niamah was the one who was responsible and he let her had her way onto him. Unfortunately Roosevelt found out otherwise that our son was the responsible party by him refusing to break off the relationship with Niamah. Am I right on this?”
He stared at Janel whose eyes remained narrowed followed by her speaking “Correct on what you’re talking about, Jinks. I suspect that Lizette told you the official story about Lanny anyway that she admitted telling you this to me at a private talk in the ladies room at some restaurant on nights I’m to eat out with her and our son. Also I’m not sure if you know of this but Niamah a week after the pregnancy was known to our son was the one who insisted on marriage to Lanny with Roosevelt backing her up which they were married privately by a judge after the birth of their son. Lanny kind of balked the marriage issue as long as he could till a month after his son was born was when Roosevelt forced the issue threatening to legally have him emancipated from his parent ship and not have him get anything or money from him if he didn’t marry Niamah which he proceeded to do via a judge with his father raiser there. The school I have to add was quickly alerted of Niamah’s situation once her pregnancy was confirmed and already had the proper medical technicians on hand to handle it. That’s due to that the school a year before transfer to Shadan had some nasty reputation of kids mating with each other with pregnancies resulting as a result. The nasty reputation is still ongoing despite female students reportedly getting pregnant but that doesn’t keep people from sending their kids to there for an education anyway.”
Jinks spoke “What kind of high school is that anyway? I’m surprised that Roosevelt would send our kids to there despite the nasty reputation known anyway.” 
He frowned as Janel adjusted her position to face him entirely and she spoke “That high school in question was a well known private school for kids of rich parents to attend and it was in Albany, New York’s state capital city. Its reputation reportedly had colleges in some league accepting in graduates including graduates of other well known private schools. Plus this was during Roosevelt holding the governorship position hence our kids sent to that school. Now according to the public it was tradition that progeny of the governor to attend that high school something Roosevelt wound up doing when he was trying to run for reelection of the governor position once the kids were old enough to attend high school. I warn you that Lanny was told by Roosevelt to keep his mouth shut about what he did to Niamah along with marrying her due to that it would cause him trouble with a reelection that would come up later once the kids finished high school.”
Jinks spoke as Janel paused again “I heard that Roosevelt had some heart condition hit and he retired from the governorship position due to stress causing his heart problem and nothing else other than that he was poisoned to death.” 
He frowned as Janel rolled her eyes followed by focusing onto him and speaking “The heart condition was an excuse to get out of the governorship position before it was up because of someone mysteriously found out about Lanny and his relationship with Niamah and him fathering her child soon after he was born and blabbed that to a tabloid which wound up all over the newspapers and caused a scandal in the process. The state government wound up in talks of impeaching Roosevelt from governorship position anyway which would have prevented him from running for any political positions in the future if such an impeachment was done which always happens to others kicked out of their political positions. Roosevelt used some public social event with the help of an allergy to a Highlander air breathing medicine to get into medical distress in front of witnesses. Lucky for him there was a doctor attending the event that kept him alive till the paramedics arrived and took over and got him into the hospital. They were paid to announce the excuse of him having a heart problem caused by stress. He used that medical situation as an excuse to get out of the governorship position which his opponent was later declared governor. Roosevelt had political ambitions for the King position anyway hence he pulling that stunt.”
Jinks frowned as Janel sighed and spoke “Our kids soon after Roosevelt stepped down were supposed to be transferred to another high school to one in New York City where his home base was but I talked Roosevelt out of that using some excuse that some colleges were looking at them as possible candidates for scholarships. I used the excuse that education was important for our kids to get including going to college something Roosevelt didn’t seem to agree with but took my excuse fine enough. My talking out to Roosevelt was due to the kids’ attitudes indicating that they didn’t want to transfer to another school instead wanted to stay at that high school which I let them have their way. Unfortunately our kids after they graduated from high school mysteriously dropped their interests in college and were more interested in competing in tournaments for karate instead. The kids have refused to obey to my nagging them to attend college for furthering their education which I used myself as an example of getting a college degree. The example backfired due to that the kids found out mysteriously unexplained to this day that my degree was in a California college for fashioning clothes and figured that college was useless to them as said to me in my face Humph.”
Jinks sighed and spoke “Well actually I did attend college when I was in my original body and wound up with a bachelors’ degree focused on the English language. I was hoping to become a sign language interpreter for the deaf. My mother was deaf herself and taught me various things involving the deaf world including hand language for communicating with deaf people which I’m fluent in at the moment. I got to admit soon after I graduated college I went to some small town named Winsted in Connecticut that had a community college program for deaf students to attend. I wound in services as a sign language interpreter for the fall semester which is what I was doing just prior to you meeting me for a mating some joke pulled by Roosevelt.”
He noticed Janel not protesting to his words about Roosevelt but her eyes narrowed in a glare stare which he added “Alright Mother raised me to believe that my father abandoned me soon after I was born and wouldn’t have anything to do with me at all a view I took literally which would rile me up to in a bad mood enough to do something bad whenever people mentioned my father to me. Roosevelt played some stunt onto me is disguising himself as an old man and meeting me outside the apartment as I was going to walk to the grocery store and saying to me that my father was a good man. I blew a tantrum in front of him and got darted out in the process. I woke up in that insane asylum which is where I figured out that you were expecting the moment my eyes saw you despite you not showing at the moment. I also admit that I wasn’t fooled like you were in thinking that you lost carrying Lizette which I knew from the looks of you that you were still carrying her despite people’s attempts to get you to miscarry.” 
He paused to frown as Janel spoke “I’m told by Roosevelt back then soon after I woke up in a hospital after they took out Lizette that you found me in some known dinosaur land forest due to that the plane I was in crashed and searchers were having too much trouble finding me because of some Human removed me and hid me somewhere in that jungle mess. Roosevelt refused to explain how you were able to find me despite people using search dogs trained in that area to find me and having dinosaur gonoids attacking them hindering their search and targeting the dogs in the process so explain that, Jinks.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath and inhaled to notice Janel had on her left hand ring finger was a diamond ring which his senses blared the moment his eyes focused on it finding it was different from the diamond ring he gave her but realized it was the actual ring altered in appearance. 
He took Janel’s left hand and kissed the palm then placed the hand on his chest over his beating heart and spoke “Don’t ever take off this ring period or I won’t find you.” 
He saw her eyes widen and narrow as if she was shocked which he added “That’s how I was able to find you in dinosaur land as you call it. The finding ability is not related to technology of any kind but my own senses guiding me to where it is actually.” 
He stared at Janel who frowned on her facial expression to remove her hand out of his hand grip to appear to be examining the ring by her eyes looking like they were focused onto it. 
Jinks spoke again as Janel resumed her eyes focus onto him “The finding ability doesn’t matter if you’re wearing the ring on your finger or not for I’ll always find it period so keep it on your person and I’ll always find you.” 
He heard the sound of a phone ringing heard a loud groan from Janel who rolled over sitting up towards the dresser on her side of the bed to pick up the phone speaking “Hello yes?”
He frowned to sit up eyeing her face to see a glare form onto it then she slammed the phone down and spoke sounding annoyed “Scotland called me to say that Lanny who I have under surveillance is getting suspicious due to not finding me at my home despite my servants’ excuses to keep him out instead searched the entire place. The servants according to Scotland took a hasty retreat getting out of there which one of them called Scotland via some public phone to have them call to alert me of this. Scotland at the moment is still tracking Lanny walking in New York City appearing to be in a bad mood and might cause trouble to the restless natives which they told me they might knock him out if he does anything seriously harmful.” 
Jinks sighed and spoke “Um, Janel where are we anyway since this is a hotel room anyway?”
He stared at Janel who folded her arms over her bared breasts and spoke sounding annoyed “I wasn’t able to book a hotel room in Hartford like I planned to do due to some upcoming convention happening for some comic book character which hotels are all booked up for it. I was forced to do this booking in New Haven. I could have done a motel near your hometown but I despise motels for their lousy when it comes to doing cleaning jobs in rooms plus their known to reek of drugs due to drug deals happening in them. Ugh.” 
He spoke recalling one of his kids doing some mental mind ability trick onto him “What did Roosevelt teach the kids in power abilities anyway? They pulled some of that knowledge tricks onto me a few times.” 
He narrowed his eyes aimed at Janel who looked at him with a glare and she spoke “Roosevelt for some reason has balked telling me on what the power abilities he dub Source actually are or do. He has managed to privately teach the kids over the years as they grew up while he was in their life various uses of the Source and refused to let me be present when he’s teaching them. I also got tantrums of anger whenever I ask the kids what Roosevelt taught them or whatever Source powers they have which they would refused to tell me. Lanny for now after I bring up the subject has pulled this put me to sleep trick onto me repeatedly. Lizette at the moment has balked on telling me and said this excuse that she’s too nervous to share it with me due to using an excuse of bad people would find out and use her and her brother to do bad things including breaking the law in the process Humph.” 
Jinks sighed and opened his mouth while hearing the phone ringing again clamped it shut which he saw Janel grab the phone speaking “Hello yes?”
He heard her pause followed by speaking “Interesting thank you for telling me I’ll rectify the situation once I’m available as soon as I can.”
He saw her hung up followed by speaking “Humph that was Scotland informing me that some guy a well known pickpocket by the city’s cops trying to capture him, some reward put in place by some city official bumped into Lanny in an attempt to pickpocket him and was the reception of our son’s fists who punched him out unconscious and proceeded to use him as a punching bag. Someone got a hold of the cops who arrived there and had to knock out Lanny with some specialized gun weapon due to that he was resisting their attempts to get him away from the victim whom he kept on targeting with his fists. Anyway Lanny is currently in a jail cell and woke up in a violent mood which the cops are hesitating on going near him for fears of him targeting them with his fists after he apparently broke a wooden bench in pieces while in the cell along with making them think he’s too strong for them to handle judging by the walls coming apart by his fisting them. So excuse me I have to leave and get Lanny out due to that Lizette is otherwise occupied according to Scotland busy attending some hospital event for kids with cancer, who are fans of her being a karate champion and has indicated once told that she’s not getting her brother out anyway. Her excuse is that she doesn’t want to disappoint the kids at the hospital by cutting her visit short.”
Jinks spoke as Janel got up from the bed going to a suitcase on the floor “Um how am I supposed to get myself home anyway?”
He heard from her as she bent down opening the suitcase “You can ask the hotel lobby clerk for a cab which they’ll produce one. I used one to get myself here and I’ll use one to get myself back to home. I don’t trust my regular drivers not to blab on what I’m doing related to you anyway.” 
He got up from the bed without a comment and went to his clothes putting them on along with his sneakers seeing that they had Velcro on them which he stood with arms folded while staring at Janel already dressed in some pant suit brushing her hair facing the dresser’s mirror. 
He eyed her as she spoke “Jinks, Lanny and my contacts has indicated that people in the Master Organization are still loyal to our son due to still seeing him as a vessel while they are still seeing you as the deity lord himself regardless as flaunted as something else otherwise.” 
He frowned hearing that as Janel stopped brushing her hair and looked at him and added “I suggest you indicate to the hotel lobby clerk that you were a victim of kidnapping as an explanation of them having no records of your arrival. There’s an excuse of females richly well off in money targeting males to kidnap them along with getting themselves pregnant. Those females in question once their pregnancies were well known have flaunted some guy their married with as the father of their babies. Unfortunately soon after the baby is born the females in question claim divorce to the males their paired in marriage a trick that has been happening over and over. The females in question once caught pulling this stunt explained it’s just to get an heir to their money fortune with the heir raised in their beliefs and taking over once they pass away. Hotels are famously used for those mating events anyway which the hotel clerk shouldn’t question you saying it to his face and won’t call the police due to that this will cause them to lose business if this gets out due to other hotels having similar results.” 
He frowned hearing that spoke “I’ll see you around Janel.”
He heard in response “Bye Jinks.” 
Jinks without a word left the room and found a hallway which he followed seemingly lengthy feeling himself confused to where the hotel lobby was formed a confused expression on his face as an apparent maid arrived into view from a hotel room who stared at him with a frown followed by an eye roll expression which he figured it was related to what Janel told him. 
He walked up to the maid who stopped her eye rolling and focused on him and he spoke “I was just kidnapped and woke up in a room alone without clothes on and found these clothes wear lying nearby. Do you by any chance know where I can go to get out of here along with transportation to my home wherever this hotel is anyway?”
He stared at her with a frown who spoke sounding like an accent of Spanish to him “Si follow me sir.” 
He obeyed finding her leading a route that suggested only hotel staff takes when moving around the building and heard her speaking Spanish like language loudly on the way and seemed to him that she was conversing to someone on a radio device on her form which he continued to follow her still chattering with pauses in between. He didn’t comment as she led him to a door in the stairwell having a fire alarm sign on it at the bottom of the stairs and heard her continue the chatter which the lights above went off abruptly. 
He heard her speaking in Summeran “You’ll find a cab outside waiting to take you home sir so use this door to get out and be quick on that now.” 
He obeyed using the door to get out into a small alleyway and heard it slam behind him along with figuring out that the lights out was electricity turned off to keep the fire door from sounding an alarm. He stood in an alleyway to hear a horn honking which he saw at one end was a cab with a Highlander driver who waved him over. 
He obeyed getting himself inside the cab and buckled up his seatbelt and heard from the driver “Well where to sir?”
He spoke “Wethersfield is where my home is.” 
Jinks heard a groan from the driver followed by the male speaking “Sorry I’m only for local city’s use as ordered for having this job but I can get you to the train station. I do hope your bank account has the necessary funds for a train ticket which payment is by hand print only.”
He spoke as the Highlander paused “Then train station it is and do you accept hand prints for payment of the fare? I don’t have any money on me anyway.”
He heard from the driver “I’m paid enough to drive you away from this hotel to anywhere you’re needed to go.” 
Jinks heard nothing more from the Highlander as the car started up and felt moving which he eyed the window with a frown staring at the city seeing it was from memory New Haven, a shoreline city in the state of Connecticut and found the car driven to the train station. Jinks got out and walked inside finding instead of people for ticket buying but some computer ATM machines scattered around. He eyed one person using the machine to see it split out a piece of paper that suspiciously looked like a train ticket to him and copied the male to get a ticket to a stop in Wethersfield finding himself still having funds to pay for it. He sighed once done and holding the ticket recalled himself taking a train ride to New York City eyed the screen showing times for trains and a clock nearby found it was arriving soon left the terminal to the train’s dock to wait along with a gaggle of people nearby that ignored him. Jinks continued to hold the ticket as the train arrived and found people getting into a line for ticket checking by some male wearing a uniform and clipping the paper with some hand held device and handing it back to them and allowing them entrance. He stood in line and got the same thing as they did to his ticket and then got inside to find an empty seat row which he sat in the aisle seat and folded his arms eyeing people wary getting aboard and seating all around him. Jinks eyed the window once the train was in motion speeding down the state with pauses in between to let passengers off by uniform males announcing the location by an amplified voice at each stop. He heard the announcement of Wethersfield being the stop got out of the train and found the drop off location was back to his apartment complex with the buildings in view along with a high chain linked fence blocking his way from going to there. Jinks groaned and figured he would have to take the long way around which he proceeded to do finding the fence stopped at a road where a sidewalk was. Jinks took and got onto his home street and walked to the apartment complex passing by other apartment complexes on the way. He sighed and thrust the ticket into his sock once reaching the complex then walked to his apartment which once in view found himself filmed to notice a device object sitting on his front door with screen wide open. Jinks felt annoyance take hold willed the Master through and waved a hand towards the device once a meter away to see if flash sparks with filming sensation gone. He yanked it off the door finding it was some version of the dome on his porch ceiling and brought it inside after using his powers to open the locked door. Jinks locked both doors then went to the sliding door opening it and tossed out the camera into the bushes sensing himself filmed from that which he growled an annoyed sound. He got inside and shut the sliding doors locking it and thrust the curtain back into place only to hear the phone ringing as he removed the ticket from his sock. 
Jinks eyed the caller ID to see it blared Lizette’s name on it with no phone number included which he thrust the ticket into the couch dresser and picked up the phone after willing the Master away and spoke “Jinks Montreal here, something I can do for you Lizette?”
He heard in response “Sorry I’m not Lizette but this is Jayden Kyushu her husband. Lizette’s out at the moment. I’ve been calling you for awhile sir due to some situations that require you to know of them.” 
He frowned hearing that spoke “Well what’s going on anyway? Excuse me for not being at home. I was otherwise occupied.”
Jinks heard Jayden speak “Its news on the brother in law, Lance Knight. He was caught by cops and witnesses punching out some reported criminal, cops have been after for awhile while in public and wouldn’t stop the fisting despite ordered to cease the behavior by the law. Cops had to knock him out as a result which he’s currently in a jail cell and still in holding judging by his angry behavior and damage he’s doing to the cell he’s contained in. The cops in question said that their not going to release him till he calms down then he’ll be free.” 
Jinks spoke as Jayden paused from talking “Argh! anything else?”
He heard from Jayden “Actually the criminal the cops were trying to catch is currently in another jail cell recovering from injuries to his ribs cracked. The cops from what I’m told are going to be lenient towards the brother in law. His targeted victim was some criminal they have been trying to catch for awhile with no success in doing that arresting due to not easily finding him. They said that they’ll release brother in law once he’s calmed down. I’m expecting the police to call me soon due to that their latest phone call said that brother in law had stopped damaging the cell and was sitting down on the floor at the moment. I’m pretty sure that brother in law stopped being angry and will be released soon.”
He spoke as Jayden paused “Oh ok well call me on news on my son once the cops call you. I won’t keep you on the phone for that.” 
Jinks heard “Thanks Mister Montreal.” 
He heard the dial tone in his ear sighed and eyed the clock on the TV to see it was an early evening hour felt sleepiness hitting him groaned as he darted upstairs to his bedroom yanking off the clothes leaving his underwear shorts on his form alone and placed away the articles back into dresser drawers then got himself into bed throwing the blankets up over his head. 
Jinks dreamed of facing Lance who spoke “Actually Jinks this crook stole your son’s cell phone who found it gone and managed to tackle him to get the thing back. Unfortunately your son wound up angry managed to think that the crook would make a good punching bag proceeded to do it and kept on doing it even when the lawmen arrived and tried to get him to stop. Also I warn you that your son has inherited your strong strength ability but I’m unsure of the limits of that or the limits of your strong strength ability as well. Lizette does seem to have inherited that strength ability from you too. She’s appearing to be stronger than her brother whenever they both get into physical fights started by your son letting some angry mood take control and he picks fights as a result of that helps him get rid of that mood easily. Your son has this attitude that fighting is the way to go when angry just to get rid of the feeling.” 
Jinks frowned feeling himself nervous as Lance’s eyes turned all black followed by the male speaking “Don’t expect the fact that you can track Janel anywhere with this ring she’s wearing to be kept secret from your son. He’s been heard to be quite nosy enough to ask her on various information about you just prior to you transferred to that body you’re in at the moment. That nosiness sounds to me he’s a tad obsessed with you that he’s been using his power abilities to get his mother to talk on anything related to you. That meeting of yours with her will come out anyway. I also warn you that your son has managed to acquire items belonging to you had in your original body from some sources in the Master Organization. I’m not sure what’s really going on with your son at the moment but I’m suspicious and will tell you later once my hunches you call them turn out to be correct.”
He felt his eyes forced shut before he could comment a response and passed out unconscious to come to feeling a hand on his forehead which he jerked open his eyes blinking from the sunlight blaring in his eyesight along with feeling paralysis hitting his form from the neck down. Jinks shifted his eyes looking around to find Lance Knight with the Master in control standing next to his bed that straightened up his form and folded his arms. 
He felt annoyance take control willed the Master through as Lance Knight spoke “I expect questions that will be answered or else. Such as what did you tell my Mother when you were with her in a hotel room?”
He heard an edge in Lance Knight’s voice tone figured that his son already knew the answer to his question and wanted confirmation from him. 
He spoke “Why should I tell you since you sound like you already know what went on between me and your mother?”
He got a growl from Lance Knight who unfolded his arms and bent down slamming a hand onto his forehead which he stiffened from his senses blaring and then felt the hand removed which he found to his shock relaying everything he said to Janel including her getting phone calls and tell him what the contents were about. Jinks clamped his mouth shut once done feeling himself annoyed with what he said as he glared at Lance Knight who again placed a hand on his forehead and removed the hand straightening up his form. 
He found himself speaking “The ring belonged to my mother who started wearing it soon after she lost me as a five year old in some forest, me wandering away which some people found me and reunited us. One of them yanked the ring from the top of my head pulling out some of my hair and gave it to my mother insisting for her to wear it. I haven’t gotten the faintest idea of how that ring got to the top of my head or how those people figured I had it there or why they insisted to my mother to wear it. I discovered at age nine that I could track the ring anywhere after we lost each other in some crowded mall during Christmas season. My senses told me where to find my mother due to her wearing it walking all over the place and we were reunited once she paused in a bookstore café to sit and wait for me. I never told my mother that I could track her wearing the ring but she seemed to know of that ability by the way she worded her words to me about tracking her whenever we visit places that are crowded. I despite the body change can track that ring anywhere and used that ability to find your mother wearing the ring while carrying Lizette in some dinosaur land forest after her plane crashed in there. And yes I told your mother about being able to track her wearing that ring and it doesn’t matter if she has it on her finger or not for I’ll be able to find it anyway.”
He clamped his mouth shut finding the compulsion to talk gone and felt annoyance take hold while narrowing his eyes in a glare aimed at Lance Knight who pulled out a familiar object from his pocket he recognized it as the diamond ring Janel was wearing. He frowned as Lance Knight appeared to be scrutinizing the ring by holding it up eye level and eyes narrowed aimed at it seemingly lengthy before pocketing it and waving a hand towards him. He felt himself sleepy shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to hearing the doorbell ringing along with paralysis gone from him. Jinks frowned hearing the doorbell ringing lengthy sighed getting up to toss on sweat pants on his form and darted downstairs to the front door which he peered through to find Janel looking like she was annoyed judging by the expression on her face while there. 
He sighed and opened the door willing away the Master sensing it was in control and stared at Janel who spoke “We need to talk and its private so let me in now.” 
He obeyed locking both doors behind Janel to hear her speaking “Humph forgot one detail to mention to you about power abilities the kids have been displaying. It according to some people documenting it involves touching a person on the forehead with a hand which gets the victim to talk various information along with an ability to put people asleep while doing it. I was alerted by Scotland on that via phone call on my cell phone warning me that Lanny would pull that trick onto me once I was in his presence. Oh I managed to get him out of jail and paid his six hundred dollar arrest fine due to some national law that said anyone arrested is fined a money amount which varies regardless of what state territory it is but always less than one thousand dollars. I retaliated by leaving the hotel bill reportedly in some five thousand dollar amount to be paid by Lanny after he pulled that Source ability trick onto me getting me to admit what our conversation was during our meeting. I used some arranging to make sure that the hotel picks on him for not paying within a time frame.”
Jinks frowned hearing that as the phone rang which he eyed to see Lance Knight’s name in the caller ID picked up the phone speaking “Jinks Montreal here and what the depths do you want? I’m still furious with you for playing that joke onto me getting me to talk private things I don’t want people to know of.”
He heard in response the dial tone hung up the phone and added speaking to Janel looking at him with a glare “Our son played that joke onto me getting me to admit everything we talked to each other about. He does know of the ring and that I can track it anywhere. Also he appeared to have gotten the ring into his possession by showing he had it after I talked about the tracking ability.” 
He cut off his talking as Janel’s eyes widen followed by her raising her left hand up in her eyesight and groaning loudly noticing the ring was gone from her finger. 
He narrowed his eyes as she spoke “Another trick Scotland managed to inform me via cell phone while I was on my way here is that the Source’s hand touching on the forehead can trigger people to go into a trance to do things with no memory of them doing it at the moment the order is given but they’ll always remember later which the remembering varies on time frames.”
Jinks’ senses blared warning as he shifted in a direction facing the wall holding the kitchen entrance as if compelled and eyed it willing the Master through to recognize the feeling of someone else in the apartment eavesdropping. 
He spoke out loud “Eavesdropper show yourself now or else!” 
His eyes focused on the kitchen entranceway which Lance Knight stepped into view with Master in control while hearing Janel gasp out “Lanny, where have you been anyway? Niamah reports that your not at home at the moment and is annoyed with you anyway.” 
Jinks saw Lance Knight wave a hand felt sleepiness shook his head and found himself hitting the rugged floor shutting his eyes passing out unconscious. 

End notes of Jinks Montreal by Brandis the Record Keeper
