War of Mars: Jinks Montreal 3
Edenia Series by Beth Hoyer

Copyright Smashwords 2016

Prologue:
This is Jinks Montreal’s Story through Brandis the Record Keeper

Acknowledgement:
“I, Brandis the Record Keeper keep on getting Zerra the Meritanian blaring the wording of ‘Jinks Montreal’ onto me and another word ‘Remember him!’
She keeps on saying that into some insisting tone annoying me. I’m not entirely sure of what’s so special about this wording I keep on getting. I don’t get it the name Jinks rhymes with inks despite hearing a faint roaring noise of anger whenever thinking of the ink wording. Ugh. I might as well do what’s she’s blaring onto me and think of the name Jinks Montreal and hope I have an enough writing paper to write down his story.” 

Story Begins:
Jinks came to hearing the phone ringing rolled onto his back and swung he up and went to the phone to notice the phone was different with no caller ID box. 
Jinks picked it up speaking “Jinks Montreal, yes?”
He felt annoyance take hold when he heard a computerized voice speaking “I’m asking for money for a children’s charity.” and hung up the phone eyeing it. 
Jinks wound up to notice that there was new machinery like tape recorder box next to it that indicated it for holding messages and figured that he’ll simply let the answering machine do the picking up for him from now on. He adjusted the box’s volume leaving it on loud so he would know when to pick it up. 
He again heard the phone ringing growled an annoyed sound hearing a familiar computerized voice again speaking “I’m asking for money for a charity.” but this time “It was for another charity related to the humanoid Trigan species living on land in specialized water exhibits in them while being the air breathing whale gonoid dubbed Orca.” 
He rolled his eyes and heard the call ended then left the phone going upstairs thinking “I’ll shower and get into some clothes.” 
Jinks proceeded to do putting on the dressy wear outfit he saw Lance Knight wearing complete with the shoes identical to him. Jinks heard the doorbell ringing frowned went to answer the door finding no one in sight but a box in his porch which he stepped out sensing nothing seriously alarming then picked up the box cake piece sized and went back inside. He yanked open the box once setting it on his couch dresser to find his keys and wallet inside along with an envelope looking suspiciously like it contained a bill to him. Jinks took the items out and examined his wallet to find two different cards inside in place of his regular cards including a slip of white paper with writing on it. 
Jinks read the paper that said “Money amount for credit is five hundred dollars a month.”
He found one card appeared to be some form of credit card to him and the other was his ID appearing to look altered on closer inspection showed it was just an ID and not for driving included on it. He felt annoyance take hold figuring that Lance Knight must have done that as ordered with his contacts in the Master Organization as he grabbed the envelope. He found the return address indicated to be a hotel in New Haven and figured that Lance Knight must have stuck him with the bill to the hotel room and made Janel think she got her son to pay it. He felt annoyance take hold as he opened the envelope to find a picture of he looking like it was snapped from above. 
Jinks found a typed letter instead of a bill detailing his name and saying “Jinks Montreal is forbidden to return to the hotel by his kidnapped status for they will have security to kick him out if he was found there.” 
Jinks continued to read with annoyance taking hold “We have managed to identify him through computer recorded articles related to karate after doing a search online using his picture which his identity was found out.” 
He continued reading “The hotel’s owner was informed of his situation and identity and ordered this letter to be sent to him ‘The owner will threaten him arrested if he was found at the hotel again that people in kidnapped situations like him have caused hotels to lose business and close down for good.’” 
He read “The owner will sue Jinks Montreal in court for the entire money amount it took to buy the hotel and run it if he went public about his kidnapped status making the hotel to close for good. Its loss of business from people aware of what happened to him like what happened to other hotels from kidnapped victims broadcasting their kidnapped status to the public.” 
He reached the end of the letter heard the phone ringing crumbled up the paper tossing it over his shoulder uncaring on where it landed only to hear Lizette’s voice on the answering machine saying in some pleading voice “Dad pick up the phone.”
He grabbed the phone and spoke “Lizette what’s going on now?”
He heard the dial tone as a response growled an annoyed sound and put the phone down only to get that thing ringing again which he picked up speaking his name and got Lance Knight’s voice on the line using the Master in control “What did my sister tell you and speak it now or else?”
He spoke “I heard her voice on the answering machine asking me to pick up thanks to you exchanging phones and taking away my caller ID option. She hung up when I answered and that’s about it.” 
He glared at the wall while hearing a faint choking sound willed the Master through as Lance Knight’s familiar voice was heard “That better be what happened, deity or I the vessel will make you miserable.” 
He frowned at the word deity and Lance Knight’s reference to vessel to hear the dial tone in his ear hung up the phone and heard his stomach growl loudly along with hunger felt eyed the TV to see the time was one o’clock. 
Jinks went into the kitchen thinking “I cooking a microwavable meal.” 
He found himself terribly hungry ate three packaged meals of macaroni and cheese along with gulping down two bottles of strawberry milkshake that were in the refrigerator among food and drinks. Jinks dumped the food holders into the garbage can and the fork into the dishwasher unit. Jinks heard the phone ringing again willed the Master away from him to pick up the phone as if compelled and spoke his name. 
He heard “This is Kui Lee. Sensei Tan wants you in for some lessons. 
The majority of the kids’ parents have said to Sensei Sun while she’s at kids’ tournaments watching her kids compete and doing the same to her students ‘Our children have developed some hero worship towards Jinks Montreal.’
It’s related to you competing undefeated in sparring.”
Jinks frowned hearing as Kui continued “There’s a tabloid article reportedly going around ‘Jinks Montreal is the next Tan Lee winning tournaments undefeated in fighting.’ 
The newspaper is saying ‘Jinks Montreal seen winning fights undefeated without a single loss. Jinks already won two tournaments while a black belt and are touting Mister Montreal as the next greatest karate champion.’ 
Show up for class for I suspect that my father’s lessons is involved in how to handle yourself in public while at karate tournaments either is watching them, competing or refereeing. My Father won’t say to me but insists that you show up.”
Jinks spoke “Ok I’ll be there once I can.” 
He heard from Kui “See you.” 
Jinks heard the dial tone in his ear hung up only to get the phone ringing sighed and felt compelled to pick it up obeyed and heard Lizette’s voice on the line speaking “Dad, I admit it I played a trick onto my brother that I recognized you as the vessel of the deity something Lance isn’t easily accepting. I used the trick of getting my brother to sign some agreement of recognizing you as the leader of the Master Organization and vessel of the deity including originator of him as his father. Well my brother managed to get that trick to backfire onto me by going around flaunting you as the deity and himself as the vessel which people believe at the moment when asked about the subject.”
He spoke as Lizette paused “It sure explains Lance’s wording use of deity and referring to himself as a vessel in a previous phone call to me.” 
Jinks heard a loud bang sound of a door slamming open on the phone along with a dial sound followed it. He hung up the phone and frowned hearing it ring again and figured that Lance Knight must have caught Lizette talking on the phone hence the door noises and dial tone heard. 
Jinks walked away only to pause when he heard the answering machine pick up followed by Lance Knight’s voice using the Master in control “Pick up the phone or else I’ll make you suffer for ignoring.” 
He felt no compulsion to pick up the phone went to the answering machine and switch off its volume and left to pick up his karate gear from the closet putting it on the couch and eyed his water bottle seeing it was still half full of water. Jinks sighed figuring that it needed refilling along with cleaning which he proceeded to do then once done place the bottle back in the bag’s bottle holder then sighed. He went to the curtain covering the sliding door and swished it aside peering at the sky seeing it was raining outside and groaned as lightening was seen. Jinks went to the couch dresser and yanked out drawers finding the phone book gone and recalled the cab service’s phone number groaned dialing it while holding the phone to his ear. 
He got a female Highlander in response as he spoke “I like to charter a cab.” 
He heard from the female while typing noises was also heard “To whom is chartering the cab sir?”
Jinks spoke his name and got the familiar gasped reaction along with giving out the location to where he wanted the cab to drive him to and the time he expected it to arrive which the female spoke “It’ll be done as ordered sir.” 
He heard her rattle off the familiar location of where to meet the cab at the appointed time. 
Jinks spoke “Fine.” then heard the dial tone in his ear. 
Jinks groaned eyeing the time finding he didn’t have time to search the apartment for any raingear grabbed his bag only to recall Tan giving him a rain poncho which he stuffed into it. He rooted around and found the poncho in the bottom of it which he took out and put on then grabbed his wallet putting it in his bag along with a hand holding his keys. Jinks went to the front door opening it to see no one outside and sensed nothing threatening. He locked the door and left the apartment going to the spot where the cab was the pick him up. 
Jinks adjusted the bag till most of it was underneath the poncho due to thinking “The bag wasn’t waterproofed.” 
He frowned as the rain fell harder along with thunder thundering and lightening booming more often as the cab arrived honking its horn he barely heard among the nature noises. 
He got inside and buckled up his seat belt then heard from the driver “Nasty weather to be in anyway.” 
He didn’t comment in response as the driver drove him to the karate studio which he got out and during a break of the storm heard it drive away. Jinks went to the studio’s entrance to find the hallway lights off through the glass door and a sign on it posted from inside. 
He read “Classes cancelled unless requested to show up by sensei.” 
He found the door unlocked walked inside to see the rest of the hallway lights were on except the lights near the door were off. Jinks went passed Kui’s office finding her door shut and the familiar greeter gone from her desk in the middle of the hallway. He frowned wondering what Tan had in mind for him as he went to the locker room and got himself out of his poncho, clothes and shoes into the karate uniform and black belt and then went to the studio room. Jinks found Tan there with Sensei Sun and Sergei both in a whispered conversation that halted their talk once noticing him in the room. 
He heard from Sensei Sun “Jinks stretch now.” 
Jinks obeyed getting onto the floor avoiding falling into a split move and began doing his stretching exercises noticing range of emotions flashing on the faces of Sensei Sun and Sergei while Tan had a narrowed eyed glare on his face that remained the same expression during his stretches. He swung himself up once done and turned to face the three while keeping his arms down at the sides and hands appearing to look relaxed and composed a blank expression on his face. Jinks listened attentively as Tan proceeded to teach him how to act while at tournaments as the headlined karate champion along with handling the press and fans getting into his face with Sensei Sun and Sergei playacting parts to him which he paid attention to thoroughly. 
He found the lessons ended by Tan telling him “Remember what I taught you and don’t forget it. You may leave now.” 
He spoke “Yes Sensei.” 
He didn’t comment a response as Tan pointed a finger at the door which he left the studio room and went to the locker room to exchange his uniform for clothes and shoes along with the poncho back onto his form. 
He left the locker room to again find Kui’s door shut rapped his fist onto it to hear a faint “Come in its unlocked.”    
Jinks opened the door and walked in speaking “I need to use your phone to call for a cab for I don’t have a driver and I don’t have a car either.” 
He eyed Kui who spoke “Allow me to do it.” 
He watched as she picked up the phone and dialed a number and heard her side of the conversation sounding “I like to charter a cab for my father as the one for the cab service to pick up at a location and a certain time frame and that the person was waiting inside the studio due to the bad weather.” 
He frowned as she hung up and spoke “Excuse me of using my father and lying to the cab company. Some Highlander visited me the other day saying that he was from a group dubbed Scotland and claims that bad people were targeting you. The Highlander used the cab service as an example of the bad people having bribed employees refuse your requests or be fired from their job positions by bribing their bosses to do it.”
Jinks gave off a loud sound of disgust in response as Kui paused followed by her again speaking “Yah Scotland told me that their still trying to find out who’s the one that ordered some people already arrested for causing me and my family some troubles. Scotland assured me that the charges will stick period knowing the prosecutor would do what it takes to put them in jail anyway.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as Kui added “Anyway you should go out in the hallway and wait for the cab to arrive for I did say that’s where the waiting is.” 
He obeyed going to the entrance and peered out at the raging storm to see a cab arrive which he walked out and got inside to find the driver a Highlander male that spoke “Humph Scotland isn’t kidding on what they warned me about regarding you Jinks Montreal.” 
He didn’t comment a response buckled up his seatbelt as the cab drove to his apartment complex. Jinks got out pulling his keys only to get senses blaring in response that seemed familiar once he saw the shut apartment door in vicinity along with sensing himself not filmed. Jinks adjusted the bag’s strap and keys till they both were in one hand and raised a hand to feel the familiar sense of the ring’s signal which guided him to the apartment door. Once nearing it lowered his hand and got onto the porch sensing he filmed again. He found the screen door unlocked but the front door locked which he unlocked it. Jinks got inside locking both doors to find his senses blaring telling him someone was inside the apartment hiding out of sight. Jinks quietly ditched the poncho and bag into the closet eyes on the kitchen as if drawn and then went into the living room to find his eyes focused on the kitchen entrance to find Lance Knight in view with the Master in control that waved a hand. Jinks felt paralysis hitting him all over found he collapsing onto his back willed the Master through finding he could do it despite not bothering to will forwards the shield command. His son’s face came into view and found he could move his head. His eyes focused on the male’s neck as if drawn to see a golden choker chain holding a familiar diamond ring attached. 
He kept his mouth shut as Lance Knight spoke “Spill it or else on what my sister told you while on the phone now!”
He heard the angry tone of his son’s voice kept his mouth shut only to hear an “Argh!” from Lance Knight. 
Jinks felt a hand on his forehead then the hand removed itself and he found himself relaying everything Lizette told him while noticing the male’s eyes narrow as his senses again blared warning. Jinks frowned wondering why his senses were blaring as there was a doorbell sound heard by him. 
He saw Lance Knight look up in the direction of the door then resumed looking at him ignoring the ringing noises which he spoke “Spill it Lance on your attitude of me being seen as a deity and you seen as a vessel now. I want an explanation as you’re my son and I’m your father.”
He grimaced as Lance Knight’s fist connected with his forehead before his son resumed looking at him as the doorbell halted its noises as he heard a glass breaking sound along with hissing noises. He coughed unexpectedly as Lance Knight’s head disappeared from view and felt the paralysis gone from him. Jinks swung he up to find the sliding door open and darted towards it yanking aside the curtain to halt with shock hitting him along with seeing the storm had stopped. Jinks saw Niamah sideways facing his direction having a hand on Lance Knight’s throat while dangling his feet him held above her and saw her other hand was in a fist punching him hard into his stomach area. 
His son was gagging loudly “Niamah!” name repeatedly along with the word “Please!” in some pleading tone repeatedly.
He frowned to shift the curtain back into view but enough for him to peer out at the scene as Niamah stopped punching Lance Knight and lowered him to the ground till feet were touching it. He saw his son use karate to get out of her hand’s grip along with getting one of her arms behind her onto her back in some painful looking hold and a hand gripping her pony tailed hair yanking her head up face facing the sky both having backs to him. 
He heard Lance Knight snarl in an angry tone “I should kill you for keeping secrets from me and getting into my business along with manipulating me you, bitch.” 
Jinks grimaced hearing Lance Knight insult Niamah which he heard nothing in response from her as his son continued talking “I meant it with what I said. I will kill you. I don’t give a damn if three children are going to be raised without their mother in their lives from me killing you.” 
He heard from Niamah loudly “Lance, I do these things because I love you and I care about you anyway. I don’t want to see you get hurt-“
Jinks heard Lance Knight interrupt “Spare me those words you, bitch. I think it’s a high time I do what I said which is killing you anyway.”
Jinks yanked aside the curtain as Lance Knight got a hold of Niamah’s head releasing her arm and pony tailed hair which he waved a hand mentally ordering paralysis to hit his son seeing it hit home. This was followed by the male releasing his hold onto Niamah while collapsing onto the ground onto his back as he walked out towards the duo. He eyed Niamah who turned around eyeing him with some nervous expression in her eyes and face. Jinks went to Lance Knight and willed away the paralysis from his son’s head but left him deadweight from the neck down. Jinks got Lance Knight swearing unsuitable wording, language insults aimed at him as he stood next to him while folding his arms. Jinks looked away to stare at Niamah grimacing he noticed while staring at him back as an idea came to mind. 
Jinks spoke loudly hearing Lance Knight cut his talk “Niamah, what’s a woman like you being married to a bully child like him when you should be married to someone else who’ll care for you the way you wanted?”
He glared at Niamah who appeared to gulp while hearing silence from Lance Knight as she spoke “I love him.”
He heard her speak it in a nervous voice tone which he walked over Lance Knight and stood in front of her blocking her view of his son and spoke “Come along, Niamah let’s get out of here.”
He heard Lance Knight protest “Don’t you dare leave me like this!”
Jinks ignored his son’s repeated words as he took Niamah’s arm and led her to the fence’s door. Jinks took her out of the yard shutting the door while sensing himself filmed. He led her to Tan’s apartment and spied the familiar toy car on the way. He waved a hand towards it to see it shorted out with a loud squeal sound heard. Jinks heard nothing from Niamah as he got her to Tan’s apartment and got her to sit in the lawn chair on the porch then stood with arms folded staring at her she not meeting his eyes but staring at her hands. 
He reached out a hand gripping Niamah’s chin and got her eyes eyeing him as he spoke “Now tell me the actual reason to why you allowed my son to have his way with you as in raping you when I know your strong strength would have physically prevented that incident from happening.” 
He heard a soft groan from Niamah as he released her chin and folded his arms followed by her speaking sounding nervous “I don’t deny it that I love him. I’m in love with Lance that I was willing to even let him treat me inappropriately. You’re wrong about my strength’s power anyway. It didn’t stop Lance from raping me when I tried the strength power onto him coming onto me despite me not in the mood. He used his Source’s power abilities to get me to submit. I wound up expecting as a result. I tried to hide that status from my parents but my mother figured out that I was carrying from her looking at me despite me wearing my normal clothes of sweats.
I thought ‘The sweats were hiding my form according to myself.’ looking in the mirror while I was two weeks into that status and said it to my face as a statement saying ‘Your pregnant.’ 
My mother has refused to tell me how she figured out that I was pregnant and how she accurately pinpointed the father after saying his name to me after she said her statement. I got to warn you that I haven’t have much luck into getting my mother to talk on how she accurately figured out what was going on between Lance and me. It was her who insisted that I demand to Roosevelt to get Lance to marry me. 
She emphasized ‘You should be married to Lance anyway regardless of him fathering your child.’”
He narrowed his eyes as Niamah paused to look down followed by her continuing “The marriage in question hasn’t been smooth sailing despite Lance treating me inappropriately from time to time. It’s not the first time he’s used that threat of killing me. I know why he uses that threat anyway which has nothing to do with me in case you want to know. He says what he says from that he’s having internal problems from noticing him spoiling our children and doesn’t do much disciplining whenever they misbehaved. His internal problems are related to his father raiser Roosevelt not raising him properly by how he behaves towards the children. Also his nasty behavior towards me is seeing how his father raiser behaves towards his mother which is similar to the way he acts around me. I know of this behavior copying for I talked to his mother during one our private get together lunches and she has given me clear details on how her husband behaves around her which I’m seeing from Lance himself.”
He didn’t comment a response as Niamah looked at him while speaking “I do warn you that Lance will use whatever means to gain knowledge of this conversation known once he’s freed from his trapped status. He used Source abilities to get our oldest child to admit breaking a vase after it was found on the floor after the both of us heard a crash sound from the living room. We went to investigate and found him hiding in our bedroom closet. Oh by the way I haven’t seen anything related to the Source abilities in the children despite Lance using Source methods onto them to get them to produce that with failure happening. I don’t think the children inherited the Source ability anyway but they seemed to have inherited some strong strength ability I think is from me seeing them doing things that indicate this.”
He felt himself filmed again as Niamah paused to look down at her hands which he spoke “Alright you told me enough so come along while we go to my son and have a frank talk with him.” 
Jinks saw Niamah get up who didn’t look at him instead kept staring at the ground which he took her arm and guided her to his apartment’s fence while hearing silence from Lance Knight. Jinks yanked open the door to see his son was still in his familiar position. He walked inside pushing Niamah into the backyard and shut the fence’s door then walked towards his son to peer at him who again gave him the insults along with threats of causing him harm while speaking vulgar language words. 
He spoke as Lance Knight became silent “Tsk such inappropriate language.” 
Jinks eyed Niamah who was staring at Lance Knight which he watched as she threw herself down in a kneeling position and grabbed Lance Knight’s face by hands on the cheeks and was kissing him on the lips. Jinks walked away going inside his apartment to stand inside and peered at the couple with curtain adjusted. 
He watched as Niamah broke off the kiss to put her body on top of Lance Knight while hugging him having her forehead touching her husband’s face by the side and heard nothing from his son in response. 
He continued to eye them as Lance Knight snarled out loudly “You stinking deity get me out of being in this status now or else!”
Jinks sighed thinking to he “I think I should just leave my son there once he stops this attitude.” 
He frowned as he felt compelled to walk out which he obeyed and leaned down into his son’s eyesight who again snarled repeating his words. Jinks reached a hand towards Lance Knight and placed it onto his son’s forehead.
Jinks mentally spoke “I’m ordering you to talk on why you was behaving towards myself and threatening to kill Niamah repeatedly over and over.” 
He removed his hand and found Lance Knight speaking sound annoyed “I saw my father raiser’s behavior towards my mother and was copying him towards Niamah. As for my behavior towards you it’s me coping with the fact that my father is dead and that he’s back in another body form. I have felt no connection of father/son relations towards you despite my sister feeling that way and despite you declaring me your son. I’m just frustrated with the way my father raiser Roosevelt raised me and you not in my life to counterattack that behavior hence me spoiling my children and refusing to discipline them as much as they should have been anyway. I’m also frustrated to find out most of what Papa said about my father were lies and that he was trashing him to me just to make me hate him. Also Papa drilled into me to do what it takes to keep the vessel of a deity status something I was told almost all of my life while he was alive expecting me to keep the status period despite others telling me that you’re the vessel when I’m not. Papa when he was alive emphasized that those people were using my appearance of short hair and skin coloring inherited from my mother as an excuse to not see me as the vessel despite my face is twin to my father that was a declared vessel. Unfortunately Papa later admitted to me using Source abilities onto him that he had manipulated using Source abilities onto some guy named Burke Richardson to shoot the actual vessel just to get him out of the way so I could take his place and be declared the vessel.” 
Jinks stiffened of shock hearing Lance Knight’s words related to Roosevelt himself as Lance Knight continued “I managed to find out later after Papa’s death that Papa’s trick onto Burke was discovered by Richardson leaving a video confession of a meeting with Papa and compelled to shoot the vessel after Papa touched him on the forehead barehanded while flaring some black eyed look and did the actual deed. I also found out about Burke dying in some car explosion was ordered by Papa himself word getting out that some Table member shot the vessel which was later revealed to be Richardson after he passed away.”
Jinks heard nothing more from Lance Knight mentally thought to himself “Hmm perhaps I should force him to talk on why the vessel is acting nasty while the deity is not.” 
He bent down and placed a hand on Lance Knight’s forehead mentally giving the order and straightened up his form to hear from his son “Papa drilled in the Table members the moment he started the Master Organization on Earth that the vessel is always nasty while the deity is always seen as a good person. That view has been shared among other members of the Master Organization who has taken it valuably once told of it. I don’t know why Papa keeps on insisting on that to me and the other members of the Master Organization-“
He heard Niamah cut in “Jinks free my husband will you please?!”
He obeyed to see Lance Knight push aside Niamah violently and swung up in a karate move while growling loudly before charging at him with legs and fists swinging in karate moves. Jinks felt compelled to fight back obeyed to the feeling finding the both of them evenly matched with no success from either one of them to knock each other off their feet. Jinks continued to spar fight with Lance Knight seemingly lengthy that quit the growling noises and noticed that his son had stopped flaring all black eyes. Jinks copied him showing Human blue eyes and saw a glare on his son’s face as he fought with him in the yard. He ignored Niamah he sensed watching the both of them fighting and sensed that Lance Knight was trying to knock him off his feet from the karate styled that way. Jinks copied finding his son not easily knocked down as he was due to avoiding his attempts and himself doing the same. Jinks continued to spar fight with Lance Knight who charged full body attack aimed at him abruptly which he charged back meeting his son’s charge as if compelled and grabbed him by hands on the shoulders as he did the same. He saw Lance Knight’s eyes narrow as his son used his legs and feet attempting to knock him down which he copied while still having a grip onto his shoulders. Jinks kept his grip on his son’s shoulders in response. Jinks kept his son arm length away from figuring out that Lance Knight would head butt him. Once close enough and sensed the male had figured out the same thing from the pressure of his hands on his shoulders indicating he was keeping him arm length away while trying to knock him down with legs and feet kicking at him as he did the same thing to him. Jinks felt Lance Knight release him which he copied and stood with arms folded sensing the fight was over as indicated by his son folding his arms. 
His son snarled out “No fair! I can’t even defeat my sister when I spar fight with her for she always footed my seat regardless of how violent I am towards her with karate.”
He kept his mouth shut as Lance Knight glared at him while hearing a throat clearing noise off his left. Jinks looked unfolding his arms to see Niamah with a hint of a smirk on her face that halted the noises when he looked at her to glare at him. 
Jinks spoke “Excuse me.”
He walked inside unstopped and shut the sliding doors behind him but peered out through the curtain adjusted at the couple standing sideways from him facing each other. Jinks eyed their lips to lip read his son seemingly complaining “I missed spar fighting and wanted to do it at tournaments but can’t hold the Karate Federation’s President Title. If I competed it’ll mean I dropped the title and can’t drop it. Needing the job to help pay for our lifestyle and helping my mother live comfortably. She can’t take residence in the building my father raiser owned for it’s for the Master Organization’s vessel.” 
He continued to lip read Lance Knight complain “The building my father raiser owned was willed to the Master Organization with stipulation that it was for the vessel of the deity to take residence there and people living there were for only for the vessel’s care.” 
Niamah he lip read after sensing Lance Knight had stopped talking “You should find a way to spar fight while legally holding the Karate Federation’s President’s title.” and saw her pause to gently kiss his son on the lips followed by breaking it off. 
He lip read her speaking “Does the title holding mention anything about keeping you from training others in karate including doing the spar fighting in practice to students?”
He sighed figuring out that Niamah’s question was a good one as he shifted to lip read Lance Knight who didn’t talk instead appeared to be staring at her with a frown seen on his lips. 
He shifted back to Niamah who continued “You’re a karate champion winner of tournaments in spar fighting, Kata and weapons. Who’s to say that you can’t teach others karate? Who’s to say that you can’t spar fight with students while teaching them how to do that themselves and them learning from fighting with you? Who’s saying that anyway?”
He frowned to shift towards Lance Knight who he lip read speaking “I doubt I can teach karate to a bunch of people. I was trained by a karate teacher either alone or with my sister there training along with me. I haven’t gotten the experience or the knowledge in teaching a whole group of people to learn karate especially teaching that to kids. I’m terrible with discipline. I haven’t been doing it to our children anyway. I detest disciplining our children whenever they do something mischievous. Sorry Niamah think of something else then.”
He shifted to look at Niamah who he lip read speaking “Isn’t there another sport that involves fighting that you could take up to fight in while keeping the Presidential title? I heard there are other fighting sports such as one called boxing but I don’t know if that uses karate anyway.”
Jinks frowned as he felt sleepiness hitting him abruptly yawned and adjusted the curtain back into place and went to the couch to sit leaning back which he shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who had an all black eyed glare. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “Actually there is a fighting sport involving karate but its extremely violent and very physical.  Fighters fight each other using various methods to knock an opponent down onto the ground and using whatever method to keep them from getting up including knocking them unconscious just to win the fight. The fights in question are also judged by specialized people watching them in case either fighter can’t knock each other down. They fight up to a time set for it then the winner is declared after a debate. The fighter getting unconscious actually loses the fight in question and opponent declared the winner right away.”
Jinks spoke as Lance stopped flaring black eyes “Oh interesting anyway but can my son do this sport while holding a title?”
He frowned forming it on his lips as Lance spoke “Actually the karate world’s people have pinpointed your son for doing inappropriate behavior towards others. They have given your son an ultimatum which is either compete and give up the president’s title or keep the president’s title and not compete. They didn’t say anything about him doing other sports or competing in karate related sports such as this fight sport dubbed Extreme Brock Baxter. I heard it’s named after some male Human with the name of Brock Baxter who started the sport soon after the transfer along with pushing people to do it.
He insisting ‘People needed physical activity along with an outlet for their angry mood.’ 
You Humans soon after the transfer were in a very bad angry mood and targeting each other quite violently hence this Baxter pushing people to take up this sport just to keep people alive which he kept it up all over the place. Lots of people wound up taking his word on the sport and found them no longer furious after punching out an opponent unconscious. They wound up naming the sport after him in his honor after he took a bullet for a political official and passed away from it.” 
Jinks saw Lance stop talking to look away from him and felt his eyes forced shut which he passed out to come to hearing the phone ringing which he lurched up to stand and grabbed the phone speaking his name. 
He heard “Dad its Lizette, what have you been doing to my brother anyway? He’s reportedly saying that you’re the vessel for two days straight. My brother relieved he of that position along with telling members that you’re the vessel actually. Plus he’s said to think of taking up another sport related to fighting liking doing it. After it was reported that he fought you in some physical karate combat battle which both of you were seen to be equal in the fight.”
Jinks frowned hearing a pause in talk eyed the TV as if drawn to notice the date and calculated that he was out asleep for a few days straight which he heard a throat clearing noise from Lizette. 
Jinks spoke recognizing that Lizette wanted him to talk “I haven’t done much to your brother on this vessel attitude actually. I realized that Lance wanted to fight physically. So I fought him who threw everything he had. I did the same and am I’m pretty much surprised with how equal we were in the fight despite none of us able to knock each other down.”
He stopped talking and listened as Lizette spoke “That tournament you both fought each other in, Lance lost to you, what was really going on anyway?”
He sighed softly recalling what Lizette was talking about fully in mind and spoke “I noticed Lance using the power abilities onto a fighter to win a fight. He used onto me but I blocked him and won the fight as a result. He didn’t use the power abilities this time instead gave it his all focusing this time on his physical strength and karate abilities. I copied him doing it.”
He paused from talking to frown as he heard a faint crying sound in the background along with Lizette speaking in a rush “Sorry have to go Takemura needs to be fed!” 
He heard the dial tone in his ear sighed softly and hung up the phone only to get it ringing again which he adjusted the answering machine’s volume and heard “Dad pick up the phone now.” 
He obeyed recognizing Lance Knight’s voice on the answering machine and spoke “Jinks Montreal speaking yes?”
Jinks heard from Lance Knight “Ugh what’s with the ridiculous name of Jinks Montreal when your birth certificate says it’s Robert Lance Richard?”
He widened his eyes hearing that from Lance Knight felt the Master willed through as if compelled as his son spoke “Don’t deny that to me. My people found your birth certificate at the Zesky hospital through hacking through their computers. Explain this Jinks Montreal name now.” 
He found himself floating above his body to see it change into Lance who he heard spoke “I’ll explain this later but not on the phone for its private.”
Jinks found himself back into his body abruptly while hearing Lance Knight speaking on the phone “Fine we’ll meet again later and I expect you to have a good reason for that birth certificate name change for I’ll ask when we meet in private for it.” 
He heard the dial tone sighed and hung up the phone only to get the thing ringing again which he picked up and heard a computerized voice speaking a request for a charity. Jinks hung up and again heard the phone ringing which he figured he’ll let the answering machine pick up. Jinks rolled his eyes as the familiar Trigan charity was heard which he lowered the volume of the answering machine then felt tiredness hitting him. Jinks darted upstairs as night vision blinked on and off in his eyes which he eyed the time seeing it was sunset. He frown feeling himself tired despite him passed out on the couch for a few days straight which he sighed. He put away the clothes in the dresser drawers along with shoes then clad in his underwear laid his form down onto the bed and shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Brandis writes here “I’m still confused to the name of Jinks Montreal despite hearing a faint roaring sound within the back of my mind that makes me think I got this ability involving Jinks’ called the Master. I’m still clueless to why’s Zerra insisting on me to remember this memories of Jinks Montreal. She insisting I focus onto something else this time so I’ll do that.”

Jinks rode the horse through the forest at night time seeing the path with night vision in his eyes with the Master in control. He felt the horse’s nervousness underneath him urged the horse to run with him guiding it over the path while hearing multiple roaring noises of the dinosaurs hiding all around him. He halted the horse when he saw a large structure loomed in sight seeing a rock wall with a large drawbridge door that had a sign next to it. 
He read the sign “Wolf’s Howl, New York.” 
Jinks sighed seeing that he had arrived to the town. He urged the horse to a slow walk following the structure’s wall that revealed a high overhead metal gated fence humming of electricity. He followed the fence seeing building structures from peering through the fence and paused as his eyes sight saw a hill with an identical like fence surrounding it on his left not surrounded by the town’s fence. He felt curiosity hit him urged the horse to gallop towards the hill’s fence which he saw was a cemetery and recognized it with familiarity hitting him. He reached the fence seeing it was high overhead and too high for the horse to jump over it while hearing humming of electricity followed it till a box on a stand stood a meter from the fence which he spotted a gate in the fence. He dismounted with a hand on the reins and went to the box which he opened its door to see a large metal switch in it. He pulled it down and heard the gate’s humming stop while sensing the electricity had ceased. He turned the horse around and released the reins and slapped the gonoid on the rump causing it to take off running into the forest out of sight hearing it whinnying in terror before hearing a roaring noise loudly which he grimaced from that figuring out that a dinosaur had targeted the gonoid. He went to the gate sliding it open and closed it behind him while spotting an identical box on a stand a meter away with a worn grass path next to it. He went to the box and opened it pulling up the switch. He again heard the sound of electricity humming through the fence. Sighing he walked among rows of tombstones looking worn from the weather’s elements looking at the gravestones’ names eyes searching. His feet led him to a row which he entered and walked among the graves eyes aimed at the tombstones till his eyes settled on two separated from the row by the contents facing another direction. 
He walked around the gravestones till he saw the names of the two which he read “Roosevelt Knight, Janel Knight.”
Jinks sighed of relief hitting him and walked to kneel in front of the tombstone less than an arm length away that said “Janel Knight.” 
He smiled a small smile and spoke out loud “I have come like I said I would and I won’t leave you again.” 
He reached a hand to touch the stone jutting up from the ground in a round arch to feel the carved words on it. He sighed again as a memory of Janel looking grandmother aged flashed in his mind. He shut his eyes allowing the memory to come through him.

Jinks remembered walking into a building in New York City around night time taking an elevator while feeling urged to hurry. 
Jinks pressed a button that said “Penthouse.”
He stood in the elevator brimming with impatience while wearing a business suit and a hat covering his head and sunglasses covering his eyes. The elevator reached its floor showing a hallway with a checkered floor. He heard crying sounds in the distance allowed him to follow it to an open a bit doorway. Jinks peered through to see multiple people gathered inside a room that appeared to be a sitting room from the looks of it along with noticing some had their backs to the doorway. He could hear the crying becoming louder from inside the room. Jinks felt his feet lead him away from the door to down the hallway to a door at the end that was ajar as if compelled. He peered inside putting away his sunglasses to see a massive bed with a canopy in the room and froze seeing a female figure lying inside on the bed with white hair. He sighed as the female opened her eyes as if detecting him aimed at the doorway staring at him watching. He gently opened the door wider and walked inside shutting it behind him. 
He heard from the female in bed a raspy feminine voice speaking “Jinks Montreal, you came like you promised you would.” 
He sigh recognizing Janel’s voice despite the raspy tone and went to the bed to sit on it taking her old gnarled wrinkled hand in his grip. 
He stared at Janel who smiled a weak smile at him then she spoke “I told the others to come back when the sun rises. I didn’t want them to know of you visiting me.” 
He nodded his head towards Janel who again spoke “A pity that death can’t touch you, Jinks. Oh well. At least I’ll be with Roo again. What a reunion it’ll be when I see him.”
Jinks sighed again softly as Janel gripped his hand and then she spoke “I have told the others to bury me where Roo is buried. Will you visit my grave from time to time remembering me?”
He spoke “Yes I will. I will come to visit and will be sure to remember you.” 
He frowned as Janel gave off a raspy cough sound then she spoke “Jinks, remember me will you?”
He nodded his head as Janel closed her eyes and he heard her breathing become lesser and lesser followed by her breathing cut off which he felt Janel’s body gave up its life to death. Jinks raised Janel’s hand to his lips giving it a quick kiss then got up from the bed putting on his sunglasses. He left the room quietly walking pass the doorway where crying sounds were heard and went to the elevator taking it down to the lobby floor where he walked out of the building into the night. 

Jinks blinked his eyes of the memory flashing in his mind. He opened his eyes to stare at Janel’s gravestone and gave it a rub with his hand in a care gesture. Jinks adjusted his position to lie down on his back eyes staring at the moonlight sky while taking off his leather gonoid skin hat off his head onto his chest while continuing to hear faint roaring noises of dinosaurs sounding loudly and faintly. He pulled off the pair of sunglasses still looking in good condition off his leather gonoid skin like top and placed them over his eyes while willing away the Master. He sigh eyes staring at the stars as a memory of himself wearing his leather gonoid skin clothing living homeless off the streets of New York City flashed in his mind. He had lived there for uncounted number of time struggling to find a way to Wolf’s Howl a town that over too many leagues away from New York City till one morning he out of desperation came upon a police man walking his horse on deserted street. He snuck behind the police man mentally telling him to sleep which the man collapsed onto the ground and he grabbed the reins getting onto the horse and galloped it out of the city in the direction where Wolf’s Howl town lay. It had taken him all day of riding the horse till he came upon an inn with a stable and found a stable hand sleeping in a stall with a horse appearing to be set for riding. He switched horses quietly and used the fresh horse to take him away. It had taken him many days with the horse to get to Wolf’s Howl using the items on the horse to survive till he reached the town at night while having the Master in control to outwit dinosaurs that were appearing to target his horse as he road it. He recalled the horse stopping abruptly while he was riding to see a tyrannosaurus dinosaur came out of the bushes in front of him and acted threatening towards him along with giving chase when he rode the horse away. He frowned recalling that he had to get the horse into a river due to knowledge that the dinosaur wouldn’t go in and swim. Jinks had the horse swim the river’s length reaching the other side then rode it towards where he wanted to go. Jinks continued to recall sensing the dinosaurs following but keeping their distance from him along with hiding from him as he rode the horse towards Wolf’s Howl. He sigh hearing an eerie roar sounding from his left recalled coming upon a group of raptor dinosaurs who howled the sound. His horse in fear ran with him clinging to the saddle and the gonoids were sensed giving chase till the horse jumped over a stone wall falling onto a river bank and went into the roaring river swimming with him on it which outwitted the dinosaurs who gave up chase.  Jinks sigh and shut his eyes falling asleep. He woke up sensing daylight shining opened his eyes to see the sun was peeking a little above the horizon while hearing silence from the forest to sense that the dinosaurs has gone to sleep at the time of day. He sat up putting his hat on his head and did some limber stretches before swinging himself up by a karate move.  He walked to the gate and shut off the electricity from the box then opened the gate sliding it shut behind him. He went to the box and turned back on the electricity then walked towards the town’s entrance. Jinks could see the drawbridge was down with people wandering out and some of them were standing around chatting with each other. He walked by them hearing their chats become silent seeing him walking by. He entered the town wandering among the buildings reading the signs displayed outside them while noticed by town’s folk. 
Jinks saw a building that said “Library.”
He wandered inside looking around to spot it was similar to Wethersfield’s town library complete with flat screened computers in one section and bookcases filled with books in another section with a series of tables scattered around with arm chairs around the tables. He sighed and spotted a case holding the newspapers and went to it. 
He took out a newspaper he saw said “King’s Times.” 
Sighing softly he went to a table hidden from view behind a bookcase in a corner he found and sat reading the paper. The newspaper detailed new laws by the King and a government group including laws that were struck down by either one. 
He continued to read an article said to be the King’s words as if the King himself wrote it like an editorial talking “Times are times being hard due to technology troubles and troubles with the weather hitting the U.S.  There’s something about the past Ancient Earth history about how the U.S. regrouped after arriving to Shadan.”  
 Jinks frowned reading the newspaper reading its entire contents. He sigh once done and went to the newspaper case putting it away then went to the computers examining one he saw needed library card for access. Sighing he wandered out of the library walking among the town exploring its contents visiting buildings that seemed to accept the public till the sun became low in the sky and he walked out of the town through the drawbridge entrance noticed by people standing around watching him. He went to the cemetery and let himself inside putting on the electricity after getting inside and walked to Janel’s grave to kneel eyes staring at her tombstone. He gently reached out a hand and gave the tombstone a rub of caring as the sun disappeared from the sky going pass the horizon. He lied on his back taking off his hat and sunglasses to stare at the sky as he again heard the dinosaur noises loudly. Jinks flinched from a glare of a flashlight abruptly shining in his face and yanked the sunglasses on to sit up glaring at the intruder he saw was a male wearing some police uniform. 
He frowned as the male spoke “Oh good that I’m not alone in here. I got to the town too late to see the drawbridge up and had to take shelter in here. I dislike being alone in graveyards. The place gives me the creeps.” 
Jinks rolled his eyes feeling annoyance hitting him as he again lied on his back and placed his hat on his chest to stare at the sky. He sensed the male had stopped shining his flashlight on him and was walking towards him. Jinks kept his mouth shut as the police man sat down next to him on Roosevelt’s grave without a word. He shut his eyes allowing himself to sleep and ignored the man who continued to chatter talk he heard partly about graveyards scaring him since he was a kid.  Jinks fell asleep dreaming of memories with Janel flashing in his mind’s eye. He woke up sensing daylight to hear a loud snoring sound besides him. 
He sat up to look at the police man who had tan skin and long hair which was pulled back in a braid judging by the looks of it from the man’s lying position on his back.
Jinks saw had a name plate that said “Stonehawk”.          
Jinks exhaled a breath and got up walking away. He heard a shout of surprise behind him and kept walking figuring that the police man had waken up. He went to the fence and undid the electricity and walked out to the town going through the drawbridge entrance noticed by people staring at him he again ignored. He walked to the town’s library and again got the newspaper with a different date on it in the newspapers’ case and went to a corner to sit at a table reading it. His stomach growled its hunger but he ignored the sensation to continue reading the newspaper and heard a throat clearing noise sounding nearby him. 
Jinks ignored the noise and heard a male voice whispering “Stranger, don’t you have a name sir?”
He lowered the paper to see the librarian wearing military combat clothing and tan skin with hair in a crew cut and intense blue eyes that stared at him creeping him out. 
Jinks exhaled a breath and spoke whispering “The name’s Demeter.”
He again raised his paper to continue read and heard the librarian again speak “The name’s Cougar Longbow. Welcome to Wolf’s Howl. Feel free to ask for anything around here and people will see that you get it.” 
He kept his mouth shut and continued to read the paper hearing silence from the librarian and peered over it to see that Cougar had walked out of sight. He read the paper reading its entire contents and then got up putting it back in the newspapers’ case. 
His eye fell on a newspaper that said “Master’s Herald.”
Jinks felt curiosity hitting him picked up the newspaper and carried it back to the table where he sat and began reading it. He discovered the newspaper focused on the belief of believing Lance Richard as the Master. 
He continued to read the newspaper mention in it talking “There’s an unidentified man who’s facial appearance was looking alike to Lance Richard being pegged as the next Master. He had disappeared some time ago saying the man had gone into hiding. The male being scared off by religious fanatics who saw him as their deity Lord.” 
Jinks paused from reading to grimace feeling annoyance running through him. He recalled to himself the reason why he was in Wolf’s Howl in hiding. 
It was what the newspaper had said “Religious fanatics who saw me as their Master and tried to worship me as a deity Lord.” 
Jinks shook his head and continued to read the newspaper which detailed “Attempts to find the man have resulted in few clues with searchers believers of the Master secretly seeking the man in hiding in an attempt to find him. It’s to help him cope with the religious fanatics.” 
Jinks paused from reading to thought to he “Yeah right. Their not helping me with that by them making things worse getting those fanatics aware of my location and then they’ll come and worship me like some prize object which my freedom and privacy will be restricted by them watching my every move.”
He grimaced giving his head a shake then continued to read the newspaper. Jinks read detailed information about what the Master would want believers to do which mentioned living life according to following the land’s laws and helping people with their problems whether their believers or not and passing along the belief to believer’s children. 
Jinks sigh pausing from reading thinking to himself “Just once can’t someone do something about the fanatics to get them stopped obsessed with the Master and let me have a life?”
He again grimaced and continued to read the newspaper which he found an article detailed information about search efforts to find Lance Richard’s look alike with a report of them focusing in New York City reports of people homeless and not homeless mysteriously hit with sleepiness when in presence of a man. 
The article he read continued to mention “People have from mind scans by Highlanders reported encountering a man matching Lance Richard’s facial appearance description wearing different types of clothing with the last sighting. 
They were saying ‘He was wearing clothing that appeared to be leather gonoid skins and haven’t seen him since.’ 
Jinks groaned softly as he recalled mentally putting people to sleep whenever he encountered them “They saying ‘We confronting him on his face being twin to Lance Richard along with stealing items from the people he put to sleep such as money to buy food and an exchange of clothing.’” 
He recalled stealing items from the people that looked expensive and had pawned them off in pawn shops littered around in the city using the money for food and clothing. Jinks would exchange putting his old clothes folded on a sidewalk and leaving it there. He remembered stealing a pair of sunglasses from an outside booth distracting the seller by pushing some people into it to make a mess. Jinks had always worn them as a disguise for hiding while in New York City. Jinks recalled to himself that he came upon a dead homeless male bum in a bad part of the city and had exchanged clothes putting on his current clothes on and putting his old ones on the dead bum and taking the bum’s hat. Jinks went around the city wearing it unnoticed by people who didn’t seem to know that it was Jinks himself. Jinks frowned as he recalled getting feelings of being filmed by hidden camera while walking on a crowded sidewalk while in the city one day. The feeling freaked him out to disappear into an alley way getting rid of the feeling and coming upon a police officer walking his horse that he put to sleep and stole the horse riding it out of the city. 
Jinks shook his head and continued to read the article that stated “There were attempts by people to contact the man who in response put them to sleep using some mental power. The people have woken up with items on them gone such as money and their jewelry tracked in pawn shops littered around the city. Owners there reported seeing the man come in with those items and getting money for them. There was a report by Highlanders who sighted the man and tracked him till he disappeared into an alley way where they found a police horseman lying asleep on the ground and figured that the man had left the city by stealing the police man’s horse and could have gone anywhere.” 
Jinks sigh reading the article and once done with the newspaper went to the newspapers’ case and put it away. He walked out of the library aimlessly wandering around and came upon the towns green to sit on bench staring at the grass breathing the cool air deeply. He sat with arms folded and sensed people watching him. Jinks lifted his eyes to spot four people teenagers wearing gonoid skin clothes with long black hair and tan skins nearby two staring at him fully with their faces looking in his direction with blue eyes aimed at him while the other two appeared to hide it judging by their faces looking in another direction. Jinks grimaced inwardly remembering his time with four middle school students while living in an apartment condo in another state. He saw the sun become low in the sky walked to the drawbridge entrance while sensing himself being followed which his senses told him were the teenagers. He reached the drawbridge and walked out of the town ignoring people’s chatter becoming silent seeing him. He continued to walk till he reached the graveyard and went inside then turned on the electricity by the box switch. He walked to Janel’s grave to sit leaning his back on the gravestone eyes staring at the sky showing the colors of the sunset. 
He sighed and spoke out loud “Janel, wish you were here with me. I could use your comfort and your touch to assure me that everything will be alright.”
Jinks paused then continued as the sun disappeared below the horizon “I don’t know where to go besides here to hide from the religious fanatics who seem to see me as a prize object. I don’t know who to trust to keep me away from them and let me have a life as I please to do with it my way.” 
He paused to adjust his position till his back was on the ground and then added while yanking off his hat putting it on his chest “Sometimes I wish life was the way it was when you and Roosevelt were alive. Me living anonymously doing what I wanted without having people spying on me giving me no freedom and no privacy and people treating me as something worth worshipping. Ugh it’s not what I had in mind with my life hence me here with you in hiding.”
He felt sadness hitting him hard followed by his eyes watering tears which he didn’t resist to the emotion allowed it through to cry softly. He cried as tears spilled from his eyes falling down his cheeks and he rolled over onto his side curling into a ball with hands touching his face yanking off the sunglasses to wail a loud cry of anguish then became silent. Jinks cried to he as he felt sleepiness hit him hard placed the sunglasses over his eyes and shut them willing himself to sleep. He dreamed of himself walking on a beach wearing clothing that felt odd like to the touch and comfortable to his skin. He paused from walking to stare at the water and felt a hand on his arm to look at his left to see a man he recognized as Lance Richard with the crown on his head and clothing he saw looked familiar like who had a frown in his face and eyes. Jinks sighed as Lance pulled him towards him which he didn’t resist and allowed the man to hug him which he burst into tears weeping very hard sobbing. 
Jinks weep out “Why oh why?”
He heard nothing from Lance but felt he soothed by the man’s hands on his back and on the back of his head hugging him tighter. He cried more tears till they stopped coming and felt Lance gently rubbing his back with a hand on it. Jinks placed his hands on Lance’s sides gripping the man’s clothing in a tight grip as he felt the tears stopped. 
He groaned out “I can’t stand not having privacy and freedom to do what I want without people spying on me and some of those people are religious fanatics who see me as their religious deity Lord the Master to worship me as that. I couldn’t take it anymore went into hiding. I didn’t know who to trust or where to go so I went to where I could be safe which is with her.” 
Jinks paused from talking as Lance continued to rub his back which he placed his chin on the man’s shoulder letting go of Lance’s clothing. 
He continued speaking “With her is the only place I could be safe and live anonymously as myself without religious fanatics bothering me. She brought joy to my life and I miss her terribly that I sleep on her grave braving the elements of nature. I miss my life with her when she was alive. I’m upset that death seemingly can’t touch me like it has touched her.” 
Jinks paused from talking to feel Lance’s arms stop holding him and felt the man gently push him away which he looked to see a frown on the man’s face and eyes. 
He spoke “Lance.” 
Lance to his annoyance interrupted putting a finger to his lips quieting him and saw a hint of a smile in the man’s eyes and face as the finger went down. Jinks frowned forming a questioningly look on his face while staring at Lance who placed a hand on his cheek gently patting the area then felt the man’s hand touch his forehead followed by him forcing his eyes closed as the scene went black. 

Jinks woke up with a start seeing that the sky was still dark with stars in it slowly winking out as it became lighter of the sunrise as the dinosaurs’ roaring noises ceased. He slowly sat up rubbing a hand on his forehead feeling himself tired and exhausted from his crying bout along with hunger pains he felt within him that couldn’t be ignored. Sighing he adjusted his position to lean against Janel’s gravestone eyes staring at the sky watching the sun slowly rise from the horizon shining rays of light. He grabbed his hat putting it on his head and stretched his limber exercises then awkwardly got up from the ground feeling tiredness running through him. He walked to the town’s entrance walking pass people standing around whom went silent seeing him. He entered the town walking to the library to the newspapers’ case which he grabbed a newspaper out of random and took it to his regular table in the corner and began to aimlessly reading it not registering the words in his mind. He heard a throat clearing noise sounding very loudly followed by the table jerking as if someone bumped into it. 
Jinks lowered the newspaper to see Cougar the librarian standing across from him who spoke “There’s a soup kitchen in the town hall building. See about getting a meal from there. Perhaps they can get you a bed in town.” 
Jinks nodded his head at Cougar’s words as the man again spoke “I just hope whatever is paining you to be in your situation becomes resolved. I don’t like seeing people hurt from bad situations and allowing it to overtake their life.”
He again nodded his head as Cougar formed a frown on his face before walking away. Jinks felt hunger pains hitting him hard sighed and folded up the newspaper which he got up walking to the newspapers’ case and put it away. 
He walked out of the library as a man bumped into him who sputtered “I’m sorry about that.”                      
He saw the man was bald with a brown haired beard and mustache and saw the man’s clothing were a brown vest with a white short sleeve long tunic underneath it along with blue long sleeves and the man had on black leggings like tights with brown boots who stared at him with intense probing look with his brown eyes. Jinks felt something familiar with the man shrugged and walked away going to the town hall building. He went inside looking around at the reception area and saw a female staring at him intensively that bothered him. 
Jinks frowned and turned to go and heard a female voice speaking “The soup kitchen entrance is at the back of the building with stairs going down to the basement.”
He waved a hand and then walked out of the building going around it to spot an open door with a sign on it. 
He reached the door and stiffened as he read the sign which said “Montreal soup kitchen.” 
Jinks frowned at the word Montreal went inside walking down the stairs to reach a door which his nose smelled food and his mouth watered as he opened the door and walked inside to see a large room with series of tables and chairs scattered around it. He saw at one end of the room on his right was an open end kitchen where two tan skinned men wearing cook uniforms were busy at stoves appearing to be in the middle of cooking. He saw one of them look in his direction and frowned watching as the cook grabbed a tray and began loading up dishes filled with food and a cup of liquid along with silverware The man placed on the kitchen island and gestured with a hand towards him. Jinks felt his hunger take control went to the tray picking it up and carried it to a table which he sat down placing the tray on the table. He eyed the food that smelled good to him which he grabbed the fork and knife and began eating the food which he ate in a fast motion gobbling it up till there was nothing left and gulped down the cup’s contents till there wasn’t a drop left. Jinks sighed leaning back in the chair hands on his lap feeling his hunger gone from him. Jinks saw out of the corners of his eyes a familiar figure walk in his line of sight which he recognized as the bald man who bumped into him at the library going to his table to sit at a chair staring at him. Jinks felt the bald man’s eyes staring at him with an intense probing stare that bothered him. 
He stared back at the bald man who spoke “You’re Jinks Montreal.” 
Jinks stiffened at the bald man’s words that sounded like a statement of fact and not a question. 
Jinks spoke narrowing his eyes aimed at the man “The name’s Demeter. I don’t know who you’re talking about.” 
He stared at the bald man who shrugged and spoke “The name’s Steven Brown. As for the name of Demeter it’s the name of your cat who passed away years ago which you have been heard calling yourself that from people in New York City.” 
Jinks felt annoyance hitting him which he again spoke allowing anger to take control “I don’t know of a cat named Demeter. It’s just a name I’ve taken a liking to and have been calling myself that.”
Jinks felt anger arriving within him to cause him to glare at Steven who again shrugged and spoke “Only Jinks Montreal would sleep on a grave belonging to a girl he had in his life in some cemetery said to be haunted spoken around by the town’s folk.” 
He felt his anger take control angrily got up from the chair and walked away going out of the building up the stairs. He sensed Steven had followed him outside and he went to a bench to sit and felt the man sitting next to him to his annoyance. 
He heard Steven speak “Put your faith in Lance, Jinks.” 
Jinks snarled an angry gonoid like sound and got up from the bench storming towards the drawbridge entrance as he heard the Master inside him roaring its noises. He felt a hand grab his arm in a tight grip which he angrily yanked his arm out of to face Steven who had a frown on his face. 
Jinks pointed a finger at Steven and spoke “Leave me alone. Go back to where you come from and forget about me.” 
He lowered his hand as Steven spoke “You have forgotten yourself, Jinks.”
He walked away and again felt his arm grabbed in an ironclad grip which he angrily allowed the Master to take control grabbed the hand with his hand and yanked the hand off his arm twisting Steven’s arm till it was behind the man in a tight grip. 
He spoke in the Master’s voice “I said leave me alone and stop intruding on my privacy and freedom. Go back to where you came from and forget me. I’m sick and tired of your behavior towards me.” 
He heard Steven speak with pain in his voice “I would if I could, Jinks.” 
He angrily raised Steven’s arm till he heard the man groan in pain before groaning out “There are others who don’t view you the way you’re thinking of. Allow them to help you like I will.” 
Jinks snarled some gonoid like sound and growled out “Leave me alone, Steven.” 
He raised a knee hitting it on Steven’s back who groaned loudly before pushing the man away from him who fell to his knees. He angrily walked around Steven till he was in front of the man and raised his fist aimed at the man’s face that had pain in his eyes. 
Jinks heard a sound of a whistle blowing coming from behind him followed by Stonehawk’s familiar voice speaking “Enough! Break it up now stranger!”
He again aimed his fist towards Steven as he again heard Stonehawk’s voice sounding closer coming towards him “Stranger! You heard me!”
Jinks heard Steven speak “Come with me please.” 
He angrily brought his fist into Steven’s face connecting with the man’s forehead and felt a body ramming into him from behind knocking him to the ground followed by steel felt on his head.
He heard Stonehawk’s voice with irritation in the voice speaking “Put your hands behind your back now! You’re spending a night in the brig for that! Behavior like it isn’t tolerated around here!”
He obeyed putting his hands on his back and felt steel clipping onto his wrists followed by a hand pulling him up to a standing position. He heard voices chattering coming closer as he saw towns’ people walking towards his position. 
Jinks formed a frown on his lips as Stonehawk yelled “Get a medic to attend Steven will you?!”
He saw towns’ people breaking into a run going past him as Stonehawk pulled him away going to a building with steps on it which he recognized as the police station. He willed the Master away feeling himself fuming from his behavior towards Steven as Stonehawk hauled him inside the building where he saw an area of desks scattered around with computers on them. 
He saw a white haired cop with tan skin and brown eyes come out of a doorway in the wall towards Stonehawk who loudly spoke “I caught this guy punching out the new guy Steven Brown in the face. I aim to book him for a night in jail.”
Jinks saw the white haired cop nod his head whose name plate read “Walker.”
He stared at Walker who walked forwards hands aiming towards his face which he jerked from the man taking off his hat and sunglasses off of him. 
Jinks saw recognition form on Walker’s eyes and face who spoke loudly “I know this man.”
He felt annoyance hitting him as Walker spoke “It’s the missing guy from the photo who Steven Brown showed me said that he was a bounty hunter hired from some family who have been seeking him for awhile.” 
Jinks formed a glare on his face as Walker added “There must have been something bad going on with this guy’s family hence he punching Steven and resisting the bounty hunter’s attempts to go with him quietly.”
He heard Stonehawk speak “You want me to book him or not?”
He glared at Walker with his blue eyes narrowed as Walker spoke “Do it. A night in jail should cool this guy’s temper enough to listen to the bounty hunter’s reasons for seeking him.” 
Jinks felt Stonehawk haul him through the desk area to a door way which he saw was stairs leading up and down in both directions. He felt the man pull him down the stairs to a door which Stonehawk kicked open with a foot and he found himself in a hallway with a series of gated barred doors on both sides. He felt himself pausing as Stonehawk waved a hand in his line of sight at a console on the door which opened with a creak sound. He felt the handcuffs off of his wrists and he thrust inside the room and heard the door slam behind him. Jinks eyed the some what small rectangular room illuminated by a round overhead light shining above him while sensing a camera recording his every move that was stone cement all around with a high barred window high above his head on the wall facing him. He saw below the window was a toilet with a sink next to it and besides it was a metal bed with a mattress and a pillow on it along with a blanket. He felt sleepiness hit him hard yawned loudly to go to the bed pulling the blanket up and got on the bed lying on his side pulling the blanket over his head shutting his eyes falling asleep. He dreamed of ocean water showing two flower plants in the color black rising from the ocean unfurling their petals. 
He heard two feminine voices speaking in different tones “I’m Erra, I’m Terra.” 
The female voices continued speaking different sentences “Lance Richard has made believers aware of their fanatical behavior towards you that is driving you away from them. He has informed them that the behavior isn’t tolerated by he and you along with several others who are powerful as Lance agreeing with his words.  Lance has made it clear that fanatical behavior towards you wasn’t being tolerated hence you in hiding and seeking relief from it.”
Jinks frowned hearing the female plants’ words as they added each again speaking a sentence “Lance has asked us to tell you that you should be putting your problems in him to solve and not keeping them to yourself or solving them that way. He feels that you have forgotten that he is powerful enough to influence people and help them with their problems like the caring leader he is. He has said that when you have trouble you should turn to him for help with the problem and he’ll help you for he is being there for you to help solve your problem.”
The dream went black followed by he standing on a beach wearing clothing that felt familiar to his body. He stood staring at the water as he felt a hand on his arm and looked at his left to see Steven with a frown on his face. 
He stared at Steven who spoke “I arrived in the area nearby town closest to Wolf’s Howl several days ago from Connecticut seeking you. I went around trying to find you and felt like I was getting no where so I asked Lance for help. He gave me a dream one night of the town of Wolf’s Howl and you dressed in gonoid skin clothing while appearing to be crying in some graveyard in front of a gravestone with Janel Knight’s name on it. I was there at this beach with several others who I’m not sure who they are when he comforted you as you complained about your life.”
Jinks frowned hearing Steven’s words as the man paused then continued to speak “I’m sorry that you’re in pain, Jinks. I just wish there was some way I could help you with your suffering.”
He lowered his eyes to stare at the water turning his head away as he felt Steven’s hand gently rub his arm with a pat and again looked up to discover Steven gone. He sigh eyes staring at the water feeling peacefulness arriving within him. He felt a hand touch his arm looked to see a female with facial appearance of Janel but her eyes were brown while wearing a white dress. He stared at her seeing recognition in her eyes and a frown on her face as she wordlessly walked till she was in front of him and gave him a hug. He wrapped his arms around her feeling her hands rub his back in a gentle motion. He sighed loudly from hugging her as she pulled herself a bit backwards to stare at him in the face. Jinks stared at her as she gently brought a hand to his cheek gently rubbing which he pushed his face into her hand and felt her other hand going to his forehead followed by it forcing his eyes closed as the dream went black. 

Jinks came to with his eyes closed to feel himself lying in the bed in the cell with blanket over his head. He kept his eyes closed and adjusted his position till he was lying on his stomach and dreamed of himself lying on a bed grander than the cell bed with eyes shut appearing to be peacefully dreaming with his back on it. He saw a female with blond hair lying on her side with her head on his chest looking peaceful judging by her expression on her face with a hand touching his cheek and his arms were around her. The view changed to show he sitting in a rocking chair holding a blanketed bundle in his arms appearing to be a baby with a happy look on his face eyes staring at the bundle as the blond woman arrived into view. The woman he saw lifted the bundle from him as he got up from the rocking chair and the woman sat in it adjusting her top baring one of her breasts and put part of the bundle towards the bared breast as he leaned over watching with a hand on her shoulder. The dream went black as Jinks came to feel a hand on his shoulder gently shaking him awake. He opened his eyes and rolled over on his side as the hand stopped touching him to look at Steven who had an upset look in his eyes and face. 
Steven spoke “Are you alright, Jinks?”
He sat up and spoke “I don’t know.”
He heard a throat clearing noise looked to see Walker standing at the door with seriousness on his face. 
Walker spoke as he held up Jinks’ hat and sunglasses “I believe you’ll need this, Jinks Montreal.”
Jinks shot Steven a confused look as the man noticing his look spoke “Chief Walker recognized you despite you having a disguise on. He was sort of defensive when I came to the station asking about you as a missing person I was seeking. Walker made it clear to me that you were in pain and was suffering from something he thinks involves the passing of Janel Knight. The anniversary of her death was the day people first saw you in Wolf’s Howl.”
He frowned as he got up from the bed and walked to Walker who handed him the hat and sunglasses which he put on and wordlessly followed the Chief up the stairs to a doorway entering it to see Stonehawk at a desk typing on the computer who looked up with recognition in his eyes seeing him. 
Jinks paused from walking as he heard Walker speak “Stonehawk is the horses ready for travel?”
He looked at Walker as he heard Stonehawk speak “Yes their tied up outside to the bike rack.” 
Jinks stared at Walker who looked at him and spoke “Good luck, stranger. I hope things work out. There’s always a place here for you if you need it.” 
He nodded his head and wordlessly followed Steven out of the police station seeing the light of sunrise in the sky and going around a corner and paused seeing two brown horses geared for riding tied up to the bike rack next to the building that neighed seeing him. He frowned hearing the sound for it sounded like happiness and saw the happy look in the horses’ eyes. Sighing he went to a horse as Steven went to the other one. He pulled up the reins untying them from the bike rack and got up on the horse adjusting the reins in his hand. He eyed Steven who did the same and followed the man on horseback to the drawbridge entrance. Together they broke into a horse gallop running through the forest following a path sensing dinosaurs hiding but not interested in the both of them or their horses. He followed Steven riding till sunset as he heard plane engines overhead and looked up to spot a plane looking small sized but on the large size flying low in the sky going down disappearing below the tree tops. He slowed the horse for a walk as Steven did the same and followed the man on horse back through a series of bushes and halted the horse seeing a small airfield with a somewhat large plane on it and several large buildings in sight peeking thought the forest of trees. He exhaled a breath following Steven going across the air field towards a building which he saw was a horse stable while hearing horses neighing sounds coming from it. He reaching the building saw a male come out wearing a plaid shirt and overalls stand waiting with arms folded. 
The male spoke with an accent “Steven Brown. I see yah got what yah came for. Perfect timing that the plane arrived as yah did. So give moi the horses and moi will take care of them.” 
Jinks saw Steven dismounted which he copied and guided the horse to the male who took the reins of both horses and walked away going into the stable. He followed Steven to the plane which its door opened followed by the stairs extending down to touch the ground. He saw a Highlander appear in view wearing army clothing who stood with arms folded as he and Steven went up the stairs. Inside Jinks saw rows of seats of two on both sides of him with an aisle between them and saw a female sitting in one of the seats next to a window wearing sunglasses on her face with brown wavy hair. He followed Steven into the plane and heard the plane door shut and eyed the female who slowly with a hand took off her sunglasses and he stiffened seeing her face. He saw that her face appeared to look like Janel but she had brown eyes and he recognized her as the woman from his dream that looked at him with a range of emotions in her face and eyes. 
He saw Steven went to sit at a seat as the woman spoke in a voice with familiarity in it “Jinks, would you mind sitting next to me? There’s quite a lot to talk about.”
Jinks sighed and went to the aisle seat next to her sitting next to the window and he sat down next to her and buckled himself in while sensing the plane move taking off on the runway going into the air. 
Jinks heard the woman again speak “Sorry for going through this trouble to find you but it was important.” 
He looked at the woman staring at him who added “The name’s Jinnee descendant of Janel whose line is from her daughter Lizette.”
He sighed softly as Jinnee continued to speak “Lance Richard in a dream told me to get the plane at this time in this area. He said that what I’ve been seeking would be there. I admit I’ve been seeking you for a long time with no success of a face to face meeting till now.”                    
He continued to stare at Jinnee who paused and reached with a hand and gripped his left hand in a gentle grip squeezing it gently. 
Jinks sighed again loudly as Jinnee spoke “My family never got to properly thank you for granting Janel’s last wish of honoring her with your presence on her deathbed before Janel herself passed away. I thank you for that, Jinks.”
He saw a small smile appear in her face smiled in return as she reached with her other hand and touched his cheek gently rubbing which the touch sooth him. Jinks felt Jinnee’s hand move to his forehead gently rubbing and he felt his senses blare as he felt sleepiness arrive within him. He blinked his eyes and droop his head bowing it shutting his eyes allowing sleep to hit him unconscious. 

Jinks woke up wearing a hospital gown with his hat and sunglasses gone from him while hearing thunder rumbling loudly. Jinks wound up to find he lying on a bed with blankets up to his chest in a room with round windows and he felt a tipping feeling that told him he was on a boat. He opened his eyes to see his eyes sight flash from night vision to daylight vision as lightening flashed outside followed by thunder rumbling loudly. He felt a purring vibration next to his right leg sat up to look and saw a cat tummy sitting with eyes unblinking staring at him with a serious look in them. Jinks reached with his hands and gently picked up the cat who didn’t protest to being handled and he cradled the gonoid to his chest by his arms around it. He sigh feeling the cat giving off purring and rumbling vibrations within it that made him snuggle the gonoid tighter in his arms. 
He spoke out loud “Demeter, I miss you and you’re purring along with your silky fur soft to the touch. I miss sleeping in bed with you on my chest giving off your purring vibrations lulling me to sleep.”
He paused as the cat fidgeted in his arms which he adjusted his hold still holding it. 
Jinks again spoke out loud “Demeter, what I miss most of all is your friendship and you being there for me whenever I needed you. I miss having you in my life supporting me with your unconditional love and never judging me for who and what I am.”
He felt sadness hitting him hard allowed the tears to flow as he slowly rocked his form still holding the cat who gave off as soft mew sound and felt a paw touch his cheek gently stroking. Jinks cried as the tears flowed from his eyes sobbing soft sounds of anguish hitting him hard. He cried and cried while feeling a dam inside him burst till the tears stopped flowing and then night vision became dominant in his eyes sight as he sensed the storm outside had stopped. He got up from the bed arms still around the cat as he walked to the window to stare at the ocean water moving outside below his view of peering out the window. He sighed feeling the cat fidget again and went to the bed placed the gonoid on it releasing it from his arms then again went to the window putting hands on the window pane. He stared out the window at the vast moving ocean far in his eye sight and continued to watch it as the stars in the night sky began to wink out as it became lighter from the sun of sunrise. He leaned his head against the window pane like in a trance still staring at the scene outside and heard a yowl sound from behind him as the sun peeked over the horizon and heard a door opening sound from behind him. Jinks continued to stare out the window as he heard a throat clearing noise and numbly didn’t acknowledge the sound. He shut his eyes weariness hitting him as he felt a hand touch his shoulder shaking it gently. Jinks opened his eyes and moved he from the window to face the hand’s owner who he saw was an apparent older man with short white hair wearing black clothing with a white rugby like collar around his neck. 
He stared at the man who spoke in an accent that reminded him of his time with Jacinda while living a medieval life as Lance himself “Jinks Montreal never thought I would meet you again after all these years. You seem to be deathless and ageless like I am judging by the looks of you still the same as your last visit here too many years ago.” 
He stared at the man with confusion in his face as the man continued “I’m afraid we never got to be properly introduced last time you were here. The name’s Alexei Zesky, head of the Zesky Hospital and the Zeskaya ship the hospital is residence in.”
Jinks frowned staring at Alexei as the man continued “Its seems that you have the deathless part of the Zeskaya race like I have judging by you still alive and appearing ageless with no change to your appearance since your last visit here.” 
He sighed softly as Alexei paused then continued to speak “The Zeskaya since your last visit have been informed of you and its they who are secretly watching you in their hidden forms with the help of others trying to keep you out of harms way. Isn’t that right, Leader?”
Jinks saw Alexei turn his head to look in another direction which he did the same and saw a figure appear from an apparent hidden invisibly state appearing to have a male form with scaly skin with Human like hands and a barrel shaped head that his instincts told him was a head cover mask. He stared at the figure he figured was a Zeskaya who with Human hands reached to the back of the head and yanked off the head cover mask showing a Human like face identical to Alexei with long white hair pulled back and Human golden eyes that appeared narrowed aimed at him with a serious look in them.  He stared at the Zeskaya who spoke in an identical accent as Alexei’s “Yes, Alexei, my comrades have kept an eye on him in their hidden forms without him being aware of us. I’m surprised that he appeared to not detect my people despite him displaying some usual abilities not seen in the Zeskaya since we first came to exist. Those abilities he displayed are interesting.” 
He frowned as Alexei spoke “Yes it’s interesting. I wonder if his hybrid status had a part in him not detecting the Zeskaya. He’s also part Highlander with no mind walking ability displayed and Human as well.” 
Jinks formed a frown on his face eyes shifting back and forth from Alexei to the Zeskaya who both nodded their heads with some look of agreement on their faces with their eyes narrowed staring at each other. 
Jinks cleared his throat loudly as both males looked at him and he spoke “How long have the Zeskaya been watching me?”
He stared at Alexei who frowned visibly to stare at the Zeskaya who spoke “Long enough.” 
He felt confusion hitting him formed it on his face while staring at the Zeskaya whose eyes shift to Alexei with a glare in them. 
He heard Alexei speak “The Zeskaya, don’t follow calendars Human or alien alike so time has no meaning to them except existing to live as long as they live forever.” 
Jinks groaned softly as he shifted his eyes towards Alexei who bobbed his head in a short bob towards him then he heard the cat yowl its sound. 
He shifted his eyes towards the cat as Alexei spoke “Leader, the cat indicated that the food cart is about to arrive with someone coming so showing yourself is your decision.” 
Jinks heard the Zeskaya he assumed was named Leader speaking “It’s not prophesied for that time yet and its best I’ll be going. I have business elsewhere.” 
He turned his attention towards Leader who put on the mask and watched him walk to a doorway disappearing in a flash of light with the doorway’s door slamming shut abruptly followed by the sound of a door opening with a squeaking sound sounding in the room. Jinks looked to see male wearing medical scrubs with a frown on his face standing in the room with a high as his waist cart and his nose smelled the food coming from it that made his mouth water. 
He heard Alexei speak “I’ll see you around, Jinks. Perhaps I’ll see you again at another time.” 
He watched as Alexei left the room closing the door behind him and heard the medic clear his throat twice. Sighing Jinks went to the bed and stood watching as the medic adjusted part of the bed in an up position which he sat down on it crossed legged and eyed the medic who picked up a tray filled with dishes and a cup from the cart and set it on his lap. Jinks ate the food with gusto using the silverware watched by the medic leaving no bites left and did the same with the cup filled with liquid he recognized as orange juice leaving none left as he drank it all up. Once done he held up the tray which the medic took putting it on the cart and then hauled it to the door opening it under his watchful eyes and left the room pushing the cart out closing the door behind him. Jinks sighed and adjusted his legs straightening them to lean back against the bed in a sitting leaning position eyes staring at his hands on his lap. He heard a soft meow sound and shifted his eyes towards the cat that walked onto his lap to tummy sit on his stomach making him smile a small smile aimed at the cat who stared at him with unblinking golden eyes with seriousness in them. He sighed and removed his hands from underneath the cat and with a hand rubbed its back in a gentle motion feeling the soft fur underneath his hand soothing him. He exhaled a breath through his mouth feeling the cat give off a purring like rumbling vibration he felt that made him feel sleepy. He yawned putting a hand over his mouth and shook his head of the sleepiness that persisted and removed his hand to place it on the cat’s back. He leaned his head back against the pillow eyes staring at the ceiling that had beams appearing to be made out of wood jutting from the walls above him. Jinks felt the sleepiness persists some more shrugged and placed his other hand on the cat’s back before shutting his eyes falling asleep. 

Jinks dreamed of a cat he recognized as Demeter bounding around in a grass field under sun light high above. He saw Demeter run towards a figure who came into view he recognized as Lance Richard who squatted with a hand petting the cat on the head who appeared to enjoy the feel of it from pushing her head into Lance’s hand. He watched as Lance stopped petting Demeter who sat back on her haunches then jumped up onto his shoulder which he straightened up his form to a standing position. He saw Demeter curl herself around the back of Lance’s neck with her chin on his shoulder eyes appearing to shut with a content look on her face. 
Jinks saw Lance’s eyes shift to his eyes sight point of view and heard the man speak without his mouth moving “She’ll keep me company accompanying me here in my loneliness and will be watching you in spirit as I do the same. Don’t worry about her, Jinks. You have her permission to get another in her place if you wish for that for it’s up to you.”
He saw Lance nod his head in a short bob before turning around walking away as the sunlight became brighter and then the scene went black. 

Jinks woke up with a start finding he not in the Zesky hospital but in a bedroom lying in a too large for one person bed head on the pillow that felt soft to his touch with blankets on his form up to his chest that felt like they were made out of a rich material. He sat up shaking his head of sleep to look around the room he recognized as the one Janel died in with confusion running through him. He saw large black curtains glowing dimly on the wall on his left with two armchairs in front of it with a small table with a lamp on it between them. He rubbed his forehead and removed the blankets to swing his legs from the bed seeing he was wearing his familiar black sweatpants and nothing else on him. He eyed the bed’s table next to it with a lamp on it and a clock that appeared to be a combination battery and electricity clock. Jinks read the time finding it was morning around nine o’clock which he got up from the bed to stand looking around the room with the bed on his left. He spotted a doorway next to the bed’s table on his right and walked to it entering it to see it was a large luxury bathroom complete with large separate tub and shower stall and double sinks with large rectangular mirrors above them in the wall. He rubbed a hand on his forehead sighing loudly and stripped himself of the sweatpants baring him in the buff and went to the shower stall to turn on the water to heat tolerable levels. He raised his face shutting his eyes feeling the water pour over him like rain water from the large round circular shower faucet above him. Sighing he lowered his face opening his eyes and searched for the soap finding it along with shampoo bottles on a shelf in the shower stall wall. He took the soap and began scrubbing himself clean and put away the soap to grab the shampoo bottle pouring a generous amount in his hand and putting away the bottle to put the shampoo in his hair which he scrubbed clean. He placed both hands down on his sides and shut his eyes allowing the water to rinse him of soap and shampoo he sensed gone from him. Jinks rubbed a hand on his head and shut off the water going out of the stall heading towards the heated towel rack which he pulled off a towel that felt fluffy to the touch which he used to towel himself dry. He wrapped the towel around his waist and picked up his sweatpants hanging it on a hook on the door then left the bathroom to look in the bedroom. Jinks spotted a set of double doors facing him on a wall in line of sight which he went to. He slid them open to see a some what small room large as the bathroom looking like a small closet with a padded bench sitting in the middle of the room with clothes hanging on one side on his left with shoes appearing to be dressy below it while the other side he saw appeared to be empty of items. Jinks eyed the clothes he saw were all in the color black and seemed to be expensive looking. He saw a pair of two dressers facing him between the hanging clothes rails which he went to looking in the dresser on his left. He saw in one drawer were metal jewelry like ties, in another drawer below it were socks rolled up all in the color black and in a third drawer below it were pairs of underwear shorts all in the color black which he took one out and put it on yanking off the towel to place on top of the dresser. Jinks looked in the fourth drawer seeing nothing in it and looked in the other dresser seeing it was empty. He went to the clothes to examine them and saw jackets, t-shirts, long sleeve shirts and pants all numbering five and felt richly made from the feel of them. Jinks yanked a t-shirt off the hanger putting over his muscular chest and six pack abs then grabbed a pair of pants which he put on his form then went to the dresser to pull out a pair of socks. He took a pair of shoes and went to the padded bench sitting down to put on the socks and shoes on then stood up and grabbed the towel then walked out of the closet sliding the doors closed behind him. He went into the bathroom to place the towel on a warming rack then went to explore the drawers below the sinks. He saw in one drawer were hairbrushes and hair bands jumbled in it which he took out a hairbrush and used it on his hair brushing it neatly. He sigh and placed the hairbrush on the sink counter then walked out of the bathroom going to the bedroom entrance’s double doors which he flung open to see a man appearing to be older than his body’s age by his facial appearance and white hair while wearing a black business suit wearing a bow tie who looked at him giving him the feeling that the man wanted something from him. 
Jinks spoke “Uh?”
He frowned as the man’s expression stayed the same as the man spoke with an accent that made him think it wasn’t familiar to him “The name is Willingham your butler.” 
He nodded his head and walked down the hallway reaching the elevator and went inside seeing the butler didn’t follow him. 
Sighing he pressed the button labeled “Lobby.”  
Jinks felt the elevator went down with a soft humming sound till it stopped at the lobby floor where he saw six Highlanders wearing army clothing and long guns in their hands scattered around the room that straightened up seeing him. He eyed the building’s glass doors showing people walking by outside in different directions and walked towards it only to be blocked by a Highlander guard. 
Jinks frowned as the guard spoke “There’s a bench outside you can go sit on but if you go further than that bench our protecting you ends.”
He frowned to nod his head and walked outside seeing the bench sitting on his left underneath a canopy which he went to sit leaning his back against it with his arms folded. He eyed the people walking by him and frowned seeing some of them looking his way with reverence in their eyes which made him nervous. Jinks shifted his eyes to people’s clothes to spot Peasant cult member clothing on scattered people walking by and saw some of them slow their walking which made him more nervous. Sighing he got up and walked inside the building going into the lobby to the elevator. He walked into the elevator and pressed the button to the apartment penthouse. Jinks rubbed a hand over his eyes feeling his nervousness leave him while exhaling a breath through his mouth as the elevator went up. He felt the elevator stop with a jerk walked out and began exploring the apartment which he discovered a large square windowless room with a wall of mirrors facing the double doors and a punching bag in the corner near the entrance. He walked inside and felt the floor was padded and with a sigh began doing his karate motions. He sensed himself being watched during his motions and peered at the mirrors to see the double doors were open a crack showing a pair of eyes sideways peering into the room. Jinks frowned as his senses blared warning him that there was cameras in the room on recording his move which he looked up at the room’s corners to spot round black balls with red dots in them.  Jinks felt himself getting hungry ended his karate and headed towards the doors seeing the eyes disappear and slam shut which he went to the doors opening them to peer into the hallway to see Willingham walking down the hallway towards the doors who again gave him a familiar expression on his face. Jinks exhaled a breath and walked out and paused from walking as Willingham met him. 
Jinks spoke “You know where I can eat around here?”
He stared at Willingham who spoke “Follow me. I’ll lead you to the dining room.” 
He wordlessly followed Willingham to the dining room which had swinging double doors in one wall he noticed as he sat at the head of the twelve setting table he counted. 
He spotted on the table next to him were two folded newspapers which he read the titles saying “King’s Times, Master’s Herald.”
Jinks exhaled a breath recognizing the newspapers as the ones he read while in Wolf’s Howl that gave him a feeling that people assumed he liked to read those papers hence having them there. 
Jinks saw a headline on the first page of the Master’s Herald paper that said “Look alike found!” 
He sighed softly and picked up the newspaper unfolding it to read the article which detailed without mentioning his name “Lance Richard’s look alike had been found and brought to a secure location to help the male cope with problems he was visibly suffering from.” 
He heard the swinging doors open looked at his right to see a woman wearing a black and white outfit with an apron in front arrive carrying a tray with smells of food coming off it. He put down the newspaper as the woman he noticed looked older than him middle aged judging by a streak of white in her hair and tan skin looking a little wrinkled on her face. He saw her brown eyes looked kind as she placed the tray in front of him then stood next to the table with hands behind her back giving him a look that told him to eat the food. Jinks obeyed eating the food and drinking the cup’s liquid and once done sat back watching as the woman lifted up the tray and walked out of the dining room going through the swinging double doors which he spotted as they opened a kitchen. Jinks got up from the table and went to the swinging doors to see a large galley kitchen and saw a male appearing to be the woman’s age with black hair with a streak of white in it with hint of wrinkles on his face at the stove cooking food that paused from his motions to stare at him standing in the kitchen. Jinks spotted the woman at a sink on his right appearing to be washing the dishes as he saw on his left was a window showing a view of buildings far in the horizon along with a table in front of it with a wooden bench. 
Jinks heard a voice male tone speak “Master Jinks, my name is Jeff Groundwater and I’m your cook.” 
He looked at the man at the stove wearing a white chef outfit looking at him which he spoke “Oh.”
He stared at Jeff who spoke “I hear you met the butler Willingham. The lady doing the dishes is my wife Roberta Groundwater who assists me in my cooking duties.”
Jinks nodded his head as Jeff paused then continued to speak “There are two other servants both are my daughters Sarah and Roxanna who assist Willingham with his duties and they mostly do the cleaning in your home.”
Jinks frowned inwardly at the words ‘Your home’ as Jeff continued to speak “We servants don’t live in your home but in apartments set aside for us in the building.” 
He again nodded his head and watched as Jeff turned his attention towards the stove and resumed cooking. He sighed and left the kitchen going through the dining room and explored the apartment. He found a library like sitting room with double doors open with wall to wall shelves full of books of all sizes and all types of designs on them and spotted in the middle of the room were two armchairs with a large table between them that each had a lamp on next to it. He wandered into the room to stare at the books and randomly pulled out a book which he saw was a paperback with a bookmark sticking in it with a couple wearing medieval clothes on its cover in a clinch position. He sighed recognizing the book as a romance novel set it on the table between the arm chairs and walked out of the room closing the doors behind him. He felt tiredness hitting him went to his bedroom closing the double doors behind him and went to lamps turning them off in the room plunging it somewhat dark despite the curtains glowing light. Jinks went to the closet and stripped he of the clothes and shoes putting them on the bench and walked out in the buff to the bathroom. He went inside to grab his sweatpants putting them on and then went out to sit in an armchair feeling numbness hitting him. He allowed his mind to become blank as he numbly sat eyes staring at the floor unaware of the time. He sat as his night vision became dominant and felt a terrible feeling of sadness hitting him that made him burst into tears crying uncontrollably. Jinks rocked his form with hands on his head. Jinks heard the bedroom entrance’s doors open and closed. Jinks looked up to see a female wearing a Peasant cult member dress standing in the room looking around blindly not seeing him with nervousness in her face. Jinks felt the urge to mate arrive within him got up and went to the woman putting his hands on her shoulders which he felt her stiffen to the touch. He brought his lips to hers kissing her while feeling her hands blindly felt him settling on his chest. He kissed the woman while sensing her kiss him back as her hands traveled up from his chest to his tear stained cheeks blindly touching him then settled in his hair. Jinks broke off the kiss to put hands on her dress on her hips and slowly brought them over her head yanking it off her form with no protest from her to drop the dress onto the floor. He saw she had on a long t-shirt like dress on underneath and he slowly took it off her form and eyed her breasts while sensing her nervousness. He let go of her and took off his sweatpants tossing them aside then placed his hands on her shoulders while feeling her stiffen. Jinks slowly brought one of his hands on her back and the other hand to under her knees lifting her up which she clutched to his head while sensing nervousness coming from her. He carried her to the bed lying her form on it and placed his form slowly on top of her while feeling her hands go to his shoulders nails digging into them as her legs parted accommodating him. Jinks entered her feeling no barriers blocking the way and felt the woman struggling to relax with him inside her. He slowly took his time thrusting while feeling charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her. He sensed her feeling the same by her relaxing each time he entered her.  Jinks with a jerk spilled he inside her while jerking from an intense charge of pleasure hitting him as he felt the woman feeling the same as the urge to mate left him. He once the charge stopped coursing through him kissed the woman on the cheek and pulled out to lie on his back which he pulled her on top of him on her stomach with his hands and wrapped his arms around her as he shut his eyes allowing sleep to overtake him. 

Jinks woke up alone in bed seeing the clock showing it was ten o’clock in the late morning. Jinks got up and went to grab his sweatpants taking them to the bathroom. He entered the shower thinking of the previous night’s events flashing in his mind. He came out of the bathroom in the buff going to the closet to grab his folded clothes on the bench putting them on. He walked out of the bedroom to see the butler standing in the hallway looking at him with a familiar look. 
Jinks spoke “Who’s that woman that visited me the other night?”
He stared at Willingham who spoke “Her name is Lauralee which I last saw her going into the elevator.” 
Jinks felt confusion hitting him but felt hunger hitting him went to the dining room to sit. He eyed the newspapers with distaste running through him as Roberta arrived carrying a tray full of food which she set in front of him. He took his time eating the food and drink the once done left the dining room going to the hallway to the elevator which he took to the lobby floor. 
He eyed a Highlander guard and spoke “Lauralee, did you see her here?”
The guard spoke “She left the building but didn’t say that she’ll be back.” 
Jinks felt himself go numb hearing that as he darted towards the entrance only to feel a hand touching his chest blocking him which he heard a Zeskaya toned voice speaking “Don’t leave and search for her. Let us do it for you.” 
Jinks in respond yanked the hand off his chest and again darted towards the entrance only to feel arms wrap around his middle pulling him backwards which he struggled waving his arms against the grip. He felt himself yanked into an elevator which the arms kept it hold as the elevator went up. He struggled yanking against the hands holding him but no available as the elevator reached the penthouse floor and he was pushed out. Jinks felt anger arrive within him stormed to the room with the punching bag in it he dubbed gym room. He charged with a roar at the punching bag ramming his form repeatedly into it till he felt himself calming down to do karate on it. He felt himself being watched ignored the feeling and went to the middle of the room to kneel and shut his eyes mediating which his thoughts jumbled thinking about Lauralee. 
He heard the doors open behind him followed by Willingham’s voice speaking “Master Jinks, Lauralee is here.”
Jinks opened his eyes to stare through the mirror at Lauralee he saw had long blond hair and green eyes that looked nervous while dressed in a dress of a Peasant cult member. He spied no locket hanging from her neck as he got up from the floor turning around to face her. He saw nervousness in her face as he walked up to her gently touching her chin in a grip while sensing her stiffened from his touch. Jinks brought his mouth to Lauralee’s lips kissing her before breaking it off to hug her with his arms around her his chin resting against the side of her head near the top. He felt her stiffening further from his hug broke it off to stare at her with a questioningly look. 
Jinks watched as Lauralee brought her hands up and signed “I’m deaf with no talking ability. Sign language is a way I can communicate besides writing down words.” 
He nodded his head and signed “My mother before she passed away years ago when I was younger was deaf herself. She taught me sign language before I could talk along with teaching me things involving the deaf world which I’m fine with you being deaf.” 
He stared at Lauralee who appeared to be still nervous from his stare. 
Jinks signed “Did you explore my home?”
Lauralee signed “No I haven’t but I would like to explore it.” 
He signed “I’ll give you the tour if you don’t mind.” 
He saw Lauralee nod her head and left the gym room followed by her and showed her the apartment. 
He showed Lauralee the kitchen which Jeff there pausing from his work signed to his shock “Hello Lauralee, nice to meet you.”            
He frowned as he recalled that sign language was popular among the cult members which explained why some of them were fluent in it. 
He watched as Lauralee signed to Jeff “Do you make hot cocoa?”
He turned his attention towards Jeff who signed “I can make that including whatever you like me to make. Just tell me ahead of time so I can get the food and make the meal for you.” 
Jinks saw Lauralee nod her head and then she yawned abruptly. He waved a hand getting her attention while noticing Jeff turn towards the stove. 
He signed as she looked at him “You want to sleep? I can show you my bedroom and everything in it for you’re to use”
Lauralee he stared at nodded her head and he left the kitchen followed by her. He went to his bedroom opening the doors and waited till she was inside with him before closing the doors.  
Jinks saw Lauralee looking at him with a frown which he signed “The door on the bed’s wall leads to the bathroom. The double doors facing the bed are the closet. Feel free to put clothes in there.” 
He stared at Lauralee who went to the bathroom door only to pause turning around with her hands up signing “Please give me privacy in the bathroom, thanks.” 
He nodded his head and went to the arm chair as she went inside the bathroom closing the door behind her. He sat in the arm chair eyes on the bathroom door feeling impatient for her to come out. Jinks felt he relax as she came out dressed in a white long t-shirt like dress looking like the dress she wore underneath her Pleasant dress. He watched Lauralee go to the bed getting into it and watched her lean over shutting off the lamp before lying down eyes staring at the ceiling. Sighing he got up and went into the bathroom stripping himself of his clothes to shower then once done put on the sweatpants. He took his folded clothes and shoes to the closet setting them on the bench then went to the bed leaving his lamp on. He got in bed and leaned over Lauralee and brought his lips to her neck while feeling her stiffen. He trailed kisses from her neck to her lips who continued to stiffen. Jinks brought his form on top of Lauralee who abruptly began hitting him on the shoulders with her hands fisted while struggling to push him off. He broke off the kiss to stare at Lauralee who had tears in her eyes along with panic on her face. He climbed off of her to roll over lying on his side and stared at her as she rolled on her side back to him while adjusting the blankets up to her shoulder. 
Jinks felt confusion running through him “I’m wondering to myself why she allowed me to mate with her when she didn’t want a repeat of that.” 
He frowned and leaned over his side of the bed shutting off the lamp plunging the room into darkness with his night vision seen in his eyes. Jinks shut his eyes falling asleep.
 
Jinks woke up sensing Lauralee gone from the bed which he looked at the clock seeing it was eight o’clock on the time sighed and got up from the bed. He went to the closet to get dressed and went out of the bedroom to the dining room seeing Lauralee wasn’t there. He frown sitting in the dining chair as Roberta brought his food to him which he ate. 
Once done he spoke “Roberta, where’s Lauralee?” 
He stared at Roberta who spoke “She’s in the kitchen drinking hot cocoa.” 
He got up from the table and went into the kitchen to see her sitting at the table back to him on a bench while appearing to be drinking from her arm motions. He walked up to her and laid a hand on her shoulder and frowned as she jerked tossing the mug in the air towards the window contents spraying the window. He let go of her shoulder as she spun around getting up from the table bench. 
Jinks reached towards her with his hands and frowned as she backed up signing “No touching me.”
He frowned feeling confused with her behavior signed “Why did you allow me to mate with you?”
He saw Lauralee’s response was to give him a blank look before sitting down at the bench back to him appearing to be staring out the window. He sighed and went to her leaning down kissing her neck which she again jerked throwing her hand in a fist towards his head. He jerked from her fist connecting with his head as he stopped kissing her and again saw her looking at him with annoyance on her face. 
Jinks stared at her as she again signed “No touching me.”
He felt frustration arrive within him as she looked away towards the window which he stormed out of the kitchen speed walking towards the gym room. He felt frustration turn to anger which he attacked the punching bag ramming he into it repeatedly. Jinks felt his frustration and anger melt away which he sighed and left the gym room heading towards the library urged by his instincts. He saw the doors open ajar and peered into the room to see Lauralee sitting curled up in an armchair reading a paperback book in her hands with some blank expression on her face. He saw a light switch next to the door flicked it as ceiling lights overhead blinked. 
He watched as Lauralee looked at him with a blank look and he signed “Why are you freaking out every time I touch you?”
Lauralee to his annoyance stared at him with the blank look before turning her attention back to the book which he again felt frustration hit him. Jinks felt anger arriving walked out slamming the doors and went to the gym room to again slam he onto the punching bag. 
He felt anger as he thought to himself “What is going on with Lauralee? Why did she allow me to mate with her and refused to allow me to do it again? Why did she refuse to allow me to touch her?”
He gave the punching bag several jabs with his fists as he again thought to himself “I don’t care, I’m going to find out what Lauralee’s problem is and help her with it.” 
Jinks continued to jab the punching bag and began kicking it till his anger left him. He left the punching bag and did his karate motions repeatedly doing them over and over. Jinks heard Willingham’s voice speaking “Its nearly late evening now. Are you planning on spending the night in the gym room?”
He paused from his motions to stare at Willingham standing at the doorway which he spoke “No, Willingham.” 
He saw Willingham’s expression was a frown which he left the gym room followed by the butler who closed the bedroom doors behind him once he was inside the room. He sighed and eyed the bathroom door which he walked to putting a hand on the doorknob and felt it locked. He backed up as an idea of using his powers to unlock it came to his mind. Jinks stared at the door hesitating but curiosity came to him which he raised a hand and waved it. The door he saw became ajar unlocking which he pushed it wider to peer into the bathroom while hearing the shower running. He looked on his right to see Lauralee in the shower turn her back picking up the soap which he frowned seeing red horizontal scar welt lines on her back and butt areas. 
Jinks felt shock running through him slowly closed the door as he recalled his mating with Lauralee while sensing her reaction to it via thoughts heard “It dawned on me that she was raped and abused by a male hence her behavior of getting upset whenever I touched her.” 
He went to the middle of the room folding his arms eyes staring at the floor while facing the bathroom door. He heard the bathroom door open and looked up to see a fear look on Lauralee’s face who eyed him with panic in her eyes before going to the bed.  An idea came to his mind which he stomped his foot several times watching as Lauralee paused from walking towards the bed to look at him with the expression still on her face. 
Jinks signed “I want you in the bathroom with me to keep me company. I insist on that.” 
He formed pleading in his eyes and face as Lauralee stared at him then nodded her head in agreement. Jinks walked to the bathroom doorway which he spotted a stool next to the open doorway grabbed it and went inside followed by Lauralee. Jinks set the stool in the middle of the room and gestured to her to sit on it. He saw her obey with eyes staring at the floor which he waved a hand getting her attention. 
He signed “I want you to look at me.” 
Lauralee, he saw stared at him with a blank look on her face before looking down at the tile floor. He sighed and began to strip himself of his clothes which he noticed her glancing up to stare at him before looking at the floor repeatedly over and over till he was in the buff. Jinks paused to stand staring at her who he saw a greedy sexual look in her eyes as they looked all over his bared form and his sensitive part which he left bared. He slowly walked towards her to stand inches away his eyes on her keeping his hands to himself. He watched as Lauralee reached out a hand touching his sensitive part which he felt pleasure from and continued to watch her other hand joined her hand. He smiled feeling pleasure feelings from her hand exploring him which she abruptly looked up with panic on her face then he stopped smiling to shiver as her hands left his sensitive part. He stared at Lauralee who with panic on her face looked down while rocking her form back and forth. He sighed and walked to the shower getting under the faucet while feeling himself sexually active. He sensed her watching him as he brought a hand to his sensitive part and took himself in hand then began to cleanse himself with soap and shampoo. Once done he came out of the shower seeing her staring at him with a greedy sexual look in her eyes and face as he dried himself and put on his sweatpants. He stood staring at her as she formed a blank look on her face getting up and watched her dart out of the bathroom which he followed turning off the lights by switch next to the doorway. Jinks watched as she got into bed turning off the lamp. 
He frowned as a memory of helping a female overcome being raped flashed in his mind which he figured “I’m to allow Lauralee do what she wants to me sexually.” 
He stripped himself of the sweatpants and got into bed gently putting a hand on her shoulder shaking her. He felt her stiffen as she looked at him with annoyance in her face. 
Jinks signed “Do what you want to me. I’ll restrain myself from touching you which I insist you do it.” 
He lied on his back putting his hands on the headboard’s edge and eyed her looking at him with shock on her face. He gestured to his body with a head bob aimed at it then stared at her forming a blank look on his face and eyes. Jinks watched as Lauralee with hesitance reached out a hand towards his sensitive part touching him which brought pleasure. 
He mentally spoke thinking the words “Lauralee, touch me anywhere you want. Please get over the fear of me touching you and being hurt sexually.” 
He saw her pause to look at him with panic in her eyes followed by her hand leaving his sensitive part. 
He removed his hands from the headboard to sign “Lauralee, continue doing what your doing. You’re not hurting me with your touch.” 
He resumed putting his hands on the headboard to stare at her who continued to look at him with a frown on her face. He again jerked his head towards his body as she continued to stare at him. He heard the Master roaring from within him allowed the Master through to stare at her. He saw a shocked expression on her face and some awareness look in her eyes that reminded him of the look his mother would give him when he was a child first learning his powers.  He continued to stare at Lauralee who reached with a hand to touch his abs feeling them while glancing at him from staring at his body. He watched as she brought her hand lower towards his sensitive part and sighed from her touching him there. He watched as she brought her other hand and explored his sensitive part which brought feelings of pleasure hitting him. He tightened his hold on the headboard and shivered as Lauralee stopped touching him to yank off her nightgown dress tossing it aside which he greedily stared at her breasts. He willed the Master away as she looked at him whom he brought his eyes again at her breasts and then again at her in the face. Jinks watched as she straddled him guiding his sensitive part inside her and he kept his form still as she rocked him while feeling charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her. He saw Lauralee felt the same way judging by her facial expression and eyes staring at him in the eyes. He felt himself spilling inside her jerked from the intense charge of pleasure hitting him as she jerked in response to collapse on top of him. Jinks breathed deeply through his nose as Lauralee pulled her off of him to lie on her side head on his shoulder as he pulled his arms down. He sensed Lauralee had fallen asleep shut his eyes. 

Jinks woke up alone in the bed and he eyed the clock seeing it was nine o’clock on the time. He felt happiness hitting him feeling like he had broken through Lauralee’s no touching attitude. He got up and joyfully went to the bathroom to shower cleansing himself then went to his clothes putting them on along with his shoes. He sighed as he left the bedroom heading towards the dining room and saw Lauralee wasn’t in it. He sat and waited as Roberta arrived with the food which he ate then went to the kitchen to see Lauralee sitting at the table back to him appearing to be drinking from a mug. 
He heard Jeff speaking “I would rap the table part farthest from her just to get her attention.”
He nodded his head and went to the table part farthest from Lauralee and knocked on it with his fist several raps. Jinks saw her look at him with a blank expression on her face. 
He signed “Lauralee, are you alright?”
He stared at her as she in response looked away to resume staring out the window. He sighed and sat down next to her gently putting a hand over her left hand while feeling her stiffened from the touch. 
He gripped the hand to stroke with his thumb and felt annoyance as she abruptly yanked her hand away from his grip while signing “No touching me.”
He felt annoyance along with frustration hitting him got up storming out of the kitchen heading to the gym room which he attacked the punching bag with heavy force. 
He ranted to himself “I got her to mate with me last night and she’s still the same afraid of being touched by me. I find the mating was all for nothing and I’m furious with that.”
 He paused from punching to feel the Master taking control and felt his instincts blare a warning which he darted out of the gym room allowing his feet to take him to the bedroom which he found the door locked.  He backed up waving a hand and the door opened going ajar which he slammed open to see Lauralee standing on a stool back to him underneath a beam throwing a ropey object he recognized as a curtain pull over the beam. 
Jinks snarled some angry sound thinking to he “She wants to kill herself by hanging herself. Well not as long as she lives here for I’ll do what it takes to keep her alive.”
He darted into the room to run in front of Lauralee grabbing the rope and threw it at the wall before turning his attention towards her who had a fear look in her eyes. 
Jinks narrowed his eyes as he signed “You have a problem of not letting people help you like I’m willing to do with your problems you appear to be suffering from.” 
He gave Lauralee a glare who hopped off the stool to sign “Jinks, please release me from living with you-“
He interrupted signing “I’ll do it with a price tag is that you have to tell me the reason for those scar welts on your backside I saw the other night when I snuck into the bathroom during you showering and then I’ll release you.”
He folded his arms to glare at her with the Master in control as she stared at him. 
He undid his arms to sign “I mean it, Lauralee.”
Jinks stared at Lauralee whose face crumbled up showing tears falling from her eyes and he followed her darting out of the room. He saw her enter the library room slamming the doors which he opened one and peered into the room to see her go to an arm chair falling to her knees kneeling in front of it putting her head and arms on the chair while visibly shaking assumed that she was crying tears. Jinks willed the Master away as he felt himself furiously angry slammed the door and stormed to the gym room to the punching bag ramming his form repeatedly onto it. He stopped his ramming to do karate till his anger simmered from its boiling point and heard a knock on the door which he looked to see Willingham standing in the entrance. 
He stared at the butler who spoke “Lauralee is in the lobby detained by guards. She is claiming that you released her to leave which the guards want confirmation on that from you.”
Jinks felt he get angrier spoke struggling to hide the anger from his voice “Tell them that Lauralee is free to go for I have released her.” 
He saw Willingham nod his head before leaving the room closing the door. 
He roared an angry sound snarling out loud “So this is what you have taken as your course of action Lauralee. I’m furious that you won’t tell me what is plaguing you. I wish you would tell me what your problem is. I’m willing to help you.”
He angrily spun around and gave the punching bag several jabs with his fists before doing his karate on it repeatedly over and over. He felt exhaustion arrive within him kept attacking the punching bag till his attacks became slower and slower till tiredness hit him hard. He stumbled towards the middle of the room falling to kneel and shut his eyes. 
He saw Lauralee kneeling in front of him who spoke with a hearing voice tone with a sad look in her eyes and face “I’m sorry, Jinks.” 
He jerked opened his eyes to get up stumbling towards the punching bag and again fell to kneel before sliding to the floor on his side and shut his eyes passing out unconscious.  

Jinks jerked his eyes open as he felt a hand touching his shoulder shaking him. 
He stared at Willingham showing concern on his face who spoke “Its morning now. Do you want me to hold breakfast till you stop feeling like needing to sleep in the gym room, Master Jinks?”
He rubbed a hand on his face and shook his head in a no gesture while feeling he hungry. He got up as Willingham straightened his form. He walked out of the gym room into the hallway heading towards the dining room. He walked inside to sit at a chair and waited for his food which his eye focused on the Master’s Herald paper showing a headline. 
He read “Abuser shot dead.”
He felt himself drawn to the newspaper grabbed it picking it up to read the article which he read mentioning a woman with Lauralee’s description “Abused by a male who would rape her and hit her with his fists along with cutting the skin off her backside if she didn’t do what he wanted her to do.”  
Jinks paused from reading the article recalling the welts on Lauralee’s back and butt area. He continued to read the article detailing “The woman through a Highlander’s mind scans show that she had run away from the abuser. She received help from another male said to be called the Master who gave her the courage to return to the abuser to confront him on his abusing behavior towards her.”  
The article continued to say that mind scans shown “The abuser threatened the woman with a gun which she retaliated by attacking the male with feet kicking him in the sensitive part which she got a hold of the gun. The male grabbed her neck with both hands gagging her and during the struggle she accidentally fired the gun aimed at his chest killing him. The death freaked her out enough to have a crying breakdown dropping the gun onto the floor.
According to the cops who arrived to the apartment ‘She was very panicky and hysterically upset that we had to sedate her just to get her to calm down.’” 
Jinks frowned reading the article as he continued reading it which stated “Once the woman was calm enough from the sedation a Highlander mind scanned her. He verbally told the cops what had happened to her and the dead male along with mentioning that there was abuse evidence on her backside.” 
“The woman” he continued to read “was calm enough to strip her clothes in presence of a female cop and female medics in private for them to exam her and the abuse on her backside which pictures were taken as evidence.” 
Jinks kept frowning thinking to he “Lauralee why couldn’t you tell me of this yourself? I was willing to help you like I did with helping you get over being raped.” 
He continued to read the article which continued to say “The male’s shooting death was reported as self defense. The woman was free to live her life as she wished.” 
Jinks sigh as he finished the article as his nose smelled food coming towards him. He looked up to see Roberta carrying a tray filled with dishware and a cup holding liquid on it which she set on the table in front of him. His stomach growled its hunger which he feeling himself hungry placed the newspaper on the table and attacked the food with gusto eating it till there was no bites left. He grabbed the cup and gulped down the contents then sighed once done to put the cup down and pushed the tray away from him. He again grabbed the newspaper to scan the headlines which didn’t interest him to read the articles then placed the newspaper back on the table. He sighed again and got up from the table to wander around the penthouse apartment lost in thought eyes staring at the floor. His feet took him to the library which he stared at the table between the armchairs with a small paperback book on top. He went inside the library leaving the doors open towards the table to pick up the book and saw the cover was the identical to the book he pulled from the bookcase which he spotted a bookmark stuck in the middle of the book. He groaned a soft groan to gently place the book down on the table and felt sadness hitting him hard that brought tears to his eyes. Jinks kneeled arms going around he as he allowed the tears to flow which he gently rocked his form weeping cries of anguish loudly. He continued to cry tears as he felt himself overwhelmed with sadness slid his form to the rugged floor curling into ball hands covering his face as he continued to weep very loudly. Jinks cried till the tears stopped flowing and shut his eyes allowing himself to pass out falling asleep. 

Jinks dreamed of he standing on a beach wearing black clothing and in his eyes sight ahead of him was Lauralee standing sideways wearing a black dress long sleeved and ankle length appearing to be talking with her mouth words not heard. She was talking to a figure he recognized as Lance Richard who he noticed seemed to have sympathy on his face. He continued to watch as Lauralee stopped talking which he saw Lance speaking with his mouth words not heard towards Lauralee who appeared to frown with her facial expression. Jinks frowned wondering what the conversation was about as he felt himself compelled to walk forwards towards the two. He reached them to stand next to Lauralee as Lance paused from talking to gesture with his head towards him. Jinks kept his mouth shut as Lauralee turned to face him with a frown in her face and eyes showing hope in them. 
Jinks heard Lance speak with a soothing voice tone “Go to him, Lauralee.” 
Jinks stared at Lauralee and raised one of his hands towards her which she walked towards him and brought her arms around him in a tight grip with hands touching his back and her chin on his shoulder. He brought his hands to Lauralee’s back gently rubbing while hearing her give off crying sounds and felt her form shake from the tears. He continued to hold her as the scene went black and he felt himself lying on a rugged floor which he jerked his eyes open to see the library. Jinks raised he up to sit up rubbing a hand on his head. He eyed the library double doors to see that they were closed and not open like he left them. Sighing Jinks got up rubbing a hand on his forehead and walked out of the library to his bedroom which he went inside closing the double doors behind him. He went to the window pulling up part of a curtain to peer outside to see in the fading sun light were buildings standing in his eyes sight far as his eyes could see. Jinks yawned abruptly as the light disappeared showing night. Sighing he released his hold on the curtain and went to the bed grabbing his sweatpants taking it into the bathroom. He stripped himself of his clothes folding them on the sink counter and hit the shower. Jinks came out of the shower feeling the day’s events catching up with him making him weary as he went to dry himself. He sighed putting away the towel and grabbed his sweatpants putting them on and walked out to the bed which he went around turning off lamps plunging the room into darkness which he saw with night vision clearly. He eyed the bed with relief running through him went to it yanking back the blankets and got in pulling the blankets on his form and fluffed the pillow with his hands before shutting his eyes falling asleep. He dreamed of himself wearing bathing suit shorts sitting with back leaning against a tree shaded by the branches overhead from the sun with Lauralee wearing a bikini covering her privates sitting sideways on his lap head on his shoulder. Her abdomen was swollen with child which he had a hand on feeling the baby inside her doing its movements while sensing her enjoy the feel. Jinks sighed feeling the baby kicking from within Lauralee as she brought a hand and rubbed his cheek which he leaned his other cheek on her forehead gently rubbing. He felt the baby’s movements from his hand on her abdomen gently rubbed massaging the area while hearing her sigh a sound of pleasure and felt her hand stroke his cheek. He smiled a small smile and felt Lauralee had fallen asleep by her still form breathing deeply. Jinks shut his eyes and felt him going unconscious and woke up lying in bed in his bedroom of the penthouse apartment. He eyed the clock seeing it was nine o’clock sighed and got up from the bed and went to a bare spot in the room on the rugged floor and did his limber exercises stretching and swung himself up to stand in a karate move. He went into the bathroom to change his clothes folding the sweatpants on the counter and walked out after brushing his hair. 
Jinks eats his daily meal then wanders around the apartment before going to the kitchen and is told by Jeff “Lauralee when she drank her hot cocoa while staring out the window appeared to zone out not acknowledging a hand waving in front of her eyes or in her eyes sight. She seemed distracted whenever someone tries to get her attention by rapping the table or bench.” 
Jinks frowns hearing that as Jeff continues “Lauralee would jerk out of the zone out state acting surprised if she was touched physically. She has given the same words she told Master Jinks to the person touching her along with balking their attempts to touch her. She has done that to Jeff and Roberta themselves.” 
Jinks feels a little weird out by this as Jeff adds “Willingham saw her in the library appearing to be engrossed with a book. He observed that she wasn’t really reading it by her eyes he saw were staring at the book. She not was appearing to move in a reading state.” 
“Willingham” according to Jeff “tried to get her attention by blinking the lights. She appeared to be distracted. He thinks she went into a zoned out state. His thinking was correct when he touched Lauralee who acted surprised to being touched. She gave him the no touching comment and balked his attempts to touch her by repeatedly giving the comment.” 
Jinks wonders to himself “What got Lauralee to zone out? Why she’s balking being touched?” 
He leaves the kitchen seeing Jeff has resumed cooking thinking to he “If her abuse and rape had anything to do with her zoning out and her no touching comment included.” 
He wanders to the TV room to sit on the couch staring at the flat screened TV. Jinks grabs the remote from the low table in front of the couch and turns the TV on watching the program it airs. Jinks feels like he’s seen it before sees the opening credits to realize it’s a soap opera and recalls seeing his mother watching it when she stayed home with him whenever he got sick several times with different medical ailments and couldn’t attend school the medical ailment’s severity. He frowns staring at the TV to put the closed captions for the deaf on and reads the words while hearing them spoken remembering himself watching TV with his mother with the sound off and reading the captions on the screen over the years as he grew up.
This enforced by his mother who insisted to him “I’m helping you get better reading skills.” 
He sighs and hears the door to the room open on his right and senses Lauralee but keeps his attention aimed on the TV and feels her sit on the couch next to him. He blocks the urge to look at her which she takes one of his hands without him resisting and places on her abdomen holding it in place. 
He figures out “She’s expecting and is letting me know of that.” 
Jinks looks at her seeing she’s wearing a black dress with a round neck collar similar to his t-shirt top collar to see her looking at the TV. He gently takes the hand holding his and kisses it with his lips then places his hand back on her abdomen. He watches the soap opera as he senses Lauralee move herself from the couch onto his lap back on his chest. Jinks puts his arms around her putting both hands on her abdomen as she leans back onto him and he continues to watch TV.  
He senses her still thinks “She’s fallen asleep.” only to feel her fidget each time he thinks that. 
Soap opera he watches ends and Willingham comes into view to sign “Its brunch time for Lauralee to eat her required meal for the baby.” 
Jinks surprised to see that the butler is aware of the pregnancy. He doesn’t comment gets up after Lauralee gets up from him which he shuts the TV off with the remote and he follows her following the butler to the dining room. Jinks sits at the head with her on his left side and watches as Roberta puts a tray in front of Lauralee who eats it.
Jinks then hear Roberta mention to him verbally “I’ll get the Master something he can get as nourishment.” and hears the swinging doors’ noises which he feels a little confused about. 
He recalls only eating one meal a day whenever he was healthy at full strength a discovery he discovered himself from eating experiments after he started to isolate himself in his Wethersfield apartment as a way of hiding from the religious fanatics. He recalls to himself that he only ate more than one meal a day when he was suffering medical ailments as a way for his body to heal from it. His reverie is broken by the swinging doors sounding and he looks up to see Roberta carrying a large glass cup with thick pink liquid in it and a straw in it jutting from it. 
He frowns seeing her set it in front of him and orders “The Master to drink it up!”
Jinks show confusion on his face and she speaks “Its part of your nourishment requirements as ordered by the Zesky Hospital doctors after they did their tests on you.” 
Jinks feel a little weird out but take the drink and suck it through the straw to discover it’s a strawberry milkshake. 
Jinks continue to take in while thinking ‘I’m feeling confused on what foods the Zesky Hospital said for me to take in as nourishment. I’m wondering why they ordered the strawberry milkshake as one of my nourishment requirements.”  
He feels a little bewildered but sucks in all the milkshake through the straw till there’s none left and hands Roberta the cup which she takes going into the kitchen. He watches Lauralee eat her food seeing her take her time while she glancing from her food to him back and forth.    

Brandis writes “From what I remember involving Laurelee herself involving her further along in her pregnancy. I confused to why is the pregnancy is shorter than normal nine months.”  

Lauralee gets further along in pregnancy which he starts to notice her distracted and not interested in him. 
He finds it confusing but thinks “Its pregnancy related.” 
Brandis remembers via writing “Jinks then when she reaches her eighth week she falls into the pregnancy related coma. She is taken to a hospital.”

Jinks is left in his apartment wandering around for days till the hospital calls according to Willingham to say “She had a baby boy.” and then says with confusion in his voice “The Baxter family thanking you on getting her pregnant.” which he feels confused about. 
He the next day eats his food then reads the newspaper to read in King’s Times a man named Nathan Baxter a senator from New Jersey announcing that his wife Laurena giving birth to a son named Nathan Baxter Junior. Jinks feels himself go dead seeing a picture of Lauralee sitting up in a hospital bed smiling while holding a baby wrapped up in blankets and a man wearing a suit standing next to the bed smiling having a hand on her shoulder. Jinks feels himself get angry filled with fury crumbles the newspaper to toss it to the wall and then storms to his gym room to attack his punching bag. He feels furious about having that trick played on him again like before attacks the punching bag with everything he got even ignores the stinging pain in his back and keeps attacking till his strength starts to leave him. Jinks continue to do it till he falls to the floor and shuts his eyes falling asleep. 

Jinks wakes up with water splashing on his face and finds he restrained in a chair to shake his eyes open to stare at a man he recognizes as Nathan Baxter away underneath a spotlight with some reverence look in his eyes. He sees Lauralee standing next to Nathan with pity in her eyes while having wire like gloves on her arms and hands.  
He glares at them as Nathan speaks “I can’t get Laurena” he refers to Lauralee “pregnant no matter how many tries. There’s problem with the implantation methods as a result. We used the Master to mate with her and get her with child which was successful.” 
Jinks feels himself angry growls an angry sound yanking at the restraints as Nathan continues “I’ll have the Master transported someplace for him to learn something besides being contained from the religious fanatics and he will enjoy it.” 
He snarls an angry sound as he feels a prick of pain in his neck struggles against the restraints till sleepiness arrives and he shuts his eyes falling asleep. 

Jinks discovers what Nathan means wakes up wearing Master army clothes in an army barrack among men standing next to his bed staring at him with reverence in their eyes. He feels angry at Nathan and Laurena’s trickery keeps his anger simmering. He eats alone by himself in the cafeteria by his own choice and showers alone by his own choice with ice cold water and keeps his jacket on despite the heat weather and earns the nickname Ice which the army people starts referring him. He after a day of staying there leaves the barrack one night stopped by an army man which he speaks an insulting comment and walks out and blows his temper. Jinks is stopped by the same man using the man as a punching bag and he is restrained by an army guy named Boxer who grabs the back of his neck lifting him off his feet and he struggles against that while growling from anger. Boxer drops him which he takes off and is grabbed by four men who restrain him to the ground and he doesn’t relax till Boxer puts a jacket over his head covering his eyes. Jinks feels himself lifted up and carried to some place and gets restrained to a bed and blindfolded and then spends time on the bed growling in anger till he feels sleepiness.
Jinks dreamed of Lance who spoke “I warn you that there are others of the Master group who view you as a breeding male. They will use whatever excuse to get you mating with females, getting them pregnant. This started with Roosevelt who made no secret of this. Now some of the male Table members are copying Roosevelt by having their females bred to you to get a child from him seeing he is a vessel of the Master myself. They want to have a piece of the vessel to raise their Master beliefs into.” 
He feels angry to voice “Lauralee not being honest with me about who she was interested in. She using me to breed for a baby. I’m angry about it.” but calms down to peacefulness as Lance hugs him gently rubbing his back. 
He feels himself calm as Lance again tells him “I’ll see that the others will be honest with wanting to use Jinks for breeding instead of trickery. I’ll make sure that honesty is the best policy.” 
He feels Lance stop hugging him to feel the man putting a hand over his eyes and scene goes black. 

Jinks wakes up still restrained to a bed with a blindfold over his eyes and he’s calm to smell food coming near him which he turns his face towards it feeling interested in eating. He feels the restraints taken off along with the blindfold to stare at a man looking older with black hair pulled back having tan skin and intense blue eyes and wearing army clothing. The man as Jinks sits up puts a tray on Jinks’ lap and Jinks gobbles up the food and drink leaving nothing left then the man puts the tray off his lap and puts it on a table next to the bed then sits down to stare at him. 
Jinks feels a little weird out but the man speaks “The Master seemed angry since the moment he woke up. He blew a tantrum on one of the officers. The doctor thinks it’s the sleep knock out drugs that the Master was given that was affecting his mood and making him angry enough to blow it using one of the officers as a punching bag.” 
Jinks frowns inwardly but keeps his mouth shut as the man adds “I introduce myself as General Britain Morgan the military general leader of the Master army group in the state of Connecticut call sign Eagle. I referred as Eagle.” 
Jinks nods his head as Eagle continues “Table members have insisted that Jinks Montreal I refers as Ice be put in an army group in Connecticut instead of living isolated in New York City. They were firm on the Master to hold a non combat position. Perhaps learn enough to hold a high ranking position like my General position.” 
Jinks frowns to show it visibly on his face as Eagle continues to speak “Jinks Montreal has been giving the call sign Ice by one of the Table members in the past. It’s a nickname that stuck when their referring to you.”
Jinks feel an urge to use the bathroom spoke “I requests the bathroom.” while adding “I gets it Eagle’s words.” 
Eagle who gets up gesturing him to follow him and leads him to the bathroom out in the hallway from his room to the bathroom door which Jinks uses and washes his hands once done in the sink then comes out.
Jinks wound up to find Eagle with arms folded who spoke “I insist to you to come along.” 
Jinks obeys following Eagle out of the medical bay building to the field showing army officers doing military exercises drills who pause from their exercising to salute towards Eagle who pauses from walking with himself standing next to him. 
Jinks frowns as Eagle asks him “If you have heard of a Humanoid race called Amula.”
Jinks replies “I have heard of them.” while getting a memory of encountering them when he was lost in a forest accidentally separated from his mother when he was old enough to walk.
A group of wolves found him and changed into humanoids wearing gonoid skins and brought him back to his mother who was relieved to see him which they used sign language to introduce themselves to him and his mother. 
Jinks break himself of his reverie as Eagle again asks him “If you know what the Amula are?” 
Jinks replies “Their manoids who change forms into gonoids called wolf and back to manoid form.” talks about the memory he got.  
He sees Eagle nod his head and then the man tells him “Most of the army group focused in Connecticut and himself are actually Amula. The Table members are aware of it from Eagle myself informing them of that” adds “The reason Amula are in the Master’s army for they don’t have a purpose in life and needs something to do.” 
He nods his head as Eagle continues to speak “The Table members emphasized that the Amula in the Master group be in the army.” 
Eagle adds “Amula have very strong strength can easily lift up a man of your size by grabbing the man’s neck and lifting him up to dangle his feet.” 
Jinks recall an army man named Boxer doing that mentions “One of the army people did that to me.” without saying names.
Eagle replies “The Master appears to have similar strength for he broke the nose of the army man Amula call sign Sheriff. It is a little impossible to be done on Amula. Sheriff recovered enough from that nose breaking. It took four men all Amula to bring you down to the ground and carry you struggling against their grips to the medical bay. You were being chained with their strongest chain restraints to the bed.” 
Jinks frowns but says “I’m trained in martial arts. I have a black belt from when I was a high school kid. I have over the years kept the karate up despite not taking any classes for it. I took classes for the karate again years ago after I reached legal adult status. I wound up fighting karate in competitions. My teacher was ordered by the martial arts federation to quit entering me in competitions and just teach me karate. I managed to get another black belt.
The teacher told me ‘There wasn’t much more to teach you from reaching the black belt.’
He told me ‘You’re to consider teaching karate.’ 
I was thinking of doing till the religious fanatics got too much. I escaped them going to New York City and took off from the city to Wolf’s Howl where a bounty hunter found me. Bounty Hunter wound up returning me to New York City to live under observation.” 
He pauses as Eagle nods his head with a frown on his face and he clamps his mouth shut as Eagle speaks “A Table member a female informed me that another Table member a male used trickery to get his wife pregnant with your child. 
The female Table member in question has already asked Scotland ‘You’re to consider removing the male Table member from his position getting him removed from his government position.’ 
She insisted ‘Other Table members who attempt to copy this male Table member will suffer the same fate while emphasizing that if people in the Master group wants you to father children their to use honesty and avoid using trickery.
A previous Table member before death years ago made it clear ‘my method of trickery was not to be copied period.’”  
Jinks frowned overheard “I’m thinking of Roosevelt as that table member.” as Eagle pauses from his talk to stare at him.
Jinks speak “I hated the trickery done by people using me to father children. It was a reason why I was in a bad mood since I woke up in the army barracks. I blew my temper on Sheriff.” 
Jinks frowns as Eagle with an awareness look forming in his eyes as the male speaks “I suspected a Table member, a male who according to rumor did the trickery. He had ordered you put in the army group. This Table member according to rumor personally met you before you woke up in the army barracks.” 
Jinks speak “I have personally met the Table member and his wife holding my son in her arms. The meeting was while I was restrained to a chair. 
The Table member told me ‘I was giving the Master a different environment to live in.’” Eagle speaks “The Master has my permission to leave the army group anytime he feels like it. The Master coming back whenever he wants and he doesn’t have to state his reasons for either way.” 
Jinks speak “I get it your words.” 
Jinks gets a feeling from the Master’s roaring in his mind thought overheard “Lance wants me to do something besides being in the army group.”
“I insist to Eagle to train me fighting combat methods with or without whatever weapons.” Jinks sees a frown in Eagle’s face and a look in the General’s eyes that tells him “He is going to refuse my request.” allows the Master through to speak “I mean it!” in the Master’s voice. 
Jinks saw Eagle’s eyes widen with shock in them and then the General speaks “I give my agreement to the Master’s request.” with a shocked tone in his voice.  
	
Brandis writes “From what I remember is a jumbled mess of Jinks Montreal trained in army combative moves and methods.”

Jinks get taught how to shoot guns at targets and throw any kind of knife like weapon at targets. Other throwing weapons including improving his martial arts skills in methods of fighting and killing people while sometimes wearing army combat gear on his form. He is taught how to make bombs and detonators including how to set them off with whatever methods including being safe from them blowing up. He starts to get along with the army people in the barracks by being a little friendlier when they are friendly with him. He showers with them in the open shower room in the buff despite getting happy gonoid like noises from the other army guys in their buff forms looking at him that tells him that their impressed with his body form. He eats with them in the mess hall and doesn’t say much but listens to their conversation. Jinks hears them talking about their training while appearing to be bragging about where they hit the targets. 
Jinks heard them talk about females which some of the men there say “I admit I’m married. Our significant other is in the female army camp in another part of the town of Tamkan the camp is currently in.” 
Jinks doesn’t say much but listens as the men’s talk turns to an upcoming Halloween dance happening soon which both camps will meet in a location in town and party like there’s no tomorrow. 
He hears “I’m looking forward to the dance as a break from the training.” 
Jinks that night gets a dream of Lance while dreaming of a beach and himself wearing army clothing and he sees Lance has a look of approval on his face looking him up and down.
Lance speaks in a cruel voice tone “The time for Jinks to act as my hand as my vessel has arrived. I expect you to do work I wants you to do carrying out punishments to people.  You doing missions I wants carried out. I expect you to do them without question for they are part of my plans for people.” 
Jinks don’t say a word as Lance spoke “I order you to kidnap your son from Senator Nathan Baxter’s New Jersey house. Your to get the baby to people in New York City where a guide show you who to get the baby.” 
Lance covers his eyes and he wakes up in bed hearing the morning radio music blare in barracks which he gets up as the army men gets up and then do their exercises outside with him following along. 
Jinks meets the General “I requests to leave.” 
Eagle agrees and gives him a jeep with an attached lap top computer that has the internet in it. Jinks uses to get Senator’s house address and drives it out of Connecticut to New Jersey and at night arrives at a back road to set the car aside. 
Jinks get a feeling from the Master that tells him “You’re to rig the car to blow it up!”
Jinks leaves the car aside while putting on a black winter ski cloth mask over his face. The mask covers his entire head and shows his eyes and black gloves while wearing a black army outfit with top having long sleeves and pants and lightweight black boots while traveling in the darkness. Jinks wound up traveling towards the Senator’s house. Jinks use the driveway to walk on it seeing the gates open allowing a limo to come out and sneak inside. He spots cameras hides himself among the trees and hears eerie howls that tell him is Amula in wolves form hanging around in the yard. His senses tells him they might sense him and gets pulled up by rope around his neck to the trees where he meets a man sized Hawk bird.
 That communicates through his mind “I’ll transport you to the house.” 
Jinks don’t protest as the bird hops onto his shoulders and flies him to the house and lands him on a balcony. 
Then the bird says “I’ll be on the roof and just call me.” 
He uses his mental powers to open balcony doors showing a bedroom with a big bed and a crib. He sees Laurena not noticing him get up from a rocking chair going to the crib holding a bundle with hesitance in her movements. Jinks follows her appearing to be not unaware of him and he mentally puts her to sleep after she puts baby in the crib by hand wave as she turns around in his direction. He watches as she hits the floor and then he picks up the baby from the crib mentally ordering him to sleep with a hand on the baby’s forehead. Jinks walks out of the bedroom to the balcony locking it behind him and mentally calls for the Hawk. Jinks stand on the balcony rails and the bird grabs him and flies him in another direction from his car. Jinks sees a large explosion hitting the forest where his car was and figures the rigging was set off. He is transported to New York City across the forests and a river and the bird lands him on a rooftop that looks like a full forest garden then flies away. He walks silently on the rooftop and senses his mind scanned looks around to see a Highlander wearing Seeing Eye goggles come in sight.
The Highlander heard speaking “Your name is Jinks Montreal for I was expecting you from the Master informing me of your visit.” 
Jinks doesn’t say a word as the Highlander comes closer and he feels his mind stopped scanned and speaks “One of the servants Roxanna had a son exact time your son was born. She recently lost the baby some sickness. We managed to keep the loss under wraps due to the Master ordering us.”  
Jinks figures out what the Highlander is imply speaks as the Highlander leads him out of the garden to stairs down saying “I’ll personally see that my son Robert I names is given to Roxanna.” 
He hears the Highlander say “Roxanna and her husband can’t see the Master dressed in his gear or other Highlanders scanning their minds would figure out the kidnapping.” 
Jinks agrees as they continue walking down the stairs undoes the baby’s blanket and strips the baby of clothes and hands the baby to the Highlander who speaks “I’ll see that the items the baby was wearing are properly deposed.” 
He follows the Highlander down several sets of stairs pass doors who stops at a door knocking on it in code knocks and another Highlander walks out followed by a second. Highlander guard spoke “I insist to the guards to lead the Master to the penthouse I names and get the baby’s items deposed.” 
He hands a Highlander the items who goes down the stairs followed by the Highlander guard carrying the baby. Jinks follow a Highlander through the doorway that leads him to a hallway to an elevator. Jinks takes to the penthouse and then once inside hears vacuuming noises in the library room to peer in the open a bit door to see a female with black hair and pale skin wearing a maid outfit busy vacuuming the floor with a vacuum cleaner not noticing him. 
Jinks figures overheard “It’s best not to disturb her cleaning.” leaves to his bedroom.
Jinks wound up shutting the door and changes out of the gear putting them in a dresser drawer. Then in the buff walks to the bathroom going inside and spots his sweatpants sitting on the counter folded which he takes a shower and then once done with cleaning himself dries he with a fluffy towel then puts on the sweatpants. Jinks leave the bathroom to the bed getting on it pulling the blankets up to his chest and he eyes the clock that says midnight and shuts his eyes. 
He has a dream of Lance informing him “Laurena will suspect you for kidnapping the baby. She will come to confront you who you must lie to her that you didn’t do the deed. You must deny her accusations. Be willing to use physical force against her if she attacks you.” which dream goes black. 

Jinks dreams of memories of his children with Janel and then wakes up to see the time is ten o’clock gets up going to the closet to put on his familiar black outfit he wore when he lived in the penthouse before the army. He walks out to see Willingham not looking surprised to see him but sees confusion in the man’s eyes. Jinks saw the newspapers don’t say anything but goes to the dining room to read the newspapers which doesn’t say anything about the kidnapping.
He figures to he “It’ll be in the next day newspaper. If it isn’t then the Senator is keeping a lid on it.” 
He asks Willingham “Who controls the newspapers I’m reading?” 
The butler replies “King’s Times are controlled by the King and the government while Master’s Herald is under your control. An editor of that paper has been acting as the controller while waiting for the Master to take command.” 
Jinks gets his food eats it then goes to the gym room to spot weapons on the wall next to the punching bag. A set of two mirrors removed on the wall next to the weapon wall leaving one mirror and on the wall next to the mirror wall are padded with targets on it. He eyes the weapons seeing that their army use throwing weapons which he grabs a throwing star knife and tosses it to the target seeing it hit the middle. He recalls hitting the middle of the targets each time he threw knife like throwing weapons at the targets. That included with at a dummy to toss those weapons aimed at the head and heart areas and setting off the dummy’s eye lights each time. 
He remembers doing that and hearing army men chatter “His accurate aim.” each time he tosses weapons at targets. 
He recalls to himself about gun weapons and being equal to the other army men with the guns shooting them at targets and sometimes like them missing the middle of the target. Jinks goes to the TV room and sits watching the all news channel till Willingham comes into view to speak “Laurena Baxter is here detained in the lobby demanding for the Master while she seemingly angry about something.” 
He sighs and gets up shutting off the TV and takes the elevator to the lobby. 
Jinks sees Laurena who signs with her hands and arms covered with wire like gloves giving off an electronic female voice speaking “I’m demanding for my son back!” 
Jinks signed “I don’t have your son.”
Jinks continue to sign “You lied to me about being married including your name while living with me pregnant with my child.” adds “You had the opportunity to reveal the deception.” 
Laurena he sees looks more angry again snarls signing “I’m accuses you of stealing my child for retaliating against the trickery!” which he interrupts signing the words “You bitch!” 

“I’m unsure of what the term bitch meant.” writes Brandis.

Jinks see a shocked expression on her face despite anger in her eyes.  
He signs to Laurena “I will have nothing to do with you. I will do what it takes to keep the child away from you-“
She interrupts signing despite her arm device speaking her words that again “I’m accusing the Master of kidnapping my son which I know he did it.” 
Jinks sign “Laurena will have no say in her son’s life if he is in my possession. I will do what it takes to raise him to believe his mother abandoned him.” 
Laurena he sees bares her teeth and form changes into a white wolf that charges at him which he grabs the head and easily tosses the wolf throwing it towards the wall. The wolf’s form changes into Laurena whose feet hits the wall and she jumps down hands fists. 
He verbally orders to his Highlander guards “You’re to escort her out now!” and signs to Laurena “You’re to leave!” 
She charges at him in a Human form which he uses his raised leg to kick her in the stomach with his foot hard in a karate move which she bents down appearing to suffer pain. 
He grabs the back of her head by her hair in a tight hold and hauls her to the doors pushing her form towards them and then hears her arm device give off words saying “You’re a sick bastard to do this to me.”  

“Unsure of what the wording bastard means.”

Jinks response walk away turning his back and he gets attacked from behind by her hitting his back. Jinks whirls around to push her onto the floor and gets into an elevator alone. A white wolf sneaks into the elevator form turning into an angry Laurena who attacks him clawing his face with her nails. Jinks feels rage grabs her neck lifting her up dangling her feet putting her back to a wall and repeatedly punches her front over and over allowing rage to overtake him as she claws his hand with her hands. The Master takes control taking away his rage and he feels an urge to mate hitting him hard. Jinks releases Laurena to pull at his pants freeing himself as she lifts up her skirt and she tears part of her underwear to get access to get inside her and lifts her up hands holding her hips as her legs wrap around him and rams himself inside her while feeling her hands on his shoulders nails digging in them. He does ramming mating in a fast motion while feeling charges of pleasure hitting him intensively each time he enters her and senses she’s feeling the same by her form shaking a bit. Jinks spill he inside her to gasp loudly from an intense charge of pleasure hitting him making him shake a bit. Jinks gasps repeatedly then breathes hard through his mouth while having his cheek touching Laurena’s cheek. Jinks feels she’s calmed down from her anger as he feels the Master willed away from him but still in the back of his mind inside him. He feels the urge to mate is still within him does another round of mating with Laurena by changing his thrusting technique to do a pestle like thrust while having his cheek touch hers. He feels from touching her cheek Laurena’s head thrusting up and her hands running through his hair yanking at them. Jinks senses she’s feeling sexually aroused like he is from her chest thrust forward to touch his chest. He feels the same feeling from the first mating happening in the second mating and with a jerk spills himself inside her who the feeling of pleasure makes him shake while sensing her shaking from a feeling hitting her and feels the mating urge gone from him. He feels the elevator moving up releases his hold on her to pull out as she releases her hold on him. He adjusts his clothes as she does the same him not looking at her while feeling she’s not looking at him. He folds his arms to stare at the elevator doors as the elevator continues its motion.
Jinks hears Laurena’s device go off words saying “I’m on those pregnancy preventive pills on my doctor’s orders for the doctor says ‘Your body needs recovery time from carrying your son and another pregnancy too soon will cause problems.’” 
He nods his head an up and down bob but doesn’t look at her as the elevator stops at a floor showing the penthouse and he walks out with Laurena to meet Willingham who signs while verbally saying his words “I’m to escort the Master and Laurena to the dining room.”   
He goes to the dining room to see Roberta holding his son which Laurena runs into his view to grab the baby from Roberta and appears to be cuddling the baby close to her in a tight hold. He watches as she goes to a chair and sits adjusting her top baring a breast and brings the baby to it to suck her nipple. 
Jinks sees a far away look comes to Laurena’s face and hears Roberta say “Laurena has zoned out judging by the look on her face.” 
He sits next to Laurena to stare at her with his arms folded watching both her face and the baby are sucking. He frowns as Laurena’s face changes from blank to annoyance as she lifts the baby up and adjusts her top to pat the baby’s back while having his head over her shoulder. He continues to stare at Laurena whose eyes look in his direction with annoyance in them. 
Jinks signed “I’ll do what it takes to make sure that the baby I names as Nathan is aware of his parentage. That includes what his mother and her husband did to the father to get him to exist.”  
He sees a frown appear on Laurena’s face with annoyance becoming more apparent in her eyes that narrow staring at him in a glare. Jinks glares back at Laurena who adjusts the baby to lay him on her lap and her top.
She signs “I detected the balcony doors opening from an air draft and smelled your scent I recognized. I was going to confront you on your sneaking in visit after putting the baby in the crib. You wound up confirming your presence by putting me to sleep with some mental power. I’m aware that only you have the ability to do it from being told by my husband who hasn’t given an explanation to how he got the information.” 
Jinks frown as Laurena continues “I woke up by myself a few hours before sunrise and went to check on the baby. I saw him gone and figured that you kidnapped him. It took me past sunrise and most of the morning to figure out where you went with my son with the help of some sources.
They told me ‘The Master wasn’t in the army group.’
I figured you were in New York City in the penthouse. I acquired a cab to drive me there to confront you on the kidnapping.” 
Jinks folds his arms as Willingham comes into view to stand facing him while waving his hands towards Laurena who looks at the butler who signs “Senator Baxter has sent a car that is outside waiting. He has sent an invitation for Master Jinks to come visit his house in New Jersey. He has insisted that Master Jinks accept the invitation to see the environment his son will be raised in.” 
Jinks turned his attention towards Laurena who signs to him signing “You should keep your mouth shut about the kidnapping or I’ll personally attend to you physically. I mean it.” 
Jinks doesn’t sign a comment gets up as Laurena gets up carrying the baby and he follows her to the elevator which takes them to the lobby. Jinks follows her outside to see a limo sitting besides the curb with a Highlander in a driver’s uniform which he gets in following Laurena. He sees Laurena yawn very hard repeatedly from sitting next to him and he reaches over and puts her on his lap pulling her to lean against him while feeling no protest from her as she falls asleep. He adjusts a sleeping Nathan to lie on her lap which he keeps a hand on his son and his other hand on Laurena as they both sleep while he stares out the window at the scenery as the car drives through New York City.  He sees the car drive on a bridge with other cars on it and then drives through a forest main road then turns into a back road then stops for a bit. Jinks spots the fence he saw the previous night and watches as the car drives pass the fence through an opening and then goes on a driveway to reach the house. Jinks see gonoids appearing to be dogs about ten of them wandering around the large front porch of the house heads looking at the car. He gently wakes Laurena who stirs picking up Nathan and he puts her off his lap as the driver opens the door and he gets out followed by Laurena. He eyes the dogs that bound down the stairs howling the eerie noises he heard the previous night.
Jinks figured “The noises were them not Amula wolves that sounded that noise.” 
He sees the Senator come walking down the stairs looking a little relieved to see Laurena his eyes on his wife who walks up to him which he hugs and kisses as Jinks follows Laurena to stand next to them. He senses the dogs’ curiosity by them poking their noses at him and appearing to smell his sensitive part from their noses touching him there along with them touching his legs and feet followed by some of them rubbing their flanks on his legs. Jinks eye the Senator who turns his attention towards him with a frown on his face and some shocked expression in his eyes. 
The Senator speaks verbally “The guard dogs are trained to be suspicious of strangers. Their trained to be friendly towards myself and Laurena and appears to be friendly towards the Master judging by their behavior towards him.”   
He gets the meaning of the Senator’s words that tell him “The dogs are doing an out of character behavior that is shocking the Senator.” 
Hence the look in his eyes to nod his head in a short bob and then the Senator requests him to come along which he follows the Senator and Laurena carrying Nathan up the porch steps to a set of wooden double doors that are open. He walks inside following them going hallways and rooms till they reach a dining room where there is food in dishware on the table in two spots and he spies a glass cup filled with pink liquid in a spot and figures its for him which he sits at the table across from Laurena with the Senator at the head of the table on his right. He drinks the glass’ liquid recognizing it as strawberry milkshake as the Senator and Laurena eat the food with silverware and both signing with one hand.
Jinks read the Senator talking to Laurena “How about your visit to New York City to see the Master with Nathan? You were taking a cab to get there the limo not being available.” He notices a look in the Senator’s eyes that his senses blare tells him “The Senator is aware of me kidnapping Nathan the fact that Laurena hasn’t told her husband of it.”
As she replies to her husband signing “The cab ride went fine but traffic was horrible getting to the Master’s building and took a long, long time.” 
He finishes his drink to set the glass on the table to watch as the Senator tells Laurena “I’ve been called to Washington D.C. by the King ordering a meeting of Senators. The King emphasizing about some past law that need to be adjusted. People were taking advantage of a loophole to do criminal behavior.” 
He sees a frown appear on Laurena’s face as the Senator adds “Laurena, you can’t come with me this time.” and then the Senator turns his attention towards Jinks to speak while signing his words “I is extending the Master’s stay to give my wife company while I is gone just so she won’t be lonely.” 
He frowns inwardly to see a frown in Laurena’s face which he signs “I’m willing to stay and keep Laurena, company.” 
He watches as the Senator signs back to Laurena “I have to leave to the airport right away.” 
Jinks watches as the Senator gets up and kisses Laurena looking crestfallen on the lips then walks out of the room. He eyes Laurena looking a little sad holding Nathan gets up with him following her going through hallways and rooms to a stairwell going up going pass double doors to reach a set in the hallway to open them with a hand and he sees the room he recognizes as the one he snuck into the previous night. He watches as Laurena puts Nathan in the crib then eyes her taking off the wire gloves putting them on a dresser.
This followed by her signing to him “Please watch the baby for I want to go take a shower.” 
He nods his head as she goes to doorway closing the door behind her and he goes to the rocking chair to sit eyes on the crib and hears Nathan give off a wailing crying noise. Jinks recognizes the sound as the baby’s hunger sound which he gets up and goes to the crib to pick up the baby and holds him and goes to the rocking chair to sit. He stares at Nathan who has his mother’s green eyes and shows hints of Amula in him by the eyes changing to wolf like and Human back. He smiles a small smile and feels peacefulness holding his son as he stares at him. He continues to stare at his son who he senses is comforted being held by him despite feeling hungry and then Laurena comes into view leaning over him taking the baby from his arms. He gets up and stands next to the rocking chair as she sits in it to adjust her dress baring a breast and aims Nathan to her nipple which he puts a hand on her shoulder to stare at his son sucking Laurena while watching the look in Nathan’s eyes change from hunger to content. He continues to watch unaware of the time staring at Nathan who stops sucking to yawn and he watches as Laurena puts him on her shoulder patting his back then adjusts her dress to cover her breast then carries the baby to the crib putting him inside it. 
He stares at Laurena who signs “I’ll ring for a servant to bring you to a guest room.” 
Jinks don’t protest to her words as she goes to a wall to pull on a rope several jerks and he hears a bell ringing noise sounding very loudly. He frowns as Laurena goes to an armchair to sit eyes on the door which he sees a light flashing above followed by the door opening showing a woman looking a little old wearing a maid uniform coming in the room. 
Jinks watch as Laurena signs to the woman calling her “Coretta to get Jinks Montreal to a guest room to stay in.” 
He sees Coretta look his way then signs her agreement then walks out which he follows going down the hallway to a set of doors.
Coretta opens verbally speaking “Everything you needs is in the room for you.” 
He speaks “Thank you.” 
Jinks walks inside the room to see it’s a smaller bedroom with a door way in the wall. 
He thinks “Leads to the bathroom.” 
Jinks feels himself a little itchy goes into the doorway to see it’s a bathroom with a tub and a shower stall strips himself of his clothes to shower cleansing himself then after that walks out to grab a towel off the sink counter and dries himself. Jinks gets a weird sense feeling that tells him to wear his clothes and shoes which he puts on his form and then goes to the window to stare outside at the sun setting going down the horizon. He eyes the bed feeling he to wide awake and sits in the arm chair to let his thoughts wander. His senses abruptly blare a warning as he hears dogs barking outside sounding like their sounding the alarm. Jinks get a feeling to check on Laurena darts out of the room towards Laurena’s room. Jinks finds the door unlocked lets he inside to see the lights are on and Laurena is appearing to be asleep on the bed lying on her stomach. She shakes her form head turning in his direction to look at him. He hears a sound like a helicopter coming closer to the house and peers through the window around the shades struggling to see the helicopter which he doesn’t see. His senses blare telling him to back away from the windows which he does as Laurena he sees out the corners of his eyes is looking at him with confusion. 
He signs “I’m hearing a helicopter.” 
Then the noises gets louder sounding like its hovering over the house followed by the windows and the balcony doors smashing apart as figures wearing army combat gear come barging from outside. Jinks spot them carrying guns in their hands. He puts up a fight as they attack him and sees them attacking Laurena who puts up a fight and sees them knock her out with a syringe injected in her neck. He battles the figures with karate who seem too numerous and gets darted by one of them injecting a syringe in his neck from behind and the drug takes effect knocking him to the floor, he goes unconscious.  

Jinks dreamed of a young male appearing to be a child with long black hair, pointed ears all white Shadonian eyes and tan skin with fanged teeth shown wearing a white skirt wrapped around the waist staring out an open window in a room with walls appearing to be stone. 
He heard a name “Osiris.” 
Jinks watched as Osiris he assumed acted like he heard his name called walked from the window to the door and then spun around as a flash of light was seen from behind him. Osiris he saw appeared to stare with shock seeing a female form appearing to be an adult wearing a blue jumpsuit and black hair with a Human form standing in the room that abruptly crumbled to the ground. Osiris with hesitance in his movements went to the female to kneel next to her poking her with a clawed finger on her stomach. Osiris abruptly withdraws his hand like he touched something hot as a crack sound was heard. The female he saw Human’s form burst apart falling into dirt showing a female child with appearance identical to Osiris. The appearance is by the face looking asleep while wearing a white strapless dress on her form. Osiris reached out a hand and the female woke up with a gasp showing Human golden eyes that appeared to be nervous as they fell on the male. 
Jinks heard Osiris speak “Isis.” 
He watched as the female and Osiris got up hugging each other in a tight grip as the scene went black. 

Jinks came to feel he lying on a bed still wearing his clothes and there was an oxygen mask on the lower half of his face. He felt wooziness opened his eyes to see a blurry figure’s head in his eyes sight and felt a headache of his mind being scanned. The figure’s features came into view showing an adult version of Osiris staring at him while wearing a bottle like crown on his head with two small golden like snakes jutting from the crown. Jinks blinked his eyes staring at the figure as he felt air pushed into him from the oxygen mask that was making him sleepy and the sleepiness persisted making him shut his eyes falling asleep. 

Jinks dreamed of the figure wearing robes and a skirt talking to a figure with similar appearance on the face but dressed in just a skirt. He watched words unheard as the crowned figure walked away turning his back to the other figure and stiffened seeing the other figure pull out a knife and charged to the crowned figure putting it in the crowned figure’s back who fell to his knees then crumbled to the ground. The scene changed to show an eyes sight point of view of lying under a forest of trees moaning in pain as five figures walked in the eyes sight. He saw four men with all black eyes and a young girl child with Shadonian white eyes. One of the men with long black hair walked out of view and the eye sight twisted to the side as if put to the side and there was a loud groan of pain. The eye sight jerk as if the head shook then the eye sight was put back facing the men as if laid on the back. The eye sight focused on the black haired man holding a knife with red blood on it stained the blade as the young girl child leaned down putting a hand on eye sight’s body. There was a loud groan sound that changed to a moan of pleasure then the young girl placed a hand on the eye sight’s eyes forcing them closed. The view changed to show the crowned figure lying on a beach that jerked his eyes open with a start staring at the palm trees overhead then gave out a loud groan noise shutting his eyes as a loud crack sounded followed by the body shriveling to dirt. In the body’s place was a Human man with long black hair Jinks dreaming recognized as Lance Richard complete with the medieval clothing without his crown on his head that jerked his eyes open and sat up. 
He heard words spoken in a Shadonian accent in a male tone “Osiris.” 
The view went black. 

Jinks came to with his eyes closed to find himself lying on something feeling like a couch and his right ear was very itchy. He reached with a hand and gave the ear several hard scratches till he heard ahem sound sounding in a Shadonian accent in a male tone. Jinks jerked his eyes open showing night vision to see the ceiling made out of metal. Jinks sat up to face a few meters ahead of him besides the couch was a large glass window with curtains besides it showing a large giant walkway down below the window with people appearing to be Shadonians wandering around. He heard the ahem sound again looked at his right to see sitting in a couch opposite from him was a Shadonian wearing clothing similar to the Shadonians outside the window and behind the Shadonian and couch were two Shadonians wearing metallic like clothing close to their body forms with long sticks with a flower end in one of their hands eyes appearing to be narrowed staring at him. 
The Shadonian on the couch spoke words that took him a bit to understand the language was Basic the international language saying “About time you woke up.”
He pulled his legs off the couch to sit facing the Shadonian who gestured with a hand towards the low table between them while again speaking “Have a drink, I think you need it.” 
Jinks looked at the table to see a large cup appearing to be filled with thick liquid which he picked up and took a sip discovering it was strawberry milkshake gulped the contents down till there was nothing left then placed the cup back on the low table to stare at the Shadonian. 
The Shadonian spoke “I should introduce myself. I’m High Lord Torvid ruler of the Shadonia. Pleasant to meet you Jenks Minstrel and excuse the way I said your name. It’s quite common among Shadonian males to speak non Shadonians’ names wrong.”
Jinks frowned but kept his mouth shut as there was a door opening sound and he looked at his right to see a female Shadonian walking into the room from a doorway speaking in gibberish which he figured was foreign language. 
He heard the High Lord speak in Basic again to him “I must take this so feel free to wander around the room but don’t leave. We’re highly suspicious of visitors.” 
Jinks frowned some more and got up from the couch going behind it to stare at the open doorway as the High Lord and the female chatted in their foreign language. He eyed a wall filled with objects appearing to be books sitting next to the open doorway and with a shrug walked towards them. He reaching the books reached out a hand and felt a pulling sensation that told him his hand was being guided towards a book which he tracked till it landed on a book at his waist height. He felt the book’s thickness gently pulled it out and with his other hand pulled it open to show part of the book was cut out to hold an object his eyes saw was a necklace chain with a crystal like pendant attached. He reached with a hand and lifted the pendant out and then with his other hand put the book back into the bookcase. He unclasped the clasp and placed the necklace around his neck that felt like a choker necklace but with room for him to breathe. Jinks felt a charge of electrical currents come from the necklace hitting him as he shut his eyes fisting his hands. He saw an image of himself with longer hair lying in a bed with a female he recognized as Orria. He saw himself take off the necklace he saw was identical to the one he put on and placed it around Orria’s neck followed by her laughing with a cruel look in her eyes as she placed a hand on his forehead and he jerked falling back into the bed. The view changed to show himself as Lance Richard without the crown on his head walking in a field with a sword in his hand among figures wearing armor busy fighting each other not noticing him. Lance he saw had an angry look on his face raised the sword up as a figure on a horse arrived charging at him. Lance he saw held up a bare hand waving it as the horse reared up throwing the rider off of him that fell off hitting the ground. Lance walked to the rider yanking off the helmet showing a male Human, Jinks recognized as King George looking dead by the deadened look in his open eyes. Lance reached around King George’s neck and pulled off a necklace he recognized as the one he gave Orria and then placed it around his neck followed by grabbing the helmet and yanking off the crown off it and placed it on his head.  Lance put away the sword and went to the horse getting on it and rode away through the fighting. The view changed to show him standing next to a bed with Orria lying on it looking pale which he held up a hand and curled it into a fist as a pained look arrived to the woman’s face followed by her appearing to be choking by her hands clawing her throat before becoming still with open eyes giving a deadened look as the scene went black.

Jinks felt himself back in the High Lord’s room still standing with hands fisted. He opened his eyes and raised his left hand showing the scar and stared at it. He watched as the scar faded from view with the hand’s skin repairing itself showing no scar left in place. He fisted his hand as a whining like squeal was heard on his right side which he saw a figure his senses told him was an Annukai standing there with a gun object pointed at him. 
Jinks eyed the Annukai who spoke in a sneering voice in Basic “The necklace, you will give it to me.” 
Jinks’ senses blared as he sensed two life forms on the Annukai one he recognized as a spider a large tarantula and the other a large hand sized dormant scorpion his eyes saw was both on the Annukai’s left arm. He eyed the Annukai who again gave out his demand repeating his words. Jinks allowed the Master through and uncurled his left hand and fisted it hard as the Annukai bent down groaning a bare hand touching the chest area. 
He mentally ordered “Spider, sting the scorpion now.”  
He kept his hand fisted as the spider he eyed reared up with fangs and stung the scorpion which unclasped itself from the Annukai’s arm and fell apart in pieces as the Annukai he saw groaned loudly before falling to the floor form still. Jinks eyed the Annukai who appeared to be asleep by the eyes’ closed with chest up and down as if breathing as he willed the Master away. He heard nothing from the Shadonians in the room and sensed them watching him by his right ear itching again. He turned around and saw the Shadonians were all looking at him with blank expressions on their faces as he went to a couch and sat opposite from the High Lord with the Shadonians watching his move. Jinks frowned as the High Lord spoke in foreign language then the female Shadonian walked away and he heard a door closing sound. 
The High Lord spoke “Osiris, deity God of the underworld, a legend and a secret among my family line that has been passed as a story from parent to child. An ancient family legend says that a predecessor named Torvid and his mate came upon a male matching the description of a deity God of the Underworld named Osiris sick on the ground and were compelled to stand over watching him. Torvid who I have taken his name for his honor observed Osiris’ body form turn into dirt revealing Human male wearing different clothing in his place.”
Jinks stiffened hearing the High Lord’s words as he recalled a dream of Osiris changing into Lance as the High Lord continued speaking “Now according to legend the Human male refused to give out a name but taught Torvid the language of Basic.
He said to Torvid ‘I’ll return when the Shadonia needed me.’ 
Later another predecessor named Vinissa at her old age revealed a secret to her offspring. She told of being kidnapped by a Drainer named Hades and a Shadonian male named Horan later her mate wound up getting himself taken with her. They were brought to a cave in a gorge valley on a sand storm island. Hades for some reason according to Vinissa smelled blood of a Human that was driving the Drainer crazy to attack the walls of the cave causing the cave to shake. Vinissa and Horan managed to escape before the entrance collapsed. The secret Vinissa revealed was that she and Horan were traveling towards a Shadonian seaport on the island when a sand storm arrived and the only shelter was a giant boulder. They clung to and sensed a figure smelling of a Human in the vicinity as the storm blew. The blowing sand they discovered refused to hit them but acted like it was repelled away from them which they saw a figure matching the Human Osiris’ description nearby them waving his hands.  Vinissa figured out that Human Osiris was manipulating the sand to avoid hitting them hence it being repelled. This continued till night fall when the storm stopped and Human Osiris sunk into the earth disappearing from view. Vinissa and Horan as a result were able to get to the seaport without any problems.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as the High Lord paused to scratch his ear then continued to speak “One of Vinissa’s offspring a son named Vinran revealed a secret to his offspring before he passed away cycles after Vinissa passed away. His secret was Human Osiris came to him while he was in a forest struggling to find food. Human Osiris he told led him to a large cave with doors inside and with a wave of hand got the doors opened which revealed a huge hallway ramp going down. Human Osiris insisted to Vinran to go inside which he did and discovered the Shadonia’s current home including technology and all the things to survive living there came with it. His discovery was during the time of the Shadonia having a civil war. Their High Lord went missing unexpectedly and leaving no heir old enough to take his place. Vinran managed to share the cave’s contents with the other Shadonia but omitted that Human Osiris revealed it to him. The Shadonia later declared Vinran High Lord and stopped their civil war. As for Vinran he with help of technology managed to pass on a tradition of leaving instructions of who will take his place as High Lord in case of his heir not old enough to take his place. This came in handy when my predecessor High Lord Sherey passed away unexpectedly of a medical ailment leaving no heir old enough to take his place. He did leave instructions to have me take his place as High Lord which I am ruling now.” 
Jinks yawned unexpectedly putting a hand over his open mouth. 
He heard the High Lord speak again “Feel free to lie down on the couch if you’re tired.” 
Jinks obeyed laying his form on the couch and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks woke up feeling he lying in a bed with an oxygen mask on the lower half of his face. His mind was being scanned by a Highlander he saw was in view leaning over him while staring at him along with feeling a cold smooth hand touching his cheek as he was being scanned. 
Jinks mentally spoke with eyes on the Highlander “What happened to me?”
He saw the Highlander’s mouth move words spoken in gibberish he figured was a foreign language followed by another Highlander accent speaking in identical foreign language. Another Highlander appeared in view leaning over him opposite from the first spoken Highlander. He stared at them as they both continued to speak in foreign language then stopped as the second Highlander left his view. Jinks felt the air of the oxygen mask blow harder into him who he was forced to breathe and felt sleepiness hitting him. He blinked his eyes resisting against the sleepiness till it became dominant and he shut his eyes passing out.

Jinks woke up with a start to feel a foot connecting with his stomach. He felt the ground was appearing to be made out of metal jerked open his eyes. He looked at the foot’s owner to see it belonged to a manoid figure with a Human like muscular form with a white skirt wrapped around and a Jackal head. Jinks stared at sensing the figure was familiar like he knew him from somewhere. He saw the Jackal head figure point a clawed finger at a direction while gesturing with his head. Jinks got up and saw the room was familiar like he had been there before and saw the High Council sitting in chairs appearing to be staring at him. Jinks frowned as he got a bad headache placed a hand on his head as blackness arrived to his eyes sight and saw the ground rushing to meet him. Jinks felt the ground by his cheek and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks woke up feeling he lying in bed with confusion running through him. He felt like something was missing from him but couldn’t place it. He struggled to remember what it was but no memory of it came. He sat up from the bed and looked around the metal walled room seeing nothing in it but the bed jutting from the wall and saw a doorway on his right. He went to the doorway and looked to see it was a bathroom complete with a pedestal sink, a toilet and a shower stall with a curtain. Sighing he left the bathroom and spied a blank door in the wall facing him which he walked around the bed and went to the door putting a hand on it which slid open. He walked out into a hallway and frowned senses blaring as a figure dropped down from the ceiling to face him. He saw the figure was appearing to be a male with a large jewel on his forehead surrounding by a circle of jewels on it. 
He frowned at the familiarity feeling as the figure spoke in a male voice “Welcome, the species name is Listener. I’ll show you where to go so follow me.” 
Jinks obeyed following the Listener who led him down the hallway pass doors in the wall on his left to a set of double doors in the wall on his right and entered. He saw other Listeners about six of them he counted gathered around a bar on stools with one of them acting as Bartender and spied padded chairs scattered around the room. He saw two Highlanders male and female that gave him sinister looks on their faces from their stool perches in front of the bar nearest him and saw a male Shadonian standing in front of a glass wall which his senses blared familiarity.  He stared at the Shadonian who appeared to stare back at him from drinking from a gold cup and saw the glass wall was flashing scenes he felt were of outer space. Jinks walked into the room to an empty stool between the Listeners and the Highlanders. He sat frowning as a gold cup was set in front of him and he feeling himself thirsty lifted the cup to his lips taking a sip feeling the liquid burn his throat. He felt a compulsion feeling to gulp it down hit him hard which he obeyed till there were none left and then stood up from the stool blinking his eyes as he felt himself passing out. 

Jinks woke up back on his familiar bed feeling himself sick in his stomach. He got up and woozily darted to the bathroom to the toilet. Jinks kneeled and threw up repeatedly coughing up dark liquid that gave him a bad taste in his throat. He coughed out liquid as he again threw up and then felt himself better but tired which he left the bathroom going to the bed and threw himself on it on his stomach and shut his eyes.  

He woke up feeling a little angry but unsure of why he was angry went into the bathroom to eye the shower. Jinks stripped his clothes and showered using the soap dispenser. He sensed the water wasn’t fresh but salt water of the ocean that confused him as his senses again blared which bothered him but he dismissed the feeling. Once done he walked out to grab a towel drying himself and put on his clothes he eyed were white pants and a white long sleeve top. 
He got an image of the Highlanders wearing white clothing flashing in his mind told him “My clothes were the same as theirs.” 
Jinks went to the bedroom as he got a memory flashing in his mind of himself looking like a Shadonian but having tan skin telling off a Shadonian wearing a headband and a white skirt in a hallway with blue walls while holding a gold cup in his hand. 
He frowned as the memory persisted of him calling the Shadonian, “Captain Taris! You fool!” 
This was followed throwing the cup’s liquid in the Shadonian’s face then tossing the cup to the wall which stuck to it like a knife. Jinks frowned with confusion as the memory left him as an image of the male Shadonian in the bar room flashed in his mind. 
Jinks assumed to he “The male Shadonian and Captain Taris were the same.” 
He left the bedroom entering the hallway to the bar room with a glare on his face. He reached the bar room to the bar to grab a cup from the bartender then went to the Shadonian throwing the cup’s contents in his face. 
He spoke “I’m not amused, Captain Taris.”
He saw the Shadonian’s eyes narrow that told him “I correctly guessed his name.” and tossed the cup to the bar wall which stuck to it like a knife. 
He walked off out of the room to the hallway and went to his bedroom to lie on the bed. He shut his eyes and fell asleep. 

Jinks jerked his eyes open hearing a roaring noise sounding in his mind which confused him as he saw a Listener leaning over him with a frown on the face. 
His eyes settled on the Listener who spoke “The High Council wants to see you.”
Jinks felt disgust at the words High Council as he got up and followed the Listener out of the bedroom to the hallway following till they reached a large door in the wall on his left which opened showing an all white hallway with a doorway at the end. The Listener he saw gestured towards the doorway which he walked into the hallway going to the doorway to see a male figure wearing an eye mask showing glowing golden eyes peering out with pointed ears of a Highlander standing in front of a console in a small sitting room.  
He frowned as the Highlander he assumed spoke in a rude tone “Sit down and put the blindfold on now. I haven’t gotten all day.”
Jinks obeyed spotted an eye wear mask on a chair which he went to sit and placed it over his eyes strapping it to his head. He frowned feeling the motions of a twisty roller coaster moving up and down hills repeatedly that made him feel nervous enough to make his stomach upset. 
He felt the roller coaster stop and heard the Highlander’s irate voice speaking “You’re here at your destination so take off the blindfold and beat it.” 
He yanked off the eye wear mask and walked out of the room to a vast in overhead and width hallway which he saw the male Shadonian there. 
He stared at the Shadonian who spoke in a familiar voice that confused him “I go by the name of Nameless now. So don’t forget that.”
Jinks frowned to bob his head towards Nameless who turned and walked away with him following. 
He saw Nameless paused at a large opening in the hallway walls but felt a pull feeling which overpowered him to take control going past the opening with Nameless he heard following him speaking “Hello? Where are you going?”
He walked till he reached a large opening in a hallway wall and walked passed it to see a round metal gate arch standing in the middle of the room as three figures appeared in whining squeal sounds in front of it. He frowned seeing they all had manoid bodies with gonoid heads with staffs in their hands edge tips pointed at him. 
He heard Nameless speak “Don’t challenge Anubis, Osiris.”
Jinks frowned as the name Anubis feeling it familiar to him as the name Osiris as Nameless again repeated his words with a compelling voice tone. He frowned and turned around to follow Nameless out of the room to the hallway to another large opening in the wall. Jinks walked through following the Shadonian to see nine figures in covered up robes sitting in chairs at one end with two figures on a set of stairs in front of them. He stared at the figures one that had wings with a male form wearing a skirt and a scaly grey skin waving a sword while the other had purple skin with a Shadonian appearance on the face in a female form waving a staff stick with a long sword end. 
He heard a male voice come from the male winged figure speaking “I heard a rumor about our guest calling himself Osiris and insulting the Listeners with a strange name meaning hater in foreign language.” 
He frowned as Nameless spoke “Its no rumor. Our guest drank the drink and after that acted out of it under the drink’s influence calling he Osiris repeatedly when introducing himself to the others. He kept calling me Captain Taris despite me repeatedly telling him the name was Nameless. He called the Listeners by the word Annukai repeatedly. He put up a big fight fighting their attempts to knock him out till I managed to hit him on the head with my cup that stopped his fighting attempts. They managed to knock him out and put him in his quarters to bed.”
Jinks felt a bad headache hitting his head as Nameless paused from talking. He saw a door in his mind burst open in pieces showing smoke pouring out of it as he recalled who he was Jinks Montreal. He felt his left ear itchy scratched it hard to see the gonoid head figures disappear from sight as if going into a hidden invisibly state. He felt pressure on his arm followed by a humming sound and felt a hand clawed on his other arm in an ironclad grip pulling him from the room into the hallway which his senses told him not to resist. Jinks felt himself led to the gate room and pushed through the gate to find himself in a forest and he felt the pressure feeling on his arm go away followed by a fainting feeling which made him shut his eyes hitting the dirt ground unconscious. 

Jinks woke up eyes focused on a round curved wall seeing it was a hut with a blanket on his form that felt like gonoid skins. He looked at his left to see a figure a Highlander appearing to have golden eyes that seemed familiar. 
He spoke recognizing her as a grown up version of Isis “Isis.” 
He stared at Isis who frowned abruptly brought a hand over his eyes forcing them closed and he passed out. 

He woke up lying on something wooden that was moving like over water and sat up to look around. He saw a male wearing grey robes with a Human looks and brown hair but had Shadonian eyes which he eyed as he stood up. 
The male spoke “Osiris, I believe you know him.”  
Jinks sighed as the male continued to speak “Osiris is hurt from his twin brother stabbing him in the back. He is suffering from the pain of not knowing what happened to Isis and his son Horus after he was disposed.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as the scene went black. 

Jinks woke up back in the hut feeling himself better and got up walking out of the hut to stare at identical huts scattered around with Humans all having golden eyes wandering around with Highlanders in the vicinity. He frowned as one of the Humans with all white hair and white gonoid skin clothing walked to stand in front of him while holding a really thick book in his hands. 
He stared at the Human who spoke “Our racial name is Hayu, don’t mistake us as Human. Here read this. It’ll answer some questions you might have.” 
He frowned as the book was thrust towards him which he gripped and sat down putting it on his lap. He turned the cover to see a picture of a male’s face with black hair and golden eyes identical to the male Hayu’s face who handed him the book. Jinks pulled up a page and began reading the book. 

Writes Brandis “I have no memory of the book’s contents despite Jinks’ thoughts overheard repeatedly saying ‘Horus Son of Osiris! The book is on him!’”

Jinks paused when he came upon the words “Horus, son of Osiris” again thinking his thought 
He stiffened realizing via thought “The book was about Osiris’ son Horus and his life on a planetary world named Terrania.” 
He frowned as he continued to read the book till he reached the last page detailing via thought of the memory “Horus seeing an overhead view of a couple mating with the female having his mate’s Georgina Visser’s face. The male, as recognized was named Eric followed by the scene going black. Horus or Nikolas Visser as called himself, then waking up with eyes sight staring at Eric’s chin as if held in his arms like a baby.” then the book ended.  
Jinks closed the book and placed it aside to stare at the ground with the books contents running through his mind. 
He felt his left ear itchy scratched it and heard a male guttural voice speaking “Excuse me for staring.”
Jinks looked at his left to see a figure sitting crossed legged inches away from him that made him look twice. He saw the figure was bony with bones sticking out on top of a muscular tan appearing to be naked male form with a Human like head and long black hair and golden eyes that reminded him of an Amula. 
He frowned as the figure spoke again “The racial name is Wiser and we’re from Shadan which is our home world. The High Council has a base there and that we travel from world to world giving out advice to races helping them in times of peril.” 
Jinks frowned at the Wiser’s words as the Wiser paused then continued speaking “On Shadan there are Meritanians you know them as sentient plant life forms that live on the ocean as Erra and Terra. The Meritanians are in dispute two sisters fighting with their brother dubbed Ramses who is said to transport their oldest sister Merra off Shadan the moment King Winter arrived with the U.S. land. The sisters Erra and Terra are angry at Ramses about that hence the dispute.”
Jinks frowned as the Wiser paused continued to speak “There’s a way of stopping the Meritanians’ dispute is to have Osiris heal from his pain. I’m sure you know what it is.”
Jinks nodded his head as the Wiser got up and gestured to him to do the same which he obeyed. 
He heard the Wiser speak “Follow me.” 
Jinks followed the Wiser through the camp and through the forest till they reached a metal gated arch in a clearing. 
He frowned as the Wiser spoke “Go through the gate.” 
Jinks obeyed as an image of a large room appeared in his mind which he concentrated on as he went through the gate. 
He appeared in the room to see Alexei looking surprised to see him speak “Highlanders in helicopter out there have requested for you. It seems that they knew that you were coming.”  
Jinks frowned as he followed Alexei out of the room to a helicopter which he got inside to see three Highlanders dressed in Master army clothing one who spoke “Wisers told us to show up at the Zesky hospital at a certain time asking for you.” 
He nodded his head and leaned back against the seat shutting his eyes as the helicopter took off in the air. He dreamed himself on the beach facing Lance who had irritation in his eyes. 
He stared at Lance who spoke with annoyance in his cruel voice tone “About time. I’ve been trying to contact you for awhile. I’m not pleased that you wound up in the High Council’s hands. Humph-“
Jinks interrupted “Horus.” 
He saw the irritation leave Lance’s eyes followed by sadness in them who reached a hand and covered his eyes as he found himself a bit a away from Lance on his side watching the male. He frowned as Lance kneeled putting arms around his form and giving off cries sounding like anguish while rocking his form back and forth slowly. He spied on the other side of Lance on the water were three figures all wearing white hooded robes with Human like faces and all black eyes. Two of the figures he saw appeared to be female and the third was a male which he saw they have their lips in a frown. He continued to watch Lance as four figures appeared behind him in a flash of light. He recognized them as Lord Teorjer, King Sea, Ellison Donovan and King Winter who had frowns on their faces. He continued to watch Lance as the Cold Lord looked his way walking up to him putting a hand over his eyes as the scene went black. 

Jinks woke up feeling a hand shaking him on the arm. He opened his eyes to see the Highlander guard was staring at him while feeling the helicopter stopped its motion. 
The Highlander spoke “We arrived, so get out.”   
Jinks got out of the helicopter to see Eagle standing a good distance away with arms folded a blank look on his face and eyes showing a glare in them. 
He felt the helicopter move behind him as he reached Eagle who spoke “Hit the mess hall and get something to eat, Ice.” 
Jinks nodded his head and went to the mess hall barrack getting some food on a tray in dishware which he sat and ate with gusto. He placed the tray and dishes away for washing then feeling he tired went to the sleeping barrack which he found his bed and got in shutting his eyes. Jinks felt he falling off the bed and jerked his eyes open to see himself falling in the air with the sunlight shining oddly to him. He looked down to see clusters of trees below him that formed a forest which he fell into a tree grabbing onto the branches breaking his fall with feet dangling. He adjusted his hold to sit on a tree branch eyes staring at the ground that appeared to be tan dirt which he saw a white tiger like gonoid walk by appearing to not detect him in the tree. He peered through the tree at the sun that shined in an odd position showing it was morning and not afternoon when he arrived at the army camp. 
Jinks frowns feeling confusion running through him “I’m wondering to how I got where I was.” 
His senses blared an alarm telling him to look down which his eyes focused on a spot in the bushes showing a male wearing a blue jumpsuit and an oxygen mask on the lower half of the face with thick clear tubes coming from it to the arms walk into view. He watched as the male walked up to his tree then looked up to stare right where he was showing golden glowing eyes with a blank facial look that creep him out as he felt a headache of his mine scanned. Jinks stared at the male who pointed a finger at him and gestured with his other hand to come down while narrowing his eyes. He felt compelled to obey climbed down from the tree to stand next to the male he saw was taller than him, him who reached him by the chest area who placed a Human like hand on his shoulder. Jinks felt his senses blare an alarm from the male’s touch as the male looked away towards the bushes while cocking his head. He eyed the bushes that rumbled showing six figures wearing multiple colored shiny outfits all with five appearing to have male forms and one with a female form. He frowned seeing their faces and ears were identical to the Shadonia but their skin were pale tanned and they had all black eyes with curly blonde hair with the female having hers longer. The males he saw towered above his height surrounded him grabbing him on the arms and hauled him through the bushes till they reached a clearing and he saw a helicopter sitting in it. He was hauled to it and gestured inside it by one of them pointing with a finger appearing to be gloved in black material. He got inside the helicopter followed by the female and he sat looking out the window feeling his mind scanned. He looked at the female who continue to stare at him with a blank expression on her face with eyes narrowed that gave him a creepy feeling. He ignored the feeling as the helicopter flew in the air flying over forests of trees and then flew over buildings that were shaped into a triangle that seemed too many followed by flying over buildings that appeared to be square and long in length with people he assumed scattered around down below. He frowned as a castle appeared in view followed by the helicopter landing in the courtyard and then he was gestured out by the female while feeling his mind stopped scanned. He obeyed getting out meeting males wearing boney armor holding staff sticks in their hands that gestured him to follow one of them. He followed the male till they reached a door way and went down a set of stairs then reached doorways in the walls which he was thrust into one of them and heard a whining squeal sound from behind. He turned around to see the doorway was flashing the color red which his senses told him not to touch. Jinks looked around the room seeing him in a small rectangular room with a mattress on the floor and something that appeared to be a toilet and sink in one corner opposite from the mattress. He went to the mattress and laid his form on it and shut his eyes. Jinks dreamed of a vast ocean water moving followed by a plant rose he recognized similar to Erra and Terra rising from the water spreading its petals. 
He heard a female voice speak “I am called Werra of this planetary world called Uzan.”
Jinks frowned as Werra continued to speak “A word of warning do not speak the word Moorra out loud no matter how tempted or you’ll be trapped to this world for a long time.”
He mentally spoke “Who are those people that put me here?”
Jinks heard Werra speak “Just Banshees. Don’t worry about them.” 
He heard nothing from Werra and the image went away as he slept. 

Jinks woke up feeling water sprayed on his face. He jerked his eyes open to stare at a male wearing a multi colored outfit that had black eyes narrowed in glare at him with a hand holding a cup. 
He sat up as the male spoke sounding like a Shadonian accent “Moorra.”
Jinks frowned remembering Werra’s warning kept his mouth shut as the male pointed a finger at him and spoke again “Moorra.” 
Jinks clamped his mouth shut staring at the male who continued to repeat his word repeatedly too many times while pointing a finger at him till he sounded like anger in his tone. Jinks stared at the male who’s form shredded backwards showing a figure he saw had a tan bony horse’s head with fanged teeth peering out of the mouth, tanned skin appearing to be bony with veins looking like they were popping and clawed hands and feet with eyes that eerie reminded him of the male Human wearing the oxygen mask. He frowned staring at the creature that opened its jaws and gave out a roaring noise that made him grimace for the sound hurt his ears. He heard a loud growling sound off his left looked to see a female in a Shadonian long haired blonde form wearing a blue body suit showing a Human female form with arms folded standing in front of the doorway eyes narrowed in a glare boring at the creature. He frowned as the creature shredded his form back into the blonde Shadonian that turned and bowed towards the female that gave him a creepy feeling with his senses blaring a warning. He eyed the female who made a head gesture and watched as the male walked out of the room passed her. 
Jinks eyed the female who spoke out loud in Summeran to his surprise “You had to warn him, did you Werra?”
He heard Werra’s familiar voice sounding in his mind “He’s not from Uzan but from another planet orbiting nearby in the sky. If you scan his mind you’ll see what I mean.”
Jinks frowned as the female eyed him as he felt his mind scanned. 
He heard Werra’s voice sounding annoyed “Oh no, you don’t! You’re not doing that to him!”
He heard the female speak “Werra he knows about us which is something we don’t want.” 
Jinks frowned as Werra spoke “Only another mind walking plant like I can find out about you via his mind for I made sure of that others won’t find out including doing what you’re trying to do to him.” 
He formed a frown on his lips eyes on the female who gave off a harrumph like sound then she spoke “Stranger don’t you have a name?”
He heard Werra speak “His name is Jay and that’s all you need to know about him. Just keep contact with your people and his exposure to them limited to a few people just so he won’t know much about you and your kind.”
Jinks stared at the female who spoke “Werra must you tell me what to do?”
Werra spoke “On the world he’s from he has a title like you do and is very important to people so don’t try to gain more information from him about where he’s from or who he is. I’ll block you.” 
Jinks felt confusion running through him wondering what Werra meant as the female gave off another harrumph like sound then he heard her speak “Werra, what am I supposed to do with him?”
He felt his confusion become more baffling as Werra spoke “Just get him to the gate and have him travel off planet back to his world.” 
He stared at the female as she spoke “Fine.” 
Jinks felt his senses blaring as the female stared at him while feeling his mind stopped scanning. He felt wooziness arrive hitting him that made him blink his eyes and then the wooziness became dominant that made him lie his form down and shut his eyes passing out. 

Jinks came to feel a blanket on his form covering him entirely while in a sitting position. He jerked opened his eyes yanking off the blanket to discover he was in some bricked alleyway and heard noises of people at one end. He got up yanking off the blanket to discover he was wearing shiny green pants, silver ankle length boots and a long sleeve top that was shiny silver like color. Jinks felt his senses blaring a warning looked around the alleyway to see the walls waver becoming smoke then became walls again. He felt confusion running through him walked towards the noises to reach the end of the alleyway to see people walking by that looked like humanoid versions of snakes, males wearing similar clothing as he was and females wearing green dresses with hoods covering the tops of their heads but baring their faces. Jinks frowned as the people appeared to be ghostly like then he squatted hiding behind a barrel an action that confused him despite his senses blaring warning. He heard a familiar roaring noise sounding within him figured it was the Master within sounding its noises willed it forwards. He heard several whining like squeals sounds on his right side turned to see three males standing facing him with gun like objects in their hands pointed at him. He straightened his form raising his hands in front of him while eyeing the males that looked at each other then gestured with their guns for him to walk forwards. He obeyed walking towards them seeing two dart forwards in super speeds grabbing his arms and putting them behind his back cuffing the wrists together. He felt himself forcefully pushed forwards through the crowd of people that didn’t seem to notice him. He frowned as the males took him to a building that reminded him of a church and he was thrust inside freed and then slammed the door shut behind him. Jinks looked to see the church pews were occupied by people appearing to be humanoid versions of Earth gonoids that were all looking at him with expressions he couldn’t read. He felt his feet move forwards walking the aisle between pews eyed by the races till he reached the front of the church to see a female Drainer sitting leaning back in a chair with feet on a table and an empty chair next to her. 
He frowned as the female Drainer spoke in Summeran with irritation in her voice “Move it Human, I haven’t gotten all day.”    
Jinks went to sit down on the chair and looked around the room to see opposite from him were three male snake manoids two standing with one sitting in front of a lap top computer appearing to be typing something while his companions were looking at his direction. He heard Shadonian spoken in front of him looked to see standing in a pulpit was a male Shadonian sounding annoyed. 
He heard the female Drainer speak “Says how you plead to the crime committed?”
Jinks’ senses blared a warning via thought “It’s warning me to keep my mouth shut.” 
Jinks clamped shut while looking at the male snake typing on the lap top. 
His senses blared a warning which told him “The male snake was manipulating the situation through his lap top computer.” 
He felt an urge to get up which overtook him and he got up to stand and then his feet led him past the table past the pulpit to a door in the wall which he opened walking through it. Jinks blinked his eyes to find himself standing in a hallway facing a male snake holding a dog’s leash in his hand that was attached to a dog he saw appeared to be a German Shepherd Dog. He saw doors at both ends of the hallway which his senses blared a warning, warning him not to go to those doors. 
He heard the male snake speaking in Summeran “You’re free to go. Take a door but choose wisely.”
Jinks eyed the doors then looked at the dog again as if drawn to see the dog glow a golden color which his senses blared telling him to touch the dog’s head. He reached out a hand and touched the dog on the head as the scene went black. 

Jinks came to find he in a cylinder tube standing underneath a light shining. He placed hands on the tube glass and pushed feeling the tube wall give away and he stepped out into the darkness night vision appearing in his eyes. He saw a figure barreling towards him seeing that it was a male snake wearing a space suit with face seen through the head gear. Jinks waved a hand mentally ordering the male to sleep. Jinks saw the male pause from running to shut his eyes falling forwards hitting the ground followed by the form becoming flat. He looked around to see a curved wall on his left and on his right were multiple cylinder tubes stuck in a wall with people inside them as far as he could see. His senses blared as he looked around telling him to turn around and walk which he obeyed walking past tubes holding people mostly Humans he saw both males and females. He walked past the space suit to see it was flat and continued walking sensing light shining dimly which he followed till he reached a large hallway on his right. His eyes made him look at his left at a cylinder tube in the wall that was entirely black. He stared at it as if drawn sensing a male snake in it which he held up a hand and mentally ordered the command for sleep as if compelled. He saw sparks flash from the tube turned and walked to the hallway seeing it end with a round circular like gated arch with smoke blowing between it. He walked towards it hearing a loud sound that reminded him of a horn as he walked through the gated arch to find himself in a stadium full of numerous people he saw were humanoid versions of Earth’s gonoids. He willed the Master away from him as three figures appeared in front of him whom he saw had gonoid heads with Human like muscular bodies and staffs in their clawed hands pointed at him. 
Jinks frowned hearing a loud male voice sounding in front of him speaking “Bring him to us now.”
He was roughly grabbed by two of the gonoid head persons that had bird heads hauling him forwards to he saw in front across from the stadium was a dais with nine hooded figures sitting in a row on it which he recognized as the High Council and their speakers in front of them.  Jinks felt the bird men pause as he heard a loud boom sound and turned around to look behind him. He saw the opening arch he came out was full of fire jutting from it. He frowned as he was roughly forced to turn around by the bird men and hauled forwards towards the dais he saw were the High Council and their speakers standing in front of the seated figures. 
He frown feeling annoyance as the winged male spoke “Time for us to go and meet elsewhere. We’ll be back.” 
He eyed the High Council who got up from their throne chairs and started walking between an opening of chairs entering an arch and disappearing into it in several flashes of lights. Jinks felt he hauled forward following the speakers up the dais to the arch which he was forced through it. He found himself in the familiar gate room and again forced out of the room to the massive hallway to an opening in the wall which he was forced to go through to see the familiar High Council’s dais room. Jinks felt himself stopped and felt a stick like object hit him on the back of his legs forcing him into a kneeling position which he knelt eyes on the chairs as the wall behind it separated with a rumbling noise. He watched as there were a set of stairs seen leading to a gated arch where High Council members were walking out of it down the stairs to the chairs. He kept his eyes on the High Council as they sat followed by their speakers going to stand in front of them at the steps leading to the dais. He felt a very intense shaking vibration that made him jerk his form all over which made him think it was an earthquake. 
He heard the High Council’s speakers say in unison “What’s going on?!”
He heard nothing to answer their question and frowned as he got an image in his mind of Lance from the waist up showing his hands up with palms up having lightening flashing from the palms and lightening flashing behind him. He saw Lance’s face had all black eyes with his lips curled into a sneering look with teeth bared as the earth continued to shake. 
Jinks frowned as he thought to he “Lance was causing the earthquake and wondered what the Meritanians were doing in response.” 
He felt sleepiness laid his form on the floor and shut his eyes.

Jinks dreamed of he standing next to Lance on a beach with water lapping it. He saw Lance facing the water where he saw three white robed figures a male and two females were kneeling on it looking like they had pain on their faces despite having Human looks and all black eyes. He watched as the three all pointed a robe covered finger towards him and looked at Lance who looked in his direction before folding his arms to turn facing him. Jinks frowned seeing Lance’s eyes turn from all black to blue Human eyes and there was an angry look on his face. 
He stared at Lance who spoke with anger in his voice “I’ve been trying to contact you for awhile. I’m angry that Ramses here admitted to transporting you off planet.”
He kept his mouth shut as the male hooded figure he assumes was Ramses spoke “I and my sisters from mind scans of people observed a planet in the sky, we have a theory that there are other plants like us scattered around the galaxy in planets.”
Jinks hear Lance give of a growling sound sounding angry to him.
Jinks looked at Ramses who continued speaking “I’ll explain something is a remark I said ‘Terra, put your name on it.’ 
It’s a message implanted in our messenger’s mind with Terra’s name as the message signatures which mentioned that there are three plants living in a planet named Shadan. Anyway I transported the messenger to the planet observed in the sky and the messenger came back with an implanted message that wasn’t from the three of us but from another plant named Werra.”
Jinks stiffened hearing the name of Werra recalling his time among the blonde Shadonians.
Ramses continued talking “This proves that there’s a plant living on that planet and possibly proves our theory that there are other plants living scattered around the galaxy in planets and not just in Shadan. “  
Jinks heard Lance speak “Well it appears that my earth shaking power has revealed as sign pointing to the location of the High Council’s base on Shadan. From the looks of elsewhere that the Humans and Shadonia are in process are starting a war with the High Council.” 
Jinks frowned as Lance continued speaking “The war is based on the High Council’s lies about Humans and getting the other races to view Humans with fear and as their enemy. The Shadonia has secretly viewed Humans as their allies while working in secret to help the Human race living on Shadan among the other races there who share their point of views towards Humans.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Lance he noticed cocked his head and then reached out a hand covering his eyes and he came to find he lying on something wooden while naked with a hand patting his cheek repeatedly. 
Jinks opened his eyes to see a male with long black hair, golden eyes and a naked Human appearance leaning over him with a frown on the male’s face. He sat up as the male straighten his form to discover himself in a metal gated cage room and saw above them peering through the bars was a large gonoid with red eyes that seemed familiar. 
His instincts screamed as his eyes fell on the gonoid “Dragon.”
Jinks got up from the floor and stared at the male feeling like he knew him from somewhere and stared at him. 
He frowned as the male spoke in Summeran “My name is Nikolas but people have been calling me Horus son of Osiris whoever that is.” 
He stiffened as he thought “I know who that male was.” which he remembered reading about him from the Hayu’s book. 
He took a look around his surroundings recalling more of the book mentioning his situation and eyed the dragon seeing it wearing a metal collar around its neck. 
He spoke in Summeran “The name’s Jinks.” 
He frowned seeing the Dragon shake his head in a no gesture with eyes narrowing in a glare aimed at him. Jinks frowned as an image flashed in his mind of and eyes sight view sword fighting a male Shadonian with red eyes which his mind identified him by the name of Mesen. The fight his mind gave him ended by Mesen falling backwards into the crowd of Shadonians with tan skin then falling to the ground with a knife sticking into his back form going still. 
Jinks spoke as the memory went away “To free our gonoid friend from the restraint the both of us has to punch the thing around its neck to free it.” 
He heard Nikolas speak “Mesen get us out of this cage so we can do it.” 
Jinks eyed the Dragon that reached with clawed hands grabbing the roof of the cage and lifted it up tossing it aside. He kept his form still as the Dragon reached in and picked him and Nikolas up bringing the both of him to its neck. 
He heard Nikolas growl as he and the male began punching at the restraint several times till he heard a click sound followed by the collar snapping open and falling off the dragon. 
He spoke remembering the book “Mesen carry us to that direction. There’s a gate there to transport us out of here.” 
He pointed in a direction and felt himself moved onto the Dragon’s back with Nikolas. He clung to the Dragon as it scrambled on the ground on fours passed rocky walls till he heard a loud squealing sound. The Dragon at the moment abruptly yanked him and Nikolas off putting them on the ground before shifting form into a humanoid he recognized from memory as Mesen. He looked at the gate to see three figures standing in a row with staffs pointed at them which he recognized as Anubis the High Council’s servant and his entourage the Hawk guards. 
He eyed the three while hearing Nikolas yell “You idiot! I’m urging you to fight me without your staff!”  
His eyes fell on the arm of Anubis at the bicep seeing a scorpion attached to it. He quickly looked at the arms of the Hawk guards to see scorpions attached to them. 
He mentally spoke “Scorpions, detach yourself now.”
He turned his attention to the scorpion on Anubis’ arm seeing it release its hold on Anubis’ arm falling towards the ground and saw the three hit the ground unconscious. Jinks heard Nikolas grumble “Drat I was hoping to fight that gonoid head idiot whatever his name is. I don’t like him period.” 
He frowned staring at the gate as an image of a large room came to his mind which he concentrated on and walked through the gate. 
He blinked his eyes to face men wearing army combat uniforms with guns pointed at him and heard a loud voice yell “It’s alright! I know them!”
He eyed the men who separated holstering their guns and he saw Alexei Zesky walking forward who spoke “Where have you been? It’s been three months since you disappeared seen in a flash of green light while sleeping on some bed they tell me.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath and heard Nikolas yell in terror. Jinks looked at the male who fell to the ground screaming as he saw ropes appear covering his body entirely till there was nothing but a cocoon of ropes. 
He heard Alexei speak “Jimo, what’s going on with him?” 
He looked at Alexei to see a Drainer standing next to the man who spoke “The male from the looks of it is changing into Hades another type of Drainer and needs a Highlander present to help him remember who he is once he comes out from being changed.”
He stared at Alexei who spoke “I’ll get the mind walker to help. Guards, bring Jinks and guest friend to rooms now.” 
Jinks heard throat clearing noises looked to see a male wearing army gear standing next to him that gestured towards a direction with his head. He nodded his head and walked behind the male following him through the room. He frowned seeing females eyeing him before falling backwards caught by others while in the room.
He as he walked heard Mesen speak in foreign language him understanding his words “I have to confess but I recognized you as Osiris the moment you looked at me with your eyes. I figured something happened to you to get you changed to the body form you are now.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut not commenting as Mesen added “Nikolas is really your son Horus for I recognized him from his face looking like your mate Isis. I have spied on from time to time along with manipulating people to get you and her to mate despite your brother trying to prevent that. The mating for creating Horus was insurance against assassins that I’m aware of were trying to target you and I.”
He frowned as Mesen continued speaking “I’m aware that there were assassins working for a group I later learned called High Council that was trying to remove the both of us from our leadership positions with whatever agenda it was. I managed to manipulate people to raise my daughter Tala under Isis’ care as a spy for her against your brother who seemed to be in cahoots with the High Council. I also confess I manipulated my own mate to use her powers to get you and Isis to create Horus and manipulated people to keep Isis alive to give birth to him. I also managed to get people to protect Tala transporting Horus out of the city to safety.”
At that moment Mesen was interrupted by the guard speaking “Here you go a room for your friend, Jinks.” 
Jinks looked at Mesen with a narrowed eyed look and gestured towards the room with a finger. 
Mesen he stared at spoke “Uh I’ll figure out the room’s contents myself. I’ve been living with the High Council and their technology for awhile to figure out how things work.” 
Jinks nodded his head and watched Mesen enter the room. He heard a meow and heard Mesen yell sounding like he was happy before slamming the door.
He heard the guard clear his throat and looked at the man who spoke “What did your friend say while in the room?”
Jinks spoke “My friend Mesen has a fondness towards cats hence his noises.” 
He looked at the guard who didn’t comment but turned around walking further down the hallway with him following till they stopped at an open doorway with door ajar which the guard gestured with a finger towards the door. 
Jinks nodded his head and then the guard spoke while gesturing to his naked body with his eyes looking at him up and down “You got the ladies swooning.”
He frowned recalling seeing females in the large room eyeing him before falling backwards caught by others. Jinks shrugged and entered the room closing the door behind him. He heard a meow and looked at the bed to see a cat tummy sitting on it that stared at him back with unblinking eyes with a look that made him think it was disapproval. Exhaling a breath he looked around the room and saw a doorway which he figured led to the bathroom and again looked around to see a dresser next to the bed. He went to the dresser to open drawers and saw clothes in it that were underwear shorts, socks and blue sweats consisting of a long sleeve top and pants which he took out carrying them to the bathroom leaving it on the sink. He went to the shower tub combination and turned on the water to toleration heat levels while feeling relief from the water pouring over him. He sighed feeling the grimy dirt feeling going away off of him as the water cleansed him. He looked around for the soap and shampoo finding two dispensers in the wall with labels on them. Jinks poured a generous amount of shampoo and soap into his hands and began washing himself very thoroughly washing away the grimy feeling. He jerked feeling pains in his lower back in the spine area that brought him to kneel while breathing hard. He frowned feeling something being pushed out of his body from the area and heard a clink sound as it fell off of him hitting the tub. He stood up and looked around to find near the drain a finger sized grey object that is blinking a light and his senses blared as he picked it up. He examined the thing and frowned remembering being at the Zesky Hospital before on a previous visit and figured to himself that it was a homing beacon. Jinks crumbled the object in his fist feeling it being destroyed and threw the remainder pieces at the walls of the shower seeing it crumble some more. He felt himself clean turned off the shower water and got out finding the towels on a rack which he grabbed one to dry himself. He once dry put on the clothes feeling he better from wearing them and walked out of the bathroom to the bed and laid his form on it shutting his eyes passing out. 

Jinks came to feeling a hand on his arm shaking him which he jerked open his eyes to see the male guard was back and in his room. 
He stared at the guard with annoyance who spoke “The One aka Alexei wants you at his location and I’m to take you there.” 
Jinks obeyed sitting up as the guard thrust out a pair of sneakers which he took putting them on his feet and stood up following the guard out of the room. He kept his mouth shut as the guard led him to the large airplane hanger like room where Alexei stood back to the doorway with arms folded and a glare on his face. 
Jinks spoke reaching Alexei “What is it?”
He saw Alexei turn to sideways pointing to the doorway and speaking with annoyance in his tone “The High Council sent a ship that landed here without out permission. The idiots are threatening to blow their ship up if I don’t produce you as demanded. Harrumph I’m not pleased with having to give you them under threats.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut walked out of the airplane hanger room to outside to spot the familiar vessel from his time as Lance Richard sitting outside which he walked towards it. He saw a gangplank appear on the side of the ship coming out of it to land with a thud and halted from his walk. He saw a figure appearing to be a male wearing a mask covering his eyes with Highlander like ears sticking out the side of his head walk down the gangplank and reaching the bottom the figure turned towards him. Jinks frowned as the figure pointed a finger at him and then pointed at the ship with a foot he saw tapping of impatience. Jinks gave of a sound of disgust walked fast to the gangplank and reached the figure who stepped aside which he walked up it followed by the figure till he reached inside. He was abruptly grabbed by two masked figures with Highlander ears and male forms that roughhouse his arms together in front of him while putting handcuffs on his wrists locking them together. He felt his eyes covered by a blindfold blinding him and felt himself with hands on his arms forced to walk going through several twisty turns while sensing vibrations that felt intense that soon went away. He felt himself walking on metal floors that echoed his and guards’ footsteps followed by hearing odd sounds then his feet hit a rugged floor and he was forced to kneel abruptly. Jinks felt the hands leave him and heard the odd noise again and felt he alone till hands grabbed at the blindfold yanking it off of him. He blinked his eyes from the glare of overhead lights shaking his head to focus himself in a small square room with metal walls and in front of him away sitting in a gold like metal chair he saw was a hooded figure he recognized as a High Council member with Anubis standing next to him arms folded with eyes narrowed in a glare aimed at him. 
Jinks heard a male voice speaking verbally in a foreign language that sounded like Mesen’s language “So we meet again brother dear.” 
Jinks frown hearing the voice for it sounded familiar to him and figured it was coming from the High Council member. 
He again heard the voice speak “You don’t recognize me with my face covered despite me speaking to you.” 
He formed a frown on his face as the High Council member held up a gloved hand showing a familiar necklace pendant which he widen his eyes recognizing it as the one he put on while in the Shadonian High Lord’s living room. He watched as the High Council member clasped the necklace around his neck then pulled at the hooded mask revealing his face. Jinks snarled an angry sound seeing the High Council member having a tan Shadonian face with all white eyes and pointed ears along with a round jewel on the forehead with recognition running through him. He recognized the male as the one who stabbed Osiris on the back with his knife as he growled an angry sound. 
The male he saw smiled some smile then spoke “I see you, Osiris recognize me as someone else. I’ll tell you who I am. I am Set, your twin brother.”
Jinks at the moment hearing that roared an angry sound and thrust himself to his feet only to have his efforts stopped by two pairs of hands feeling clawed grabbing his arms restraining him as he struggled against their ironclad grips. He saw Anubis unfold his arms and thrust out a staff a knife edge pointed at his direction as he struggled against the grips holding his arms keeping him in a kneeling position. 
Jinks heard Set spoke again “I’m surprised that you survived me knifing you in the back and becoming what you are now, a pathetic Firsts One.” 
He narrowed his eyes in a glare aimed at Set who kept smiling that smirking smile as he again struggled against the hands’ ironclad grips. He looked at his sides to see the hand’s owners were the Hawk guards that had eyes narrowed in glares aimed at him. He struggled against their grips feeling them ironclad. He glared at Set who clapped his hands and he felt a prick of pain in the back of his neck followed by sleepiness putting him unconscious.

Jinks woke up lying naked on a metal bed with chain manacles on his ankles and wrists holding him to the bed railings. He saw in his eyes sight was a round tube cylinder and felt pain in his feet which he looked down to see a horizontal band of red laser light hitting the area. He felt pain get intense as the laser light left his feet and kept feeling pain as the laser slowly made its way up his body touching him with its light. He heard a roaring noise sounding in the back of his mind which he recognized as the Master. Jinks grimaced as the pain got more intense as the laser traveled up his body. He felt the pain was distracting him from willing the Master through. He stiffened to gasp out a painful cry as the laser touched his sensitive part. He gasped out cries of pain watering his eyes as the laser traveled up his sensitive part followed by stinging unbearable pain. He groaned out in pain jerking from the laser’s touch as it reached his chest. He felt the pain get worse which made him cry out cries of anguish as the laser reached his neck. Jinks felt his voice cut off and his breathing getting harder as the laser traveled up his neck gagging him. He gagged for air as the laser reached his chin which he found his breathing labored. Jinks grimaced as the laser reached his eyes making them dizzy with black spots hitting his eyes sight. He felt the dizziness become dominant making him pass out which he fell unconscious. 

Jinks woke up feeling a hand clawed slapping his cheeks. He jerked from the hand slapping to feel he naked while in a squat position. He felt no pain surrounding his body to feel his wrists were tied above his head by chain manacles that were slowly pulling him up to a standing position. Jinks jerked open his eyes to discover himself underneath a spotlight as he was forced to stand. He looked to see Anubis standing in front of him with a glare in the gonoid head’s eyes being narrowed. Jinks yanked at the chains holding his wrist to grimace as pain hit him on the back stinging him. He stood and felt the chain’s pull stop to glare at Anubis who turned and walked out of the spotlight into the darkness. 
He heard a male voice sounding Highlander like speaking “Who are you?”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as the voice repeated his question followed by stinging pain in his back that made him grimace on his face. 
He spoke “I don’t get it your question-” 
He groaned as the stinging pain hit his back interrupting him. 
Jinks heard the voice speak “State your name now.” 
He blurted out “Osiris.” 
Jinks felt pain hit his back which made him again grimace. 
He frowned as the voice spoke “No, not that name! I meant the First Ones’ name you were given!” 
Jinks spoke “What’s a First One anyway?”
He again felt pain in his back grimaced as the voice spoke “First One is the name of the species you’re posing as you idiot!” 
Jinks frowned at the word idiot spoke “Burke Richardson Junior-“
He was interrupted by stinging pain hitting his back groaned out “What’s with hitting me with pain when I just answered your question?”
He again felt pain in his back as the voice spoke “Silence you idiot with your questions!”
Jinks grimaced feeling pain in his back as the voice again spoke “Who’s Lance Richard?!”
Jinks spoke grimacing “A religious leader or God of some cult.” 
He breathed hard through his mouth gritting his teeth for the pain which didn’t come that made him frown. Jinks heard silence from the voice relaxed his form and gave out a loud groan as something like a rope hit his back followed by zapping pain stinging him in the area. 
He heard the voice speak again sounding annoyed “Don’t play me! Who’s Lance Richard?! Answer that question now!”
Jinks groaned out “I just told you!”
He jerked arching his back as the rope hit him hard with zapping pain getting more intense. 
He heard the voice speaking sounding angry “Confirm or deny, are you Lance Richard?!”
Jinks groaned as the rope again hit him on the back followed by zapping pain feeling more intense. 
He spoke “I deny!” 
He again arched his back as the rope hit him again with its intense zapping pain. 
Jinks heard the voice speaking sounding annoyed “You lie according to the lie detector! Confirm that you are Lance Richard!” 
He felt his anger hit him hard as the rope hit him on the back with another bout of zapping pain. He growled some gonoid sound that made him pull at the chains holding his wrists. He heard silence from the voice as his anger became full blown rage and with a roaring like cry yanked his wrists free from the chains holding them to squat down on the ground. He saw through his angry haze Anubis walk into the spotlight holding his staff weapon in front of him with a hand on it. Jinks allowed the rage to take control putting him out and came to find he standing still underneath the spot light with anger still running through him. Jinks saw on the ground was Anubis who appeared to be unconscious with eyes shut. He felt held in his hands was a metal stick his eyes told him was Anubis’s staff weapon which he roared out an angry cry and spun around facing the opposite direction. Jinks darted out of the spotlight night vision appearing in his eyes sight to see two masked Highlanders with male forms standing besides a boxy machine that were holding gun like weapons in their hands in front of them aimed at him with lips curled in frowns. Jinks charged at the two Highlanders roaring with fury at them as one of them dropped his weapon and turned around running away screaming of fear. He swung the staff as he reached the other Highlander whose gun gave off a clicking noise. Jinks brought the staff against the Highlander hitting the male in the head who fell against the boxy machine and slid to the floor dropping the gun. He angrily brought the staff against the Highlander’s body whacking him with the weapon repeatedly over and over not caring where he landed it. Jinks kept on whacking as he felt a stinging pain in his back which was followed by sleepiness that he ignored to keep on hitting the Highlander till he felt himself too tired to hit anymore dropped the weapon and fell to his knees. He slid himself onto the ground and shut his eyes falling unconscious. 

Jinks woke up finding himself back in the cylinder tube still restrained with his anger still running through him. He felt pain in his feet snarled some growling gonoid sound. He angrily yanked the manacles off his wrists and sat up to see the laser’s origin was from a metal stick that was slowly moving up his body giving him pain. He angrily grabbed the stick with his hands and tore it in two. He threw away the broken part of the stick to see that the cylinder tube was in a semi circle above him. Jinks saw feet underneath the semi circle part moving towards his feet. He angrily felt rage hitting him allowed the emotion to hit him putting him out and came to find he pounding on a black wall appearing to be glass with it giving off cracks from his fists hitting it. He felt a headache hitting him as he pounded on the glass wall till he heard a gunshot like sound and felt stinging pain in his back followed by sleepiness that became dominant overtaking him and he fell to the floor going unconscious. 

Jinks woke up feeling a foot connect with his stomach. He irately opened his eyes to glare at Anubis standing over him that pointed a finger at a direction. Jinks got up discovering himself back in his clothes and shoes finding himself in the High Council’s throne room with the High Council still sitting in chairs on the dais facing him. He felt himself in a calm mood as he looked at the High Council doing hand gestures and head waving among each other. He frowned as his eyes settled on the member sitting in the middle of the group where something shiny was seen around the neck. He eyed the member as his left ear abruptly became itchy which he looked around for Anubis and the guards. He saw that they weren’t in sight that confused him as his ear became itchier enough to bother him. Jinks with a growl scratched his left ear and felt pressure on his arm followed by a humming sound. He felt hands push him a few foot falls sideways then stopped with the hands remaining on him. He looked at the doorway to see Hades walk into the room followed by a Human female with short blonde hair wearing clothes that looked like gonoid skins. He frowned watching Hades fade from view followed by his head moved to look in another direction facing a wall to see Hades again grabbing an axe like weapon from it then fade from view. He heard yelling cries turned to look on his left to see Hades standing on the dais with several High Council members charging at him from their seats. He watched as Hades knocked several High Council members onto the floor with the axe then paused to roar an inhuman cry sound which made him nervous. Jinks saw Hades’ form revert changing into a crowned man holding a torch cauldron staff in his right hand while wearing white gonoid like skin clothing. He stiffened recognizing the man as King Winter the Cold Lord and saw icy like snow cover each of the High Council members freezing them in their positions. Jinks watched as King Winter’s form reverted into Hades who proceeded to use the axe to shatter the heads of each High Council member then walked off the dais going to the Human female swinging the axe towards her who spoke in foreign language him not understanding his words. He watched as Hades threw aside the axe and followed her out of the room. Jinks felt the hands holding him let go as his eyes saw something shiny bright from one of the High Council’s shattered forms. He felt the hands let go of him and he walked towards the dais as in a trance eyes aimed on the object walking towards the High Council member to see it was his necklace pendant and still around the neck of a member. He growled assuming it was Set himself which he yanked off the necklace and placed it around his neck feeling himself satisfied having it on him. He looked down at Set and with a foot brought it down repeatedly on Set’s body shattering it all in pieces till there was nothing left. He felt a hand grab his arm pulling him away from the dais and out of the room which he didn’t resist to smile a sick smile feeling satisfied from his actions. He imaged in his mind a throne room he lived as Osiris till he was forced to a stop and felt another hand touch his arm. He frowned as the throne room scene left his mind followed by a forest scene as his eyes registered darkness then a forest identical to the one in his mind and then blackness as he felt himself falling down hitting the ground. 

Jinks woke up with his eyes registering the hut ceiling feeling he out of it to see a hooded figure in a female form in red robes standing over him with face covered and a Wiser next to her appearing to be talking words he didn’t register. Jinks stared at the red robed female as a headache arrived within him to get an image of a female with a tan Shadonian form and golden eyes having Nikolas’ face wearing a white dress that looked familiar in his mind. 
He moaned out “Isis.”
He saw the Wiser abruptly look at him before bending down to place a hand over his eyes forcing them shut and he passed out unconscious.  

Jinks woke up feeling himself much better to sat up putting a hand on his neck feeling for the pendant he felt was still around his neck. He sighed of relief and then got up to walk out of the hut to stand watching the Hayu and Highlanders going around their business in the hut camp. He felt his left ear itchy looked on his left to see a Wiser heading towards him with a frown on the Wiser’s face who grabbed his arm hauling him with no protest to a campfire and forced to sit on a log. Jinks sat and were thrust a stick holding food on it by the Wiser who glared at him with an annoyed expression on his face. He felt himself hungry ate the food on the stick which the Wiser abruptly walked away and he looked around as he ate to notice the red robed female was sitting on a log next to his head aimed in his direction.  He ate all of the food and tossed the stick into the campfire and then turned his attention towards the red robed female with a frown. He stared at her as she got up from the log and went to sit next to him putting a hand that he saw was clawed with tan skin on his hand. He stiffened with shock running through him for the hand felt familiar and felt right to the touch which he stared at her with confusion. He stared at her as she with a hand removed her hood off her head baring her face which he widen his eyes of recognition seeing that she’s Isis herself from her face having Nikolas’ facial appearance on it despite having a tan Shadonian appearance with golden Human eyes and long black hair pulled back in a braid. 
He stared at Isis with emotions running through him as she spoke him understanding her words “I was told that Osiris survived the knife stabbing by his brother Set but paid a price to live by having his form changed into a Human and living on a planetary world called Shadan as a Human religious leader.” 
He kept his mouth shut as Isis continued to speak “I’m aware that Osiris fathered a Human son with a Human female who later died and the son himself was later killed off by the High Council. Osiris had the son’s spirit place in his Human body to keep him alive.”
He frowned as she continued to speak “I know that the Human whose hand I’m holding is the son in Osiris’ body from the looks of your eyes staring at me which isn’t giving me the feeling I would get whenever Osiris looked at me.”
Jinks exhaled a breath muffling a gasp as Isis kept talking “The day of my son Horus’ birth I had a servant girl named Tala, take him through the city to the Chasm of Storms to throw herself into it to travel to another place just to keep Horus out of Set’s hands.”
He nodded his head at her words as she continued “I was exiled by the High Council after awhile of being one of them but was able to get to Terrania where my son is living. I met him again as a full grown male who I’m told is hidden by Hades and King Winter by another male who I took as my escort mate.”
Jinks nodded his head remembering part of the Hayu’s book on Nikolas destroying the High Council and frowns thinking to himself “I’m remembering the part of Isis dying and her telling her son ‘Your to place my body in a coffin room.’” 
He felt confusion running through him as he recalled Isis died and Nikolas her son doing her last wish of placing her body in the coffin room despite Isis being alive sitting next to him. 
Isis he stared at seemingly aware of his confusion spoke “The moon Edenia we’re on has the power to recreate living out of the dead back to life and has done that with select few people and myself included hence me alive talking to you. Edenia has mentioned a price tag is the people brought to life can’t leave the moon for if they did they would die and she has said that she won’t bring them back to life again for they only have one life living here and that’s it.” 
Jinks felt sadness hearing that nods his head as Isis became silent. 
He sat silently holding her hand as she added “The Hayu prior to your arrival presented me with a book and told me to read it. I did that and discovered the book was about Osiris and his life after being stabbed by his brother Set which I read till the book ended saying that he gave his Human body to his son to live.”
Isis paused as Jinks frowned and then she continued “I sensed from the book that Osiris was hurt having himself cheated out of having a life raising Horus with me. From the book I figured that Osiris assumed that Horus was dead and I suffering misery under the hands of his brother’s rule hence his pain. Osiris I figured having his other son, you take his Human body was him trying to help himself heal from his pain of thinking Horus dead and making sure that you had a chance to live after being destroyed by the High Council.”
Jinks frowned recalling Lance having a crying breakdown after mentioning the name of Horus to him he witnessed. 
He heard Isis continue speaking “I was given the book on my son Horus by a Hayu with his face and identifying himself as Nikolas which I read and discovered that Horus was transported to Shadan. The book detailed that he went under the changes of turning into Hades mentally met his father who recognized him as his son and Horus recognizing him as his father. The book mentioned that they had a discussion which didn’t detailed very well what it was but hinted the subject of destroying the High Council then after that Horus returned back to his body becoming Hades with his memory restored. He was later transported to a gate and he entered it to the High Council’s palace meeting a Human female there just prior to his attack on the High Council.”
Jinks frowned as Isis paused then kept talking “I’m aware that you witnessed what my son did to the High Council and was told by a Hayu that after you and Horus left the throne room, Anubis the High Council’s angry servant destroyed what’s left of the High Council’s bodies and left the palace to some world dubbed Rakcara through a gate where he’s currently serving Rakcara’s planetary leader and has refused to serve any orders from the servants of the High Council who sought him out.” 
He frowned hearing that as Isis kept talking “When I was younger after newly married to Osiris, he told me of a story about Anubis mentioning that his father who went by the name of Amen Ra before he became pharaoh was traveling through the land on gonoid back with his mate given the name of Tala which a servant girl is named after while expecting Osiris and Set. During a storm Osiris and his brother Set were born and their mother died from the birth which their father had to carry them on gonoid back leaving Tala lying on the ground to the nearest city called Zimala where the pharaoh takes residence.  He arrived there seeking shelter and found it in a temple among the priests who were the only ones that didn’t turn him away. At daylight Anubis came into the city carrying Tala in his arms to the temple which the priests gave last rites and buried her in one of the catacombs. Anubis in Amen Ra’s presence asked for sanctuary which the priests seemed to refuse were insisted to accept by Amen Ra himself who admitted that the dead female Anubis carried was his mate and mother of his sons who died given birth to and that Anubis did him a favor getting her body and spirit honored which he wasn’t able to do it. The priests accepted Anubis as one of their own priests who played a part in the city in getting Amen Ra crowned as Pharaoh with his loyalty unquestioned. I’m also told by Anubis secretly in private that it was he who later crowned Osiris, Pharaoh after Amen Ra’s death and used his influence to keep Osiris and me alive from Set’s machinations along with having guards on the servant girl Tala carrying Horus secretly in a basket out of the city to the Chasm of Storms. During my time as a High Council member I found out that they discovered what Anubis did to keep Horus out of their hands force him to serve them who made no secret in our private talks that he wanted the High Council dead and will do what it takes to get them assassinated.”
Jinks exhaled a breath as Isis paused from talking to grip his hand a bit tighter then she continued to speak “Anubis for some unexplained reason has a strong dislike towards the High Council despite serving them has admitted to me of being behind acts of sabotage done to them and their servants who I know were aware of him doing it. The guards escorting Anubis the Hawks were created to keep Anubis under High Council control with half success for the Hawks have been observed obeying Anubis’ orders without question even orders that go against the High Council.”      
Jinks spoke “Would Anubis have anything to do with Horus’ success in destroying the High Council?” 
He stared at Isis who spoke “I suspect that Anubis had a hand in my son’s success. I’m told that Anubis convinced a Human to enter the races’ meeting spot armed with a bomb and set it off while there which the High Council’s communicators Shad the male with wings and Onya some Shadonian look like despite skin color were killed as a result. I figured that Anubis had something to do with their deaths for I’m aware that Shad and Onya were the High Council’s only defense against people trying to assassinate them. They probably were the only defense against Horus capable of defeating him and without them Horus was able to destroy the High Council.”
Jinks opened his mouth to speak and closed his mouth as the sunlight abruptly went out followed by darkness with night vision in his eyes. He felt himself tired stood up as Isis stood up him towering over her by a head. He looked at the huts till his eyes fell on one and felt drawn to it which he walked towards it tugging Isis with him.  He reached the hut went inside followed by Isis and once inside hugged her feeling himself between happiness and sadness running through him. He felt himself needing to sleep laid his form down on the furry gonoid ground sideways with Isis lying opposite from him. He gently put his arms around her while feeling her hand rubbed his face with her other hand touching him on the chest. He felt himself soothed by the touches of Isis shut his eyes and fell asleep passing out unconscious.

Jinks woke up sensing it was daylight out with Isis awake in his arms who had a sad look in her eyes. He sighed and got up from the floor with Isis taking her hand and walked out of the hut towards the campfire to sit which a Hayu handed him food on a stick.  He ate as Isis sat next to him her eyes he noticed staring at him up and down still having a sad look in them. Once finished with the food he tossed the stick into the fire and felt a pulling sensation aimed in a direction. 
He stood up as Isis stood up speaking “Jinks, tell Osiris that I’m alright and living in Edenia and that I’m aware of what happened to him and Horus.” 
Jinks frowned hearing his name spoken by Isis as she added “I was told your name by a Wiser.” 
He nodded his head and hugged her as she hugged him then walked away from her going in the direction guided by the pulling sensation. He walked passed huts and people not looking his direction going through the forest till he reached a gate to see a Banshee he recognized from memory of living among them in their blonde Shadonian like manoid forms. He stared at the Banshee whose eyes were narrowed as he got an image of a room in his mind and figured it was for traveling through the gate which he walked through it. He entered the room to see the familiar Drainer there while sensing it was nighttime. 
He stared at the Drainer who spoke “Some male named Ramses via mind walking said that you were coming at this hour and to keep the doors open till you arrived.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as the Drainer continued speaking “My name is Jimo and don’t forget it.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as he heard a throat clearing noise looked at his left to see a male Human dressed in army combat clothing who gestured with his head towards a direction then began walking. Jinks followed the guard walking a maze of hallways and stairwells to a doorway with door ajar which the guard stopped and gestured. He nodded his head getting the guard’s message went inside shutting the door and went to the bed laying his form on it shutting his eyes. He dreamed himself back at the beach facing Lance who seemed irate by his facial expression. 
He stared at Lance who spoke with irritation in his voice “I’m annoyed that the High Council is keeping me from talking to you and I’m getting tired of the keep outs.” 
Jinks spoke interrupting “I witnessed Horus destroying the High Council including killing Set while using Hades and King Winter forms.” 
He paused to see Lance’s face changed to show pain in it with pain in his eyes before the man looked away to stare at the water folding his arms. 
Jinks continued to speak “Some time before death Set introduced himself to me thinking I was Osiris the brother not realizing that I was his son.”
He was interrupted by Lance giving of a gasp of pain. 
Jinks kept talking “Isis survived as a member of the High Council and was exiled by them but she met Horus when he was full grown living on a planetary world called Terrania where Horus lived.” 
Jinks paused seeing Lance putting a hand over his eyes while turning his crowned head towards him and heard soft sobbing like sounds coming from the male while seeing his lips formed in a grimace. 
Jinks added “Isis later died in Terrania but Edenia a moon brought her back to life and she’s currently living in Edenia remaining there forever because of a price tag that she’ll die if she leaves the moon who has said that she won’t bring her back. I met Isis while on Edenia who told me that she’s aware of Osiris and his life after he was tossed into the Chasm of Storms along with him fathering me and giving his own Human body for me to have a second chance to live.”
He paused as he saw movement off his right and looked to see the Meritanians standing there with frowns on their faces that told him they overheard what he said to Lance. He saw Ramses point a finger at him and gestures with robe covered hands around one of the females he assumed was Terra or Erra then the Meritanian pointed to Lance. He turned his attention towards Lance who he heard was giving off sounds of crying and figured what Ramses wanted him to do. He gently reached with his arms and placed them around Lance hugging him who’s crying sounds became louder and felt the male’s form shaking while having his arms around him. He hugged Lance who stopped crying and felt the male’s form stop shaking. Jinks released his hold on Lance who removed his hand from his eyes forming a glare on his face which the male turned his head towards Ramses who he noticed had a grimace on his face and appeared to flinch from Lance’s stare. 
Jinks spoke “Was there something you wanted to talk to me about, Lance?”
Jinks frowned as Lance turned his head eyes narrowed in a glare at him before speaking with irritation in his voice “Just don’t hug me again get it?”
Jinks nodded his head frown forming on his face as Lance abruptly covered his eyes and he woke up feeling a hand shaking his arm. Jinks jerked his eyes open to look at the guard same as before who removed his hand from his arm.
The guard spoke “Transportation for you has arrived. I’m to escort you there.” 
Jinks got up from the bed and followed the guard to the airplane hanger room which he saw Alexei standing in the room that had a glare on his face eyes falling on his necklace. He walked to Alexei who spoke with irritation in his voice “The helicopter has arrived and is outside waiting for you to get in so get out of here.” 
Jinks frowned at Alexei’s attitude left the hangar room walking outside to the helicopter where a male Highlander wearing Master army combat clothes stood out. Jinks reached the Highlander and noticed the male grimace eyes falling on his necklace with disapproval in his eyes. He frowned as he got into the helicopter followed by the Highlander that took off flying in the air. He leaned back in the seat and shut his eyes passing out to feel a hand shaking his arm and opened his eyes to feel the helicopter had stopped. He got out without protest and heard the Highlander give off a harrumph behind him before slamming the helicopter doors. 
He saw Eagle standing with arms folded looking uncomfortable who spoke “Hit the mess hall and eat Ice.”
Jinks obeyed going into the mess hall to see the army group was there and felt the sensation of him stared at by multiple eyes as he got his food and carried it to a table. He frowned seeing greedy looks in the men’s eyes as they fell on his necklace. 
He ate his food as one of them spoke “What’s with the necklace?”
Jinks heard an edge in the man’s tone that bothered him to speak “The necklace belonged to my father and I don’t want to talk about it.” 
He ate his food and frowned as he got an image of Lance with angry expression on his face in his mind pointing a finger followed by the penthouse building. 
He frowned as he thought “Lance wanted me to go to the penthouse building and do it now.”  
He finished with his food got up leaving the tray on the table and again felt himself stared at as he walked to Eagle sitting at a table eating food. 
He spoke as he reached Eagle “I like to leave to the penthouse.” 
Eagle he stared at seemed uncomfortable spoke “I have already commissioned a limo to come pick you up. It’s waiting outside. Just find it.” 
Jinks frowned walked out of the mess hall hearing Eagle giving off a howling noise and walked out to look around. He spot the limo in the distance jogged towards it and got he inside it slamming the door. He felt the limo move driving with a fast speed out of the army compound into the street driving fast. He shut his eyes and dreamed of himself at the beach with Lance he saw was glaring at the Meritanians. 
Ramses he heard sounding annoyed while appearing to be talking to his sisters was saying “The High Council and their Highlander servants can hear us three talking because their base is surrounding our ocean location and their close proximity means that they can hear every word.” 
He frowned as one of the females spoke sounding like she’s talking to Ramses “Terra and I have been helping people on the Human continent by talking to them in dreams-” 
She was interrupted by Terra he assumed speaking “Boom!” 
Erra he heard kept on talking ignoring Terra’s outburst “Your explanation explains why bad things have been happening to the people we’ve helped as in them being killed off by other people we suspect are Highlanders causing the actions.”
Ramses he heard spoke with irritation in his voice “The High Council and the Highlander servants are currently eavesdropping on our talk as usual.” 
He heard Lance speak “Is the High Council aware of me?”
He stared at the Meritanians who bowed their heads then look up all shaking their heads in a no gesture. 
Ramses continued “From scans of the High Council’s minds they want us to assist them with their war agenda against the Human race they refer as First One and will do what it takes to make sure that you two stop helping Humans by making sure whoever Human helped suffers death as a way of getting you two to stop.”
He spoke as Ramses paused “What have the High Council planned to do with the Shadonia helping Humans and declaring war on them?”
He saw the three bows their heads then look up then Terra spoke “What is the High Council planning to do with the Shadonia if they inferred with their battle with the Humans?”
He frowned as Ramses spoke “Shadonian males are easily mind controlled by Highlanders scanning them and speaking commands to them mentally which is how they’ll make sure the Shadonia won’t interfere by mind controlling the High Lord to order his people to stay out of the battle. They have already minded controlled the High Lord’s predecessor to not have contact with the Humans after they and their land arrived on Shadan.”   
He heard Erra speak “What’s with the current High Lord and why haven’t they mind controlled him yet?”
Ramses spoke “From mind scans this High Lord is aware of the mind control done by Highlanders on males and has purposely kept Highlanders away from him along with using females to guard him whenever he travels out of the palace among the Shadonia and other races in the Shadonia’s home base.” 
He frowned as Ramses paused from talking to bow his head with irritation in his voice “Don’t blame me and my sisters for that! Blame Hades for doing that! You’re an idiot!”
He frowned as Ramses paused then continued “Hades’ face is a mask that can be removed and put on a person changing them into Hades which is what happened to the High Lord. Harrumph each person after being Hades remembers every single detail of what they did while being that Drainer.” 
Jinks folded his arms as he heard Lance giving off a growl sound as Ramses after a pause spoke “Alright I’ll tell you. A stupid Highlander did that mind control trick on a Shadonian male in front of the High Lord wearing the Hades suit who asked questions on what the Highlander were doing. The Highlander stupidity explained everything not realizing that a Shadonian was wearing the Hades suit asking those questions.”
Jinks looked at Lance who’s arms were folded and eyes he saw were all black and narrowed aimed at Ramses who kept on speaking “Oh by the way the High Lord isn’t the only Shadonian aware of the mind control trick. Hah, you Highlanders have gotten too sloppy with your mind controlling males to notice the females every single one of them aren’t fooled by the males’ actions and they managed to figure out by them observing males hanging around you Highlanders that you were causing some mind control trick on them.”
He heard Lance give off a loud growl sound and watched the man unfold his arms holding them up with palms facing the sky. 
He turned away to look at Ramses who’s head was still bowed and heard the Meritanian speaking “Well from mind scans those females have purposely kept Highlanders away from the High Lord along with insisting on guarding him whenever he travels outside the palace. They managed to rope the other races living on the Shadonia’s home base to spy on Highlanders anyway they can and has already informed them of the mind control trick. By the way the females managed to convince those races to secretly guard the High Lord whichever doesn’t matter if he’s in the palace or traveling among his people.”
Jinks frowned hearing Ramses’ words as Ramses paused from talking as he heard Lance give off a roaring noise and looked at him to see lightening like bolts jutting from his palms and lightening flashing from the sky landing behind the man. He looked back at the three Meritanians to see the females clutching each other with pained looks on their faces as Ramses jerked his form sideways with his head still bowed. 
He heard Ramses yell “I’m not doing that and neither are my sisters! Stop blaming us whenever there’s some silly earthquake hitting! It’s causing us pain and we hate it when it happens! So stop blaming us, blame the planet!”
Jinks turned his attention towards Lance who he saw had his lips curled in a sneer with teeth bared. 
He again heard Ramses yell “Stop asking me questions about the earthquake! I’m not a planet! I’m a mind walking sentient plant and don’t you forget that!”
Jinks looked at Lance who abruptly folded his arms lightening stopping flashing from him. He saw Lance’s eyes turn from all black to Human blue that narrowed glaring at the Meritanians which he turned his attention towards to. 
He saw Ramses raise his head with a frown on his face who spoke “Damn Highlanders. Every time there’s a disaster such as an earthquake hitting the High Council’s base they always blame me for causing it which I’m hearing them saying that.” 
He heard one of the females give off a harrumph like sound as the other spoke “Why don’t they just go to the depths?”
He heard Lance speaking loudly with irritation in his voice “Enough with this useless babble. I detect my power got the High Council’s base to give off a signal.
Its marking their location broadcasting it with some message saying ‘We’re the High Council. We rule the races.’” 
Jinks saw Ramses pointing a finger at him and spoke “Shouldn’t it be time for you to get up from bed?”
He frowned as Lance’s hand appeared in his eyes sight forcing his eyes shut and he came to find himself sitting in a leaning back position with a hand shaking his right arm. He jerked open his eyes to discover he was still in the limo that wasn’t moving and looked at his right to see a Highlander standing outside the car wearing a driver’s uniform with a frown on his face that remove his hand on his arm. 
Jinks frowned as the Highlander spoke “We’re here at the home base building. You seemed to be passed out hence me waking you up.” 
He groaned feeling tiredness still hitting him got out of the car and saw the familiar building entrance with two Highlanders wearing Master army uniforms and guns in their hands standing in front with blank expressions on their faces. He sighed and walked inside through the lobby towards the elevator which he took to the penthouse floor and walked out to meet Willingham who looked at him with disapproval on his face when his eyes fell on his necklace. 
Jinks shrugged Willingham’s facial expression and spoke “I’ll be in my room taking a nap. I’m tired.” 
He shook his head and sluggishly walked towards the bedroom to stop at the gym room and eyed the mattress floor with relief on his face. He walked into the room and allowed himself to hit the floor face first and shut his eyes. 

Jinks dreamed of an overhead view of himself lying on the floor as Willingham came into view to get on his knee and unclasped the necklace around his neck yanking it off and held it up an arm length in front of him with a gloved hand and walked out of view as the sight went black. 

Jinks came to find he lying in bed on top of the blankets wearing nothing but his familiar black sweatpants and there was a wet cloth on his forehead and sweat dripping from his face and elsewhere. He heard nothing in the room slowly sat up using night vision and felt wooziness hitting him hard. He forced himself to lie down and shut his eyes passing out till he came to find himself sitting up in bed back against a pillow against the padded headboard and his nose smelled something familiar while feeling an object poking his mouth. He kept his eyes closed opened his mouth to admit the object he felt was a straw which he greedily sucked the contents discovering it was strawberry milkshake which he drank it till the straw stopped giving the drink to him. 
He spat out the straw to groan loudly “What…happened…to…me?”          
He heard his words come out garbled frowned as the urge to sleep hit him hard which he leaned his head back and went unconscious. 

Jinks came to find he still in bed in a lying position while feeling he much better but weak. He jerked open his eyes to stare at the ceiling that seemed different from the penthouse’s ceiling. He slowly raised himself up to look around the room he saw with recognition was a guest room in Senator Nathan Baxter’s house as the sun shined through the open windows letting in cold cool air. He eyed a doorway his mind told him was the bathroom and slowly got up from the bed and slow walked towards it with hands out as he felt himself stumbling towards it. Jinks entered the bathroom to see the shower stall which he bent down yanking off the sweatpants leaving them littered on the floor and went into the shower stall to lean against the tile wall. He breathed hard through his mouth panting at his body’s weakness hitting him as bile rose from his throat. He bent down opening his mouth and felt a choking sensation as something became dislodged from his throat entering his mouth which he spat out. He eyed the object that was small and circular and appeared to be made out of plastic like material with a red light on it blinking while giving off a faint humming sound. Jinks picked up the object he figured was a homing beacon and crushed it with his fisted hand crumbling it to pieces. He heard the humming sound stop as he fisted his fist tighter in a tight grip and felt the pieces crumble into smaller pieces. He unclenched his hand and tossed the pieces aiming at the bare wall in the bathroom which he saw hit it hard crumbling some more. Exhaling a breath he straightened his form and turned on the water turning it to lukewarm with a hint of coldness in it and stood under the spray allowing the water to pour over him. He felt some of his strength returning as he cleansed himself with soap and shampoo and once done walk out turning off the water to grab a towel drying he thoroughly. He saw sitting on the sink counter was folded clothing appearing to be in the color black with shoes looking dressy on the floor. Sighing he went to the clothes to discover that they were all feeling like made out of expensive material, a long sleeve top, underwear shorts, socks and pants which he put on his form along with the shoes then again eyed the counter which he saw a hairbrush besides the sink and grabbed it. He brushed his hair he saw was still bushy brown and fell a few inches above his shoulders till it looked neat.  Jinks sighed and walked out of the bathroom to the bedroom’s entrance door which he opened and walked out into the hallway. He heard a baby cry noise sounding from an open doorway further into the hallway and as if drawn walked towards the doorway hearing the crying get louder. Jinks entered the room seeing it was the Senator’s bedroom and eyed the crib which he saw movement in it through the crib slats. He eyed the bathroom door which was ajar and heard noises of a shower running as Nathan in his crib gave off a loud wail noise. Sighing Jinks walked to the crib and peered at Nathan he saw had his face scrunched up while giving off his crying noises. He reached with his hands and lifted up Nathan from the crib to cradle him close to his chest and went to the rocking chair to sit holding the baby in his arms. Jinks eyed Nathan who’s face stopped scrunching up to coo baby noises before shutting his eyes falling asleep in his arms. He eyed the bathroom doorway and leaned back in the rocking chair slowly rocking it till he felt himself falling asleep shut his eyes. 

Jinks dreamed of he on a beach facing Lance who had annoyance in his face. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “Drat that brother of mine! He had poison wrapped around the necklace you were wearing which affected you enough to get sick from it. I don’t know how but that servant of yours Willingham knew that the necklace had poison on it from looking at it.”
Jinks frowned hearing Lance’s words as he put a hand to his neck and rubbed the area where the pendant used to touch him. 
Lance again spoke “Willingham had that necklace put in a metal lock box and sealed inside some newly dedicated monument honoring the dead where your friend Nathan Baxter personally oversaw the ceremony in some capital city full of monuments.”
Jinks spoke “Washington D.C.?”
He frowned as Lance spoke ignoring his question “You’ll have to do without the necklace, Jinks. Too many people I observed seemed greedy enough to want to take it from you and wear it themselves hence me ordering you away from them.” 
Jinks frowned further showing it on his face as he recalled eating in the army compound mess hall while being stared at by multiple eyes and frowned as he recalled some greedy look in the men he sat with staring at him eyes aimed at his necklace while chatting among each other. 
He heard Lance added still talking “I managed to rope Ramses and his sisters to do sabotage to the High Council and their servants in their home base. Hopefully it’ll take the High Council a long time till they figure out that the Meritanians are doing the sabotage.” 
He opened his mouth to speak as Lance abruptly covered his eyes forcing them closed and he found himself back in the rocking chair to open his eyes with a jerk. Jinks looked down at Nathan that was squirming in his arms with eyes open on his scrunched up face appearing to cry again. He sighed as he heard a hair dryer sound cut itself off from the bathroom as Nathan gave off a wail. Jinks turned his attention towards the bathroom doorway with impatience running through him and were rewarded when Laurena dressed in some sweat suit while wearing her familiar gloves walked out that had surprise on her face seeing him. Exhaling a breath he got up from the rocking chair as she walked up to he and he handed her Nathan who still gave off his wailing crying noises. 
He heard her electronic glove go off sounding “Oh he’s hungry.”
Jinks sighed watching as Laurena went to the rocking chair and sat adjusting her top baring a breast and brought Nathan to it to suckle who stopped his crying noises. Jinks stood watching Laurena’s face show a zone out expression as Nathan he observed had his meal followed by her shaking her head with the expression gone from her face as she brought the baby to her shoulder patting his back. He folded his arms eyes on Laurena who stopped patting Nathan and adjusted her top covering her breast before getting up from the rocking chair. 
He stared at Laurena who signed with one hand with her arm device giving off words “Come along, Jinks. You need nourishment from fighting that sickness you had.” 
Jinks nodded his head and followed her out of the bedroom down the hallway to the stairs which he went down and continued to follow her to the dining room. 
Once in the dining room he eyed two trays filled with food on the table both having cups filled with thick pink liquid and heard Laurena’s device go off speaking “The tray with the cooked cheese sandwiches and fries is for you as part of your food requirements so eat. I expect you to eat all of it.”
He with no protest went to the tray with the food Laurena indicated and sat down taking a sandwich and eating it. He found himself ravenously hungry willed he to take his time eating the food which he ate leaving nothing left and drank up all the liquid in the cup he discovered was strawberry milkshake. Once done Jinks grabbed the napkin and wiped his mouth clean with it then leaned back in the chair feeling he better and fully returned to normal. He heard the dogs outside barking noises that sounded like they were sounding the alarm and saw the sunlight become blocked out which he darted towards a window and peered through the blinds eyes aimed at the sky. He saw the High Council’s familiar ship floating above blocking part of the sunlight and bared his teeth fisting his hands. 
He heard Laurena’s device go off “Jinks, what’s going on out there?” 
Jinks instead of answering jogged out of the dining room towards the front doors which were open to walk outside underneath the porch to stand staring at the ship. He blinked his eyes to find himself standing in the dining room next to Laurena looking confused while holding Nathan and heard an explosion like sound sounding repeatedly. Jinks darted towards the window to peer through the blinds at the ship seeing bolts of fire coming from a sideways direction hitting the ship that flew up towards the sun becoming smaller and smaller. He felt a rumbling like vibration and looked to see the ship in the sky burst into a giant fireball as another ship came into view looking different from the first ship that flew towards the fire ball firing bolts of fire towards it repeatedly. 

“Further memories as remembered.” Writes Brandis

Jinks sat in the Senator’s bedroom sitting in an armchair across from Laurena sitting in another armchair. 
He signed to Laurena “What happened to me and how did I wound up here?”
Laurena signed without gloves on “You fell ill with a sickness and while recovering the doctor there said that a change of scenery will do you some good to help you heal.” 
He frowned raising his hands up as he saw Nathan lying on Laurena’s lap’s form change into a wolf appearing to be a cub. 
He signed “Laurena, check Nathan. Are you aware of that?”
He stared at Laurena who looked down at Nathan then looked up to sign “It’s a normal thing among Amula babies. It is sometimes a defense move for an Amula baby when threatened to change into a wolf cub to either get away or defend themselves from danger. This stops when their around two years old and hit again when their in their teens mostly from the ages of fifteen to eighteen is when it becomes permanent.” 
Jinks nodded his head as he heard the door open and looked to see the Senator walk into the room who he noticed speed walked up to Laurena who got up from the chair to hug and kiss him. 
He gets asked “Could you please babysat Nathan for the night?” by the Senator begging him to do it. 
Not sure what ‘babysat’ means but the Senator adds “I have already ordered the staff to put a crib into the guest room along with a fridge for Nathan’s milk.” 

Written by Brandis “I recall as further nothing else involving Jinks’ reaction to that pleading. I remember nothing else involving the Senator and Laurena together despite Zerra still bugging me to remember Jinks Montreal as insisted by her. Ugh I remember further that night fell where Jinks was staying in the guest room.”

Night fells Jinks in the guest room finds that he can’t sleep sits up on the bed to stare at the door. Jinks see the lock slide from the locking position and gets up from the bed to see a Drainer via identification. The Drainer appearing to be Jimo from the looks of him enter the room that close the door behind him. He stares at the drainer as yellow golden Hades like eyes appear in front of the Drainer followed by a figure with a male form with Hades’ like black hair while dressed in white with yellow golden Hades’ like eyes and a Hades’ like white face while dressed in white pants and white long sleeve top with clawed hands. 
He frowns as the Hades figure speaks in foreign language with Drainer translating “Says you’re not Osiris despite having Osiris’ body.” which he speaks “I was Osiris’ son created from a part taken from Osiris’ body and implanted into a Human female.”
He frowns as the Drainer translates “Says the Hades’ twinning of our appearance is part of a race of elementals called Charon with Hades as our lord and master. We currently have a war with the High Council.” 
The Drainer continues “Says a Charon answering to the name of Lance Richard told us to protect Osiris. 
He while adding ‘I as Osiris has my son inhibiting my body.’ 
We are just checking out what Lance told us.” 
The Charon fades from view indicating a hidden invisibility status followed by the Drainer opening the door and leaving the room shutting it closed behind him. He hears Nathan give off a wailing noise goes to the crib to peer at the kid. Jinks recognized the wail as a hungry wail noise lifts up the baby to cradle him and finds the fridge in an armoire in the room. Jinks takes out a bottle of milk that feels warm to his touch and goes to the armchair to sit in it which he discovers it’s a padded rocking chair. Jinks fed Nathan the milk by putting bottle nipple into Nathan’s mouth that sucks onto it drinking all of the milk leaving no drop left. Jinks sets the bottle on a table stand next to the rocking chair then puts Nathan on his shoulder patting his back and hears the baby give off a burp like noise. He leans back onto the rocking chair and settles Nathan lying in his arms and gently rocks the rocking chair back and forth till he feels sleepy shuts his eyes and passes out unconscious. 

Jinks come to detect daylight shining through the windows with the sun slowing getting brighter and Nathan gone from his arms. He feels a little panicked till his eyes fell on the bed as if drawn. Jinks go to and squats to peer underneath to see a wolf cub lying curled in a ball appearing to be asleep underneath the bed on the thick rugged floor. Jinks reached out a hand and lifts up the wolf cub out from underneath the bed that doesn’t stir but keeps on slumbering. He takes the wolf cub to the crib and lay him on his back as the wolf cub changes into a sleeping baby Nathan. Jinks keeps his hand on the baby’s stomach feeling the baby’s breathing from the moving up and down motions while sleeping. He watches Nathan sleep feeling a little satisfied having his hand on Nathan’s stomach as he hears a door knocking sound. Jinks removes his hand and goes to the door opening it to see Laurena dressed in a sweat suit that barge into the room going to the crib to peer at Nathan. He frowns staring at her as she lifts up the baby and cradles Nathan to her chest with a happy look on her face and watches her kiss the baby on the forehead who keeps on sleeping. 

“From what I remember next” writes Brandis.

Jinks jerked his eyes open feeling his senses blaring warning. He looked to see a female form wearing some goggles covering her eyes and Highlander ears sticking out on the sides of her head while holding a gun like weapon aimed at him from standing next to the bed. He willed the Master through to glare at her with narrowed eyes as she abruptly disappeared in a flash of light. Jinks frowned as an image of the Highlander female flashed in his mind showing her in a brown walled room looking confused followed by her going to a door that looked familiar and banging on it. He frowned recognizing the door as the one in the Lotus Order’s temple when he stayed there long time ago. He frowned some more as the memory of Asians in the area looking at him with different emotions on their faces as he walked by them in Chinatown. He stiffened as it dawned to him that the Asians were actually Highlanders that were reading his mind hence their faces showing emotions while staring at him walking by them. Jinks willed the Master away shut his eyes and jerked them open when he heard a sound of banging on the door. Groaning he reached over and turned on the lamp and got up from the bed feeling disgust running through him. He went to the door and unlocked it yanking it open with a slam to see Laurena looking annoyed by her facial expression. 
He stared at her as she signed without her gloves on “There’s a no lock doors policy in the house at night time and I expect you to honor it period.” 
Jinks frowned signing “I get the message on what you’re implying that the doors should be unlocked for emergency personal to come and get us out of the house if the need arrives.” 
He saw Laurena’s expression turn more glaring as she walked by him speed walking into his bathroom. He growled some sound of annoyance feeling he getting annoyed to fold his arms glaring at the bathroom doorway as Laurena walked out. 
He gave her a glare as she signed “I smell a female in your room and I want to know where she went.”
Jinks thought to himself “I might as well lie for I don’t think she’ll believe me if I mention the three plants and their transporting ability to her.”
He signed with his hands “I threw her out the window for she wasn’t what I had in mind.” 
He stared at Laurena whose expression remained the same to sign “Yeah right.” 
Jinks watched her leave the room then he grabbed the doorknob and slammed the door shut behind her. He shook his head groaning loudly and went to the bed to lie in it turning off the lamp and pulled the blankets up to his chest while shutting his eyes feeling himself needing the sleep. 

Jinks woke up with a jerk seeing the room washed with sunlight shining through the sheer curtains from the windows. He yawned feeling himself a bit rested and with a sigh got up from the bed and went into the bathroom to grab his clothes folded on the sink counter putting them on along with his shoes while taking off his sweatpants. He sighed and left the bedroom taking a route to the dining room to see the Senator there with Laurena both eating and Nathan he saw lying in a shallow crib between their seats. He spotted on the table on the Senator’s left was a tray holding dishware filled with food and a cup filled with pink liquid. He went to the chair and sat ignoring the couple’s sign language conversation absent mildly not paying attention to it. Once done with the food Jinks leaned back in the chair and raised his eyes to stare at the Senator to see he was done with his food and was looking at him. 
He frowned as the Senator spoke using his voice and not signing with his hands “I have a confession to make. Over a year ago after marrying Laurena I was diagnosed with cancer and had a tumor removed along with some heavy medication to help cure me from the cancer. This left me not able to father children through mating ways and that the doctors advised me not to use myself for an implantation I was hoping to get into Laurena.”
Jinks frowned some more as the Senator continued speaking “Laurena got out of a bad relationship with a boyfriend just prior to meeting me and during our courtship the boyfriend in question harassed her with threats. I had to use my influence as a Senator and money to keep the ex boyfriend off of Laurena which was successful for a time till she disappeared.”
He stared at the Senator who paused then continued to speak “The ex boyfriend successfully outwitted me by kidnapping Laurena as a rented limo driver and brought her to New York City to hide. He did his abuse to Laurena as retaliation against her breaking up the relationship. She has admitted that while suffering from him along with repeatedly replaying memories of our courtship as a sane way to survive the torture.”
Jinks formed the frown on his face as the Senator added “I apologize for myself and Laurena for not saying anything to you about us being married to each other when she was expecting your child.”
Jinks nodded his head in agreement. 
The Senator spoke “I found out by sources in the Master group by some peasants that Laurena was under your care and pregnant with your child. The reason I didn’t say anything for I wasn’t sure of Laurena’s frame of mind from suffering the abuse and what her reaction would be if I came forward admitting that she was my wife. I was afraid her reaction would be negative with divorce in mind something I don’t want for I love her very much hence my silence.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as the Senator kept talking “Laurena has with some counseling help admitted after Nathan’s birth that she didn’t say anything to you about being married for she was afraid of what my reaction would be to learn that she mated with another man and wound up carrying the man’s child. She was more nervous on what my reaction would be if I learned that she was tortured and shot the abuser which she was thinking it would cause a scandal among the governmental officials enough to tarnish my reputation to consider divorcing her just to get rid of her. I should add that Laurena and I are currently undergoing in home counseling through a licensed therapist that is a member of the Knights group in the organization.”   	

“Later as remembered.” writes Brandis.
 
Jinks at the penthouse confront Willingham “You were on knowing that the necklace is poisoned!” which the butler is tight lipped and refuses to say “Why you knew?” despite Jinks using the Master and threatening him. 
Jinks gets annoyed goes outside to sit on the bench gets up to see the guards hit the ground and feels himself surrounded by men wearing army combat fatigues in Master clothing haul him into a van and chain him to a wheelchair and blindfold him. Jinks feel the van’s movements that don’t make any sense for it’s all over the place. Jinks feels the wheelchair move as if pushed out of the van into something like an elevator then out of the elevator to stop after a few meters. 
Then blind fold is removed showing him underneath a spot light and there’s a man wearing a suit with a tie with red hair “I’m calling myself Donald.” and a woman looking very sexy behind him while wearing a mask covering her face but showing the rest of her head. 
He frowns as Donald speaks “I’ll make a deal on having you mate with my wife for a baby in exchange for unlimited information on the servants in the penthouse.” 
Jinks doesn’t say anything feels annoyed as the blind fold is placed back on his face then he feels himself moved to an elevator and moved while hearing doors sounding like double doors opening and figures walking away from him followed by the chains breaking open and door closing behind him. He removes blindfold to discover he’s in a room with a mattress on it and there’s a sheer curtained window that leads to outside which he peers out to recognize that he’s in Burke’s office building from the scenery looking familiar when he worked there as a janitor some time ago. 
He hears the doors open and close and hears a musical voice asking him “Are you willing to uphold Donald’s bargain on mating with me?” 
He turns around to see a thin African woman and his eyes fall on her abdomen and heard a male voice say Hello!”
The voice sounded twin to a Meritanian via noises tells him via mind thought “She pregnant!”
Jinks goes up to her and folds his arms while glaring at her. 
Jinks sees she looks confused say “I don’t mate with pregnant women.” 
He sees her eyes widen with a knowing look in them that tells him that he was right on her being expecting as the doors behind her open and two men in Master army combat gears point guns at him “We order the woman out!” 
He figures that the room is bugged with listening devices and cameras in the ceiling as the woman leaves the room. He goes back to the window to peer out and hears the doors open and close behind him. He looks to see the sexy masked woman is there with arms folded who repeats the African woman’s words. He eyes her and gets warning bells blaring within him that he thinks there’s something wrong with the woman hence his senses blaring. 
He goes up to her and feels compelled to kiss her on the lips asks her “I want your permission to do that lip kissing.” which she says “You can do what you wants as long as I wounds up carrying a baby.” 
He places a hand on her shoulder and gets his senses blaring again which he leans forwards and kisses her on the lips and hears Lance’s voice speaking in his mind telling him “The woman has implants in her breasts and a sexually transmitted disease that won’t go away if it gets into you and has a birth control device implanted inside her to prevent a pregnancy with her system addicted to some sort of drug that is affecting her lungs. She’s beginning to feel the affects of cancer from it.” 
Jinks breaks off kiss as Lance’s voice becomes silent. 
He places a hand on her throat and gags her speaking with the Master blown through him “I don’t appreciate being tricked! I want the truth on Donald’s machinations!”  
He gags the woman who blurts out “I’m just a prostitute who the man Donald paid me to mate a man of Donald’s choosing!” as the doors open showing four army men with guns pointing at him. 
He hears one of them yell “We order the woman out while ordering you to free her or we’ll shoot darts knocking you out!” 
He releases his hold on her neck as she bents down coughing and still bent goes to the army men while coughing very bad who take her out of the room with them leaving and slamming the door. He again goes to the window to stare out the window and hears the doors open which he turns to look and sees Donald walk into the room with four army men who have guns pointed his way. He glares at Donald with the Master still in control in him. 
Jinks give Donald a glare who speaks “I was testing you to see if the Master Lance Richard gave you special abilities. It appears that the Master has done that by proving it with the two women I tried to get you to mate with.”   
Jinks gets annoyed waves a hand paralyzing Donald and the guards and walk out of the room using his memory to find the stairwell which he finds and takes to the lobby to find twenty men armed with bullet guns there that arm their guns and point it at him when they see him. He sees above them on the windows is two tapestries one of Lance and one of Simon which gets him annoyed about. He walks towards the guards waving a hand and sees them pick at their guns that are jammed with fear looks on their faces aimed at him. He feels a prick of pain from behind him in his back followed by sleepiness and he falls unconscious. 

Jinks wakes up in a squat position chained to a wall and hears splashing sounds which he straightens up his form to look around and sees he’s in a square room with the floor is a pool and there’s a shark like gonoid swimming in it. He is standing on a platform above the water which he breaks himself free of the chains and then gets the Master blown in him. Jinks get a weird feeling and used the shark as a bridge to get to the door where there is another platform there. Door opens as he stands on the platform to show Donald that comes into the room looking annoyed. He grabs Donald and pushes him into the water then squats to grab the shark by the top fin holding it in place as Donald flounders in the water before standing up water up to his chest. 
Jinks tortures Donald to tell “Why you’re treating me like this tortured crap onto me?’ which Donald won’t say frees the shark and Donald blurts out “Master Simon, help me!” 
He straightens up his form while hearing Donald’s words speaks “What did you say?!” 
He glares at Donald who has a fear look on his face as he finds himself floating above his body and sees his form change into Lance who seems angry berates Donald with him hearing the words “You idiot for believing in a crook like Simon when you should be believing in Lance Richard myself instead!” 
He watches as Lance adds “I instruct Donald to walk slowly towards the platform which will get the shark to ignore you.” the man does then Lance hauls him out. 
He finds himself back into his body with the Master willed away from him and finds himself pushed into the pool by Donald. He feels annoyed at Donald for doing that and slowly walks to the platform as Donald bangs on the door calling for a guard. He climbs out of the platform and sees the door open showing a Drainer that orders him out despite Donald’s protests. He walks out with the Drainer slamming the door behind him and locking it. He sees the guards are on the floor back to the wall appearing to be asleep.
The Drainer tells him “You’re not to panic.” as he sees a giant fireball heading towards him from the hallway.
Jinks shuts his eyes as the fireball reaches him to discover that the fireball’s fire is drying him of the wetness which he doesn’t complain and feels he completely dry and the fireball leaving him. He opens his eyes to discover the fireball gone but the Drainer is still standing next to him. He is ordered to follow the Drainer which he does through a hallway till they reach stairs and then enter another hallway reaching the elevator and take it to a floor which opens. 
Jinks recognized the area as Burke Richardson’s office floor and is escorted to Burke’s office and left inside by the Drainer who says “I’ll be back.” 
He stands in the room and discovers that he’s not alone sees multiple Hades’ like eyes appear surrounding a table followed by forms appearing to be males and females exactly like the Charon he met some time ago. He frowns as the Charon chat in foreign language him not understanding their words faces aimed at him till the door opens behind him and he sees the familiar Drainer walk into the room shutting the door. 
He frowns as the Drainer translates “Says we the Charon insist you to sit down period.” which he obeys grabbing a chair and sits in it. 
He hears the Drainer translate “Says we’re asking you what you knew about Lance Richard.” which he finds himself floating above and sees his form change into Lance who speaks with annoyance “The Charon should be asking me about myself instead of by my son Jinks.” 
He frowns as a Charon reaches forward putting hands on Lance’s shoulders then lean backwards. Jinks find himself back into his body and heard a choking sound which he looks on his right to see a Charon gagging Lance to his shock by the throat. The Charon speaks foreign language with the Drainer not translating and then hears Lance answer him in foreign language. The Charon stops choking Lance who bents down coughing before straightening up his form. He frowns wondering how Lance got there as there was a knock on the door heard and sees the Charon fade from view as Lance he sees turns his eyes all black and fades from view which he figures that they turn invisible and are still in the room. He frowns as the drainer goes to stand next to him by the chair as the door opens showing Donald with an angry look on his face and a towel around his shoulders and two guards who come into the room. 
Jinks frowns as the Drainer speaks “I’m just protecting people’s interests.” while gesturing with his chin towards Jinks himself while folding his arms. 
He doesn’t comment as Donald tells “Guards to escort this Jinks Montreal out of the building for he has overstayed his welcome.” 
He follows guards out of the room with the Drainer following him till they reach the lobby and the two guards wave away the lobby guards’ arming with their hands. He goes outside and stands with the Drainer finding that he has to walk to the penthouse building and does that walking in the city followed by the Drainer walking behind him. He notices people looking at him with reverence in their eyes as he walks in the city which gets him a little creep out. He continues to walk finding that he has to walk through Chinatown to get to the penthouse building does that and notices Asians looking his way and feels his mind scanned from the headache hitting him. 
Jinks get stopped by an Asian that speaks in a Highlander accent “I’m telling you to go to the Lotus Order temple for they asked for you.” 
He obeys with the Drainer following goes to the Lotus Order temple to see an Asian Human standing at the entrance dressed in orange Charon like clothes that spoke “I tell the Drainer to stay outside. I orders Jinks to follow me inside.” 
He obeys walking inside the temple following the monk he assumes till they reach a door which there’s pounding heard from it. He frowns as the monk waves a hand and the door opens and he sees the familiar female Highlander fall out of the doorway that quickly get up to glare at him with anger. 
He frowns as the monk spoke “I orders you to mate with her.” which the female spoke “I must protests saying I’m not doing that for its forbidden.” but is silenced by the monk glaring at her. 
He is ordered into the room and the door slams closed behind him. 
He eyes the female Highlander who speaks “I would rather be dead than mate with a First One.” 
He hears an edge in her voice that tells him as thought “She’s not convinced with her words.” and says “You’re not convinced with your words.”
Jinks see a big frown on her face as she again speaks “I prefer something else.” with again with that tone in her voice that sounded like a little girl’s voice tone from memory.
 He comments “You’re not convinced with your words.”
Jinks see a look on her face that looks like slobbering pleading which he thinks as thought “She wanted to mate with a Human and is too proud to admit it.” 
Jinks takes off his shirt baring his muscular chest and abs and sees the Highlander’s eyes widen with her eyes staring at his front with approval on her face as assumed was it. He strips himself of the remainder of his clothes till he’s naked and stands staring at her with a glare. He eyes the female who with hesitance in her movements strips herself of her clothes and watches her go to the mattress on the floor and lies on it with her hands up towards him. He gets her message goes to the mattress and lies his form on top of her while feeling her happy from his skin touching her. He enters her feeling charges of pleasure hitting him each time he enters her while staring at her in the face which he sees her eyes shut with a pleasant look on it. He doesn’t hold himself back spills inside her and hears her give off a moaning like gasp which he kisses her on the cheek and again mates with her which she raises her head up baring her neck. Jinks kiss her neck repeatedly as he mated with her and doesn’t hold himself back and once done pulls out and eyes her curling into a ball and hears her give off crying sounds. 
Jinks thought as figured “She’s reacting from the mating that pleasured her despite herself debating on wanting it or not.” 
He gets up and gets dressed and stands staring at her as the door opens behind him followed by a throat clearing noise which he turns and walks out to meet the same monk again who shuts the door behind him. 
“I ordered you to follow.” said the monk. 
Jinks do and are led to the entrance where the Drainer is there and the monk tells him “You’re to go to a street for there’s a car waiting for you to drive you to the penthouse building.” 
He obeys leaving Chinatown and spots a limo sitting at a curb with a Highlander standing in front of it who speaks to him “I’m telling you Jinks Montreal or whatever name you are to get in.” which he does with the Drainer following him. 
Inside he sits and spots a pair of black eyes appear in front of him from a seat followed by Lance’s form becoming solid with the eyes fading from view to show Human blue eyes. Jinks frown as Lance puts a finger to his lips and nods his head to show that he gets Lance’s message. He frowns some more as the car reaches the penthouse building and he gets out as Lance fades from view with the Drainer following him. He enters the building not stopped and once inside hits the elevator to the penthouse followed by the Drainer. Once inside the penthouse he meets Willingham who has some strange look in his eyes seeing the Drainer that tells him “Willingham possibly knows about the Charon hence the look.” 
“You is ordered to go to the dining room.” by the butler which he does and there meets Lance sitting in a chair there. 
He frowns on how Lance got from the car to the dining room before he got there. 

“I don’t remember what happened next except this scene.” written by Brandis.

Jinks takes a shower while feeling himself watched and then comes out to discover his sweat pants gone and walks out into the bedroom to see a Charon and Lance have the sweatpants while speaking in foreign language that sounds like their having an argument. He is handed sweatpants by Lance which he puts on his form then goes to bed to sleep and meets the Meritanians again who don’t say much. 
Jinks then sees Lance next to him who speaks “There’s nothing I can do from my former position.” 
Then Jinks gets his eyes shut by Lance and wakes up in bed in the morning. He senses the Charon are gone gets up and gets dressed walking out to the dining room to eat breakfast while noticing that the Drainer is gone but Willingham is tight lipped on that when he asks about the Charon. Jinks wound up standing up transported to a room appearing to hold a traveler’s gate from the looks of it. The room seems familiar to me but not sure where it is. Jinks goes through a gate as if compelled after transported to the gate to stand on the High Council’s dais facing the Hyperon. I know their Hyperon as by the scaly snake like skin that’s more muscular and budgie with reed claws as their fingers including fanged teeth from their mouths. Yuck. He using the Master gets a Hyperon to put on the scorpion or Keo tech that Anubis used revert its form into a female with Human appearance and odd colored gonoid like eyes of yellow.
Jinks spoke sounding out of it to me “I tell you to go through the gate with a message.”
He stands and waits as the Amula female returns then he mentally gets the scorpion off of her arm then she changes back into a Hyperon. He senses the High Council is coming through the gate behind him darts down the stairs to hide among the Hyperon that scatter away from him as if afraid. Jinks spots a large sarcophagus and hides behind it to see the High Council arrive and Anubis with Hawk guards arrive from a gate opposite the High Council. His hiding place is found out by a Shadonian pointing his gun at him and yelling in foreign language which gets him from hiding to walk towards the dais with the Shadonian behind him. He senses that the Shadonian is part Hyperon from the looks of him who gets him to Anubis and he is forced to kneel staring at the High Council. 
He doesn’t say anything as the High Council spoke “We recognize this intruder as Osiris.” and “Lance” he figures “is keeps the High Council from scanning my mind or doing anything to it.’ 
One of the members gets up appearing to choke to death before falling to the ground then he gets knocked out by Anubis hitting him with his staff on his head. 

Jinks wakes up in an arm chair patting on his face by an Annukai which he discovers he’s in the bar again. 
He refuses the drink saying “I refuse to drink on the account I don’t want to insult the Listeners again while under the influence.” 
He gets memory of Isis sending Osiris a letter and Set has guards keep him from going to Isis by knocking him out. 
Jinks walks to Nameless to speak “I’m asking the Shadonian calling he Nameless as he wishes to be named, about the guards obeying someone else and not their ruler.” 
He frowns as Nameless speaks “The guards have families who aren’t that well off as their ruler. If their families were given something to improve their lives their loyalty will change to someone else.” 
He frowns as he gets memory of Osiris visiting Isis sleeping in bed and she appears to be pregnant which he remembers Osiris putting a hand on Isis’s swollen abdomen while in presence of two guards. 
Jinks spoke “I ask Nameless about guards’ loyalty still to the ruler despite not changing despite bribery.” 
Nameless he listens speaks “Some guards don’t have families. They join the guardianship for a purpose to live. Guards wishing to improve their ranks would kill a guard that is higher ranked then them to get their rank.” 
He frowns as Nameless continues to speak “Loyal guards were under the threat of lower ranking guards trying to kill them for their higher rank. This was possibly encouraged by someone else not their ruler just to keep the guards loyal to this person.” 
He asks “What about the guards’ captain?” which Nameless speaks “If the Captain wasn’t the same race as the guards he would be accused of being a spy and thrown in the brig by other guards loyal to someone else-“ 
At that moment he is interrupted by a Highlander wearing a mask entering the room speaking “The High Council has demanded Osiris’s presence now!” 
Jinks leaves following Highlander to the travel room and gets knocked out. 

Jinks waked up naked in the gate cage again by Nameless patting his cheek and he sees Mesen again as a Dragon. He and Nameless are pulled out by Mesen which he uses the Master to keep Mesen from eating the both of them. Jinks mentally controls Mesen to carry them to the gate and once there mentally uses Mesen to distract Anubis and Hawk guards. He and Nameless go through the gate to arrive in a cave room where a Wiser is there. The Wiser takes Nameless and himself out of the cave through a white room with beds and outside into the rain which he feels himself better. 
He is told by Wiser “You’re to get on my back!”
Jinks do and Wiser he feels jumps into the air traveling throughout the area he senses through the rainstorm is a forest and then arrives at an area.
Jinks are ordered “I order you off my back!”
 Jinks then led to shelter that is a teepee which he is told “Your to stay inside till Wiser comes back.” 
Jinks explores teepee finding some items like blankets to sleep with and pillows along with some clothes which are gonoid skins that he puts on his form wearing them. He hears the rain stop feels sick goes outside in the wetness and throws up a device he recognizes as one he threw up before. 
Wiser comes to him appearing out of nowhere via whining like squeal sound saying “I’m telling you to stay in the teepee while I will handle the device’s contents.” 
Jinks goes back into teepee to stay in and feels tired enough to sleep uses blankets to cover himself and pillows for his head shuts his eyes falling asleep. 

Jinks dream of Janel and Roosevelt both dressed in white robes which Janel hugs him and Roosevelt puts a hand covering his mouth to keep him from talking which he feels a bad feeling and wonders what it is as Janel’s hugging becomes ironclad grip. He notices Roosevelt is looking past him with the man’s eyes turning all black and frowns wondering what’s going on as the scene goes black. 

Jinks comes to find its daylight and the storm is gone wakes up to sit in the teepee thinking “I’m wondering what happened that night?” and peers around the blanket to look outside.
Jinks see nothing amiss and no people but several huts and teepees scattered around the area in his line of sight. 
A Wiser jumps into view from above him and orders “You out!” which he goes out then ordered “You onto my back!” 
Jinks do and hangs on as the Wiser jumps into the air jumping from tree top to tree top doing very high jumps and landing into a tree top till the Wiser lands on the ground and he is told “I ordered you off!” ‘
He gets off to see a Drainer which the Wiser “I tell you that the Drainer is to transport you someplace longer distance than my travel means.”
Jinks see a globe come from the Drainer and surround the Drainer in a golden ball and he is ordered “You to walk inside!” by the Wiser which he does seeing the Drainer inside it. He doesn’t comment as the Drainer with arm and hand motions feels the ball traveling in the air and sees the scenes of outside as the ball travels. He watches as the ball travels over ocean water for a few sun positions then arrive at a cruise like ship and land on it. Then the globe reverts and the Drainer is met by another Drainer saying “Jimo.” and the Drainer saying the name “Ian.” 
Jinks are ordered by Jimo “You to get inside the Zesky hospital now!”
A guard leads him to a room and he once inside takes a shower and exchanges his clothes to sweats then lies on the bed falling asleep. 

Jinks dreamed of Lance who spoke “I’m irate because the High Council can’t stop picking on Jinks himself because he’s Osiris.  I’m further annoyed that people aren’t protecting Jinks like I asked them to do it.” 
He doesn’t say a word as Lance continues to rant “The Meritanians aren’t doing a good job keeping Jinks I names out of the High Council’s hands despite me threatening to use my earth shaking power.  I’m angry about that.” 
Jinks at the moment sees white hooded figures three of them in a row standing a few meters behind Lance on the ground and feels creep out by the hoods that seem sinister and bothers him. Lance at the moment Jinks stares at stops ranting to seem to turn around staring at the hoods then abruptly turns towards him covering his eyes. 

Jinks find he back in the Zesky hospital room waking up as daylight is still outside while feeling some soreness hitting him all over. He goes to the window to peer and sees the sun is rising from the horizon figures that he fell asleep for a long time and hears the door open behind him and turns around to face Alexei. 
Alexei tells him “The High Council before your arrival sent a ship here to get Mesen who went with them willingly. Jinks, you were tested all over for any devices implanted in you. We didn’t find but found that the results are the same as their previous tests.” 
Alexei mentions “The Drainer Ian talked about white hooded figures seen from a landed vast ship in the water bordering Drainer Island that have contacted the Drainer King for information about the High Council. They have refused to say their racial name or reveal themselves despite wearing hooded robes.” 
Jinks stiffen hearing that as Alexei continues “The hooded robed figures according to Ian had some defense against the Drainers trying to feed off of them. It was some mental power to get the Drainer to feed off they while imagining feeding off them. They have done that several times to the Drainers who were slow to get the message that they didn’t want to be fed off.” 
Jinks frowns as Alexei continues to speak “Ian has mentioned ‘The Hoods, we the Drainers call them seemed to have an interest in finding someone they have given the name of War Master Avi. They described as a male they shown by drawing of a male’s face to the Drainers who at the moment don’t know who he is.’” 
Alexei continues to speak “Ian was given a copy of the drawing and showed it to me myself. I recognized the male as Jinks from the looks of it and mentioned it to Ian who left the Zesky hospital to travel to Drainer Island just to inform the Hoods of this.” 
Jinks don’t say a word as Alexei continues to speak “Before I came to the room I was told that a helicopter has been sighted heading towards the Zesky ship requesting permission to land. I went to your room and expecting a phone call from my communications officer on who the helicopter people are.” 
Jinks nods his head as he hears a ringing sound figures “Its Alexei’s phone.” who pulls out a cell phone unfolding it and sticks it to his ear with Jinks eavesdropping on the talk hears “The helicopter is very large sized and sinister looking from the looks of it. Jimo came out to meet the inhabitants who came out that are people wearing white hooded robes that have requested for Jinks himself.” 
He frowns as Alexei folds his phone and puts it away then speaks “Its odd that the Hoods got Ian’s message so fast.” and then is led out of the room.
Jinks following Alexei while wearing the sweats and just socks on his feet and on the way is met by a guard who gives him sneakers. Jinks put on and then continued to follow Alexei to the hangar room to outside to see that the helicopter is on the large size looking sinister looking and there’s a Hood standing outside it in front of an open entrance. 
He is led to the helicopter by Alexei which Jimo there speaks “The Hoods were told of Jinks by someone else they name as Ramses.” 
Jinks figured “It’s the Meritanian who told the hoods.” 
He is told by Jimo “They ordered you inside the helicopter.” and goes inside only to get blindfolded and forced into a seat and told mentally “You’re to keep the blind fold on period for we insisted on that.” 
He doesn’t protest feels a seat belt put on him and then feels the motion of the helicopter rising in the air taking off. He continues to sit feeling the helicopter’s motions that don’t make sense for it’s like a roller coaster flying everywhere all over the place. Then the motion stops by a feeling of the helicopter hovering and lowering itself while hearing a loud clanging noise then a bang then silence and then the blindfold is yanked off his face as the seat belt is removed. He frowns as there is a spotlight shining over him with inky blackness surrounding him and he doesn’t see anything else but is compelled to get up from the seat and kneel.
Jinks does frowning inwardly thinking “I’m wondering what is going on.”   
Jinks sees a spotlight flash shining on a male kneeling in front of him that appears to be Human despite having clawed hands and dirty blonde long hair with golden eyes and a Human facial appearance with Human ears while staring at him wearing a white robe. He feels a little creep out while sensing his mind scanned. The Master in him gets abruptly forced forwards and he feels sleepiness lays his form on his back and shuts his eyes to dream of himself at the beach facing Lance who seems angry about something. Jinks sees behind Lance three Hoods and sees Lance turn around noticing them then grabs Lance’s wrists when the male tries to cover his eyes and force them shut. He twists Lance around to face the Hoods while still having a grip on Lance’s wrists. He gets a memory of Lance mating with a young woman appearing to be Jacinda then the scene flashes to show her sitting in a chair with her abdomen swollen through her dress and Lance is putting a hand on her who abruptly looks up towards the door which opens as Hoods come into the room. Lance attacks the Hoods with his sword but is blocked by them grabbing him and restraining him and he watches as Jacinda is carried out of the room through the door which the Hoods disappear from eye sight. Lance goes to the door and can’t open it pounds on it for a while then storms to the bed to sit on it with anger in his form till pounding was heard on his door which he goes to yank it open.
The door’s opening showing a human looking panicked that talks “My wife having a baby! Its time for her to have it! I need help in getting her to birth it!” 
Lance shrugs then darts to the corner of the room to pick up a duffle bag and darts out of the doorway slamming the door. Then the door opens to show Lance coming in looking haggard and tired which he darts to the bed to see Jacinda lying on it looking upset and feels her abdomen to see that she’s no longer expecting and feels upset about it. The scene goes black as Jinks finds himself still at the beach restraining Lance as the three Hoods appear to glide forwards till their in front of Lance who struggles in Jinks’ grip while giving off sounds of terror. Jinks watches as one of the Hoods reaches forwards with hands covered in black gloves while appearing to be humanoid looking and touches Lance on the cheeks who give off a sharp groaning noise.
Jinks hears “Found you Daddy!” spoken in a male voice. 
He hears Lance speak “Dalton!” sounding confused as the male voice again speaks “You daddy is who I’ve been looking for my father dubbed War Master Avi by the Ghost Walkers. Their, a race that is invisible to the other manoid species except a few with special visions can see them clear as day.”  
Jinks releases his hold on Lance who berates him “You’re to not do that again!” then covers his eyes.

Jinks find he lying on something different with a foot kicking him in the side. He jerks open his eyes to see Anubis standing over him and finds he’s in the High Council’s throne room.
Jinks thinks “I wonders how I got there.” as he gets up to kneel. 
He frowns as he feels something hit him on the head from behind and then goes unconscious. 

Jinks woke up in the gated cage room naked while holding a large knife in his right hand as he spots Mesen above with a hungry look in his eyes. He is lifted up by Mesen and watches as the Dragon opens its mouth and figures out what the knife is for as he falls unconscious. 

Jinks comes to find himself inside the Dragon in its stomach which he uses the knife to cut a hole in the stomach lining attempting to get out of the Dragon and feels himself retched out of the Dragon to hit the ground landing on his feet while covered with slime. He eyes the Dragon that act sick form changing into Mesen that lies on the ground unconscious. He hears a male voice sounding like an announcer speaking in foreign language and is compelled to kneeling stabbing Mesen on the chest as if in a trance. Jinks comes to find himself standing while holding a slimy bumpy object in his left hand and he is hacking it with the knife and continues to hack it till the bumpy object is in pieces and no more. His eyes travel to the ground to spot Mesen with a large gaping hole in his chest appearing to be dead.
Jinks thought “I realize that I cut out the heart organ and hacked it to pieces killing Mesen.” 
He blinks his eyes to find himself standing in his bedroom of the penthouse which he still carrying the knife as if compelled to continue holding it goes into the bathroom to the shower which he washes and cleanses himself very thoroughly using soap and shampoo with one hand still holding the knife. He goes to his sweat pants and puts them on then goes to the bed to lay his form on it while holding the knife then passes out unconscious. 

Jinks comes to feel a foot connecting with his stomach that irritates him to wake up and finds himself in the throne room of the High Council. 
He feels annoyed on how he got there figures “The Meritanians have been transporting me there.” 
He finds the knife is gone and hears Anubis whisper very loudly towards the High Council “I’m not bringing Osiris I names to Mesen for I had it with having to fight that gonoid’s attempts to eat him when I brought Osiris there to be eaten and doesn’t want to go through that again.” 
He frowns as Anubis whispers loudly calling “Ramses to transport Osiris out of there” finds himself transported to the gate room.
Jinks enters while getting an image of a palace throne room he recognizes belonged to Osiris as ruler and finds himself in a small room while hearing squealing sounds as Annukai appear surrounding him with guns drawn. He feels the room is an elevator that goes down and he’s forced out to see himself in a large giant room and sees manoid versions of Earth’s gonoids there in the room that seemed hostile towards him. He feels compelled to walk in a direction going past races that shrink away from him backing away with fear looks in their eyes. He reaches a hallway enters it to find double doors and opens the doors to go inside finding he’s in some restaurant like bar and spots an empty booth which he goes to, to sit down waiting. He waits as an Annukai with an annoyed expression slides into the booth opposite from him. 
Jinks spoke “I asks about who ordered the attack on Earth I names as Terra.” 
The Annukai replies with annoyance in his tone “The High Council ordered the attack. I’m sick of having to repeatedly tell that to Humans who ask me that question.” 
Jinks spoke in response “I ask why the High Council ordered the attack.” 
The Annukai replies “The High Council said ‘Humans were hunters who kill without mercy.’” 
Jinks frowns as the Annukai spoke “I demands to leave for I don’t want to answer any more questions.” 
He speaks “The races should have left some Humans alive on their home worlds to observe what the Humans will do to them like what the Shadonia have done on their home world Shadan. The only race Humans have targeted as hunters have been other Humans. They have yet to do it to the Shadonia or other races living on Shadan.” 
Annukai he stares at spoke “I demands to leave! I’m not interested in hearing more from this Human’s defense!” 
He spoke “You have my permission to leave.’ frowns as he sits in the booth and senses the crowd is hostile towards him and will get more hostile if he remains where he is. 
He gets up walking past the bar and is grabbed on the arm by a manoid appearing to be a white tiger who speaks “Humans aren’t wanted around here. The races will do anything to get rid of them including killing them. I orders this Human to get off the space station any chance he gets.” 
Jinks feel his arm freed watches as the tiger wipes his gloved hand on the bar edge then walks out of the restaurant to the large room again. Jinks feels compelled to go to a doorway and walks towards it going through it to walk several corridors till he reaches a wall puts a hand on the wall. The wall opens like an elevator door and he walks through feeling the wall close behind him putting him in inky blackness which a spotlight shines on a gated arch. Jinks walks towards it going through it while getting the palace scene again. He comes out into a metal like room to spot in front of him at the bottom of a ramp four men he sees are from memory had a young girl that kept Osiris alive. ‘
He sees the men are hostile comments “I’m asking where your little girl went?” 
Jinks sees the men look at each other then walk up the ramp taking him by the arms and haul him through the gate as he gets a forest scene flashing in his mind. He comes out at nighttime arms still held by the four men who haul him to a moving giant plant and stands as a familiar figure walks out of the plant he sees is the little girl. The men release their hold on him to bend down gripping their heads as he feels a bit on the sick side. He watches as the little girl walks up to him to put her hand on his muscular abs and feels himself better. His hand is taken by the little girl who takes him to the gate with the men following and he is compelled to go through it. Jinks gets an image of the High Council’s gate room enters the gate to come out into the gate room to see Anubis and Hawk guards there. Hawk guards he feels grabs his arms in an ironclad grip as Anubis darts forwards to gag him on the throat. 
He hears Anubis whisper “You’re not Osiris for Osiris showed no look of recognition in his eyes when he first met me. I figured out that someone else was posing as Osiris to make the High Council think he survived as a First One.” 
Jinks blink his eyes to find himself back in his bedroom in the penthouse feels tired and hits the bed shutting his eyes to pass out unconscious. 

Jinks comes to hearing banging on the door gets up to eye the clock that says eleven o’clock goes to the door to yank it open to see Willingham that looks annoyed spoke “I asks the Master if he is planning on sleeping all day or not.” 
Jinks speak “I’ll come out soon.”
Jinks slams the door in Willingham’s face goes into the bathroom to shower and walks to the closet to get some clothes on his form and then walks out of the bedroom to the hallway to spot Willingham with annoyance in his eyes in a glare on his face. He ignores Willingham to go to the dining room to eat breakfast.
Jinks is given a cake with a candle on it by Roberta and told “You’re to blow the candle out.” 
He feels like its not his birthday gets an image of Lance in his mind putting a finger to his lips with a frown on his face. 
He gets an image of Janel and Demeter makes a wish which “I wish to having a mate like Janel and a cat like Demeter.” to then blows out the candle. 
Willingham he watches takes the cake away and goes into the kitchen. He feels hungry waits as Willingham comes out carrying a plate with a cake slice and he feels annoyed with having to eat cake.
“I refuse.” but is told “I ordered the Master to eat the cake” by Willingham “Its part of the Master’s food requirements.” 
Jinks takes one bite swallowing it and feels that the cake tastes awful says “The cake tastes awful.” 
Jinks balks eating more of it only drinks his strawberry milk then balks Willingham’s protest of eating more of the cake which he says “I refused to eat more of that period.” 
He gets up walking to the gym room and on the way hits the floor fainting going unconscious. 

Jinks comes to feel himself lying in bed wearing his sweatpants and there’s a needle prick pain in the side of his throat which feels like a syringe was injected in his neck then removed making him sleepier. He falls asleep passing out unconscious to come to feeling himself better eyes the clock seeing it says nine o’clock gets up to take a shower in the bathroom then gets dressed to walk out of the bedroom to meet Willingham in the hallway looking shocked to see him which makes him confused. 
Jinks ask Willingham “What was going on?” which the butler refuses to talk says “I’ll see that the Master doesn’t get any more cake unless he requests to eat it.” 
He feels confused goes to the dining room to eat spots Willingham darting into the kitchen sees the newspapers “King’s Times” and “Master’s Herald” on the table grabs the “Master’s Herald” to see the headline on the front page saying “Look alike poisoned.” 
He feels himself get annoyed reads the article that detailed “Some Table member sent the look alike a cake laced with poison to kill off the look alike. The Table member was rumored to have beliefs in Simon Idaho as the Master and has been trying to get other Table members to believe in that view.” 
Jinks feel he get angry as he continues to read the article detailing “The look alike survived the poisoning by being given the antidote. The poisoning has been told of the situation by other members who have contacted Scotland to attend to the Table member who poisoned him in the first place.” 
Jinks feel angry but keeps himself calm to read the rest of the newspaper’s articles to find nothing much to add in it just Master stuff puts it on the table then waits as Roberta comes out carrying a tray of food with nervousness in her eyes. He eats the food ravenously and gulps the drink till there’s nothing left. He waits as Roberta hauls the tray into the kitchen sits stewing then once calm gets up going into the kitchen slamming the doors. He sees Willingham and Jeff pause from talking to look at his direction. 
Jinks speak “I’m asking why the servants didn’t tell me what happened to me when i had to find out by reading the newspaper.” 
He glares at the three servants that have nervousness in their eyes as Willingham speaks “That telling was not our place to mention this to the Master as ordered by the Master Lance Richard.” 
Jinks feels annoyed leaves the kitchen to go to the TV room to sit on the couch. 
He leans himself back and shuts his eyes to find himself on the beach facing Lance who spoke “I orders you to take the U.S.’s King, position.” which Jinks balks saying “I refuses period.” 
He is again told “I ordered you to take the King position for it’s what your expected to do.” 
Jinks balks again saying “I’m refusing I prefer to be anonymous.” 
He sees Lance become angry frowns as he abruptly feels a fist connect with his stomach making him bend down and feels Lance’s hand grab his hair thrusting his head up with another hand gagging him. 
Lance he’s sees has all black eyes speaks with anger in his tone “I expects Jinks to obey me period. You’ll do what I say for its part of my plans. I’ll do what it takes to have them come to fruition.” 
Jinks speak while gagging out “My past as a murderer killing some people will come out.  The murdered people’s families will target me to remove me from a high ranking position. They’ll do what it takes to keep me from becoming King something I don’t want to do.” 
He gags as Lance’s grip on his throat gets tighter as Lance speaks with anger in his tone “I plan to keep that fact under wraps by having Master cult members attending to those people in an attempt to silence them. They’re keeping you in the King position.” 
Jinks gags out “I’m not taking the King position period. I will do what it takes to avoid it-“
Jinks are cut off as he is further gagged by Lance who speaks sounding furiously angry “Jinks has no choice on that matter for I expect Jinks to obey me on my orders and become King, period.” 
Jinks opens his mouth finds his eyes covered finds himself back in the TV room feeling rage storms out to the gym room to attack the punching bag thinking to himself “My problems of being worshipped by the Master cult people as a prize object will get more worse if I wound up in the public eye in some public position. The same as taking the King position something I don’t want. I is furious with Lance who won’t listen to me or hear of my excuses to not take the King position.” 
He attacks the punching bag with everything he has as he grumbles “I’m not taking the King position period. I will do what it takes to avoid the King’s position even putting myself in jail by admitting I killed people in my past just to keep people from voting me in the position.” 
His rage becomes full blown overtakes him till he comes to find himself lying in bed in a calm mood with wrists chained to the bed posts and a blind fold covering his eyes. He yanks the chains off of his wrists to yank the blind fold off to find himself back in his bedroom and the light from the window is fading as he eyes the clock to see nighttime is arriving. He gets up to get out of his clothes to shower and changes into his sweatpants going to bed and shuts his eyes to see himself back on the beach facing an angry Lance.
Lance snarled “Jinks Montreal is who I orders him to take the King position!” 
Jinks feels rage gets it full blown in him attacks Lance with his fists swinging only to get knocked to the ground by Lance kicking him in the chest throwing him backwards. 
He gets up and snarls “I’m not taking the King position period! I will do what it takes to avoid the position! My problems as the Master group worshipping me as a prize object will get worse if I wound up in the public eye! Something I don’t want to do and will admit to the authorities I killed some people just to go to jail and avoid the King position!” 
Lance he sees growls out “Jinks is taking the King position period!” which he gets more angry charges at Lance with fists swinging only to get kicked in the chest throwing him backwards.
Jinks gets up and continues to charge at Lance who kicks him backwards after he repeatedly gets up charging towards Lance.  Jinks continue to do that till exhaustion overtakes him and he lies on the ground panting for breath.
Lance walks towards him to squat grabbing his head and snarls Jinks is taking the King position period! I expect Jinks to obey me on that! I already have plans for the cult members who view Jinks as a prize object instead of a person! I will set the plans in motion just to pave the way for Jinks to become King!” 
Jinks snarls “I’ll admit what I did killing those people the first chance I’ll get to the public just to be put in jail-“ which he is interrupted by Lance speaking “Too late I already set in motion my plans to keep that from happening. You will become King, period.” 
Jinks open his mouth to protest and finds his eyes covered comes to in bed feels hit with sadness cries tears as he wails out loud “I don’t want to be King! I would rather live anonymous instead! I’m upset that Lance won’t listen to me protesting about that!”
He whines to himself “I don’t want to be Lance’s vessel but be myself as the son instead!” 
Jinks feel his tears stop stops wailing to sleep only to find himself back at the beach grabbed by Lance gagging him who snarls “Jinks has been ungrateful for the second chance of living by his attitude of me his father giving him my body for Jinks to live a second chance. I’m furious with Jinks’ attitude for I have been tempted to return back to my body and live a life I sees fit with my son dead for good.” 
Jinks gags out “Don’t kill me, father, please!”  
Jinks heard Lance speak “I expect Jinks to obey me period especially on the order of becoming King. I want no more protests from Jinks on that or else.” 
Jinks nodded his head and then feel his eyes forced shut. 

Jinks comes to hearing an alarm sounding opens his eyes to peer at the alarm clock to see its sounding its alarm and its nine o’clock on it. Jinks shuts off the alarm and feels depression hitting him hard forces he to get up to get dressed and drags himself out of his bedroom to meet Willingham. Jinks don’t look at the butler instead goes to the dining room to sit eyes staring at the table zoned out. ‘
He thinks to himself “I’m wondering why I’m feeling depressed. I hit with the depression that is hitting me hard to feel zoned out. I think that my father Lance won’t approve of that behavior but can’t seem to get rid of that feeling at the moment by how hard it is hitting me.” 
He feels a hand on his shoulder shaking him to jerk himself out of being zoned out to look at Roberta on his right who gestures to the food sitting in dishware on a tray on the table in front of him. He feels he has no appetite forces himself to eat everything including drinking everything in the cup then once done gets up and slow walks to the TV room to sit on the couch eyes staring at the wall while feeling still depressed despite it hitting him hard. 
He feels numbness hitting him and mentions to himself “I can’t stop that feeling from overtaking me. I want to know what Lance my father is planning to do to help cure me of that feeling for I’m just not feeling anything at the moment.”  
He shuts his eyes and dreams of Lance standing on a beach himself facing him which he kneels and bursts into tears and feels a hand touching his head. He rocks his form till he feels Lance’s arms wrap around him which he clings to Lance by having hands on his father’s side gripping the clothes. 
He continues to wail tears crying out “I’ve been hit with this numbness feeling of depression hitting me. I can’t get rid of the feeling.” 
Lance, Jinks hear speaks in a soothing tone “Jinks is just reacting from the knowledge of his body dead and his spirit is in his father’s body. I Lance myself being his father.” 
Jinks buried his face on his father’s shoulder and tighten his hold around Lance as he struggles to relax from the crying. He shuts his eyes and comes to find himself leaning on the couch and the depression is gone from him. He feels himself relaxed enough to get up going to the gym room to do some karate while sensing himself watched by eyes peering at the doorway and cameras in the room turned on recording his every move. He finds doing karate helps him feel better enough to feel in a good mood gets the urge to go outside leaves the penthouse by the elevator and goes to the bench to sit in the cold air with hint of snow on the ground. 
He sits and leans back to shut his eyes passing out to dream of himself on the beach facing an irate Lance who scolds him “All you’ve been doing before the High Council’s rude interference is eating and sleeping while suffering boredom of having nothing to do in your life which your doing it again.”
Jinks frowned hearing that as Lance continued “You need to get a life with something to do hence me insisting that you get the King position.”
He frowned some more as he recalled a meeting with Alexei and his brother Leader flashing in his mind along with watching an all news show on TV remembering its contents. 
Jinks spoke “What am I supposed to do with the fact that I don’t age? Also the current King passed a law saying that people wishing to hold his position has to have ten years of experience of holding a political office to become King. How do you expect me to do that?”
He frowned forming it on his lips as he heard Lance give off a growling sound and stiffened seeing his father’s blue eyes become all black with the lips forming a sneer. 
Lance spoke with anger in his voice “Must you doubt my powers, Jinks? I can control a lot more than you think and it doesn’t involve my earthquake shaking power.” 
He heard a new voice speak “Isn’t kidding on that.” 
He turned to his right to see the three Meritanians standing in a row while recognizing the speaker as Ramses. 
He heard Lance speak with annoyance in his tone “What are you doing here? This is a private conversation go be elsewhere.” 
He frowned as Ramses spoke “Actually just want to report to who cares that the Humans aka First Ones are getting suspicious by too many signs that the Shadonia aren’t the only ones living underwater in Shadan.” 
He frowned as Ramses paused to bow his head while continuing speaking “I’m not kidding on that, High Council. This report is from mind scanning First Ones in the main land and in the area near us which too many have that suspicious view hitting them too. Also the Shadonia with help of some other unidentified species, about several actually are fueling the First Ones’ suspiciousness by dropping hints about you and your base here including what your views about the First Ones are.” 
Jinks frowned as Ramses paused while hearing Lance give off a loud growling noise and heard the Meritanian continue speaking “What do you expect me and my sisters to do?! We’re just a bunch of mind walking plants. How do you expect us to manipulate the First Ones when there are other races we can’t control no matter how we try sabotaging our efforts? Harrumph, don’t blame us when the First Ones figure you out.”
Jinks stared at Ramses who raised his head to continue speaking “Damn Highlanders expecting us to do things like them when we’re just sentient mind walking plants stuck in the ocean. I’m hearing them discussing us like we’re Highlanders like them. Harrumph stupid Highlanders still won’t get it that we’re plants not manoids despite us telling them that.” 
He heard Lance growl out “Enough of this useless babble.”
Jinks heard Ramses interrupt “Shouldn’t it be time for you to get up from bed?”
He saw Ramses pointing a robe covered finger at him as Lance’s hand appeared in view forcing his eyes shut and he came to find himself sitting on the bench with his senses blaring warning. He jerked his eyes open to spot a standing crowd of people in front of him scattering in many directions fast walking away from him and figured that they had stopped to stare at him sleeping on the bench. With a groan he got up from the bench and went inside the building heading towards the elevator to the penthouse which he went to the dining room to spy on the table were the two familiar newspapers. Sighing he grabbed “Master’s Herald” and scanned for the date seeing it was December twenty third and frowned remembering himself blowing a candle on a cake like it was his birthday when it wasn’t. He frowned some more remembering himself eating a bite of the cake that tasted awful then telling off Willingham that he wasn’t eating more of it before getting up heading to the gym room and fainting on the way becoming sick from the poison. He tossed the newspaper on the table then went to the kitchen slamming open the doors to see Jeff at the stove that paused from cooking to look at him. 
Jinks spoke “Jeff, how long was I out sick from being poisoned?”
He formed a questioning look on his face aimed at Jeff who formed a big frown on his face before speaking “You ate the cake on the twenty first which is when you got sick and was out till today.” 
He spoke as he walked further into the room still keeping the questioning look on his face “Humor me, when’s my birthday? It’s been too long since I’ve celebrated it or bothered to remember it.” 
He frowned inwardly as he heard Roberta clear her throat looked at her still washing the dishes at the sink then at Jeff who still had that frown on his face. 
Jeff spoke with a frown in his voice tone “It’s the twenty first of December according to your birth certificate that lists you born on that day.”
Jinks sighed and rubbed a hand on his forehead and then spoke “Does the birth certificate say what’s my legal name is?”
Jinks lowered his hand and again heard Roberta again give off a throat clearing noise sounding like disapproval in the tone as he stared at Jeff whose eyes gave off nervousness in them despite the frown on his face. 
He continued to stare at Jeff who spoke still having the frowning tone “According to records your legal name is Jinks Montreal but the birth certificate says some other name I heard is Alex Knight. I heard that after you reached legal adult status you changed your birth name to the name Jinks Montreal that is the current one you have now.”
Jinks nodded his head as Jeff abruptly turned away to resume cooking on the stove as he stood in the kitchen. He heard the doors open on his right and turned to see Willingham with disapproval in his eyes face composed in some neutral expression aimed at him walking into the kitchen. 
He frowned as Willingham reaching him spoke “I’m told to inform you that the Table members are meeting in the building in the meeting room today at this hour. I heard that one of them is Donald aka Richard Marshall is there.”
Jinks frowned hearing the name Richard Marshall as Willingham continued to speak “According to my source Donald has the water rigged with poison which was switched out to regular water in some sick attempt to get the others to believe in Simon as the Master. My source is insisting that you attend the meeting and teach Donald a lesson on that.” 
Jinks frowned as he recalled Burke Richardson as he spoke “Willingham, would this Donald be a descendant of Burke Richardson some guy who claimed to father the original Jinks Montreal?”
He stared at Willingham whose eyes became glaring as the butler spoke with annoyance in his tone “Burke Richardson according to records did what you said about Jinks Montreal but he didn’t have any descendants biologically but had one grown step son named Donald through his second marriage to some female socialite named Erica Marshall. She was originally married to some man named Teague Marshall. “
Jinks stiffened hearing the name as Willingham continued “Teague Marshall as the records say wound up murdered shot to death by some prowler in his home which the murderer hasn’t been found. There’s won’t die rumors that his wife pulled the trigger so she could get rid of him to marry Burke which the wedding happened a month after Teague’s murder. The cops back then have been letting people get away with crimes including murder which is still happening today in the city not stopped by that miserable excuse of an idiot jerk Mayor Kevin Hettinger.”
Jinks sighed as Willingham paused then continued “Excuse my language and for saying my opinion.” 
He nodded his head and then spoke “Where’s the meeting at anyway?”
He stared at Willingham who cleared his throat glaring look in his eyes going away as the butler spoke “I’m to take you there, Master Jinks so follow me.” 
He again nodded his head and followed Willingham out of the kitchen to the elevator which he went inside following the butler and watched as the man pressed a numbered button with the number twenty one on it. Jinks felt the elevator go down with a humming sound till the elevator stopped showing a familiar scene he remembering it saw before when Roosevelt was alive. He wordlessly followed Willingham out of the elevator pass the receptionist that looked at him with reverence in her eyes to another hallway till the butler stopped at a set of double doors yanking one open noiselessly. He saw Willingham put a finger to his lips and point with the finger to the room gesturing him to walk inside. Jinks obeyed going inside the room hearing the door shut behind him quietly. He saw the room was familiar despite in inky blackness with a spot light over a large round table where people he saw males and females were gathered around it in chairs. He looked around the room to see surrounding them were people sitting at consoles wearing head phone like gear on their heads eyes still aimed at the monitors in front of them.  
He heard Donald’s voice loudly speaking “Welcome Table members to the meeting as called by me. Feel free to have a drink of water as provided.” 
Jinks stood watching as some of the Table members drank from glass cups in front of them. 
He walked forwards to reach the Table members and spoke loudly “The water has been switched out from poison to regular water due to my source telling me that.” 
He eyed Donald sitting at the Table across from his standing position that had a narrowed eyed glare on the man’s face seeing him. Jinks felt the Master blown in him allowed it through and found he floating above his body watching his body change into Lance with folded his arms with a glare on his face.  
He heard Lance speak moving his mouth “Simon Idaho was originally a believer of mine who became obsessed with me. He lost himself to his obsession that I had him killed off due to him losing his way and beliefs in me.”
Jinks at the moment found himself back in his body with the Master willed away from him. Jinks again eyed Donald who still had that glaring look on his face but appeared to be distracted by the eyes staring at the table along with the man’s furious expression. He felt the urge to leave the room hit him nodded his head while eyeing each of the Table members having reverence in their eyes aimed at him. Jinks turned and walked to the door opening and walked out of the room to meet Willingham standing in the hall the butler having a neutral expression in his face and eyes. 
Jinks spoke “It’s done. The others should be believers now.” 
He saw Willingham nod his head before the butler turned around and he followed the man walking down the hallway to the elevators. 
Jinks got inside with Willingham who pressed the button labeled “Penthouse.”
He felt the elevator move going up frowned thinking to he “What does my father have in mind for me to become King? I can’t just go public demanding people to vote me for that position. I’ll need to hold a public office first and have experience in this which would make people vote for me.” 
He paused from his thoughts as the elevator reached the Penthouse floor and he walked out following Willingham who spoke “Someone told me to tell you that you’re wanted in the dining room for a meeting on something I’m not told what it was.”
Jinks shrugged then walked to the dining room following Willingham. He paused entering the room to spot a crowd of people Humans and Highlanders in male and female forms scattered around the table some having keyboards with screens attached in front of them with them typing away talking in whispered tones. 
He heard Willingham clear his throat then loudly speaking in a loud tone “Master Jinks is here as ordered.”     
Jinks frowned as the group paused from their talk to look at him mostly having reverence in their eyes before resuming their work as a male Highlander walked up to him. 
He frowned even further as the Highlander spoke “Good you’re here. We don’t have much time before the deadline next month on the nineteenth and there’s much to be done.” 
He felt confusion hit him spoke “Excuse me? Can you humor me on what you’re really talking about?”
He saw the Highlander’s face turn into a frown before speaking “I’m talking about you challenging the current New York City Mayor Kevin Hettinger for his position which the deadline to submit the challenge is January nineteenth next month. You have now till January nineteenth to be ready for campaigning for the position which is followed by convincing the voters to vote for you till Election Day in November. “
Jinks nodded his head thinking to he “So that’s what you’re up to, father.”
Jinks gets taught on campaigning such as shaking hands, meeting people and giving speeches while taught how to memorize the speech to speak it to people and how to think smartly on his feet when asked questions he would need to answer right away without a lot of pausing to think. 
He is told “Your to work on your appearance as in dressing up nicely in some clothing as your style uniform.’ which he spoke “I insists on going around in black suit clothes and a metal jewelry tie as my uniform.” 
Jinks spoke “I balk on having my hair cut.” while sensing that Lance doesn’t approve of that added “I insists that my hair is fine and if people don’t like it I don’t give a damn. I refuse firmly to have the haircut.” 
He is coached on how to give a press conference to announce him challenging Hettinger for the Mayor position. 

“Boring stuff from what I’m remembering this Jinks Montreal enough to annoy me to think ‘It’s boring!’” writes Brandis.

Jinks get a break from that one day when he gets up at nine am in the morning to discover group is gone from his apartment. 
He frowns as Willingham tells him “Today is day one of a major two day holiday which day one is called Christmas and day two being Remembrance Day.” 
Jinks recalls “From the past that Christmas is actually New Year’s Eve and Remembrance Day is actually New Year’s Day.” 
He finds that the holidays being changed which he figures have something to do with that the government changed the holidays what happened on those two days as the U.S. traveled to Shadan. Jinks is directed sit in the dining room for breakfast which he eats his meal discovering its part of a gonoid he figures is called a turkey and vegetables which he eats along with drinking strawberry milk. He refuses Roberta’s request for cake remembering him being poisoned by eating a cake with it laced with poison in it.  He is directed to the living room which he goes to find on the floor in front of a fir tree decorated with colorful lights are five wrapped in colorful wrapping boxes with his name on them and is told to open them. 
He opens one to discover it holds his mother’s journal which he recognizes as the one he read many years ago and thinks “I wonder how the journal came to me?” and discovers a note saying “This journal is from courtesy of Scotland.” 
He frowns about that but keeps his mouth shut. 
He opens the second box to see it has a cloth vest with metal in it felt that takes him a moment to figure out it’s a bullet proof vest and finds the note that says “Bullet proof vest is from General Britain Morgan.” 
He opens the third box to discover a tan business suit, white long sleeve shirt and a black tie that isn’t a bow tie and dressy brown shoes with note saying “The suit is from Lance Richard.” 
Jinks get the feeling the suit is not from his father but someone else using his father as the one responsible. He opens the fourth box to find a book on the U.S.A. government for people who aren’t smart as said by the title which he feels a little weird out. 
He again finds another note saying “Book is from Lance Richard.” 
Jinks again get the feeling that it’s from someone else and not from his father. Jinks open the fifth box to discover a colored picture in a frame of himself with his lips in a smile on his face wearing a karate uniform with a black belt on holding a trophy in his hands that looks like first place while standing next to an old man looking familiar despite the smile also wearing a karate uniform with a black belt on. 
He reads on the frame is the words “Jinks Montreal, first place Black Belt fighting Champion and Tan Lee, Tournament Grand Marshal.” 
He frowns as he recalls taking Karate years ago and fought in tournaments while winning fights and winning competitions along with self practice karate forms in his Connecticut home and improving his form to be limber. He frowns seeing the picture remembering he fighting in a major karate tournament for black belts as an undefeated opponent which he won the tournament and was given the trophy by Tan Lee himself and posed for the picture. 
He looks for the note to see it says “Picture is from the Knight, family.” which he figures that its Roosevelt’s descendants that send him the picture.  
Jinks heard Willingham in the room who speaks “I’ll see that the items are placed where they belong in the Master’s bedroom.” which Jinks takes the picture and his mother’s journal and leaves the rest of the items for Willingham. 
He walked to the bedroom to place the picture of himself on a shelf in the wall and then went to the wing back chair to sit and examined his mother’s journal seeing its looking old with pages yellow and worn but still in good condition. He carefully examined the handwriting in the journal to see its ink is still in good condition. Jinks felt sad realizing that his mother had been dead for years which he sighed and opened the journal to skim the contents. He discovered from skimming that the contents are the same as he read years ago recalling him reading it and found the picture of his mother holding him as newborn baby still inside with the photo appearing to look old but the details are still clear. Jinks once finished got up going to the bed’s dresser and yanked open a drawer seeing nothing inside but a folded blanket which he gently placed the journal inside and closed the drawer shut gently. He wandered out of the bedroom passing by Willingham carrying a box which he went to the TV room and with a remote turned it on flicking through the channels seeing that their all on Christmas and how people are celebrating the holiday. 
He stopped at a local news channel featuring people talking “There’s a decades’ old tradition in the city of the bell dubbed Liberty ringing in the Times Square.” 
He heard them mention “We’re wondering who has been selected to ring the bell ten times counting the seconds to midnight as Christmas ends followed by Remembrance Day happening.” 
Jinks frown as he gets his senses blared seeing the TV broadcast and listens to them talking “The bell committee passing over Mayor Hettinger and whoever the Mayor selects to assist with the bell ringing for someone else instead of going to the man as traditionally done for the last five years.” 
He felt his senses blared warning as the broadcast continued to speak “The five years of bell ringing was done by the Mayor and a man gone by the name of Donald. This time the committee broke tradition and went with someone else.” 
He frowned listening as the TV continues to blare “there’s rumors that the governor of the state running for the King position suggested to the committee to select someone who is newly running for office in the state as the bell ringer for this person to gain publicity for their campaign.” 
Jinks frowned thinking “I’m the feeling I’m the one who the committee has selected to ring the bell. I’m wondering if my father had a hand in that order.” 
He felt sleepiness shut off the TV and leaned back shutting his eyes. 

Jinks dreamed of he back at the beach facing Lance with an irritated look on his father’s face. 
Lance spoke “Jinks do you remember the religious fanatics?”
He grimaced recalling them as his father continued speaking “Those people have descendants that passed along their views to them. They have kept very detailed records of your life over the years that their aware of your non Human characteristics including your deathless state.”
Jinks felt himself annoyed hearing that as Lance kept talking “New York City despite a number of people leaving to live elsewhere got a surge of residents’ mostly religious fanatics since you took residence in the penthouse. There are rumors going around in the city that you are challenging the current Mayor for his position and will announce the confirmation somewhere in the Human calendar month of January before this dated deadline arrives.”
He frowned as Lance paused to give off disgust sound before adding “I had nothing to do with some people selecting you as a bell ringer.”
He stiffened hearing that as his father kept talking “There are religious fanatics in the committee that selected the bell ringer who with the governor’s input insisted on you taking the job. The bell ringer position is a two person job and that your one person selected with the committee already selected another person who I’m aware of is the governor himself.”
Jinks frowned as Lance paused to sigh before speaking “You will be informed of the bell ringer job soon.”
He opened his mouth to speak and felt his eyes forced shut which he came to wake up on the couch feeling annoyed.
Jinks turned on the TV to see a broadcast of the governor on it talking “I’m being selected by the bell ringer committee to ring the bell as their second choice.” 
He listened as the governor paused then continued to talk “I don’t know who they picked as their first choice and their not telling me much about that.” 
Jinks heard a throat clearing noise sounding on his right looked to see Willingham standing there which he looked with a questioning look on his face. 
Willingham spoke “You have a visitor in the dining room.” 
Jinks got up and left the TV room walking to the dining room which once inside he frowned seeing his familiar staff member a Highlander dubbed Cart standing there with arms folded with a serious expression on his face. 
Jinks paused from walking as Cart spoke “I just been informed by a committee that you have been selected along with the governor to ring the bell as traditionally done.”
He sighed as Cart paused from talking to stare at him with a narrowed eyed look which he figured that the Highlander wanted him to say something. 
Jinks spoke “Uh I’m not sure what I’m supposed to do.” 
He saw Cart’s look become more glaring that made him stiffen as the Highlander spoke “Just show up in Times Square at the appointed time. Wait for them to announce you and then come forwards to the podium where the bell is and with the governor ring that thing by pulling on the rope, get it?”
He nodded his head and spoke “What time is it?”
Jinks saw Cart unfold his arms and roll his sleeve revealing a jewelry cuff on his wrist and look at it before speaking “It’s around two o’clock now. You got plenty of time to get ready and arrive there. I suggest you dress appropriately for that. What you’re wearing isn’t suitable.”
He gave off a sigh and spoke “Anything else I should know of?”
He stared at Cart who spoke “Be sure to wear your bullet proof vest. I wouldn’t trust the city’s cops to keep you safe from harm from the way things have been going around in this city.”
Jinks groaned loudly as Cart kept talking “Also don’t trust Hettinger either. There’s a won’t die rumor going around that Hettinger had some assassin possibly a cop take out his predecessor after he lost the election which he was declared Mayor by default and hasn’t been challenged till now so watch yourself out there you hear?”
He nodded his head as Cart paused before speaking again “Just be careful. Hettinger might pull some stunt to keep you from challenging him so keep your eyes and ears open period.” 
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust before nodding his head as Cart pointed a finger at him while having a serious expression on his face and then left the room. He stood in the room and folded his arms sighing loudly. He felt the urge to practice Karate came to him which he unfolded his arms and went to the gym room which he sensed the cameras filming him as he went through the motions of karate. He peered through the mirrors while doing Karate to see the doors were ajar and a familiar pair of eyes peeking through them that made him feel annoyed. He paused from Karate to march towards the doors seeing the eyes stopped their peeking followed by the doors slamming shut which he reached them yanked them open to peer into the hallway seeing Willingham walking down the hallway heading towards him with a questioning look on the butler’s face. Jinks gave a sound of disgust forced the doors to remain open as he went back into the room to practice Karate. He peered through the mirrors during his motions to find the doors nearly shut with the familiar eyes peeking through the opening. Jinks paused from Karate willing the Master through while eying the eyes through the mirror. 
He spoke “Whoever you are peering at me at the doors show yourself or else.” 
He eyed the doors to see the eyes disappeared from view followed by them shutting closed with a slam. Jinks growled an angry sound feeling he annoyed folded his arms and glared at the mirror eyes on the doors. He felt himself tensed up again did karate which he again saw the eyes peering at him with the doors ajar. He paused from karate facing the doors with his hands up quickly mentally ordering the eyes’ owner to choke. Jinks saw the eyes fade from view followed by the doors shutting which he darted to the doors and yanked them open to see Willingham bent down appearing to be gasping for air while having a hand on his throat. Jinks folded his arms figuring out that Willingham was the eyes’ owner as the butler continued to gasp for air. He raised a hand and mentally ordered the choking to stop and heard Willingham gave off a loud gasp followed by seeing the butler making motions of gulping the air by his moving mouth with hand appearing to rub his throat violently. Jinks grabbed Willingham by the jacket part on his chest and forced the butler to straighten up his form. He narrowed his eyes glaring at Willingham who appeared to gulp before forming a familiar what do you want look on his face. 
Jinks spoke “I don’t find it amusing being spied on, Willingham.” 
He saw a frown appear on Willingham’s face as he continued talking “Do that spying again and I’ll foot your seat violently get it?”
Jinks glared at Willingham who gave up no reaction but continued to frown as he adjusted his hold on the butler’s jacket and with such force lifted the man off his feet dangling him. 
He added “I mean it with what I said Willingham and don’t do it or else.” 
Jinks released his hand hold on Willingham’s coat letting the man drop to the floor that landed on his feet stumbling off balanced before righting himself. Jinks pointed a finger at Willingham and then stomped into the gym room slamming the doors shut behind him. He felt himself tensed up sat down on the floor and did his stretching exercises feeling himself relax from them which once done swung himself up with a Karate move. He proceeded to do karate while keeping an eye on the doors not seeing them ajar or the familiar eyes peeking through the opening.  He once finished willed the Master away and walked out of the gym room and went to the dining room without seeing Willingham on the way. He stood in the dining room feeling like needing nourishment and went to the kitchen doors opening them and walked inside slamming them behind him. Jinks paused to see the servants in the room looking at him with nervousness in their eyes. 
He spoke “I would like some nourishment so cook something up. I’ll be in the dining room waiting. Don’t take too long for I’m itching to eat.” 
He left the kitchen banging the doors behind him and went to the table to sit down keeping an eye on the doors as he waited.  He willed himself to be patient waiting while staring at the doors as Roberta came out carrying a see through cup full of pink liquid which she set down in front of him. He exhaled a breath feeling he annoyed at the servants not getting what he wanted which he grabbed the cup and gulped down the strawberry milkshake drinking it all up then slammed it onto the table. He got up and stalked to the TV room to sit on the couch eyes glaring at the blank flat screen monitor hung on the wall. He leaned down and grabbed the remote turning on the TV to see the familiar broadcasters and saw that it was a rebroadcast of the broadcast he saw earlier. Growling of annoyance he changed the channel seeing broadcasts of Christmas themed programs and paused as one program looked familiar which he saw was about a gonoid dubbed reindeer with an unusual colored nose. He exhaled a breath recognizing the broadcast as a children’s program he recalled seeing over the years as a child with his mother near holiday time till the time the U.S. transferred to Shadan is when he stopped watching it. He sighed watching the program remembering himself age nine being bored with the program when he watched it with his mother reading the captions which was when he stopped watching it. He sighed again recalling a few years after the transfer to Shadan catching his mother watching the program alone with tears streaming down her face while looking upset. Jinks remembered he age thirteen going to sit next to his mother holding her hand while she continued to cry watching the program which he ignored focused on her. He tapped her on the shoulder several times till she shook her head and looked at him. 
He signed releasing his hold on her hand “Mom, what’s wrong? Why are you crying?”
He stared at his mother who stared at him back with some look he didn’t identify but left him feeling scared. His mother shook her head blinking her eyes followed by some pleasant look in her face and sadness in her eyes. 
She signed “Nothing just remembering something very sad. I’ll tell you about it one of these days. Don’t worry about my crying, Jinks.” 
With that he watched as she turned her attention back to the TV while wiping her eyes with her sleeve and ignored him staring at her till the program was over which she ordered him to go to his room and get ready for bed.  

Jinks stiffened from the memory as he realized the unidentified look his mother gave him was reverence cult members in the Master Organization would give him when they saw him. He exhaled a breath rubbing a hand on his forehead as the program finished its broadcast. He left the TV on letting his thoughts wander about his mother recalling memories of her raising him over the years he grew up till he went to college. Jinks heard the TV switch off followed by a throat clearing noise sounding off his right which he looked to see Willingham with seriousness on his face standing there. 
Willingham spoke “Its seven o’clock now. You should get yourself presentable now. Also be prepared to leave early to account for traffic due to how popular this event is among the city’s inhabitants and elsewhere.”
He sighed and got up walking out of the TV room passed Willingham which he walked to his bedroom shutting the doors behind him. He sighed and went into the bathroom to look in the mirror and spotted clothes sitting on the counter in the color of black with dress shoes below it. Sighing he stripped himself of his clothes and shoes leaving them piled on the floor and entered the shower stall feeling himself needing it. He cleansed himself very well and once done walked out to dry himself thoroughly. Jinks put on the clothes on the sink counter seeing that they included a fresh pair of underwear shorts and socks along with the bullet proof vest and a metal jewelry tie. He grabbed the hairbrush and brushed his hair very well and then placed the hairbrush on the sink counter before walking out of the bathroom. He sighed going to the window to peer out looking down below seeing traffic illuminated by the street and building lights looking bumper to bumper in both directions. He groaned and left the window going to the bedroom doors yanking them open to spot Willingham standing in his familiar spot. 
He sighed as Willingham spoke “I recommended you go down to the front entrance and wait for the car to arrive due to how bad traffic is at the moment.” 
Jinks nodded his head and went to the elevator taking it to the lobby which he went out to stand at the front entrance and noticed a guard a Highlander standing next to him eyes moving over the cars driving by. He stood and folded his arms eyes on the cars going by slowly wondering which one would take him. 
He heard his guard speak “The car has arrived. Allow me to escort you to it.”              
Jinks didn’t comment followed the guard to a black sedan with tinted windows in traffic which he was ordered to get inside. He obeyed putting on his seatbelt and leaned his head back eyes staring at the car’s ceiling feeling its slow movements. Jinks sighed shutting his eyes and felt himself too wide awake to sleep opened them to angle his head while staring out the window to spot groups of people walking in one direction in a fast brisk pace. 
He sighed and spoke “Driver, how far is it to Times Square?”     
He heard his driver reply with a Highlander accent “Not too far from here.  Unfortunately it’s not good for a person to walk to there on their own elsewhere than Manhattan without running into traffic hazards such as taking bridges that aren’t pedestrian friendly despite traffic traveling on them.” 
He groaned and spoke “I think when I’m Mayor I’ll see about making them pedestrian friendly for both walkers and cars to travel on them.” 
He heard nothing from his driver as he continued to stare out the window watching people outside walking in one direction in brisk paces in groups of various numbers as the car moved slowly through the city then stopped near police lights flashing off a cruiser sitting in the middle of a street.
He heard the driver speak “End of the road. You’ll have to hoof it to there which won’t take you long just follow the majority of people walking who should lead you to Times Square.”  
With a sigh he undid his seatbelt then got out of the car and closed the door then followed a group of people walking passed the cruiser to the street seeing that it was bare of traffic. He exhaled a breath eyeing the cop sitting in the cruiser with a glare on the male’s face that appeared to not see him as he walked by. Jinks followed people walking brisk paces walking past him as he walked taking his time. He heard sounds of a rock band playing become louder and louder as he neared the sound to see people still walking towards it which he followed. Jinks reached the edge of a crowd held apart by barricades with cops standing nearby as he eyed a police van parked with distaste running through him. He walked between the crowds to see the cops looking in his direction with suspicion on their faces that changed to recognition which made his senses blare warning. 
Jinks walked ignoring the cops who quickly blocked his way one holding up a hand and speaking in a sneering voice tone “Your identification please.” 
Jinks sighed and made the motions of going through his pockets to find in his jacket’s breast pocket was a card which he pulled out seeing it was an ID with his picture on it along with his name. He held it up contents facing the cop who snatched it from his hand to glare at it with a flashlight then thrust it back to him. 
Jinks pocketed the ID in his breast pocket as the cop spoke sounding like speaking on his radio “Target’s here will proceed as ordered.”
He frowned as his senses behind him blared warning which he felt pain hit the back of his head from a hard metal object hitting it that made him feel dizzy. He jerked shaking his head as he felt hands grab his arms locking them behind him as metal was put around his wrists followed by himself forced walked to the police van and thrust inside it in a lying position with the doors slamming shut behind him. Jinks blinked his eyes struggling to fight the dizziness as he heard an engine sound and coughed as smoke he sensed filled up the van making him sleepy enough to shut his eyes. Jinks felt he losing sensation of his body and all around him as he slipped into unconsciousness till there was nothing but blackness.

Jinks woke up lying on a bed with eyes jerking open as he stared at a familiar ceiling while feeling himself no longer dizzy. He sat up with confusion running through him to discover that he was wearing a blue jumpsuit with slipper like shoes covering his feet on him. He got up looking around the room recognizing it as the room he stayed in when he was in the High Council’s hands. Groaning he got up from the bed and walked to the door which slid open showing an Annukai standing in the hallway looking surprised to see him before running away down the hallway which he tracked to double doors and running inside. Jinks groaned loudly and then walked to the double doors pushing them open to see inside was what he remembered Annukai gathered at one spot at the bar with an Annukai bartender serving them drinks along with the familiar Shadonian standing near the monitor screens in the wall and two Highlanders sitting on stools that looked his way with sinister looks. He exhaled a breath and entered the room going to a stool and sat hands clasps in front of him on the bar top. 
He frowned as the bartender set down a drink and heard him speak “It’s what you Humans call non alcoholic drink.”
Jinks eyed the cup seeing white liquid inside it which he brought to his lips taking a sip and discovered it was milk but finding himself thirsty gulped it down till none was left. He placed the cup down on the bar top and got off the stool walking towards Nameless who paused from drinking from a cup. 
He reached Nameless to stare at the monitors in the wall and heard the Shadonian speak “The High Council will send their three heads to bring you to them.”
He looked at Nameless feeling himself confused on who the three heads were as the Shadonian continued “The three heads are very good in doing their job Osiris. You’ll see who I mean.” 
He frowned turned his attention towards the monitors to hear whining squeals sounding behind him which made him spun around to see Anubis and his Hawk head guards standing a meter away. He eyed the three as Anubis gave off a growl and pointed a finger towards him which got the two Hawk head guards to dart forwards towards him. Jinks stiffened realizing who Nameless was referring to as three heads which he saw was Anubis and his Hawk head guards. He ducked as the Hawk head guards reached for his arms which he threw himself into an acrobatic roll onto the floor getting out of the way. Jinks quickly got up behind Anubis who gave off a growl in a louder tone as the gonoid head warrior spun around. Jinks did a hard jumping karate kick putting his foot on Anubis’ chest that fell backwards onto his Hawk head guards knocking them to the floor. Jinks darted out of the room running down the hallway on his right and saw it was a dead end. Jinks spun around to see the three familiar figures running out of the bar room that paused at the entrance looking around. He quickly darted towards a door in the wall which remained shutting as he neared it. Jinks attacked the door as he heard Anubis’ growl and eyed the three heading towards him in running speeds. Jinks stepped back from the door and raised his hands up in fists forming a karate fighting stance waiting as Anubis halted his running to hold up arms blocking his Hawk guards’ progress. 
Jinks eyed Anubis who gave off a growl and spoke loudly “Use the Keo to take him down now.” 
He eyed the Hawk head guards who faded from view followed by his senses blaring warning as he felt two pairs of hands clawed grab his arms on both sides in tight grips which he struck out his feet blindly kicking and meeting air. He heard whining squeal sounds as the Hawk head guards appeared besides him hands still gripping his arms. Jinks thrust out his feet kicking at them who kept their hands hold on his arms despite his feet meeting their bodies. 
He heard Anubis speak loudly “Osiris either you go willingly or I will knock you out your choice.” 
Jinks gave Anubis a glare as he made his form still while keeping his hands fisted as the gonoid head warrior added “Keep your hands on him and don’t let go no matter what get it?”
He heard two sounds of growling coming from the Hawk head guards as Anubis turned around with him forced to follow by their hands on him forcing him to walk. Jinks dragged his feet with no success as the Hawk head guards kept on hauling him behind Anubis down the hallway till they reached an opening in the wall and forced him through it reaching a familiar hallway. He willed the Master through as he was hauled through the hallway to reach a door that slid open showing a familiar room with a Highlander standing at a console. He jerked with no success against the Hawk head guards’ grips as he was hauled into the room which he thrust out his feet again kicking at them with no success in freeing him from their grips. 
Jinks heard Anubis speak “Osiris either you stop that behavior or I’ll knock you out.” 
He halted his kicking to glare at Anubis who went to a padded bench picking up an eye wear mask and walked up to him yanking it on covering his eyes. Jinks felt the motion of a roller coaster twisting all over the place as he sensed the Hawk head guards’ clawed nails digging into his cloth covered arms during the ride which stopped abruptly. He felt the eye wear mask yanked off of him by Anubis which he blinked his eyes as he was forced walked out of the room following the gonoid head warrior into a familiar hallway. Jinks struggled against the Hawk guards’ grips as they hauled him through a large break in the wall that seemed to be a large opening. He growled angrily seeing that the Hawk guards’ grips weren’t breaking and seemed to get tighter and tighter each time he squirmed while held by them. He was forced walked pass the opening then forced to stand which he saw he was in the High Council’s throne room with the High Council sitting on the dais and in front of them on the foot of steps leading to their seats was a masked Highlander in a male form whose mouth was in a thin line. Jinks heard a growl sound on his left looked to see Anubis standing there with ears flat on top of his head cat eyes narrowed boring at him.
Jinks glared at the High Council as the Highlander spoke sounding bored “Says welcome back Osiris so nice of you to join us. We monitored your pathetic attempts to escape. We see that Anubis and guards managed to stop you each time you fought them.”
He gave off a growl sound as the Highlander kept talking “Well we have something in mind for you to do and you’ll do it as ordered-” 
Jinks spoke interrupting the Highlander “I won’t do it whatever you have in mind. I refused period.” 
He glared at the High Council as the Highlander spoke “Says perhaps we can convince you to do the job we have in mind for us since your refusing to do it such as unleashing our weapons on your home where people will pay for your refusal.” 
He spoke in a loud tone “You wouldn’t dare do this.” 
He paused as the Highlander spoke “Says either serve us or people die your choice Osiris.” 
He spoke “Fine I’ll do the job. What is it anyway?”
He narrowed his eyes as the Highlander spoke “Says you’re to go through the travel gate to a location we provided the place in your mind where you will use your abilities to remove some unwelcome visitors permanently as in killing them off and return to here.” 
Jinks felt he disgusted spoke “Who are those visitors that you want me to kill?”
He heard the Highlander speak “Says just remove them permanently and that’s it.” 
He spoke “Fine.” 
Jinks didn’t protest as an image of a place flashed in his mind as the Hawk guards forced him out of the room with Anubis leading. He didn’t struggle as he was hauled through the hallway to another break in the wall and forced walked through it which he saw a large room with a round circular metal gate arch in the middle of the room that was flashing whiteness in the middle of it. He felt himself let go and pushed towards the gate forced to walk through it which he found himself walking out of another gate entering a large metal grey room identical to the place in his mind. Jinks looked around in front of him to see high above was a large black window and he sensed people behind it watching along with being filmed. His eye focused on next to the window on the wall was a figure appearing to be asleep from bowed head while having back to the wall with feet touching it. He growled some angry sound recognizing the figure as a Wiser sitting on the wall with form still as he heard whining squeals sounds that made him look down abruptly to see three figures standing below at the foot of the ramp leading to the gate. He frowned seeing the three figures had round scaly green heads with no ears and golden eyes that reminded him of snakes and saw that they were wearing grey clothing with male forms that appeared to be jumpsuits with devices wrapped around their waists. Jinks eyed them as one of them spoke in gibberish that sounded like hissing to him which his companions spoke in return sounding in identical sounds of hissing. He narrowed his eyes with the Master in control at the three manoid versions of snakes he figured what they were. Jinks saw their eyes narrow while blinking a bit before they spoke in their hissing language chattering among each other in a lengthy conversation which made him get annoyed. Jinks held up a hand curling it in a fist mentally ordering the middle snake he figured he’ll call them that to choke and saw no reaction from the male who kept on chatting with his companions but heard his hissing sounds become weaker and weaker as he gagged him.  His senses cued aimed at the snake who abruptly gave up a loud gasp before rolling his eyes and falling backwards hitting the metal floor with a thump. Jinks willed the choking to continue as he sensed the fallen snake’s life signs fading fast which his eyes focused on the male’s silver booted feet that became flat followed by the flatness spreading up the manoid’s legs and appeared to be spreading through out his body. He watched the snake’s companions looked down at the snake on the floor with head shakes appearing to be confused as he sensed the snake gave up his life which he willed the choking to stop. He eyed the fallen snake as if drawn to see the flatness reached the male’s head and watched as the head crumbled up in pieces looking like dirt that fell to the floor in a pile with the clothes becoming very flat as if there was nothing in it. Jinks mentally ordered the choking to hit the snake on the right who gave up hissing sounds as his companion looked at him before pulling out a device from his waist belt and waved it over him which he mentally waved his other hand ordering the device to jam. Jinks stared at the snake that waved the device then whacked his hand on it before giving up hissing sounds making him think that the male was frustrated. Jinks kept his eyes on the snake on the right who pulled out a device from his waist belt which he waved a hand mentally ordering it to jam as he kept on choking the snake that seemed to be not aware of it. Jinks watched as the snake waved the device before throwing it at the wall which hit it with a clatter sound and slid to the floor. Jinks heard the snake give up hissing a sound making him think the male was angry as he choked him. Jinks kept his eyes on the snake who gave up a loud gasp sound before rolling his eyes and falling backwards hitting the floor with a thump. Jinks watched the snake’s body became flat with the form becoming still as he sensed the male gave up his life followed by the flatness dominating the body and the head crumbling up to form a pile of dirt. Jinks mentally willed the choking to stop and focused on the remaining snake ordering him to choke who folded his arms giving up a loud hiss sound and then unfolded his arms walking towards him up the ramp. Jinks fisted his left hand waiting as the snake reached him which he brought his fist into the male’s face who flew backwards flying off the ramp to hit the floor below with a thump before form becoming still. Jinks sensed the snake gave up his life by form not moving and seeing the familiar flatness results and head crumbling up to dirt. 
Jinks willed the choking to stop and heard a male voice sounding in his mind “Now get rid of the busybody near the window or else.” 
He grimaced feeling the headache stopped as the voice went silent figuring out that the voice belonged to a Highlander speaking to him mentally. Jinks looked up at the window and found the Wiser still attached to the wall near it appearing to be asleep as he raised his fisted right hand aimed at the figure and mentally ordered him to choke. Jinks saw the Wiser jerk his head shaking it and raising it up with eyes open that appeared to focused on him. Jinks watched as the Wiser adjusted his form putting a hand on the wall and forcing his body and feet off it of followed by falling down to the floor with hand still on the wall sliding it. Jinks brought his right hand down following the Wiser’s progress as the Wiser hit the floor feet landing on it then thrust out a sword from his arm and faded from view. Jinks abruptly felt a hand grab his hair on the back of his head along with a sword blade part poking his neck and felt he forced to turn around facing the gate. He mentally willed the choking to stop as the hand abruptly let go of him followed by a foot hitting him on the back pushing him into the gate as an image of a place flashed in his mind. 

Jinks came out of the gate falling to the floor to discover that he was in a some what small room with metal all around. He sat up and heard whining squeal sounds as figures appeared in front of him along with feeling poking in his back. He eyed the figures with recognition seeing that they were Annukai with guns in their hands pointed at him. Jinks raised his hands up in a surrender gesture as he heard a beep sound and felt the room drop down like an elevator in a fast speed. Jinks eyed the Annukai to see one with a mustache and beard gesture to him to stand up with a gun motion which he obeyed still keeping his hands up as the elevator stopped with a jerk. Jinks heard behind him the sound of elevator doors opening and was grabbed by the Annukai who forced walked him out of the elevator then released him while fading from view. He looked around to discover that he was in a large room that looked familiar with multiple people appearing to be manoid versions of ancient Earth’s gonoids that gave off growling noises seeing him standing there. Jinks exhaled a breath feeling himself disgusted with the manoids’ attitudes towards him realizing it was because he was a Human. 
He heard a guttural voice speaking in foreign language on his left which he recognized as Basic “You Human come with me. I think you need a drink after fighting with the Listeners.” 
He looked at his left to spot standing near him were three manoid versions of a gonoid he recognized as skunks as one pointed a clawed finger at him and repeated his words. Jinks felt disgust hitting him recalled his time being on the station and the manoids’ attitudes towards him. He ignored the skunks he figured he’ll call them that and looked around to find the familiar doorway which he felt his arm grabbed yanked it out turning towards the grabber to see the familiar skunks standing there with glares in their eyes. He glared at them as two held up gun like devices and pointed it at him which he feeling disgusted raised his hands up. He didn’t protest as the third skunk grabbed his arm pulling him forwards through the crowd to an area he recognized as some bar where the bartender was a manoid version of a wolf in a male body that appeared to look annoyed by the look in the manoid’s eyes. 
He was thrust towards the bar and heard the skunk speak as his arm was let go “Give him the Dula. He needs it after fighting with the Listeners.” 
Jinks eyed the wolf that appeared to be sniffing with his nose before turning around and bending down lifting something before turning around and placed on the bar top a bottle of pink clear liquid which the skunk grabbed and twisted open the top and thrust it towards him. Jinks took the bottle and smelled it with his nose finding nothing missed with it. 
He heard the skunk in front of him speaking in annoyed tone “Just drink it.”  
Jinks held up the bottle only to feel it shatter in his hand as he heard a loud roaring like howl sound that sounding familiar. 
He looked at his left to see a male Drainer escorted by a female Drainer came walking towards him male speaking in Basic in a growling angry tone “You Stripeans, what do you think your doing feeding that Human a poisoned drink?!”
Jinks stiffened hearing that to growl an angry sound a bit loudly which he turned his head towards the skunks he figured were called Stripeans that were appearing to look nervous as the Drainers out of the corners of his eyes reached them. 
He glared at the Stripeans as the male Drainer spoke in a loud tone “I don’t find it amusing that you, pachas keep letting your fear towards Humans control you as in killing them off without them trying to make peace around here!”
He heard multiple sounds of growling followed by sounds that reminded him of guns cocking sounds sounding all around him as the Drainer paused from talking. 
He eyed the Stripeans as one of them spoke sounding like a smirk in his tone “If you not with us then your against us, Drainer. Take back your words now.” 
He saw the speaker’s companions thrust out their guns pointing off his right which he looked to see them aimed at the two Drainers standing there as he glimpsed nearby others pointing their gun like weapons towards his direction appearing to be aimed at the Drainers. 
He frowned as the Drainer spoke in foreign language sounding to him like a bad attempt to speak Summeran which he translated to himself “Argh, Anita, blast those Highlanders and their lies about Humans.”
He heard the female Drainer speaking in identical foreign language which he translated to himself “Just great, Ian, getting us in this situation. How do you expect us to get out of it?”
He heard Ian speak still in the foreign language “What do you expect me to do take back my words verbally? I despise this.” 
He eyed the female Drainer he assumed was Anita jabbed him with her elbow which got the male Drainer he assumed was Ian to look at her which she spoke in foreign language “Their fear is too well deep thanks to the repeated mind washing by the Highlanders which will take awhile to stop.”
He heard growls sounding from the Stripeans as one of them spoke in Basic “Drainers what do you say about this?”
Jinks eyed Ian who looked away at his direction then the Drainer spoke in Basic “I take back my words about that Human satisfied?”
He eyed Ian who folded his arms as he heard the Stripean speak “I suggest you ask for permission next time you feed or find yourself shot period.” 
He heard murmurs of agreements to the Stripean’s words muttered among the other manoids gathered around. 
Jinks frowned as Ian spoke in foreign language sounding irritated “Where the depths Hades when you need him? He’s never around when he’s wanted. Drat that fool for going into hiding.”
He watched as Ian and Anita walked away which he followed with his eyes on them to hear loud growling sounds all around him followed by multiple beeping noises which made him look facing the manoids that aimed their guns at him. Jinks raised his hands in a surrender gesture as laser beams came from the guns in his eyes sight heading towards him which he abruptly fell into a perfect leg split hearing glass breaking noises. He heard a loud howling sound of annoyance and heard the guns stop their blasting. Jinks rolled onto his back bringing his legs together and with a karate swung up move thrust he up to stand twisting to keep the bar at his back while eyeing the manoids who still had their guns up. He heard a whining squeal as a Wiser appeared in front of him with back facing him. He frowned as he heard loud sounds of gasping sounds followed by silence. 
He stared at the Wiser’s back and heard the Wiser speak “Edenia is watching you. Be careful on what you do with Humans.” 
He felt himself frowning as the Wiser faded from view and then he saw the manoids appearing to be chatting with each other while pointing fingers in his direction. He heard sounds of multiple growls along with nonsense sounds among the manoids that suggested that they were chatting in foreign languages to each other according to their race. Jinks eyed the familiar doorway took his time walking towards it ignored by the manoids which he walked around them and reached the doorway walking through it. He found the familiar hallway with the blank wall which he walked up to putting a hand on it and it slide apart showing a metal gated arch underneath a spotlight in a room. Jinks walked through the arch hearing the walls slid shut behind him as he headed towards the gate walking up the ramp. He mentally got an image of the High Council’s gate room where he was forced through flashing in his mind which he entered the gate. 

Jinks came out of the gate to see the familiar room and heard whining squeals sounds as he felt his arms grabbed by clawed hands he sensed belonged to the Hawk guards as Anubis appeared in his eyes sight. Jinks frowned as he saw Anubis’s ears were flat on the top of his head with cat eyes narrowed glaring at him before turning around walking away which he was forced walked to follow. He clamped his mouth shut as he was forced to the High Council’s throne room where the familiar Highlander was standing there with mouth in a thin line. 
He kept his mouth shut as the Highlander spoke still using the bored tone “Says well Osiris seems like you did what we asked you since you’re here.”
Jinks wisely didn’t comment to the High Council’s remark held his silence as the Highlander continued “Says one of our agents will meet with you to explain an excuse you should say to the First Ones to explain your situation.” 
Jinks felt the Hawk guards release their holds on his arms as he blinked his eyes to discover himself standing in the dining room of the penthouse facing Cart who had a narrowed eyed glare on his face with mouth forming a thin line that reminded him of the Highlander speaker’s mouth expression. 
Cart spoke using the same bored tone as the Highlander speaker to his shock “Good you’re here as transported by the Meritanians. They managed to manipulate you to crash out of that van with it spewing of poisonous gas which caused First Ones nearby to riot in panic. A pity to the cops who wound up going down with injuries in the stampede which our agents managed to get through the crowd to get you to one of our vehicles out of sight. The Meritanians transported you to our home base for medical attention which required a change of clothes due how poisonous the gas was. The High Council making you serve them was their payment for helping you.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath and went to a chair sitting down as Cart paused from talking to watch him sit. 
He stared at Cart who went to a chair to sit opposite from him before speaking “The vehicle in question you were taken to before being transported was driven to your home and gained entry inside just to make it seem like you were brought to here. I should tell you that another of our agents managed to get word of this stunt happening to you including your identity to the news affiliates anonymously who have been broadcasting this report repeatedly the whole time you were gone.”
Jinks sighed as Cart leaned forwards before adding “I’m told that it took you twelve hours of breathing oxygen through a mask unconsciously for the poison and its effects to clear from your system along with fed intravenous nourishment fluid through syringe in your arm. This took another additional twelve hours to restore you to health. It’s been three days since that incident.”
He frown hearing that as Cart paused to clear his throat and then spoke “I speak on behalf of Scotland a Highlander group formed by a former High Council member with the same name, Osiris.”
Jinks stiffened of shock running through him hearing Cart’s mention of Scotland to widen his eyes staring at the Highlander who nodded his head with a serious look on his face.  

“From what I remember is Jinks get some food and rest after Cart leaves.” 

Jinks sleeps for three days straight and wakes up on the third day by alarm clock time of eight o’clock and gets up to start his day and which he sees Cart and staff in the dining room.
Cart tells him after eating breakfast “Hettinger has been sprouting some lie about there not being a challenger to the public. He’s said you dropped out to the incident of renegade cops targeting you.” 
Jinks feels annoyed hearing that as Cart adds “I managed to get the word out that there’ll be a press conference in front of the building to talk about you yourself and whether your still in the running or not.” 
Cart proceeds to teach him how to handle a press conference along with how to say his words just so that the press won’t twist it under Hettinger’s influence “Its reports that Hettinger has clout with the press people in the city to bribe them to trash yourself.  It’s going to happen at the moment soon just to counterattack Hettinger’s slander.” 

Jinks at the appointed time goes outside to find a microphone stand while there are various press people there along with feeling himself filmed speaks to them “I’m still in the running for the Mayor position. I’m challenging Hettinger for the titled position.” 
He waves a fist while forming an angry look on his face and doesn’t say anything else more instead darts inside going to the penthouse. 
Once inside gets told by Cart “How you did the press conference is good. The presses don’t have an excuse to twist your words by how you said them but the fist waving thing might be twisted. I’m not sure how they’ll do it instead might make it seem like your furious with the renegade cops Hettinger blamed for the incident happening to you.” 
Jinks gets from Willingham an envelope which he opens to find “You’re cordially invited to attend a political reception dinner for Governor of the state George Kensington in Albany the state capital later in the month after the January fifteenth deadline on the twentieth.” 
Jinks hears from Cart “Kensington recently announced his candidacy for the King position. The invitation shows that Kensington either supports you or wants you to support him for his fight to gain the King position, isn’t sure of. I’ll find out.” 
Jinks gets handed newspapers spouting lies about him I don’t want to repeat into here. The lies gets him very angry enough to almost get a rage episode which he storms into the gym room and does his Kata karate along with drills and attacking the punching bag over and over till he feels weary halts doing it but is still angry.
Jinks get interrupted by Willingham telling him “The Master’s required time to eat a meal is now.” which he obeys still feeling angry. 

I noticed that Jinks continues to have blow ups of anger whenever he sees lies on TV and reading about it in the newspapers that occupy him for awhile till January fourteenth is when he’s forced to give out a press conference. 
Cart telling him “Hettinger keeps sprouting lies about you dropping out of the Mayor race to the public via various means. Your people have been verbalizing that he hasn’t dropped out to people in the city.” 
Jinks do his Karate morning of the press conference on the fifteenth just to blow some steam then dresses appropriately followed by eating a good meal and then walks out to the public to meet the press
“I announce to the public that I’m still challenging Hettinger for the Mayor position. I must firmly say that next time people get some rumor about me, you people, should ask me point blank about it instead of assuming something else.” He says.
He uses the press conference to sway voters to vote for him by saying “You should vote for me once the time arrives for I want to be Mayor. I want people to vote me in position.” 
He walks off ignoring the press going inside to the penthouse to meet Cart who appeared to speak “Your performance saying that using the press conference to get voters to vote for you is an interesting idea but I’m not sure if it’ll backfire on you or not. I not sure of Hettinger and his mind thinking or how Hettinger would react to that.” 

From what I remember nothing involving Jinks’ reaction to that talk or Hettinger’s reaction. I find that for several days before the reception for the Governor the newspapers aren’t present on the table and the TV seemingly lost its signal as in showing a blue blank screen whenever he turns it on.
Jinks dreams of Lance who gags him on the throat “Your to not to order your servants or staff to give you periodicals or get the TV’s service back on. You reportedly having blow ups of anger whenever you reads a lie or sees a lie on TV both about you. You were letting anger take control of you and not doing anything else to calm down from it or listening to people who attempts to calm you down.” 
He doesn’t protest to that gets his eyes forced shut and then wakes up in a calm mood. 
He finds his staff in the dining room which Cart for several days gives him instructions on handling the reception and what appropriate subjects to talk to the Governor when they both acknowledge each other to talk on stuff. 
He gets annoyed by Cart telling him “We weren’t able to get a hotel room in Albany, hotel clerks when inquired on the phone say ‘We don’t have vacancies.’ 
I suspected this talk is all lies. Some of your people undercover were able to get hotel rooms before later abruptly kicked out by the hotel sickening cops onto them. Your people are still trying to find out how the hotels’ clerks figured out who they were working for.” 
Jinks recalls the Master Organization speaks about it and recalls “There’s one group called Peasant having some kind of dress code meeting various Peasants over the years always wearing the same kind of clothing and appearing to be some kind of group uniform. I wonder if the people undercover were wearing them.” 
He gets from Cart “Actually that there’s a rumor going around in the Master Organization that some Table member is supporting Hettinger. As a result has been blabbing identities of your supporters in the Master Organization to the hotel clerks. They have been kicked out soon after they check in. We’re still trying to find out who that Table member is.” 
Jinks feels annoyed hearing that gets from Cart “The time frame is about a way too many hours drive by vehicle to Albany from New York City. The traffic in New York City is notoriously very bad. The time will take an additional two hours to get out of the city to the highway to Albany. You would have to get up earlier than normal time frame just so your driver and yourself would have time to stop on the way for breaks requiring body functions you and driver getting nourishments in the process. We don’t have the necessary funds to get you a helicopter ride to Albany. We haven’t had much luck on finding a pilot and personal plane to fly you to there.” 
I heard an edge in Cart’s voice that tells me that Cart isn’t fully saying what he’s telling Jinks. 
I find that Jinks figures out that there’s something unsaid says “There’s something unsaid isn’t there?”
He gets from Cart “I suspect that the Table member supporting Hettinger has loyal spies in each group in the Master Organization and in the city. This Table member must have some clout in the Table group, we haven’t been able to get the necessary funds for you to use for his campaign or travel arrangements to Albany, being blocked from accessing the funds set aside for you to use. The money is reportedly totaled in a high money amount in the millions. The money used to pay for your campaign and staff is coming out of the pocket of loyal members who aren’t that richly well off. The total isn’t near the million number marks despite donations from fellow members. We had to resort to having members loyal to you to pressure other people in the city to donate to your campaign. This has have results of cops arresting those people to steal their money collected or just stealing the money collected and leaving them trying to gain more money. The cops keep pulling this stunt on them over and over plus it appears that the cops are aware of who the members are. They reportedly were picking them out without identification given to do their stunt. This stunt proves that a Table member was behind it that only Table members are aware of lower members’ identities while other groups aren’t despite the Peasant group flaunting themselves by wearing some uniformed like clothes.” 
Jinks feel annoyed hearing that as Cart adds “You have to go to bed a bit early just to gain the necessary required hours of sleep. You are having an opportunity to sleep in the car. The servants have been made aware of this and have given assurances that they’ll be prepared to handle this early morning rising.” 
Jinks get reminded of the reception happening tomorrow to his annoyance thinking “I had days to prepare for the reception when I found out I don’t.”
Jinks goes to bed early and sleeps till the wee hours of the morning hearing the alarm going off and feels annoyed having to get up at this hour feeling its ungodly to do it. Jinks do the wake up and get dressed in his usual black dress clothes along with metal tie and meet the butler in the hallway who doesn’t appear to look fatigued to him that makes him annoyed. Jinks eats breakfast finding it’s a big meal and figures that it’ll fill him up for the long drive to the reception in Albany.  He finds a limo with a Highlander driver waiting for him which he goes inside the limo and sees that its got a small fridge stocked fully with food and drink. Jinks figures he better save some for the driver as the driver drives him out of the city. Jinks can’t sleep due to the honking noises sounding very loudly then reaches the highway which he attempts to sleep in the car only finds he wide awake and recalls the breakfast drinks to realize that he was given coffee instead of orange juice. The drink was tasting odd to him and recalls that its coffee from drinking it as a youngster when starting High School. The school started at an earlier time frame than middle school and needing to get up earlier than he normally does. 
Jinks recalled he still going to bed at a late evening hour and his mother nagging him “Jinks, just go to go to bed early instead of relying on coffee to keep you awake!”  
He grimaces recalling that his mother’s nagging won out like she compelled him to sleep in bed early. Jinks recalled he went to bed at an earlier hour and instead of his regular time. In the morning Jinks found he better rested after getting up and felt like he didn’t need coffee and only drank it if he needed to drink it in the mornings after getting up from sleep by alarm. 
Jinks find that the driver stops the car at a rest stop and got ordered “We both should go to use the restroom but we need to take turns for guarding the car.”
 They’ll take their turns going into the restaurant to do it due to needing to guard the car. Jinks obey finding he needing to hit the bathroom and sits in the car as the driver goes to do his business. Jinks finds this repeats again twice while on the highway to Albany and doesn’t have a watch to figure out how long the driver is driving to require rest from driving. They reach Albany and then reach the building holding the reception which there’s an underground parking lot.
“Master’s ordered to use the signs to find his way inside. Master better hurry being thirty minutes late.” He heard from the driver.
I wound up to feels annoyed hearing that lateness like Jinks was annoyed himself. Jinks obeyed to find signs leading to the reception room in the building. Jinks wound up having to repeatedly show his ID found in his jacket pocket to police men standing on his way that pat him down repeatedly. The pat downs takes forever to declare him harmless despite annoyed with the patting including not sparing his sensitive part like they groped him. The pat down police officers are both males and females doing that groping and touching all over Jinks to his disgust. 
Jinks are sensed thinking during that “I’ll be later to arrive into the reception room.”             
 
“Jinks irritation is sensed from all that patting down and groping of his sensitive part. He’s sensed thinking vulgarity language at the police officers involving the word kidding. Not sure what kidding means but I recall a Meritanian named Kiddy. 
Zerra is heard blaring ‘Quit focusing onto Kiddy my sister and focus else where!’
Ugh she’s being a weirdly mysterious as usual. I’ll just keep on writing about Jinks Montreal despite an image of a male in my mind involving Lance Richard’s descriptive looks flashing and giving me a glare of anger. Not sure if Mars really has a Lance Richard doing that communication. Again Zerra interferes and insists on Jinks Montreal.”
Written by Brandis. 
     
Jinks entered the reception room and stood looking around seeing people sitting at tables eating from plates with silverware in their hands. He eyed the Governor George Kensington sitting at a table next to Mayor Hettinger and Donald on his other side. He frowned noticing some of the people in the room were glaring at him. 
He walked forwards and was blocked by a waiter who spoke in a rude tone “The empty table is for you to sit.”
Jinks frowned remembering the coach’s party and the reception he received and felt déjà vu hitting him again. He stood as the waiter walked away and then walked towards the governor but was blocked by a man wearing a suit getting up from a table standing in his way. 
He frowned as the man spoke in a rude tone “The Governor was stupid to invite a jerk like you. I suggest you leave or I’ll have security haul you out or else.” 
Jinks didn’t say a word turned around and marched towards the door. His left hand was abruptly grabbed by a hand feeling feminine. Jinks turned around with annoyance to see a young woman appearing to be eighteen with long black hair and blue eyes while wearing a frilly pink dress who stared at him with an intense look that appeared to be recognition Jinks was sensed thinking a vulgarity wording involving the party towards the Governor. 
Jinks spoke a he yanked his hand out of her grip “What do you want? Speak it or I’m leaving.” 
He stared at the woman with anger running through him as she spoke “Why are you leaving? It’s rude.” 
He spoke with anger in his voice “I’m leaving for I won’t stand being invited to parties to be humiliated and insulted too. So back off and leave me alone.” 
He turned and stormed towards the door fighting anger taking control. He yanked open the door and slammed it shut behind him as he walked out. He walked in the hallway willing himself to calm down and then walked out past cops who ignored him to the limo sitting in a parking spot. He felt annoyance having to look all over the underground parking lot to find his limo and driver which he found standing in front of the car furthest from the entrance to the building. He saw his familiar driver standing outside with arms folded who seeing him opened the car door. Jinks went inside the limo and felt the door slam shut behind him. He leaned back as the driver got in the car. 
He spoke “Driver, take me home.” 
Jinks felt the limo start and leaned back shutting his eyes. He dreamed of himself on a beach facing Lance who had annoyance in his face. 
He stared at Lance who spoke “The governor is running for the King position in the election and needs your support for it along with support of Hettinger and Donald. The governor invited you to tell you that he was supporting you in your campaign for Mayor.” 
Jinks frowned as Lance paused then continued “He was forced to invite Donald and Hettinger to the party by his own advisors who kept insisting on that. Both Hettinger and Donald had supporters there at the party who made sure that you would be humiliated and feel no support from the governor. I plan to have a Highlander inform the governor of the real reason why you left the party abruptly so he’ll know of it.” 
He heard a new voice speaking “Shouldn’t it be time for you to get up from bed?”
Jinks looked at his right to see Ramses and his sisters standing there which Lance’s hand came into view and forced his eyes shut. 

Jinks came to feel a foot connect with his stomach. Jinks jerked his eyes open to see a large human male above him wearing nothing but shorts that brought a foot above his head. He quickly rolled over and swung himself up with a karate move and found himself in a cage with people outside it yelling encouragement towards the human male he saw was bald and appearing to be overweight. He looked around with quick scans to see that there was a gate door to the fence and behind it peering through the wire, Donald and Hettinger with smirks on their faces. Jinks ducked as the male swung a fist at him. He brought a foot into the male’s stomach hard with a karate move then kicked at the male’s head repeatedly. He saw the male shake his head and roll his eyes which he brought a leg behind the man’s knees knocking him onto the floor onto his back. Jinks brought a foot kicking the male on the head knocking him out and then stood to face Donald and Hettinger as the crowd he noticed looked well dressed and stared at the two men. He sensed himself wearing nothing but shorts that suspiciously felt like underwear and folded his arms to stare at Donald and Hettinger. He saw a hand grab Hettinger on the shoulder yanking him sideways revealing Governor Kensington who had an annoyed look on his face. 
He listened through the whispering as Kensington spoke in a loud tone “Hettinger I had a tip off that my daughter was here. Have you seen her?”
He heard Donald speak “I’ve seen her but don’t know where she is.” 
Jinks felt himself stared at from behind and felt a compulsion to turn around via Meritanian’s manipulation he didn’t acknowledge at the time. Jinks did obeyed the compulsion like a mindless idiot and eyed at the fence behind it was a woman dressed in a black business suit with a hat on her head covering her hair and sunglasses on her face covering her eyes. He saw her lips were in a hint of a smile he thinking that despite the lips were seen as a smirk. Feeling compelled he walked forwards and placed his hands on the fence as the woman did the same with her bare hand fingers touching his. He felt a strange feeling like he knew her somewhere and frowned as the woman took off her sunglasses. He stared with shock recognizing her as the young eighteen year old female from the governor’s party that had grabbed his hand trying to keep him from leaving the party. He saw a happy look in her eyes as it turned into a frown as Kensington came into view grabbing her on the arm. 
He frowned as Kensington spoke “Victoria, there you are. I’m not amused that you’re here with these ruffians. Now come along.” 
He watched as the woman he assumed was named Victoria was led away her eyes still lingering on him. His senses blared a warning which brought him to kick his foot out behind him meeting flesh. Jinks spun around lowering his foot to aim another kick at the man’s head and continued to do it till the man hit the ground still shaking his head.  Jinks felt the Master blown into him along with the urge to kill hitting him darted onto the man’s back, grabbed the man’s head twisting it till he heard a snapping crack as the man gave up his life. He stood up and slow walked towards the gated door and grabbed the door yanking it off its hinges and walked out to see Hettinger looking confused while Donald looked furious. He waved a hand ordering paralysis to hit Hettinger then darted forwards to grab the man by the throat with a hand gagging him tightly. He felt a hand grab his arm feeling electrical currents of pleasure from the touch he sensed thinking that. The currents were more like a brother and sister twinning connection to anything like pleasure to me from memory of myself having a twin sister. 
Anyway breaking my thoughts I heard a female voice speaking loudly “Governor, don’t! He appears to be possessive by some demon spirit! Only a child can stop the spirit’s work!” 
He let go of Hettinger that hit the floor and he waved away the paralysis from the man shutting his eyes to put a hand on his forehead. He felt the hand release its hold followed by a female form hugging him hands on his back that made him feel charges of pleasure hitting him. He felt something like a dam burst hitting him willed the Master away from him to fell to his knees as the female kept her hold on him going to her knees. He burst into tears wailing a cry of anguish then continue to wail cries of tears as the female kept on holding him which he wrapped his arms around her in a tight grip. He continued to wail till he felt a stinging pain in his back that felt like a needle and then was followed by sleepiness which calmed him down to stop wailing to feel he going unconscious. 

Jinks woke with a start to find himself back in his bedroom in the penthouse lying in bed clad in his familiar sweatpants. He felt a sick feeling hitting him got up from the bed and darted into the bathroom slamming the door. The feeling involved throwing up to me but I’m not sure. I’m sure the sick feeling is throwing up but I’m not going to focus onto it. Jinks came out with a hand on his stomach feeling himself better but still sick. He went to the closet and paused to stare at the window that didn’t show daylight’s light shining through. 
He frowned and went to the clock which the time blared the night time of eleven o’clock. Groaning loudly he went back to the bed and laid on his side yanking the blankets over his head while punching the pillow then shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Writes Brandis “Excuse me for starting a new paragraph involving passing out unconscious but I figured I would make a point of how Jinks is doing involving being asleep and awake.”

Jinks came to hear the alarm blare its sound yanked the blankets off his head to glare at the clock which blared eight o’clock in the morning. He eyed his windows’ curtains to see them glowing from the sunlight outside got up from the bed and went into the bathroom something I don’t care to describe involving body hygiene. 

Jinks came out wearing nothing on his form but his hair some what damp which baffles me on why’s he’s not wearing clothes when leaving the bathroom despite I do that via towel wrap. He went to the closet and inside yanked out a long sleeve top with buttons holding the front together with a collar which he put on along with underwear shorts, socks and pants. He went to the dresser and grabbed a metal rope jewelry tie which he put on around his neck underneath the collar and grabbed his shoes putting them on. He took a business suit jacket and put it on as he walked out of the closet closing the door behind him. He went into the bathroom and looked at his hair through the mirror seeing it messy which he grabbed a hairbrush and brushed it neatly. 

Writes Brandis “I don’t bother with the hairbrush very much, for my hair is always put into a tail messy or not. I’m still feeling pained from a hairbrush status. Ugh.” 

Jinks left the bathroom went out to the bedroom’s entrance and yanked open the door to see Willingham standing outside in the hallway with the familiar expression on his face still dressed in his butler uniform. 
Jinks spoke “Anything I should know of, Willingham?”
He frowned as the butler spoke “Not that I know of, Master. Just want to add that their waiting for you in the dining room along with that the cook has breakfast for you ready.” 
He nodded his head and walked to the dining room following Willingham to see the familiar crowd was there speaking in whispered tones. He sat at the head of the table as Willingham he noticed went into the kitchen. He frowned as a Highlander he recognized dubbed Cart sat down next to him in the chair looking serious. 
He looked at Cart with a questioning look on his face as the Highlander spoke “I would rather you eat your breakfast first before I tell you anything. I don’t want to ruin your appetite if the news seems bad.” 
Jinks nodded his head as he heard the kitchen doors bang its sound looked to see Roberta carrying a tray with food in dishware on it setting it down in front of him. He took his time eating the food and once finished sat back leaning against the chair as Roberta took the tray and went into the kitchen. 
He stared at Cart who spoke “Its Donald. 
He sent a messenger here saying ‘He claims that he has you on tape killing some buffoon and is threatening to go public with the contents if you don’t withdraw from the Mayoral race.’”
Jinks frowned remembering his time in the cage fighting the Human male and frowned even further recalling that he sensed as he fought that he wasn’t being filmed by a camera. 
Cart continued speaking “Anyway I sent one of our cronies a Highlander to Donald’s office to scan his mind to find out about this. The Highlander in question wound up carried out in a body bag appearing to be shot dead by Donald’s guards but he was able to transfer information to a pregnant Human female in the lobby who has some sort of mind ability to receive mind walking talk in her mind. The female in question reports that Donald is lying about the filming also some other information that explains that he has a personal vendetta against you. The vendetta has nothing to do with his religious beliefs. He’s the Table member who’s been supporting Hettinger.”
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips hearing Cart’s words as Cart paused then the Highlander continued to speak “The personal vendetta I’m told has something to do with the original Jinks Montreal who reportedly visited an ancestor of Donald named Burke Richardson.
The Jinks’ back then told Burke ‘Your dead to me for what you did to the original my mother who was assassinated on Burke’s orders.’”
He frowned recalling his visit to Burke’s office after finding out what happened to his mother as Cart kept talking “Burke for some unexplained reason wound up passing on this incident to his descendants who passed it on to their descendants. They didn’t do anything about the incident till Donald was told of it when he reached legal adult status. Donald has taken a personal vendetta as a result. He is targeting you because of your resemblance to the original Jinks Montreal. You have taken his name Jinks Montreal in his honor who he is blaming for the incident that happened to Burke Richardson.” 
Jinks nodded his head but kept his mouth shut as Cart continued talking “I had some sources do some background checking on you living in Connecticut till you wound up in Wolf’s Howl, New York then to here. I discovered through my sources that Donald when he reached his current age was responsible for encouraging the Peasant group to see you as a living God and worship you like one. My sources detailed that Donald some time ago discovered you living in Connecticut had your movements tracked through several homing beacons. I’m told he would blab to the Peasant group where you were for them to worship you.”
Jinks groaned a soft sound as Cart kept talking “The tracking stopped when you went to New York City but Donald had people in the Peasant and Knight Groups keep a look out for you. Some of those people were reporting to Scotland on their sightings of you. Also I should mention that Scotland was trying to track you to get you to the penthouse under protection. It was they who sent the bounty hunter Steven Brown to search for you after you left the city.”
Jinks frowned as Cart paused to shake his head then continued talking “There’s one other problem I think you should know. Donald has control of the local news TV affiliate along with a local press newspaper as their owner. He has been using both to blares attack ads against you while making Hettinger look good to the people. I’m afraid the only way you’ll have to get people’s vote is to travel around the city by foot meeting people. You’ll have to asking them to vote for you as a way of getting yourself out to the public.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing Cart’s words figuring that the Highlander wasn’t kidding on what he said. 
He spoke “So I guess that means I’ll see you around.” 
Jinks saw Cart nod his head as he got up and walked to the elevator taking it to the lobby. He went out the building through the front entrance and figured to himself he might as well start with the crowd of people walking by him that gave him double take looks on their faces. 
He sighed and went to the nearest person and spoke his words telling “I’m Jinks Montreal. I’m currently running for the Mayor position in the city. I want your vote.” 
Jinks repeatedly did to people while walking in the city and got repeated “Ok I’ll vote for you.”
This was followed by head shaking yes each time he met the person. Jinks kept up the greeting till he felt rain falling on him looked up at the sky to see it looking stormy. He looked around to see that he was far from the penthouse building and would have to walk to it not having money on him to take a cab. Jinks groaned and walked to the direction where the penthouse building lay while feeling the rain fall harder on him making him wet. People around him ran in jogging movements not bothering to give him a glance. He exhaled a breath continued walking to feel the rain fall harder followed by thunder and lightening. 
He muttered out loud “Great! I should have watched the weather report! I wouldn’t be in this rain!” 
He continued to walk feeling his clothes plastering on him as the rain fell. He felt a hand touch his shoulder in a tight grip from behind followed by a stinging pain of a needle dart hitting his back that made him feel sleepiness that persisted till he felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to discovering himself rope tied to a metal armchair while wearing nothing but his underwear shorts. He opened his eyes to see he was underneath a spotlight with a set of stairs going down a meter in front of him. Jinks broke the ropes holding him got up to hear a whooshing sound jerked his right foot backwards to feel stinging pain in his chest on the right side which he looked to see an arrow sticking out of it. Jinks gritted his teeth and forced out of the arrow along with the dagger end tossing it in front of him down the stairs. He heard zapping sounds of electricity along with water splashing sounds exhaled a breath from the pain and willed the Darkness through him. He walked towards the stairs to hear another whooshing sound which his left hand came up gripping an arrow aimed at his chest. He mentally willed the Master through and tossed the arrow down the steps following it’s descend to see it land into a pool of water at the end of the steps followed by zapping sounds of electricity. He waved his hands mentally ordering gun devices to jam while hearing no more whooshing sounds. Jinks went down the steps to the second to the last step and bent down peering at the pool. He saw that the pool appeared to be ankle deep with wiring on the floor part of it and appeared to be on the large size in a semicircle position in front of the steps. Jinks exhaled a breath as he felt the stairs he was on flatten themselves followed by moving towards the pool like a treadmill machine. Jinks turned around and walked up the incline getting no progress and finding the speed increased which he looked down to spot part of steps were still up. Jinks jumped to them to stand exhaling a breath. He twisted his form and peered down the incline off its side to see the ground looking like dirt figured to he that he’ll jump down. Jinks jumped down only to feel himself sinking into the dirt to realize it was quicksand. Jinks looked around to spot a rope drop down from above which he grabbed and felt the rope pull him up towards the ceiling. Jinks found the rope belonged to a human size hawk bird sitting on a pylon in the ceiling as daylight shined from a large open window behind it. He forced himself onto the pylon and stood on it staring at the bird. 
He heard a female voice in his mind speak “Hold onto my legs for I can’t grip you with my feet while I get you out of here.” 
He didn’t comment as the bird hopped onto his shoulders which he reached up putting hands on the bird’s legs gripping them tightly. Jinks felt the bird in the air flying towards the window. 
Jinks thought “I think I would have to lift my legs for the bird to fly through the window with me holding onto the hawk.”
He lifted his legs as the bird went though the open window into the sky that shining of sun of morning from the position. He lowered his legs and watched the scenery seeing the area was warehouses near the docks. The bird flew him further into the city then reached the penthouse building gently lowering him among an open garden area on part of the roof. Jinks let go of the bird and landed on his feet then watched it fly away. Jinks looked around to spot a door in a wall which he went to only to see the door open followed by a Highlander walking out that looked shocked to see him. 
He frowned as the Highlander spoke “Good your still alive and not hospitalized by some news broadcast has been saying in critical condition with some illness. Your spokesperson is down at the entrance giving a press conference saying that you’re still alive and fine.”
Jinks spoke as the Highlander paused “harrumph.” 
He saw the Highlander shake his head before speaking “Follow me I’ll get you to the penthouse where you can put on clothes and meet the public to prove that your still alive.” 
He wordlessly followed the Highlander down the stairs going pass doorways till the male stopped at a door and knocked on it three times. He frowned as the door opened to show another Highlander who widened his eyes seeing him. 
Jinks frowned as the Highlander who opened the door spoke “The elevator is just down the hallway so take it.” 
He nodded his head and went through the doorway to find the elevator was where the Highlander said which he went inside and reached for the penthouse button which he halted his hand’s movements. 
Jinks spoke as he willed the Master and Darkness away from him “Screw this!”
Unsure what that saying meant. He pressed the button to the lobby and felt the elevator go down which he walked out once it stopped to hear multiple gasps sounds in the room. 
He spoke loudly as he walked to the entrance “I know what I’m doing so don’t interfere!” 
He walked out to feel himself filmed and heard multiple gasping sounds from the crowd which he saw appeared to see him along with a Highlander standing sideways in front of a microphone stand that looked bugged eyed to see him. Jinks gestured to his body with his hands then wagged a pointer finger at the crowd then turned around walking inside to feel a stinging pain in his back as he went in the building. He walked towards the elevators to feel sleepiness hitting him hard followed by the floor rushing to meet him. Jinks felt the coldness on his cheek followed by shutting his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the sound of the alarm blaring in his ear. He jerked himself up to discover that he was back in his bedroom wearing sweatpants on his form. Jinks glared at the clock to see the time of nine o’clock in the morning. He exhaled a breath to sense his back wasn’t stinging along with no feeling of pain anywhere on him but a familiar feeling that made him get up hitting the bathroom slamming the door. This scene reminds me for I have to go myself so excuse me despite Zerra still insisting on writing more which I refused to stop my urges to expel for that. 

Jinks came out fresh from showering with hair brushed while dressed in black clothing consisted of dressy pants and a button down long sleeve top with sneakers on his feet. He sighed feeling himself satisfied having the clothes on his form. Jinks went to the bedroom doors yanking them open to see Willingham that formed a look of relief on his face seeing him. 
He spoke “How long was I out sick?”
He frowned as Willingham spoke “About seven days and no you weren’t sick. You were discovered injured from something of an arrow in your chest and shot in the back by a projectile gun which had to be operated out.”
He stiffened hearing Willingham’s words while hearing an edge in the butler’s voice sensing that there was something not fully said. He shrugged and went to the dining room to sit in his familiar spot and waited as Roberta arrived carrying a tray looking relieved to see him. He found himself very hungry gobbled up all of the food and gulped down the drink’s contents. He exhaled a breath to spot his familiar newspapers weren’t on the table. 
He spoke as he finished eating “What did I miss while I was out?”
Jinks frowned as Roberta spoke “Oh nothing much.” 
He heard an edge in her voice figured that she wasn’t fully telling him what he wanted to know got up from the chair and went to the elevator taking it to the lobby which he walked out. 
Jinks found his way blocked by a guard who spoke “We’re ordered to knock you out if you go farther than the bench outside.”          
He felt himself confused but nodded his head and went outside to stand noticing people walking by do double take looks on their faces while all appearing to be shocked seeing him. He went to the bench and sat down watching the people walk by him doing the same look on their faces that made his suspiciousness rise. He folded his arms and felt sleepiness shut his eyes bowing his head which he dreamed of facing Lance who looked annoyed by the expression on his face. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “While you were out unconscious Hettinger announced to the public that you passed away overdosing from drugs to give you your body form while saying that you were obsessed with having a perfect body.”
He felt himself annoyed hearing that as Lance continued speaking “One of Hettinger’s cronies shot you in the back but thought he missed because you kept on walking despite the bullet hitting you. This knocked you out for seven days into some healing sleep which your body was given medicine through injected form. That seven day sleep resulted in you manipulating things again which I had no way of contacting you.”
Jinks groaned loudly as he saw Lance’s eyes turn in all black which made him nervous as his father spoke “That manipulating you did involved getting some guy named George Kensington to broadcast an ad saying that Hettinger was lying about you passed away which hit the city. Some overheard people are questioning how you got your body form. It well known that people well off in money are obsessed with having a perfect body and will do what it takes to get it.” 
He groaned loudly as Lance continued talking “You don’t need to worry about this. 
Some of the people in the Master Organization have been spreading a rumor saying ‘The Master had military training along with being well trained in karate from childhood to adult.’
That’s their excuse their using that as an excuse for your body form. There’s a possibly you may have to demonstrate your karate ability to the public just to prove that rumor isn’t a joke due to some people overheard are saying that.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut jerked his head up to spot a crowd in front of him scattering in different directions that told him that they had stopped to stare at him while he was asleep listening to Lance’s talk. He sighed and stood up sensing himself filmed which annoyed him. He looked at his left to see a young male human appearing to be an Asian looking like a teenager running in his direction carrying a purse in his hand while spotting an older female behind the man appearing to be chasing. Jinks steadied himself as the male with the purse came by which he stuck out his foot tripping the man while yanking the purse from the Asian’s hand. He walked up to the woman who halted from her running to stare at him with range of emotions on her face which he handed her the purse she took. He felt a leg connect with his ankles from behind knocking him onto the ground on his back followed by a foot stepping on his chest which he saw belonged to the tripped male. 
He felt annoyance as the male spoke “You shouldn’t have done that for I’ll foot your seat.” 
Jinks used his legs to remove the male’s foot off his chest along with knocking the man onto the ground which he swung himself up with a karate swing up move to witness the Asian do the same. He felt annoyance figuring out that the male was trained in karate from the swung up move in perfect style as the man attacked him with fists and legs flying in martial art moves. 
Jinks counterattacked the man’s moves by doing equal karate moves figuring out “From the Asian’s expression on his face that I would have to knock out the male due to him wanting to fight and not interesting in talking or leaving me to walk away unscathed.” 
He sensed the filming continue as he sensed an audience of people gathered around while fighting from seeing glimpses of them when shifting his eyes around. He heard a loud whistle blowing sound blaring loudly several times from behind him to see the male’s eyes shift to look behind him widening them then halting the fight by running away from him. The Asian thrusting through a crowd of people gathered who let the male take off running away by them staring at him with ranges of emotions on their faces. 
Jinks heard a loud male voice speak from behind him “Alright break it up! Nothing to see here! Get on moving now!” 
Jinks turned around eying the crowd scattered walking away to see a young male wearing a cop uniform that was shaking his head with some bewildered expression on the man’s face. 
He frowned as the cop spoke sounding shocked “Oh you got to be kidding me. Wait till the others hear of what I witnessed. Ooh that’s not going to sit well with the boss ugh.” 
Jinks narrowed his eyes staring at the cop who cut his talk abruptly by staring back at him before adding “Never mind just grateful that the fight didn’t end too badly Mister Montreal but be careful anyway that kid could have friends hanging around to join the fight.”
He nodded his head as the cop paused from talking before adding “Just watch yourself around here. You never know when someone will get restless enough to hurt people especially targeting you as well.”
He again nodded his head as the cop shrugged and turned around walking away which he went to the bench to sit only to feel a tap on his shoulder which he looked to see the hand belonged to one of his guards. 
The guard spoke “I suggest you get inside now for your safety. The natives have gotten too restless and are itching to do something harmful.” 
He groaned and got up from the bench walking to the entrance followed by the guard which he went inside and sensed the guard had stop following him along with the filming stopped. He went to the elevator taking it to the penthouse which once inside he went to the gym room feeling tensed up. He inside the room fell into a perfect split and began doing his stretching exercises finding him relaxing from the movements but still tensed up. Once done he swung himself up with a karate swung up move then began doing a Kata in the black belt form finding himself losing tension till he ended with a bow towards the mirrored wall to stand and sigh loudly. He heard ahem sound coming from the door which he peered to see Willingham standing in the doorway which he turned around to face the butler. 
Jinks frowned as Willingham spoke “Time for your required meal along with that Cart your advisor is here waiting in the dining room.” 
He nodded his head and walked out of the gym room passed Willingham going to the dining room to spot Cart sitting at the table furiously typing onto a keyboard with an attached flat screen while next to him was a cup with pink liquid in it in his familiar spot on the table. Jinks sighed and went to the table to pick up his drink which he gulped down then placed it back on the table before sitting down to stare at Cart who continued his rapid fire typing with short pauses in between. 
Jinks cleared his throat loudly before speaking “Cart, you wanted to see me about something?”              
Jinks stared at Cart who halted his typing to look up from the screen to stare at him with a confused look before shaking his head then speaking “Oh sorry I was busy typing my required report paper. A bothersome but have to do it anyway.” 
He exhaled a breath figuring out that Cart was typing for Scotland for their historical documents documenting his life as he spoke “I said you wanted to see me about something?”
Jinks stared at Cart who spoke “Ah just want to inform you that it’s well known among the city’s natives that there’s a gang of young men calling themselves the Diamonds that have been causing trouble around here such as breaking the law and picking on people by fighting them with some fight style dubbed Combative Art by my people. It has been documented that the people the Diamonds fight are very well off in money and causing them injuries along with stealing items from them to be sold in pawn shops for money to buy the latest gadget in technology for their amusement.”
Jinks frowned as Cart paused to nod his head before continuing “There’s a rumor going around spread by members of the Master Organization in public places that you’re well trained in Combative Art along with some military training. Along with being very dedicated to practicing Combative Art over the years from first learning it as a child to current age which their saying its why your body form appears the way it is.” 
Jinks nodded his head as Cart kept talking “I suspect that the Diamonds group heard of the rumor and have rigged the fight to see whether it was true or not. 
The sources were saying ‘The Diamonds have been talking about checking Mister Montreal out as in picking a fight with and to see whether the rumor is true or not.’ 
I doubt that the Diamonds will pick a fight with you again judging by how you handled yourself.
Fighting one of their members sources say ‘Their best fighter and well known to fight than talk.’” 
He groaned loudly as Cart paused before continuing “Also the boss who the cop was referring to was Hettinger himself. His Mayor position gives him controls of the police force something he’s been abusing to get people to do things his way.  Reportedly taking bribes from well off people to get the cops to look the other way when they break a law. Hettinger according to reports is more interested in gaining money for a lifestyle of someone who’s very well off in money. He seems to be not interested in the problems going around in the city but more interested in his personal gains.”
He nodded his head as Cart paused which he spoke “Um what’s that thing you’re typing in anyway? I’m curious.”
He frowned as Cart spoke “It’s called a laptop computer quite portable for carrying around and has been around for awhile since the mainland came to Shadan. It’s a good invention according to me for doing some typing work anywhere except under water. That thing won’t work in water anyway.”
He nodded his head as Cart added “Anything else you like to know? I have to finish my report.” 
He shook his head in a no gesture then got up as he again heard typing sounds rapid fire pace. Jinks left the dining room wandering out and figured he’ll go to the library room found him walking to the TV room to sit down turning on the TV with a remote. He frowned watching the TV blare an ad for voting for George Kensington for the King position while the broadcast was followed by an ad for the man’s opponent trashing Kensington. He sighed and continued to watch TV seeing it turn into a broadcast of a news affiliate from Albany the New York State’s capital. 
He watched as they talked about the men running for the King position referring to the ads blaring on TV saying “Kensington has balked trashing his opponent in ads which polls of people have said that they’ll vote for him by large numbers.” 
He continued to watch which he stiffened as they referred him showing video of him wearing just his underwear and heard the reporters say “Montreal was disputed to be obsessed with a perfect body. His opponent Hettinger said he died from which has proven to be a lie.” 
He frowned as the scene changed to the reporters saying “A rumor going around the city was Montreal was well trained in martial arts with some military training to prove that his body was the way it was. Montreal was known to be very dedicated in practicing karate. This is a rumor which some people weren’t taking seriously.” 
The reporters he listened to continued to talk “The rumor has proved to be true by a city gang member picking a fight with Montreal in karate. Montreal fighting off the member with equal karate fight to prove it and that they have footage of the scene.” 
He frowned as he saw the scene changed to show himself standing tripping a male who went down watched he hand a woman her purse and witnessed the Asian knock him from behind onto the ground using a karate move. He continued to watch seeing himself knock off the male off of him followed by getting up with a karate swing up move as the Asian did the same then fighting with the man both doing karate with a crowd gathering around in a circle followed by the fighter running away leaving him standing there staring at him. He frowned seeing the camera view looked like the camera person was one of the bystanders in the audience watching him fight the Asian male. 
Jinks frowned as the scene changed to the reporters saying “We have people in New York City asking the natives this question ‘Who will you vote for the Mayor position?’ 
A large number overwhelmingly said ‘I would vote for Jinks Montreal.’ 
The people when pressed for the question of why they have wound up giving off various complaints that the current Mayor hasn’t done anything to better their lives while living in the city.        

Brandis adds here “I noticed that the memories of Jinks Montreal were coming in scattered patterns and not fully like one story to me. Ugh must be Zerra again. I can hear her snickering in my mind as usual. Really rude of Zerra to do that mind manipulation! Nothing I can do except just keep on writing down the story.”

Jinks’ kingship is two months in the Human calendar month of February involving some lovely dove status after elected King in his Kingship service. Jinks sat in the office of the White House in Washington D.C. sitting in a chair with a desk in front of him. He sat facing a blonde haired Highlander wearing a suit named Yoshi Shioka. 
Jinks heard spoke “I confront Yoshi of being a spy for the High Council.” 
Yoshi counters “Your accusation is from you upset with the kidnapping of your wife Victoria by Highlanders who hasn’t been found.” 
Jinks tosses Yoshi some eye wear goggles and tells him “Just put them on and to look around the room for hidden people wearing them.” 
Yoshi I sees puts them over his eyes and looks around then stops at a spot off his left gasping out some comment “Their not being loyal to First Ones but to ourselves!” 
Guards besides Jinks he hears arm their long guns with noises which he eyes Yoshi that removes the goggles to stare at the guards with confusion in his face. 
Jinks hand Yoshi a magazine with cover having a picture of the High Council and words “War on High Council” on it which he tells Yoshi “Check the date.” 
Yoshi he sees frowns takes the magazine and then appears shocked says “Impossible, your kind couldn’t have known, we made sure of that.” 
Jinks hold up a newspaper called Great Written News with headline “Civil war” blared on its cover. 
He asks Yoshi “Who came out with the newspaper and what the headline is implying?” 
He sees Yoshi become bugged eyed while looking at the newspaper and hears the Highlander speak “No, no impossible they wouldn’t do that.” 
Jinks speak “The Highlanders are now in a civil war subject Humans as a reason for the fight. Those fighting Highlanders got Humans and other races involved in their battle.” 
He sees Yoshi still looked shocked but has a frown on his lips as he puts down the newspaper to add “The fighting Highlanders blabbed things about the High Council in their war against each other.” 
Yoshi at his signal gets hauled away in handcuffs and out of the room. An aide comes into the room looking upset and hands Jinks a clipboard with papers attached. 
Jinks reads the papers to see “Your wife has been found with amnesia with her memories alter restored mysteriously and was brought to her father in California by his influence who demanded her to divorce you period.” 
 Jinks continue to read “Her father gave Victoria an ultimatum of disowning her from the family and cutting her out of his will” as the papers included a divorce document.
Jinks sees Victoria’s signature on it and feels he go unfeeling numb seeing it and puts the clipboard on the desk feeling himself numb from the news. 
His aide speaks “The information detailed there came from a loyal Highlander reading Victoria’s mind after she had a private talk with her father who is very clear in mind on his demands towards her.” 
Jinks grab a pen signs the document then hands the clipboard to his aide. He feels himself upset darts out of the office running to his bedroom slamming the door. He allows rage to overcome him roars out an inhuman cry then loses it to his angry rage. He comes to find himself still in the room kneeling with his arms behind him restrained by clawed hands in an ironclad strong grip. 
He hears “Meow!” and then is told “The High Council has made an enemy out of you who now has nothing to lose. The High Council can’t hurt you through your wife because of the divorce. She was being away from you to be safe from Highlanders’ hands.” 
Jinks allow he to calm down to realize thoughts overheard “The Ghost Walker restraining me is right on his words.” unsure I know what a Ghost Walker despite thinking of Anubis wearing a hidden tech device known as a Ghost Walker. 
 ‘
“Further memories as remembered.” says Brandis.

Jinks get a telegram before government meeting detailing “Kensington, Victoria’s father is in the hospital!”
He goes to the meeting and a Human male there spoke “I confront this miserable excuse of a King about Lance Richard and his followers.” by showing a scroll drawing of Lance in front of the other government officials in the room. 
Jinks abruptly leaves going to the airport to someplace where a car there takes him to the hospital. Jinks wears a baseball cap with hair underneath it and sunglasses to disguise his visit while dressed in rugby top and jeans with sneakers on his feet which a Highlander a female nurse seemingly aware of who he is leads him to Kensington’s room. He sees Victoria there who seems aware of whom he is despite the disguise on. He feels that he still loves Victoria and senses that she still loves him by her eyes looking at him and at her father lying in bed appearing to be asleep.  He and Victoria don’t talk much which he feels compelled to hug her puts a hand on her shoulder and pulls her towards him whom she darts into his arms. He hugs Victoria and then kisses her on the lips while encouraged by her hands going on the back of his neck locking him in position. Jinks hear an alarm sound coming from Kensington’s machines. Jinks and Victoria break off the kiss to step aside from the bed to the wall as medical personal dart into the room with a cart. He restrains Victoria as the medical personal work on Kensington he senses has passed away hence the alarm sounding from the machines. He continues to restrain Victoria who bursts into tears with him holding her.
The medical personal give up on their work and mention “Kensington has passed away. It’s too late to work on him anymore.” 
Jinks hug Victoria who clings to him in a hug with her head on his shoulder still crying away. He waits till she calmer pulls her out of the room and out of the hospital to a limo that drives them to a hotel where he gets her to a room and onto bed to sleep under his mental order. He takes off the hat and sunglasses putting them aside and stares at Victoria from sitting in an armchair till he feels like he needs to hold her gets onto the bed and wraps his arms around her. He is waked by sensing the lamp on and wakes up to see Victoria sitting up in bed crying tears and puts a hand on her shoulder to feel the Master blown in him as she continues to cry. He blacks out to find part of his clothes unmade and himself inside Victoria who looks out of it while having tears on her face. 
He speaks “I give an apology.” pulls out to straighten her clothes and his clothes then lies on his side putting arms around her and shuts his eyes passing out asleep. 
He dreams of himself underneath a tree near a beach seeing Lance appearing to be talking to Victoria dressed in a black dress that looks sad too many meters away in front of him. He doesn’t hear the words and frowns wondering what Lance is talking about to Victoria. He blinks his eyes to find himself standing next to Victoria which Lance he hears orders “Your to go to Jinks.” while gesturing with his head towards him. 
He sees Victoria turn around to face him looking upset but goes to him to hug him as he hugs her. His eyes get forced shut by Lance and have a dream of himself floating overhead to see his body change into Lance that acts sexually towards Victoria looking like she’s not aware of it or paying attention while lying in bed by pulling her clothes below her waist and his clothes. Lance then appears to be mating with her then whispers something in her ear then the scene goes black. 
Jinks find he at the beach facing Lance and angrily spoke “You on mating with Victoria isn’t proper! She isn’t for sharing with you but for myself period!” 
He glares at Lance who appears to be out of it acting like he’s distracted by his voice saying “You don’t need to worry about that any more.” 
He sees that Lance is appearing to be out of it by his eyes looking spaced out and not looking at him. Jinks feel annoyed till the Meritanians he sees appear in flashes of bright light then looks at Lance who appears angry and no longer out of it. He sees Lance turn his head towards the Meritanians to glare at them with black eyes. He sees that the Meritanians are looking sheepish by their facial expressions. 
Jinks speak “What’s going on?” 
Meritanians don’t answer but Lance speaks while looking at him in an angry voice tone snarling “The Meritanians manipulated me to mate with Victoria as a sick attempt to distract me from finding out what they actually did. Their trick was helping the Highlanders find out about Lance Richard the religious leader and icon including the Master organization. A Highlander blabbed to the government official that had no liking towards you to confront you about the religion in front of the other officials at a meeting in a negative term.” 
Jinks feel annoyed groans out loud “Ugh more followers to worship me as you.” 
He sees Lance raise his hands palms up while facing the Meritanians who appear to be clinging to each other with fear expression on their faces. 
Jinks get an idea grab’s Lance’s hand to speak “I’ve got an idea. I’m asking on how believable people will believe me if I mention the High Council and their machinations including having a war with them. The Highlanders are the High Council’s owns race and are having a civil war battle fighting among each other while involving the other races in their war.” 
He sees Lance shake his hand then fold his arms then his father speaks “I’ll hold off punishing the Meritanians if they start manipulating Humans and who else to pick on the High Council and their base. This pickiness is just to get the High Council’s rule to end including stopping their lies about Humans including their campaign to get Humans to leave Shadan.” 
Shadan is a world I’m not sure of despite Jinks is sensed to frowns as Lance pauses then says “King Winter was wise to bring a piece of Terra I’m referring to Earth to Shadan to help the races fight off the High Council who has a base there. The fact that the Humans out number the Highlanders and the rest of the races on Shadan by a large margin and are deadlier when it comes to fighting wars by them having over thousands of years of civil wars on Terra.” 
Jinks is sensed confused which I wound up feeling that Lance didn’t pay attention to Jinks’ idea remark as Lance speaks “People who worship Jinks as a God will do anything Jinks says including following him to death in a war from experiencing that myself when I had a body living on Shadan.” 
I feel a little creep out by Lance’s words who adds “My followers involve not just Humans but the other races too. The Master organization is big enough to run the U.S.A. government themselves with Jinks as the leader of the group.” 
I sensed myself feel uncomfortable as I realizes Lance’s purpose in having Jinks in the King position. 
Lance add “The High Council has made enemies out of several races with their lies about Humans who are viewed in a different light among those races than what the High Council has been saying.” 
I frowned remembering Jinks’ time at the space station recalled Jinks spoke “I ask about the races’ behavior towards me while on the station.” 
Lance speaks “The races never seen a Human going around without shoes and a top on that bothered them to act nervous seeing a human looking like he’s of peace instead of war which they mostly see from Humans on their worlds.
The races Lance continues have never seen a Human who is peacefully giving off an “I’ll kick your seat if you hurt me” vibe from the looks of him-” 
Jinks frown as Lance is interrupted by Ramses saying “Shouldn’t you be getting up from bed?” comment question.
Jinks find his eyes covered and waked up in the hotel room with Victoria’s head on his chest and she’s crying tears hard. Jinks wrap his arms around Victoria who stops crying to raise her head and kisses him on the lips which he doesn’t resists feels urges to mate with her breaks off the kiss to stare at her which he sees she is feeling the same way. He and Victoria break apart from each other which he gets up to strip his clothes from his form as he sees Victoria doing the same. Once naked he gets on the bed with Victoria on top of him his hands on her hips and her hands on his chest as he enters her and feels charges of pleasure hitting him each time he enters her while seeing she likes the mating by her face staring at him. He spills inside Victoria while gasping out a sound of pleasure and hearing her moan some pleasant sound before collapsing on top of him. He finds his mating urge is still hitting him rolls himself and Victoria over onto her back and again mates with her, her hands going to his hair yanking on the strands as she wraps her legs around him. He puts his hands on her chest underneath her breasts as he thrusts inside her while feeling intense charges of pleasure hitting him each time he enters her and senses she feels the same. With a jerk he gasps out a moan as he spills himself inside Victoria and hears her giving off a moaning like gasp. Jinks lowered on top of Victoria putting his hands underneath her back while shutting his eyes. He sigh feeling her hands running through his hair that felt pleasant to him. He opened his eyes to stare at Victoria who’s eyes were closed with a pleasant expression on her face which he lowered his head and kissed her on the lips. He broke off the kiss to again sigh as her legs wrapped around him tightened their hold. 
He spoke breaking the silence as he stared at her face “I missed you, love.”
Jinks saw Victoria open her eyes to meet his eyes with a happy look in them. He smiled at her as she smiled in return hands on his head pulling him down towards her. He settled his head next to Victoria’s his cheek touching her cheek with her hands on the back of his neck holding him there. Jinks pull out of Victoria lies on his side to hear her give off a sharp groan noise that sounds familiar and reminds him of the time when Janel was pregnant with his son just prior to birth. He hears Victoria’s breathing become sharp and then heavy like Janel feels confused to eye her abdomen seeing its still flat and then gets up to get dressed in his clothes and shoes on his feet. He eyes Victoria that seems unconscious with bewilderment in him. 
Meritanians via instincts scream at him mentally “You’re to call for emergency!”
Jinks called the lobby on the phone and spoke “I ask for a doctor to my room.” 
He puts a blanket on Victoria then goes to an armchair to sit waiting till there’s a knock sounding on his door which he goes to and opens to see paramedics with bags and stretchers is there.
The equipment makes Jinks think “I feel like something odd is going on.” 
He lets in the three paramedics and then goes to the armchair to sit watching them scan Victoria with their hand held devices and hears them mention “She’s pregnant. The baby will be born in twenty four hours from now.” which that talk has Jinks confused. 
He frowns as one of the paramedic spins around pointing a gun at him firing it which he feels a prick of pain in his chest feels a dart sticking in it with his hand and feels sleepiness that overtakes him putting him unconscious. 

Jinks wakes up by impulse to see a man looking thirties wearing a suit leaning over him whom he discovers he’s lying in some hospital bed and hears a compelling voice speaking “I’m urging you to push!”
He is spoken by the male “I ordered up.” by the man.
Jinks see a three people around a bed surrounding a female form which he sees one has hands between her legs. He is gestured to view by the man he sees the woman is a blonde sitting up in a leaning back position while wearing an oxygen mask looking like she’s asleep.
A nurse he assumes a woman is speaking “I’m urging you to push the baby out.”
Jinks looks at the area to see the baby coming out and witnessed it born. 
He sees it’s a boy frowns thinking “I’m wondering why the man had me view the baby’s birth from a woman. This makes me feels confused.” 
As the man puts a hand on his forehead and he shuts his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks comes to find himself lying on a bed that takes him a moment to recognize as his bedroom at the white house and feels sleepiness shuts his eyes to dream of himself at the beach facing Lance who doesn’t look happy to him. 
He frowns as Lance explains “Victoria originally died at age nineteen of some disease called cancer. Kensington took in another female to pose as his daughter who yourself married.” 
Jinks feel shocked hearing that as Lance keeps talking “The woman who you married was later killed off by Highlanders who discovered the deception after kidnapping her. The woman you mated with was someone else’s wife under disguise to get a baby from you.” 
Jinks feel he go numb of shock hearing that as Lance continues to speak “The woman’s husband woke you up to witness the baby’s birth. The male manipulated you using Source, powers to return to the White House.”  
He feels like déjà vu again as Lance continues to speak “The woman’s husband is a descendant of you. He has the power abilities but had some disease called cancer that was cured. The cancer prevented the husband from fathering any children and had you mate with his wife to get her with child.” 
Jinks feel anger rising within him as Lance continues to speak “I’ll see that I’ll make sure whatever woman gets paired with you is truly for you to have as your wife and bear children for you to rise without any trickery done on you.” 
Jinks feel rage running through him allows the emotion to take control wakes up lying in his bed in his bedroom with anger running through him. He gets up and yanks off the hat and sunglasses to toss them to the wall and storms out of the bedroom running in the hallway. Jinks goes pass doors till he reaches a door slams it open to storm inside seeing the gym room which he attacks the punching bag repeatedly with his strength. He allows angry rage to take control putting him out and comes to find himself lying on the padded floor on his back panting eyes staring at the ceiling that have camera domes in them. He senses himself being recorded by cameras as he lies on the floor panting for breath. He feels himself very tired shuts his eyes falling asleep passing out unconscious. 

Jinks come to find himself back in bed in his bedroom with no memory of how he got there with the sunlight dimly shining through the black curtains. He feels himself much better and back to full strength hears the alarm go off eyes the clock to see it says nine o’clock gets up from bed to head towards the bathroom. He comes out without any clothes on but hair damp goes to the dresser to eye the dress suit clothes and then feels like he doesn’t want to wear them eyes the closet to see black clothing in them. He pulls out underwear shorts in color black and black socks then goes to the closet and puts on a black long sleeve top, a black dress pants and a black business suit jacket. Jinks puts on his form then puts on black dress shoes. Jinks then leaves the bedroom walking in the hallway pass guards standing at doors to the kitchen where he sits at the table and stares at the table with his eyes as food is placed in front of him. He eats the food with gusto finding he ravenously hungry then once done leaves the kitchen to the hallway going a route to the Oval office where he sees inside is General Kennidis along with King Aides there. He sits at the desk while noticing that the others in the room seemed bugged eyed to see him wearing his clothes instead of his usual tan business suit with a tie and white shirt. 
He spoke “I orders for Yoshi to be brought to my office immediately!” while folding his arms forming a glare on his face while eyeing the people in the room as one of the guards’ leaves the room leaving the doors open. 
He sits patiently waiting as Yoshi is brought into the room and spoke “I orders the doors shut.” 
He speaks to Yoshi “I’m asking for the High Council’s home base location on Shadan.” while fiddling with the remote to his TV monitor on a stand next to the desk. 
He waits as Yoshi speaks “Lance Richard can go to the depths!” 
Jinks turns on the TV monitor with the remote and flicks through scenes of camera views then stops at an ocean view overhead that shows three flower plants rising from the ocean spreading their petals. 
He speaks to Yoshi “The flower plants are sentient mind walkers, two sisters named Erra and Terra and the third is their brother Ramses.” while noticing Yoshi look a little shocked. 
He adds “The three plants are called Merritanians and underwater surrounding them is the High Council’s home base-” while noticing Yoshi look a little shocked who interrupt to speak “Osiris!” with shock in his voice tone.  
He nods his head towards Yoshi as if acknowledging the Highlander’s remark sees that Yoshi stare at him with eyes getting more wider who blurts “It was impossible for Osiris to survive being on the High Council’s home base who made sure that he was dead period.” 
Jinks speak responding to Yoshi’s remark “It’ll take a lot more than what the High Council did to myself to kill me for I has powerful allies keeping me alive and out of the High Council’s hands.” 
He folds his arms as Yoshi blurts out “The Meritanians’ loyalty is to the High Council and not to their enemies.” 
Jinks speak the question “Are you sure of that the High Council’s allies are completely loyal to them?” 
He eyes Yoshi who shakes his head while staring at him then sees a big frown appear on the Highlander’s face while feeling his mind being scanned then the scanning stops as he continues to stare at Yoshi. 
The Highlander speaks with grumbling in his voice “The only one I knows that is well known among my people that has divided loyalty to the High Council and their enemies is their servant Anubis. I fails to see how that gonoid head I insults could help keep Osiris alive to get out of the High Council’s hands.” 
Jinks spoke “I change the subject to ask Yoshi the whereabouts to my wife Victoria-“
Yoshi who interrupts to speak “She was killed off and that there’s nothing Lance Richard can do to retaliate for my allies will make sure of that.” while giving off laughing with some smile on his face. 
Jinks smile some smirking smile aimed at Yoshi who cuts his laughing to stare at him with a frown on his face. 
Jinks speak “You sure about that Yoshi?” 
He keeps the smirk on his face as Yoshi stares at him with a frown followed by confusion forming on the Highlander’s face and eyes showing it. 
He speaks “I found out that Kensington’s daughter originally died at age nineteen of some cancer disease. Kensington took in a female to pose as his daughter who I married. Highlanders like you said killed her off for they discovered the deception.” as the door to the room opens. 
He looks to see a female appearing to look like Victoria by the face and short hair walk into the room with arms folded. 
Jinks via thoughts spoke mentally “I feel something is up with that female’s presence.” as the doors close behind her. 
He hears Yoshi’s mental voice speaking in his mind saying “The female isn’t your wife!” 
Jinks stares at Yoshi and nods his head. He gets up from the desk and walks around it to meet the female.
Jinks while hearing Yoshi continue in his mind “The female is wearing some skin mask that has a hook on the back of her neck near the hairline that is easily pulled off once unhooked.” 
He meets the female who glares at Yoshi and pretends to be in love towards her by putting hands on the back of her neck while she aims her face towards him for a kiss. He unhooks the mask and yanks it off her face showing a tan biracial woman who looks shocked. 
Jinks tosses aside the mask and folds his arms to speak loudly “I won’t tolerate being deceived like I was in a hospital elsewhere by a woman who was married to a man who couldn’t father children by her posing as Victoria who wanted a baby from me. She led me to believe that she was Victoria when I mated with her. She had my child whose birth I witnessed.” 
He continues to speak “The mating with a married woman posing as my mate friend who only wanted a baby from me isn’t the first time this happened to me. I’m not happy being duped by this and wants an explanation to why this woman is posing as Victoria.” 
He glares at her and hears Yoshi speak “Ask General Kennidis.” 
He eyes Yoshi that gesture with his head towards the general which he looks at that look like the General is trying to hide a sheepish expression on his face by frowning despite having it in his eyes.  
He again hears Yoshi speak “The General should explain the deception. I while explaining that Highlanders are mind walkers who can read people’s minds and know what their thinking. The General is responsible for the deception.” 
He eyes the General who speaks “The female was for the King’s image-“ 
Yoshi interrupts to speak with sarcasm “What image? All those First Ones care about the King is leading them to war.” 
He frowned to stare at Yoshi who continued to speak with firmness in his voice tone “The First Ones I’m referring to your kind instead of that ridiculous name of Human has been itching for a war. You First Ones don’t care who their enemy is as long as they fight. Not to mention that’s why those First Ones voted Lance Richard here to the King position because they wanted a commander who is willing to lead them in a war battle.” He frowned as Yoshi pauses to glare at the General who has a sheepish expression on his face he sees while forming a glare on his face. 
He eyed the General who speaks “Oh alright I’ll admit it. Tansy here posing as Victoria was to give you a reason to keep on going just to keep you alive to stay as our King.” 
Jinks heard Yoshi speak “As you say yah right. He doesn’t need some too bit female to keep him alive not after what the High Council did to him when he was in their hands, harrumph.” 
He turned his head towards Yoshi who is glaring away from him appearing to be aimed at the General who he hears speaking “What’s that Highlander talking about?” 
Jinks speak “Tansy, leave the room this is not for your ears.” 
He turns his eyes towards the female to glare at her who he sees picks up the skin mask and darts out of the room with him watching her with doors slamming behind her.  
Jinks continue speaking “I wound up in High Council’s hands awhile back who called me Osiris. Osiris is who I found out was said to be a twin brother of a High Council member whose form got changed into a Human. The group tortured me with their mind walking powers and doing other forms of torture to me. The tortures were mostly medical tests to find out how Osiris changed to Human or First One. They did other torturous things of pain to me in an attempt to break me down enough to kill me which they didn’t succeed for I’m still alive and talking this to people.”   
Jinks hears a meow sound and hears Yoshi give off a cry of terror while yelling “Furball!” and hiding behind the general who is looking down at the floor. 
He sees what the General is looking at a white cat with a yellow eye and a blue eye that is looking a bit on the furry side sitting on the floor that proceeds to walk up to his feet and rub its head on his foot. 
He frowns as the general speaks “That’s Snowball, your predecessor’s cat. She moves around here like a ghost oddly getting into places very mysteriously.” 
He frowns as Snowball keeps rubbing her head on his foot.  
He frowns as another Aide there speaks “he U.S.S. Arizona an attack submarine has gone missing exploring the Australia Atoll in the ocean with communications lost.” 
He notices Yoshi have some shocked expression on his face with some smirking look in his eyes that makes him think “That look that the Highlander knows something about the submarine being missing.” 
He spoke “I asks if there was another submarine that went to investigate.” and is told “The U.S.S. Hawaii went there to investigate but was hampered by the ocean littered with mine bombs surrounding the Australia Atoll and couldn’t do much exploring.” 
Jinks figure that Yoshi knows something comments “Yoshi knows something.” but the Highlander speaks with an edge in his voice “I knows that that the area is mined with all kinds of deadly traps which could have taken down the submarine.” 
Jinks don’t press further spoke “I orders Yoshi to be taken away.” who goes without a complaint. 
Jinks speak after Yoshi has left the room and the doors are shut “The Australia Atoll must be where the High Council’s base is judging by the Highlander’s reaction and voice tone suggesting that.” 
He gets from the general “We’ll have to ask the Shadonia for a map of their underwater kingdom and bases just to be sure it’s the High Council’s base.” 
Jinks nod his head and hear a meow from Snowball who he feels is rubbing her flank against his leg. 
He looks at the cat and hears “Harrumph!” from the General who comments “The cat is never that friendly with people and was only friendly with George Kensington and the kitchen cook who fed her food.” 
Jinks don’t comment as the cat continues her friendly behavior which I don’t remember what happens next involving that. I do remember that Jinks sleeps in bed with Snowball sitting on his chest purring. He dreams of himself at the beach with Lance who is appearing to be angry at the Meritanians. 
He asks the question “What’s going on?” to Lance who speaks “The Meritanians have sunk themselves under water. They have refused my attempts to appear above the surface with whatever threats I’ve been aiming at them because the Humans are trying to find them and the High Council’s base.” 
Jinks speaks “I’m asking Ramses if Highlanders are deathly afraid of cats.” 
He looks at Ramses who bows his head and gives of “Meow” sound sounding like a cat very clearly. 
He frowns as Ramses raises his head and speaks sounding like he talking to his sisters “The Highlanders are deathly afraid of cats which I finds odd.” 
Jinks’ eyes get forced shut by Lance and he comes to find himself underneath a tree too many feet away from Lance.
Jinks feels a hand grab his neck and hears a loud demanding male voice in his mind sounding familiar “I’m telling you that whatever powers Lance has you has them too.” 
He looks at his left to see the hand’s owner is King Winter with a face that makes him think “His face is familiar like I know him somewhere.”
King Winter continues to speak “Lance has the power to cause the earth to shake which you who has it too.” 
Jinks thought to himself “I feels a little bewildered.” as King Winter adds “I explains that there are two Lance Richards. One Lance Richard is in elemental form and the other in a humanoid body form is you who both have identical powers and abilities. It doesn’t matter where the abilities are performed are for the powers will work anywhere.” 
Jinks feels King Winter’s hand off his neck remembers Lance giving off his earth shaking power mimics the hand positions and wills the Master through and finds himself making the earth move from the vibrations its giving off around him. He cuts his earth shaking short as King Winter forces his eyes shut which he passes out unconscious.

Jinks come to find he in the bathroom lying on the floor. He feels confused on how he got there gets up as the door to the bathroom slams open showing a Highlander wearing night vision goggles that point a gun at him. Jinks will the Master through as the Highlander abruptly aims the gun at his own head and fires it shooting himself and hits the floor in a still position. He wills the Master away and sees the body being lifted up and dragged out of the bathroom which he follows to the bedroom door to see the body tossed out with the door slamming after that. He figures that the Ghost Walker threw the body out of the bedroom which he goes back to bed and goes to sleep waking up by alarm time of nine o’clock to shower and get dressed in his black clothes. He goes to eat in the kitchen then to the Oval office where a Highlander with parts of his ears missing while wearing the clothes of the Highlander that visited him the night is sitting in a wheelchair chained to it is there.
The Highlander says “The Australia Atoll is where the High Council’s base is. The submarine Arizona discovered the base and a Highlander assassin like me boarded the ship with the help of the Meritanians with their transporting power. The assassin rigged the ship to sink below toleration depths destroying it and killing the crew with the Meritanians helping him get out of the ship alive.” 
He gets a little annoyed as the Highlander continues “The three plants the Meritanians have divided loyalties to the High Council and their enemies. Sometimes supporting the High Council and sometimes supporting their enemies. This back and forth has been happening for awhile.” 
At the moment there’s an interruption of an Aide coming into the room saying “There’s a government meeting happening in an hour. The officials request the King to be there.”
I heard the aide sound of a laughing tone to me like he found something funny noticed by Jinks who frown hearing that thinks “The Aide has an edge in his voice that tells me the aide is hiding something.”
Jinks stupidity doesn’t comment about that voice’s tone. He takes the limo to the government meeting building and arrives to the meeting room to stand at a pulpit.
Jinks is told by the miserable excuse Human in a snickering like tone “The officials are considering impeaching him from his King position because of cheating done to vote him in the office.” 
He sees the human held up the scroll with Lance Richard on it and says “Jinks Montreal is a leader of a cult and used his followers to vote him into the position hence the election. I find via evidence of the scroll is cheating.” 
Jinks get a little angry as the human continues “Jinks Montreal’s opponent Guard Kensington actually would have won the election if Jinks didn’t have his cult to support him and vote him in the position which is considered cheating.” 
Jinks get a mental talk from a Highlander speaking “I’m telling you to leave the meeting and walk away.” 
Jinks obeyed despite sensed angry and leaves to the white house going to the gym room to blow his temper on the punching bag. He allows rage to overcome him finds himself in bed in his bedroom lying on it with Snowball sitting on his chest calming him down. He eyes the clock seeing its early evening goes to the oval office after removing the cat off of him. 
He finds only the General there that spoke “I’m informing you that the officials have voted unanimously to remove you from the King position. This takes place immediately. You have to leave or the cops will come and arrest you and put you in jail.” 
Jinks feel he getting a little angry as the general continues “Guard Kensington has been voted by the officials to take your place as King.” 
Jinks leave the oval office to outside to the car where there is a crowd of press people holding microphones and cameras flashing and aimed at him. He pauses at the car to wave his fist with an angry look on his face towards the press people then gets into the car to hear a meow and looks to see sitting in a seat is a cat carrier which he spots Snowball inside it. Jinks lean his head back to stare out the window seeing that the route to the airport has people on the sides some waving fists at his car. Jinks notices most of the people appear angry which he figures that their angry at him judging by them looking at the car as it drives by. He gets on a plane carrying Snowball in the cat carrier and once inside leans his head back while putting the cat carrier on the seat next to him to stare out the window seeing the sights with night vision. He continues to stare out the window as the plane takes off flying in the air going over land then abruptly goes over the ocean. The ocean flying bothers him as there’s a shaking feeling felt followed by the lights in the cabin turning itself off making night vision become dormant. There’s a falling feeling felt as if the plane is falling then suddenly stops while hearing loud clanging noises. He peers out the window to see nothing but senses that the plane is dead and something has kept the plane from plunging into the ocean. The something is a thing that is carrying it judging by the view outside his window as the plane again reaches land and flies over land reaching a city he recognizes as New York City. Then sees the major airport come into view with emergency lights of vehicles flashing on the runway as the plane is lowered onto the runway. Jinks again hears the clanging noises and peers out the window to see the familiar space ship from being at Senator Nathan Baxter’s house before he took political offices that fired at the High Council’s ship come into view flying away. He frowns as the door to the plane is wretched open which he looks to see cops coming into the plane heading towards the cockpit with guns drawn. He is gestured out by another cop coming into the plane with his hand gun pointed at the cockpit. Jinks grabbed the cat carrier and darts out of the plane onto the tarmac where other cops grab him and take him to a sedan. Jinks are ordered inside and it drives away from the scene going into the city. He frowns thinking “I’m wondering what was going on?” finds that the driver is a Highlander spoke “Drive what’s going on about the cops at the plane?” 
Driver tells him “The pilot radioed a mayday saying ‘My copilot held me at gunpoint.’ 
Before the radio message was cut off which the plane was tracked heading towards the ocean by homing beacons and then tracked going over land. Some unidentified flying ship was seen having clamps over the plane brought it to safety in New York City’s airport before flying off. The flying ship has been dubbed Angel of Mercy for its not the first time the ship saved a plane from crashing and has done that before to other planes saving their lives. Also guided sea ships lost in the sea to harbor ports has helped submarines that become trapped underwater to be freed helped the submarines despite how much damage they have reach harbor ports for repairs from being trapped underwater.” 
Jinks frown hearing that thinks to himself “I’m wondering who the ship’s occupants are?” 
The car takes him to the Penthouse building and goes inside the building by a garage doorway with the doors slamming closed after the car is inside in some low ceiling parking lot with some cars scattered around. He takes the cat carrier out of the car and meets Willingham that has the familiar expression on his face but eyes narrowed focused on the cat carrier. 
Jinks say “The cat became friendly with me at my short time at the White House. Her name is Snowball. She has chosen to live with me hence I having her as mine.” 
He sees Willingham nod his head before leading the way to the stairs where they go up sets of stairs then reach a doorway where a Highlander is standing with a gun on his back act nervous seeing his cat carrier with eyes aimed at it. Willingham leads him further down the hallway to the elevator which takes them to the penthouse floor. 
He frowns as Willingham clears his throat while in the elevator spoke “Master, I must mention to you, King Winter has taken residence in the building. Roberta has been busy teaching the Cold Lord how to read and write in Summeran. King Winter communicates by having a hand on a person’s throat who hears his voice in their minds.” 
He nods his head as Willingham continues to speak “King Winter feeds off blood as his nourishment like a Drainer. I have with a great deal of trouble convinced the Cold Lord not to feed on any of the penthouse staff members or anyone who takes residence there.” Jinks frown as the elevator reaches its floor and opens the door which he walks out pausing to see King Winter standing in the hallway staring at him with some look in his eyes.
The eyed look bothers him to make him think “The looks reminding me of reverence that have me feeling confused about the Cold Lord doing that.” 
He hears a yowl from Snowball in the cat carrier figures “She had enough of being in that thing.”
Jinks sets the cat carrier down on the floor and opens it which she walks out arching her form every where before stopping the arch. He squats to put a hand on her back feeling her happy from the back arching underneath his hand. He scratches the area on her back before her tail and sees her tail stick up in the air and hears a mew sounding like she’s content with his scratching her. 
Jinks hear Willingham clear his throat stands up to stare at the butler who spoke “The items belonging to the Master at the white house were already taken out and brought to the penthouse yesterday the day before the Master arrived.” 
Jinks feel annoyed hearing as I figures out what “The hidden edge in the aide’s voice meant is that the officials already voted to impeach Jinks. They told him of the impeachment while holding back the impeachment vote results from him. The Highlander there told him to leave as a way of getting him to leave the room without hearing them telling him of the vote which he had to hear from the general. More bad news from the government kicking Jinks out of position despite later getting a memory of Jinks sleeps in bed with Snowball sitting on him curled in a ball. He senses King Winter is in the room and senses that the cold lord is sitting in one of his room’s chairs before becoming still and figures that the cold lord has fallen asleep in his room. Jinks dream of the beach again eyes the Meritanians which he reveals his earth shaking power to Lance and them by causing an earthquake. He sees that the Meritanians are shocked but act fearful by clinging to each other. His hands get clung together by a hand gripping them in an ironclad grip which stops the earthquake. He feels angry at the Meritanians to roar angry sounds at them and feels Lance’s hand force his eyes shut and wakes up in a bad mood by alarm. Jinks gets up and takes a shower and then forgets about King Winter in the room walks out of the bathroom naked to the closet to put on his black clothing and settles for a long sleeve top and pants that are plain and has no decorations and buttons. He walks into the bathroom to brush his hair and spots King Winter in the doorway which he rudely spoke “I ask why the cold lord is in my room.” forgetting that the cold lord entered his room when he was asleep. 
He hears a meow sound from Snowball at his left and sees King Winter point a finger gesturing to the cat and then taps the door. He gets what King Winter is implying that he let the cat into his room and followed the cat inside. 
He rudely speaks “King Winter doesn’t need to follow the cat into my room when I’m in there sleeping.” 
He walks out of the bathroom saying “Excuse me!” comment to King Winter who gets out of the way.
The excuse me comment is weird for it only involves eating and giving off this inappropriate noises Jinks finds the cold lord following him to the bedroom door which he walks out to see Willingham there. 
He goes to the dining room and eats his breakfast then is told by Willingham as King Winter is not in the room appeared to wander elsewhere “I sort of told King Winter the Master was fluent in hand language. I sad the Master was willing to teach the Cold Lord some hand signs for King Winter to make when wanting something to people who aren’t aware of his normal behavior things.” 
Jinks feels a little annoyed finds his mood still foul goes to the TV room to see King Winter is in there watching TV. Jinks spots the program is featuring a swearing in ceremony for Guard Kensington feels disgusted leaves the room to the library book room to sit at a chair and allows his bad mood to take control. He feels like he needs to do karate goes into the gym room and does his karate motions while sensing himself recorded by the cameras in the room that abruptly turn themselves on after he starts doing karate while in the room. 
He is interrupted by Willingham speaking “There’s a visitor in the lobby who is insisting on seeing the Master himself and has refused to go away for he’s a messenger.” 
Jinks feels a little annoyed goes out to the elevator followed by King Winter which he takes to the lobby and sees with annoyance General Kennidis in the lobby who tells him “The King wants you in his office at the White House. He has given you twenty four hours to comply starting at lunchtime hour of noon which is when the twenty four hours start.” 
Jinks feels his mood foul blows his temper on the General by yelling at him “I’m not doing anything for the King period! The King can go to the depths!” 
He hears the General spoke “I plead that the order is related to having a war with the High Council. The King has heard about you being tortured by the High Council has requested you to his office for a war council on that.” 
Jinks get mad punches the General and yell at him “You to go to the depths! I don’t give a damn about the war with the High Council! I isn’t obeying the King period!”
He ignores the General’s begging saying “I’m pleading!” as he walks away going into the elevator followed by King Winter.
Jinks takes to the penthouse floor and feeling his mood fouler heads to the gym to work off some of his rage onto the punching bag. He senses himself watched by cameras and King Winter standing in the doorway watching him. Jinks finds that his mood stops being foul leaves the gym followed by King Winter to head to the dining room.
Roberta there spoke “I orders writing and reading lesson for the Cold Lord.” who sits in a chair at the dining table.
Jinks sit opposite from them and absent mildly pays attention to them. He finds himself calm as Roberta ends the lesson and goes into the kitchen which he remembers Willingham telling him about teaching King Winter sign language. 
He spoke “I orders to King Winter the lesson of finger spelling the alphabet.” which he teaches to the Cold Lord till they do the entire alphabet and he feels tired. 
He goes to his bedroom to hear a meow from his bed to see Snowball is on it. He gets into his sweat pants and gets into the bed feeling the cat settle on his chest falling asleep on him. He shuts his eyes and falls asleep and dreams of the beach again with Lance looking at him with an odd look that that makes him think Lance is seeing him as something else than his son. 
He doesn’t comment about that sees the Meritanians again and tells them “You Meritanians are to tell the High Council that I have been kicked out of the King position. The new King as ordered me to his office within a time frame to discuss the subject of war on the High Council. I’m not showing up for I don’t give a damn about the war and will have nothing to do with the Humans for what they did to me kicking me out of the King position for they can go to the depths.” 
He sees Ramses and his sisters do double take looks then look at each other followed by Lance’s hand coming into view forcing his eyes shut. 

Jinks finds himself back in bed with Snowball off of him gone elsewhere and he keeps himself asleep only to wake up hearing a loud roaring noise sounding gonoid like that makes him sit bolt right up in bed. He looks around seeing nothing amiss in his room shrugs and lies down to go back to sleep shutting his eyes only to hear the alarm go off. Jinks eyes the clock seeing it says six o’clock in the am and not nine o’clock which annoys him. He shuts off the alarm and throws the blankets back over his head closing his eyes. He wakes up hearing pounding on his bedroom door sounding very insistent which he eyes the clock to see it says thirty minutes pass six o’clock.
Jinks get up from bed grumbling “I’m not getting any sleep like I wanted.” 
He goes to the bedroom door to yank it open to glare at Willingham that speaks “The Master should be getting up now for I don’t want him to be late.” 
Jinks spoke “Willingham the question of late for what?” but the butler remains tight lipped.
Jinks speak “I’m going back to bed for getting up at the early hour isn’t my thing.” 
Jinks see a horror look on Willingham’s face who speaks “The King announced in a press conference yesterday that he has declared war on the High Council. The King has said that the Master was a former prisoner of them who he has issued to meet at his office for a war council the next day. King Winter saw a rebroadcast of the announcement while watching TV at an early hour and roared some noise which he claimed he was disgusted.” Jinks find his mood foul speaks “I’m going back to bed! I don’t give a damn about the King and his war with the High Council! I’m not having a part of it for I don’t care anymore-“
Jinks wound up interrupted by Willingham speaking something undecipherable which gets him compelled to take a shower which he does and gets dressed in his clothes he wore the previous day and grabs a jacket only to feel the compelling feeling stop. 
Jinks throw the jacket onto the floor thinking to he “Willingham isn’t Human but some sort of humanoid Human like race that has the ability to control people using their voices.” 
He picks up the jacket to put it in the closet then storms to the bathroom to brush his hair finding his urge to sleep gone and then storms out of his bedroom to meet Willingham who again uses the compelling voice tone that gets him into the closet putting on a jacket and walking to the dining room where the compulsion stops. He eats his food with gusto then spots King Winter entering the room with a disgusted look in his eyes despite the glaring stare on the face. He figures that King Winter shares his attitude point of view. He finished with the food goes to the elevator and takes a route to the garage to a sedan like car which he gets into the back seat and the driver a Highlander drives him into the city. 
He feels his mood foul as the Highlander abruptly stops the car saying “There’s construction ahead. I as your driver need to find out when they’ll be finished if there’s another way of getting off this street.” 
He doesn’t acknowledge that comment sits in the car then leans against the car door only to find he lying on the car door on the ground in the street in front of another car that has stopped its motion. Jinks hears a fire roaring noise looks to see his vehicle is engulfed in fire which he is met by the driver looking upset on his face. 
Jinks get up and yell at the driver “I’m walking home! I’m not going to the meeting with the King period!” 
He stomps off towards a direction hearing the driver follow him sputtering about “I was sure I did that checking that car for explosives. I not finding any which the car exploded anyway have me annoyed.” 
Jinks ignores people getting out of his way as he stomp walks a route to the penthouse building while followed by the Highlander driver. He feels himself filmed by camera realizes that it was on him while he was in the car which the feeling doesn’t go away after he is thrown out of the car. He ignores the feeling to feel arms grabbing him followed by a prick of pain in his neck that feels like a dart putting him to sleep and hears a groaning noise sounding like his driver as the drug puts him to sleep knocking him out.

Jinks wakes up feeling something like smelling salts underneath his nose that jerks him awake to discover himself in the King’s oval office while sitting in a wheelchair chained to it. He sees the new King is at the desk sitting in the chair looking like he’s sneering judging by the expression on his face. 
Jinks feel he calm as the King speaks with a sneer in his tone “I’ve heard about Jinks’ attitude about the required order to meet me. I sent men to capture Jinks and bring him to myself.” 
Jinks fisted his hands forming a glare on his face as the King continues with the sneer “I have questions for Jinks and expects them to be answered period. I currently debating on whether to declare Jinks an ally or a prisoner of war to the public.” 
Jinks narrow his eyes to bore them at the King who continues to speak “I was told what Jinks said to the General about being in the High Council’s care. I told of Jinks was asked this questionnaire asking about the High Council and their motives for keeping him alive on their base after he was tortured by them.” 
He doesn’t say a word as the King continues “I had a reliable source telling me that the High Council after torturing Jinks gave him mercy. The mercy is something they don’t do to Humans and wants an explanation.” 
Jinks feels a loss to answer that question gets a memory of his meeting with Set and then suddenly hears Ramses’ voice speaking in his mind “Set felt remorse for what happened to you thinking of you as his brother from feeling a twin connection towards you ordered you kept alive and given mercy.” 
Jinks repeat Ramses’ words to the King who keeps the sneer on his face while thinking “I feel like the King has made up his mind on his view towards me. I feel like I’m not an ally but a prisoner of war judging by the look on the King’s face after telling him my answer to his question.” 
He gets his hunch correct as the King asks him “I ask a question about the Australia Atoll being the High Council’s base. I want to know if it’s the location of the underwater base.” which he thinks “I don’t know the answer to the question.” keeps his mouth shut. 
He frowns inwardly as the King still speaking “I have plans to announce to the public that Jinks is now a prisoner of war and was a servant of the High Council. Jinks who ran for the King position winning the election to keep the Humans from declaring war on the High Council. Jinks have invented a cult to get Humans to believe his way of serving the High Council instead of declaring war on them.” 
Jinks feel his rage rise in him as the King gives off a laugh and adds “I order Jinks out of the room.” 
He finds his rage becomes full blown putting him out comes to find himself with the Master full blown in him gagging the King on the throat with a hand. King having his back on a wall and above him dangling his arms and feet who looks shocked judging by the expression on his face and has a fear look in his eyes. He feels rage to throw a fist into the King’s stomach hard who gags out a breath of air and feels his fisted hand caught in an ironclad grip by pair of hands seemingly female.
Jinks hear a female voice sounding young with a hint of an oldness tone in them “I’m begging Jinks to release my father and let him live!” 
He gently lowers the King to the floor and then sees the King crumble to the ground figures that he used his power of paralysis on him waves it away then shuts his eyes willing himself to calm down. He feels the hands release his hand which he unclenches and then feels a female form hugging him that seems familiar but older like a full grown woman that reminds him of Victoria when she hugged him after he gagged Mayor Hettinger when she was alive. He wills himself to calm allows the female hugging him to sooth him and wills the Master away from him to relax his form. 
He hears the female hugging him add “Dad! You’re an idiot for declaring Jinks a prisoner of war when he’s an ally of us! The cult Jinks is the leader of worships a Human God and has nothing to do with Highlanders or the High Council! This information is from asking people in a crowd about the cult when showing them the scroll of Jinks’ image as someone else to them. I while at a monument to honor the dead who told me this. Some of them showed me a church belonging to them in a nearby town. They allowed me to attend one of their worship services. I discovered had nothing to do with the High Council or Highlanders.” 
He frowns as she continues to speak “Jinks being the leader of the cult was because of his face exactly like the cult named Master organization’s Human God given the name of Lance Richard. The members see Jinks as a living vessel of their God.” 
He jerks as the female pauses to kiss him on the lips which he feels charges of pleasure hitting him from her lips touching him which he places hands on her back and deepens the kiss. 
He hears “Harrumph!” sounding like the King then hears the King speaking in some tone of regret in it “I’m requesting Jinks and” the female he names as “Katherine to get a room for the kissing. It’s not appropriate to do that at the moment.”   
Jinks breaks off the kiss as Katherine does the same and he slowly opens his eyes to stare with shock at the female who he sees appears to be a legal adult twin version of Victoria around the age of twenties. Jinks automatically feel the back of her neck massaging the area to feel no hooks in place that indicate that her face is real. He releases Katherine to step back keeping his eyes on her looking her up and down seeing that she’s in pants with high heeled boots and a long sleeve top that outlines her breasts but the nipples aren’t shown which he stares at hungrily. He jerks his head to feel something underneath his nose which he blinks his eyes to settle his eyes on Katherine’s face that looks amused by her expression on her face. 
He sees the King’s face come into his eyes sight speaking “About having his attention. It isn’t an appropriate moment to stare at my daughter from hormones talking.” 
Jinks doesn’t say a word frowns as he follows the King going to the desk to sit down turning away from Katherine to stare at the King who continues speaking “Katherine has quite an obsession with Jinks himself from seeing a picture of him in the newspaper called Master’s Herald sitting on bench looking lost in thought just prior to announcing his candidacy to the city’s Mayoral title.” 
Jinks frown hearing that as the King kept talking “Katherine has shared that obsession with her cousin Victoria just prior to death. Victoria promised her that her wish whatever it is towards Jinks would come true.” 
He frown feeling hands touch his hand feeling feminine he senses belongs to Katherine which he grips in a gentle grip. 
He stares at the King who orders “Katherine to bring Jinks to a guest room. You’re to have him stay there while I figures out what to do next.” 
He doesn’t comment as Katherine takes him out of the room pulling him through the doorway to take a route to a room he recognizes as his he had as King. Once inside Katherine let goes of his hand to slam the door shut while staring at him with some look that tells him it’s sexually aroused. He stares at her while feeling he getting hard quickly strips himself of his clothes and shoes as she does the same and then naked gets onto the bed himself on top of her. He feels her legs part surrounding him as he enters her to feel a barrier blocking him which tells him that he’s her first to mate with breaks through the barrier while staring at her in the face. He feels her hands grabbing his hair tighten pulling them as he breaks through and sees a pain look on her face that goes away as he hesitates hands on her sides fingers rubbing. He stares at Katherine with a hopeful expression on his face whose pain look goes away and he feels himself still aroused mates with her and spills inside her. He relaxes to nuzzle Katherine’s neck while still inside her as her fingers massage his scalp while in his hair. He feels completely relaxed pulls out of Katherine to lie on his side staring at her as she rubs her hands on his face. He sees a pained look come on her face followed by her giving off a groan noise that reminds him of the Victoria he mated with followed by Katherine shutting her eyes with breathing sharp. He gets up from the bed putting a blanket on Katherine and then goes to his clothes putting them on and hears a knock on the door sounding insistent. 
He answers the door to see the King looking annoyed speaks “Jinks is forever linked to me and Katherine.” whom he figures out that the King knows what they did in the room. 
He steps aside as paramedics come into the room one pushing a large cart with machinery on it to examine Katherine and set her up to sit in a sitting leaning position while putting an oxygen mask on her lower half of her face and then waves scanners over her. 
Jinks frown as the King speaks “In twenty four hours Jinks has a new responsibility and better do it or I’ll go down hard on him without caring how Katherine feels about him.” 
He goes to a chair and sits as one of the paramedics’ spoke “I’m requests him to sit on the bed holding Katherine’s hand which will help her going through the pregnancy.” 
He doesn’t comment goes to the bed and sits leaning back next to her holding her right hand in his hands gripping it while staring at her. He feels himself tired shuts his eyes to fall asleep.  

Jinks wakes up by a hand touching his shoulder to see the paramedics are still there and looks at Katherine to see that he abdomen is swollen with baby in her and hears a paramedic spoke “I’m requesting Jinks to coach Katherine to push the baby out for its time. All he has to do is encourage her to push it out which her body will do it for her whether she’s still out of it.” 
He obeys coaches Katherine through the birth of his child he sees is a girl and watches as one paramedic puts the baby in the boxy cart with devices on it and fiddles with it while staring at the small monitor screen on the cart. 
He frowns as the paramedic says “The baby has some hearing loss and is mostly deaf but has some hearing that is low levels.” 
He hears a groaning noise from Katherine to see her waking up as the paramedic hands him the baby wrapped in a blanket with a cap on her head. He holds the baby and wraps an arm around Katherine cuddling her to he and holds the baby touching her chest who jerks her eyes open. He sees a shocked expression on her face seeing their daughter followed by an expression of mother love towards the baby while putting her arms around the child with his arm still around it. 
Jinks look up to stare at the King who points a finger at him and speaks “Jinks has responsibilities now and expects him to do it period or I’ll see that I’ll come down hard on Jinks for not doing them despite how Katherine feels about him.” 
He nods his head in understanding as the King leaves the room followed by the paramedics. 
He feels his chin grabbed and pulled towards a direction to stare at Katherine who kisses him on the lips and speaks “I got part of my wish but the rest involves marrying you. I insist we do once I’m recovered from giving birth to our deaf daughter Victoria I names.” 
He finds himself agreeing with Katherine on the name Victoria speaks “I had a deaf mother who raised me with insight of the deaf world of hand language. I’m fluent in and lip reading which I’m a whiz at knows how to handle Victoria’s deafness.” 
He sees Katherine stare at him with hope in her face speaks “I expect you to help me take on the responsibility of raising Victoria for the rest of our child’s life.” 
He nods his head to lean the side of his head on Katherine’s side of her head while staring at his daughter who shows his blue eyes from opening them and a cute smiley look on her face before closing her eyes and looking peaceful of sleep. 
Jinks get called to the King’s office sees the King there with the general and aides who the King speaks “Jinks now has another responsibility.” 
He doesn’t comment thinks “I wonders what responsibility is.” as the King pauses.
The doors to the room open followed by Katherine carrying Victoria with a man wearing a brown robe with a golden rope around his waist and carrying a book appearing to be a bible in his hand. 
Jinks figure out “Responsibility is marriage that the King is implying to me.” 
Jinks frown as the King spoke “I ask for Jinks’ ring for the ring was my brother’s and wants it.” 
He stiffens as he feels a ring around his left hand ring finger and remembers getting it in a marriage ceremony to Victoria, George’s fake daughter when she was alive. Jinks with hesitance takes off the ring and hands it to the King who puts it on his finger on his right hand. He goes through the marriage ceremony to Katherine without complaint and is given a ring by the King to put on Katherine’s finger which he feels a weird feeling towards it despite it being a three diamonds ring with a silver band. He puts it on Katherine’s finger then watches as the King hands her a ring to put on his finger that makes him think its familiar from the looks of it. He sees its has some language scrolled on it in silver on top of a black background and finds it familiar like he’s seen it before. Jinks after the priest declares him and Katherine married kisses her on the lips then kisses baby Victoria on the forehead after the general hands the baby to Katherine which he feels happy to smile it without baring his teeth and looks at Katherine with the same look seeing happiness in her eyes aimed at him. 

“Don’t remember what happens next only via images of that.” Writes Brandis who adds “I’m not sure if Zerra is manipulating my dreams to focus onto what she wants me to see via Jinks Montreal’s memories. It’s either her doing it or my mind.”

Jinks at night dreams of himself back at the beach facing Lance who spoke “I ask you to see your ring.” which he finds is still on his finger and shows his hand. 
He frowns as Lance chuckle speaking “The ring belonged to King George of Lion’s Bane.” 
I remember Jinks’ time going around as Lance Richard in a medieval life and recalls seeing the ring on the monarch’s finger on his right hand. 
He frowns as Lance continues to speak “King George commissioned the ring after becoming king and wore it as part of his title uniform with the words Ay Kabaiya scrolled on it in the written language used at the time which translates Death cannot touch us’ a chant used by worshippers of Lance Richard myself.”  
He frowns as Lance pauses then continues to speak “The Kensington men George and Guard are descendants of the knight that took the ring off King George’s finger after the King was killed in battle. They have passed along the ring in the family to each male descendant to wear after doing a marriage ceremony.” 
Jinks frown as Lance asks him “If you felt anything towards the ring you put on Katherine’s finger.” 
He speaks “I felt a weird unexplainable feeling and doesn’t know what it is.” 
He frowns as Lance speaks “The ring you gave to Janel when she was alive, Roosevelt had its form changed into the ring you gave Katherine.” which Jinks recalls the memory of Janel wearing his ring in its original form. 
Jinks ask “How Kensington got the ring?” which Lance answers “Jinks, your son Lance himself after death had willed the ring in some legal document to Guard Kensington with specific orders that it was for Katherine to wear for her marriage to whoever she marries.” 
Jinks gets memory of himself visiting his son Lance Knight lying in bed on his deathbed with his previous wife Victoria before marriage and recalls Lance saying some words “I’m giving the ring to your wife I names as Katherine.” and passes away. 
He speaks the memory to Lance and hears Ramses’ voice speaking “I can explain the reason for that.” 
He looks at Ramses who speaks as if talking to his sisters “I noticed one odd thing among Humans that happens thirty suns before they pass away of old age is that they would get a vision of a person’s future of a person their very worried about and that the vision each Human gets would always show the person happy.” 
He frowns as Ramses continues “The vision hits Humans when their in bed asleep. They experience the vision’s contents like their actually witnessing it with their own eyes.” and continues to speak “For example I saw a male dream of another male getting married to a female. Everything was said in the vision then a baby came into the vision to be handed to the female by another male with the male she married leaning down to kiss the baby’s forehead and looking happy while staring at the baby followed by looking at the female.” 
Jinks frown hearing that as Ramses abruptly bows his head speaking as if talking to the High Council sounding annoyed “I’m getting headaches from doing the transporting which my sisters have been getting the same ailment. The pain’s bothering us all too.” 
He frowns as Ramses speaks “The headaches are a side effect to transporting people back to back. It’s beginning to bother me and my sisters which is why we had to go underwater to get some relief.” 
He frowns as Ramses looks up and speaks his “Shouldn’t you be getting up from bed?” question which Jinks find his eyes shut and wakes up still wearing his sweat pants and nothing else on him to feel a metal floor and a foot connecting with his stomach and an irritated loud voice saying “I’m demanding you to wake up!” 
He jerks his eyes open to see Anubis standing over him with ears flat on his head. Jinks figured that he’s in the High Council’s throne room gets up to face the High Council with annoyance running through him.
Jinks heard one of the members talking in his mind in a male voice “Ramses told us that you don’t want anything to do with the First Ones and their war with the High Council, us.” 
He frowns as the member keeps talking “We want to know what’s with Osiris’ attitude that appears to have divided loyalties like the Meritanians do.” 
He speaks “The Humans I refer as First Ones kicked me out of the highest leadership position called King. It’s from accusing me of being some leader of a cult. This kicking out has me furiously angry. The new King from observation plans to use me as a figurehead for furthering his war agenda against the High Council.” 
He stops talking to clamp his mouth shut as the High Council start gesturing with their hands and head waving motions which he watches frowning inwardly and wondering what they have in mind for him. 
He sees their gestures and head waving stop and hears the male voice again saying “I’m ordering Terra to dump Osiris over the ocean.’ which he finds himself gone from the room and in water floating on the surface.
Jinks sees its foggy around and then feels a rope hit him which instincts tells him to grab which he does and feels it pull him out of the water rising in the air which he keeps on holding till he sees something metal appear in his eyes sight despite the clouds around with an opening and then is brought inside. Jinks finds a room to discover it’s the High Council’s warship from seeing three familiar masked Highlanders in the room.
They that order “Your to take off your pants.” which he’s thinking “I’m wondering what’s going on with the High Council having me dumped in the ocean and them picking me up.” 
He frowns as he obeys taking off his pants and is tossed a towel which he wipes himself dry then is handed a black jumpsuit to put on his form and shoes that seem like slippers which he puts on his feet. He frowns as one of the Highlanders order him to follow him which he obeys feeling vibrations as if the ship is moving in the air following the Highlander walking a route of hallways and doorways till they reached a large doorway. Jinks wound up enter it to see tan Shadonians in the room at consoles that have a large view screen in the wall showing a video view of a scene as the ship is flying in the air. He is led to a male tan Shadonian sitting in a chair that appears to be the Captain’s chair which he stops as the Highlander stops and the tan Shadonian looks at him with some familiarity on his face which bothers him. He notices that the male has a round circular scar on his forehead while wearing High Council robe with black gloved hands despite the other tan Shadonians in the room wearing jumpsuits like he is wearing. 
He frowns as the male he assumes is the Captain speaks in a familiar voice “I am Set, twin brother of Osiris.” that annoys him as Set continues talking “I wound up captaining a ship due to tripping and damaging the life extender device in my forehead after Osiris was knocked out while banging on a glass window.” 
Jinks gets angry speaks with anger in his voice tone “I’m demanding an explanation for Set stabbing me in the back before my form changed to a First One.” 
He glares at Set who appears to look sad speaks “The stabbing was a childhood jealously that I had all my life aimed at Osiris. People were viewing Osiris as some hero and the people viewing myself as some trouble maker. This trouble making view wouldn’t go away despite myself doing some heroic acts just to get people to view me as a hero. The people still kept viewing towards Osiris that had me kill Osiris out of jealously.” 
He feels his anger is still within him as Set continues “I made a terrible bargain with the High Council to get the heroic worship respect from people I got from killing Osiris. I regrets doing it after I saw Osiris as a First One.” 
He gets his anger full blown loses himself to come to finding himself in the ocean water floating at the surface and feels still angry to hear Terra’s voice speaking in his mind “I transported Osiris into the ocean just to keep from causing damage with his temper tantrum.” 
Jinks snarls to wave a fist to the sky and looks around finding himself in some fog in the ocean feels annoyed feels a stinging pain in his leg that is followed by sleepiness that persists putting him asleep. 
Jinks finds himself dreaming while on a grassy cliff facing Mesen who speaks sounding like he’s not Mesen “Osiris should let go of his anger towards his brother Set or suffer for holding the angry grudge.” 
He feels himself angry attacks the Mesen look alike and finds that his efforts of hitting the male aren’t doing any effect roars an angry cry after halting his fisting. He finds himself restrained abruptly by Lance appearing in front of him in front of the Mesen figure calmly ordering him to calm down. 
He finds himself willed to calm by Lance’s words that tells him “I have gotten over my anger towards my brother for stabbing me in the back after becoming a Human with the help of the Dragon Drums. I have learned from them that Set survived the assassination by Horus doing to the High Council. My brother has divided loyalties to the High Council and to the Humans by using his ship to save Human lives which the Humans have dubbed his ship Angel of Mercy.” 
Jinks calm down to realize that the ship he saw twice that fired on the High Council’s warship and saved his plane he was in is the ship Set is captaining. He bursts into tears to feel Lance hugging him as he weeps hard till the tears stop and then finds his eyes forced shut by Lance. 

Jinks comes to find himself lying a mattress like bed to feel his hand held by a gloved hand and opens his eyes to stare standing next to the bed is Set he recognizes who speaks “I’m sorry for what I did to your father Osiris. I’m sorry for your suffering from that.” 
He finds himself not angry but calm and accepts Set’s apology gently grips Set’s hand in a tight grip then loosens his hold on it to stare at Set who he realizes knows that he’s Osiris’ son and not Osiris himself from his words. He feels himself calm as Set puts a gloved hand on his forehead and he feels sleepiness shuts his eyes to fall asleep unconscious.

Jinks comes to feel himself wearing his sweatpants with a blanket on him and a hand feeling Human and masculine holding his hand while lying in a bed that feels familiar which he jerks open his eyes. He finds the hand’s owner belongs to the King and he’s in his bedroom at the white house. 
Jinks stared at the King who speaks “The Angel of Mercy ship arrived at the White House and dropped a coffin like box on the lawn before taking off. The guards managed to open it and discovered Jinks himself inside appearing to be asleep. The doctors did a through test and found nothing wrong with Jinks but some drug in his system that was keeping him asleep. They just drained it all out of him and was waiting for him to wake up.” 
Jinks frown hearing that spoke “I ask for Katherine.” who the King speaks “Due to a bad feeling hitting me for days every time I saw Katherine that I had her and Victoria sent away to Jinks’ residence in New York City just to keep her safe.” 
I senses that the King is lying about getting the bad feeling from detecting the lie but telling the truth on where he sent Katherine and baby Victoria. Jinks sees some look in the King’s eyes that tell him that his words to the High Council about the King using him as a figurehead in the war is correct. 
Jinks frown as the King releases his hold on his hand telling him “Jinks to get some sleep for its night time.” 
Jinks speak with firmness in his voice tone eyes staring at the King meeting his eyes “I’m still smarting from being kicked out from the King position. I’m quite angry at the Humans for doing that that have me feeling divided on who to support in the Human/High Council war. I thought that the King should know of that.” 
He sees the King nod his head with some understanding look in his eyes that tells him that the King gets it how he is feeling. 
“Jinks is ordered to sleep” by the King.
 Jinks rolls over back to the King throwing the blankets over his head and shuts his eyes falling asleep and hears a lamp click sound while sensing darkness in the room becoming dominant and then hears a gentle closing of the door to his room closed.
 He dreams of the beach to face Lance which he spots the three Meritanians which Ramses comments to him a question “Life can be a bitch isn’t it?” 
Jinks hear “Harrumph!” from Lance which he looks at his father who speaks with an angry tone “Kensington better tread carefully when handling Jinks in the war with the High Council or I’ll personally attend to him with some sort of punishment.” 
Jinks frown as Lance continues to speak “I set aside Kensington’s rude attitude towards Jinks when first meeting him with Kensington as King by Kensington accepting Jinks as his daughter’s husband and father of her child.” 
He sees Lance look at him who keeps talking “I’m keeping an eye on Kensington and his treatment towards Jinks just to make sure that Kensington doesn’t do anything I finds not acceptable behavior towards Jinks.” 
Jinks frown showing it on his face as Lance looks away to stare at the Meritanians who he looks appear to nod their heads in a yes gesture which he figures that they agree with his father’s remarks. He gets the familiar question from Ramses finds again his eyes forced shut by Lance and wakes up in bed hearing the alarm going off. He eyes the clock to see it says seven o’clock wonders what the King has in mind for him to do for getting up at that early hour. He finds himself fine gets up from bed to hit the bathroom for a shower then walks out towel around his waist to go to the closet peering in it for clothes. Jinks spots holds bunches of black clothing and dress shoes with some pairs of sneakers all in the color of black which he goes to the dresser and finds some drawers empty but others holding black clothing such as underwear and socks. Jinks puts on his form and then tosses the towel to the bed and goes to the closet to put on a pair of pants and a long sleeve top and dressy shoes then figures that a jacket will have to be included for his outfit grabs and puts on heads to the bathroom to brush his hair. He leaves the bedroom to spot two male Human guards armed with guns at the door that follows him going to the kitchen. 
One of them comments “You should eat in the dining room for the King is eating there.” 
He doesn’t comment goes to the dining room to spot the King sitting in a chair reading the newspaper Master’s Herald in his hand with two other newspapers on the table while eating food one handed from a silverware. He eyes the newspapers as he sits next to the King seeing that their King’s Times and the other is Great Written News by the Highlanders themselves. He sits and is given food on a tray which he eats using silverware with the King in silence that puts down the paper while noticing the King focusing on his food as he eats. Jinks finished with the food sits back to stare at the King who finished his food.
The King comments “I was recently informed of two of the newspapers by the General who showed them to me. I was told that one focuses on the cult Jinks is leader of detailing lots of information of the cult and their god dubbed Lance Richard. The other focuses on the Highlanders who like their paper said are divided on their loyalties to Humans and the High Council and are fighting among each other about that.” 
Jinks doesn’t say a word keeps his mouth shut as the King orders him to come along which he gets up following the King to the Oval office where the general is along with some aides. 
He frowns as the King sits in the chair behind the desk then speaks “Report” which the general speaks “Communications with the U.S.S. Hawaii have been broken down. The submarine not responding to our messages, satellites detect the submarine in the Australia Atoll area sometimes sitting and sometimes moving around the area.” 
He frowns as the King asks “Who the Captain of the sub was?” which the General replies “The submarine is captained by a Highlander and its all Highlander controlled.” 
He frowns as he gets a memory of Set and recalls the King commenting in the dining room “The Highlanders fighting each other due to being divided on their loyalties to the High Council and to the Humans.” 
He hears the King speak with disgust in his tone “The Highlanders have given the High Council a weapon to defend their base from other attack subs in the ocean.” 
Jinks realizes that the U.S.S. Hawaii’s Captain and its crew is playing double agent speaks a comment very loudly saying “I don’t think so.” 
He looks at the King who sputters out “I…must…protests…. which he gets annoyed to will the Master through and mentally gags the King by a hand up to speak “The attack submarine’s crew is playing a double agent game with the High Council just to gain information on the High Council’s base and their defenses.” 
He hears the General speak “I agrees with” Jinks referring him as “His Imperial Majesty” which makes him confused and then hears the general add “I order him to free the King from gagging him mentally.” does seeing that the King is appearing to choke visibly by hands on his throat. 
He releases his mental hold on the King who gasps very loudly panting for air.  
He wills the Master away as one of the aides speak “The King has a press conference coming in a few minutes to defend his declaration of war on the High Council. The Humans aren’t aware of who the High Council are want a detailed explanation to who they are.” 
The King spoke in response “I order Jinks to come along to the press conference.” which the general backs up the King saying “I’m issuing that your imperial majesty should obey.” while referring Jinks as “your imperial majesty.” 
Jinks feel a little creep out by the general’s referral to him follows the King and general to the press room. 
Jinks stands in the hallway with the general feeling a little annoyed and decides to walk away but only has his arm grabbed by the general who spoke “I insists your imperial majesty go into the press room.” 
He gets annoyed wills the Master through to grab the General by the jacket uniform on the chest area with both hands and lifts the man up to dangle his feet with some hesitance effort while snarling some growl. 
He hears the General blurt out the word “God!” while looking at him with some look that reminds him of reverence in it. 
Jinks get interrupted by one of the King’s aides saying “The King has ordered your imperial majesty.” he refers as the same words the General referred him “to come into the press room and say some comments to the press.” 
He snarls some growl in response as the general with fear in his voice speaks “You should tell the press what the High Council did to you. It’s just to get the Humans angry enough to support the King in his war declaration.” 
He slowly lowers the general down and wills the Master away to walk into the press room to stand next to the King with arms folded eyes staring at the floor hearing the King speaking “I describe the Australia Atoll as the High Council’s home base and that an attack submarine named Arizona was brought down by them when it explored the area.” 
He hears gasps from the crowd as the King continues to speak “I expect the High Council to pay for the murderous deaths of the men in the Arizona submarine when all the High Council had to do was manipulate the submarine to leave the area instead of destroying it.” 
He frowns as the King continues to speak “The High Council had the opportunity to open a peaceful dialog with the Humans using the submarine as a communications device to the United States. I was willing to withdraw my declaration of war on the High Council if they bothered to communicate peacefully.” 
He listens as there are again gasps which the King continues to speak “The High Council blew the opportunity for peace with the Humans when they brought down the Arizona killing all aboard. Now there won’t be any peace between the Humans and the High Council who’ll pay for their actions with a war.” 
Jinks hear the King pause and then hears him speak “I’m referring to Jinks Montreal himself has admitted being a prisoner of the High Council and tortured by them. Jinks have managed to survive their efforts to break him down even their attempts to kill him.” 
Jinks hear the King add “I request to Mister Montreal if he wants to say anything to the public.” while feeling a poke in his back which he senses it’s the general poking him. 
He looks up and goes to the microphone then says the comment “Bunch of fools.” 
Then remembers Lance telling him “The Meritanians blabbing to the Highlanders about the Master organization cult which resulted in you kicked out of the King position.” speaks “The Australia Atoll is home to three sentient giant mind walking plants called Meritanians that live in the ocean. Answering to the names of Ramses the male and brother to two sister plants both females named Terra and Erra who’s mind walking power is very powerful enough to manipulate people against their own will. They are responsible for bringing down the Arizona by using their power abilities to transport an assassin aboard the Arizona who rigged the submarine to sink and transported the assassin out alive. The submarine was destroyed as a result.” 
He hears mutters of shock from the press people as he continues to speak “The Meritanians were the ones that blew the peace between Humans and the High Council by not manipulating the assassin aboard the Arizona talk to the crew in a peaceful attempt to avoid war. I blame the Meritanians for the torture that happened to me for they transported me to the High Council where I was tortured by them. I blame the Meritanians for my suffering by the High Council’s hands.”  
He walks off out of the room to the hallway to keep walking a route to his bedroom where he goes inside to sit at an armchair and feels sleepiness figures that the Meritanians are manipulating him to sleep. Jinks shut his eyes and dreams of himself back at the beach facing them with Lance besides him. He gives off a roar wills the Master through while raising his hands to set off the earthquake powers but his hands get clamped together by Lance’s hand in an ironclad grip and feels Lance’s other hand on his forehead and senses the Master willed away from him. He feels rage while glaring at the Meritanians who he sees are appearing to look confused and then allows the angry feeling to overtake him putting him out comes to find himself hugged by Lance who has a hand on his back and on the back of his head cheek touching his cheek.
Jinks hear his father saying “I’m begging you to calm down!” in a pleading voice tone.
He finds his anger is still hitting him snarls in Lance’s ear “My suffering by the High Council was the Meritanians’ fault for they transported me to the High Council. The transportation is where I suffered torture and pain including attempts to kill me. The Meritanians manipulated my attempts to go through the travel gates by implanting some image in my mind that took me elsewhere than where I wanted to go. I was forced to go where the image in the mind led me instead of anywhere on Shadan.” 
He continues to snarl “The Meritanians don’t care about anyone but themselves. The plants are playing a game of manipulating people to do things just to amuse themselves. Hence their divided loyalties to the High Council and the Humans and went too far with their game when they destroyed a way for the High Council and the Humans to communicate peace instead of having a war.” 
Jinks fisted his hands growling loudly as he paused from talking to feel Lance tightened his hold on him. 
He heard his father speaking “It’s alright. He’s just angry at what happened to him and is being how you say, pissed off.” 
He snarled hearing Ramses’ voice speaking “Oh dear.” 
Jinks roared an angry sound and struggled against his father’s hugging grip on him that remained ironclad holding him in place. 
He growled some gonoid sound as Lance spoke “Jinks! Will you calm down?!”
Jinks growled in response as he felt a familiar headache of his mind scanned followed by his anger going away willing him to calm as he unclenched his fisted hands. He sighed feeling happy having his father’s hold on him in a hug placed his hands on Lance’s back. Jinks felt Lance stiffened from his hands on his back as he heard Ramses’ voice speaking “I don’t think this Human ever experienced any male pleasantries while being raised by a female all his childhood and into adulthood hence his reaction to being hugged like that.”
He frowned hearing Ramses’ words kept his hands on Lance’s back and again sighed loudly rubbing his cheek against his father’s cheek who he felt was stiffening from his touch. Jinks frowned as Lance abruptly released his hold on him tearing himself out of his hand grip on his back to step back staring at him with some unreadable expression in his eyes despite having a blank facial expression. He shivered feeling the loss of Lance’s hug hold as his father abruptly forced his eyes shut. 

Jinks came to find himself still in his bedroom sitting in his armchair with anger simmering in him hearing a knock on the door. 
He got up from the chair and went to the door yanking it open to stare at the General who spoke “Your Imperial Majesty, the King wants you in his office.”
Jinks frowned hearing the General’s words thought to himself “I really could use an explanation to why people keeps calling me ‘Your Imperial Majesty’ when I don’t even know what my official title is.” 
He frowned as he wordlessly followed the General out of the room to a route to the Oval office. Once inside the room he saw the King sitting at the desk looking serious who pointed a finger at him which he felt his arms abruptly grabbed in tight grips by the guards as a female wearing medical scrubs came into view holding a small needle syringe which he allowed his anger to take control lost himself. He came to find himself calm with anger gone held in a hug by a male while feeling a needle in his wrist of his right arm held in place by some sort of tape. Jinks sighed feeling the male’s hugging hold as tight as he sensed the needle was attached to something injecting him some drug in his system. He felt the male released his hold on him which he saw was the General looking serious as he looked at his wrist to see there was clear tube holding watery like liquid in it going into him. His eyes followed the tube seeing it leading to a large clear bag hanging on a hook on a metal stand while holding water like liquid in it. Jinks stared at the bag with confusion running through him. 
He heard the General speak “I think someone should explain to his imperial majesty for the medical procedure he’s receiving.” 
He heard a female voice speaking “The tests that were done on you discovered that your body was needing nourishment which the food you were eating was only providing a small amount of it. Your body as a result was starved for the nourishment and we suspect it’s the reason for the great rages of anger you’ve been displaying.  The liquid food aka medicine was recently developed by the Zesky Hospital is to make up for your body needing the nourishment. The nourishment must be injected in you every day for continuous hours till we determine that your body has received what it requires. Then after that the medicine can be injected once every seven days.”
He looked at the female medic seeing that she spoke as she paused from talking to continue speaking “Your daughter after testing you was tested which results show she has the similar ailment. She has been given the proper amount of nourishment to help her as she grows up.”
Jinks didn’t say a word kept his mouth shut.  He went to the couch and sat and felt sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Jinks came to feel a hand patting his cheek which he opened his eyes to stare at the General. 
He heard the familiar female voice speaking “He should be alright once his body gets used to the nourishment.”
He frowned as the General spoke “I think you should be in your room in bed sleeping instead of on the couch, your imperial majesty.” 
Jinks didn’t complain got up from the couch and with the nurse following him holding the metal stand holding the bag he went out of the office to a route to his bedroom. Once inside the nurse took off the bag tube attached to the needle syringe still in his wrist and gestured for him to change which he obeyed stripping himself of his clothes not caring that he was baring himself to her. He heard a gasp sound ignored it to put on his sweatpants and climbed into bed leaning against the headboard. He held up his wrist and watched as the nurse attached the tube to the syringe in it and then she turned off the lamp plunging the room in darkness and left the room. Jinks sat leaning against the headboard eyeing his wrist showing the needle still in it attached to the tube leading to the bag that was appearing to slowly empty its contents. He sighed sitting in the room with night vision in his eyes. He adjusted his position to lie down and pulled the blankets up his chest and shut his eyes. He dreamed of the beach again with Lance and the Meritanians there. 
He frowned as Lance looked at him with a glare that made him nervous as his father spoke “Your attitude towards the Meritanians is not acceptable. You will cease this slander attack on them and behave appropriately as requested.” 
Jinks formed a frown on his lips as Lance’s eyes turned all black face becoming more glaring that made him more nervous. He stared at his father whose hand shot out gagging him on the throat in a choke hold. 
Jinks gagged out “Father, please-“
His father interrupted “Spare me the begging, Jinks. I don’t find it amusing with your behavior towards the Meritanians. You will cease this angry attitude towards them now!”
He gagged out “Father-“
Lance interrupted “I mean it, Jinks.” 
He felt Lance’s hold on his neck gone and coughed gulping for air panting hard. He sighed as he eyed the Meritanians who were frowning eyes aimed at him. 
Jinks stared at Ramses who spoke “Oh explain that Imperial Majesty thing.” 
He heard Lance speak “Kensington gave you a title dubbed ‘High King’, the others have taken it literally calling you as ‘Your Imperial Majesty’, while seeing you as something else than just a Human.”
He frowned remembering the General’s God remark when he lifted the man off his feet.   Jinks gets eyes forced shut after spoke “I apologize to the Meritanians.” as ordered by Lance saying “You’re to apologize to the Meritanians for your slander.”
He comes to feel himself naked in an object that feels like a tub with a cloth covering his eyes and there’s lips that feels familiar kissing him which he senses it’s Katherine. He kisses her back then the kiss is broken off which he shivers despite the water being warm. He feels Katherine’s hands touch him all over not sparing his sensitive part that soothes him to relax and pass out. 

Jinks comes to find himself alone in bed needle syringe still in his arm and he feels sick yanks out the needle out and darts into the bathroom. He comes out to see the nurse is there with a disgusted expression on her face. He changes in front of her seeing that she’s Asian with Human ears that tell him that she’s a Highlander hybrid. 
He puts on clothes and walks out ignoring her complaining “I am needing to inject you the medicine!” which he figures “The medicine is poisoning me.” 
He ignores her walks to the Oval office to see the King there with the General and guards. He ignores the nurse who grabs his arm and he knocks her to the floor which a cat looking like Snowball lands on her chest.
She screams Yoshi’s remark “Furball!” while screaming in terror. 
Jinks mentally spoke “I order her paralyzed.” by hand waving which she stops her yelling. 
He comments with the Master through him “I was being poisoned due to feeling sick.” 
He hears the General comment “It’s was just something your imperial majesty was eating that disagreed with him.” 
He feels annoyed hearing that waves paralyses away from the nurse to mentally gag the General which an aide walks in the way blocking his attempt.
“I order to Jinks to take the drug or Victoria will take it and it’s his choice.” As said by the King. 
Jinks thinks to himself “It’s like no one listened to me.” eyes the floor to see it rushing to meet him feels nothing and then darkness to find himself back in bed with eyes closed and figures that it was a dream. 
He senses with his eyes closed the needle still in his wrist and himself feeling so tired. He keeps his eyes shut allows himself to sleep passing out unconscious.

Jinks comes to opening his eyes to find himself still in bed with a lamp on wearing his sweatpants that feel snug on his form spoon fashioning Katherine who he senses seems to be asleep. He senses that the needle syringe is gone from his wrist and feels a weirdness feeling that tells him that he’s healed up. He eyes the clock seeing its seven o’clock in the a.m. and gets up slowly from bed. He hears a soft mew to look at the bed to see Snowball sitting next to Katherine’s feet. He sees a crib in the corner of the room goes to it and peers inside to see Victoria looking asleep while having a tube going underneath her back which he follows goes to a small clear bag with water like liquid in it attached to a metal pole next to the crib. He stares at Victoria who opens her eyes and scrunches up her face giving off a loud wail sound that tells him she’s hungry which he gently reaches in and lifts up the baby cradling her in his arms and takes the metal pole with him while he carries her to the bed which he sits next to Katherine who appears to have passed out from not moving despite the noises Victoria is making. He gently leans over and kisses Katherine on the cheek then places a hand on her forehead mentally ordering her to wake up which she does and she abruptly sits up bolt right. He hands her, Victoria who is wailing away which Katherine takes to give the baby her meal. He watches Katherine breast feed Victoria and then watches his wife puts Victoria on her shoulder and pats the baby’s back while hearing a burp sound from the baby. He stares at Katherine who gets up from bed and goes to the crib putting the baby in it and sets the metal pole next to the crib and then walks back to the bed to stand staring at him which he finds her look is scrutiny him by her eyes looking him all over with a pleasant expression in them.
Jinks speak “How long was I out asleep?” 
He stared at Katherine who speaks “About four days and that you were appearing to be in some deep sleep and kept on sleeping despite me trying to wake you up a few times.”  
He nodded his head and got up from the bed seeing her eyes narrow staring at him with some scrutiny look. He frowned at the sweat pant’s snugness pulled at the waist and discovered only stretch enough to stick his fingers between his skin and the pants. 
He hears a “hah!” comment from Katherine looks up at her to see her with a serious expression on her face and her arms folded while still staring at him with scrutiny that makes him think “I wonder what’s she’s implying.” 
He hears her speak “There’s a full length mirror on the bathroom door which you should take a look and see for yourself what I sees.” 
He frown goes to the bathroom door shutting the door closed to peer at he through the mirror while underneath Katherine’s scrutiny. Jinks frown seeing he looking thickly muscular and notices his neck looking thicker along with his arms and muscles on his body with a form twin to a muscular moron named Mindbender except for the face is Lance Richard’s. Jinks yank he out of the sweatpants with effort and tossing them onto the bed to stare at himself naked in the mirror.  He sees his legs look thicker while still muscular.
Jinks stupidity figures “The medicine filled me up to make me look the way I was.” 
Jinks are still clueless to being cloned with this moron idiot named Mindbender’s body of the High Council’s perfect servant. He frowns as Katherine walks to stand next to him while staring at his face which he notices instead of looking in her eyes height he finds he’s looking down at her who’s top of the head appears to reach his eyes. 
Jinks frown as Katherine speaks “I heard of you lifting up the General with both hands. I figures to myself with you healed up you should be able to be strong enough to lift the general or anyone equal sized up with one hand.” 
Not sure if Katherine knows of the cloning as she pauses to hug him hands on his arms her body touching his which he leans his head on her head. He feels a pleasant feeling from her touching him in a hug that makes him feel some what happy. 
He hears her yawn followed by a sleepy voice saying “I’m going back to bed for it’s too early for me.” 
He doesn’t comment as she breaks off the hug and he watches her go to the bed getting in pulling the blankets on her and appears to sleep. Jinks go into the bathroom and take a shower then naked goes to the dresser to examine the underwear shorts which he figures will fit him judging by how stretchable it is. He puts it on and discovers it fits him perfectly instead of loosely fitting like before. He puts on socks seeing that they still fit him. He goes to the closet to hear a soft snoring noise sounding like its coming from the floor and figures that it’s the Ghost Walker sleeping in his closet which he doesn’t disturb despite pulling clothes from the closet and lays the items on the bed. He examines the clothes checking for the size seeing that they won’t fit him goes back to the closet to examine the rest of the clothing seeing that their all different sizes which he pulls the largest sizes of pants, a long sleeve top with no decorations on it and a jacket and puts them on seeing that they fit him perfectly from the feel of it. He examines the shoes finding the largest size and yanks it out to put on his feet feeling it fit him fine. Jinks go into the bathroom and brush his hair then goes to Katherine to gently kiss her on the lips that smile in her sleep but stay asleep. He goes to Victoria in the crib that appears to be sleeping which he reaches with a hand and gently places one of his fingers on her cheek gently rubbing while feeling the baby seems to like it but prefers to stay asleep. Jinks go to the bedroom door opening it to spot Snowball darting out that pause to sit on her haunches as he walks out to see the familiar guards are there and finds his new height is equal to them. He notices one guard look down at his feet with a confused expression on the face.  He walks away into the hallway while sensing Snowball following him which he goes to the dining room to see the King sitting at the table reading the paper and eating with a fork. He goes to sit down and is handed food on a tray which he eats as the King puts down the paper and focuses on his food. Jinks once done puts the tray away from him to sit leaning back staring at the King who appeared to finish his food which he watches picks up the paper and begins to read it. Jinks frown picks up the Master’s Herald reads the headlines to discover nothing interesting him while sensing himself stared at by the King. 
He put down the paper and meets the King’s scrutiny stare who speaks “The Highlanders despite their civil war have one thing they all agree on.” 
He frowns forming it on his lips as the King holds up the paper Great Written News and points’ to the headline blared on it which he reads “Keep Osiris alive!” 
He frowns seeing the headline as the King speaks “I read the article which detailed Jinks Montreal as Osiris which all the Highlanders agreeing to keep him alive at all costs without further detailing why they agreed to that. There’s implying in the article that it has something to do with keeping another species from going madly insane without naming that species.”   
Jinks feel a little creep out as an image of High Lord Torvid leader of the Shadonia flashes in his mind. 
He frowns thinking to himself “What I have to do with the Shadonia?” 
He doesn’t speak his thought out loud as the King spoke “Come along.” which he follows to the oval office to meet the General and aides there. 
He discovers his new height makes him equal height to the General who looks a little confused to see him taller despite the general scrutinized his feet then looking at him all over. 
He keeps his mouth shut goes to sit on the couch and hears the general give off “Yeow! The cat’s claws are sharp!” 
He looks at the general’s feet to see Snowball standing on her legs stretched clawing the general’s leg with her paws. He claps his hands which gets Snowball to pause from her clawing.
Jinks speak “Snowball come here!” 
He frowns as Snowball stops clawing the general to go down on fours and walk to the couch to jump up on his lap and tummy sit. He rubs the cat’s back and sees her back end go up with legs up which he remembers the cat books’ contents tells him that she likes him petting her on the back. 
He hears the King speak “That back end rising is cat behavior. Snowball” he names “likes being petted hence her position.” 
He notices the general staring at the cat with a confused expression but looks away to focus his attention to the King. Jinks get sleepiness shuts his eyes to lean his head back and dreams of himself back at the beach facing Lance with the Meritanians there. 
He frowns as Lance tells him “After you while wearing my necklace passed out on the couch in the presence of the High Lord of Shadonia. Torvid got up from the couch and put his hand on my pendant triggering some urge to mediate that hit the High Lord who went to mediate.” 
He frowns as Lance continues to speak “Ramses and his sisters explained to the High Council and the Highlanders the Shadonia’s nearly to blows among each others’ reaction was from you being gone from the planet. This was triggered from the High Lord touching my pendant. Ramses according to me explained that the Shadonia have some sort of hive mind ability that he’s not certain if the Shadonia is aware of it or not. Information from one Shadonian mediating is transferred to all Shadonians which is what happened to the High Lord and his people when he mediated after touching my necklace which triggered something in all Shadonians. Ramses and his sisters including the races living among the Shadonia observed that the Shadonia have some sense aimed at something judging by their behavior. The Highlanders pinpointed it to Jinks himself hence they all agreeing to keep him alive.” 
He frowns hearing that as he looks at Ramses seeing the Meritanians grimace comments “I’m telling you to sleep off your headaches.” 
He hears Lance say “Meritanians don’t sleep!” which he asks “If the High Council and their servants are aware of that sleepy fact?” 
He stares at Lance who frowns to stare at him back. He and Lance both look at the Meritanians who have heads down then look up all shaking their heads no.
Jinks hears Ramses speaking in a sleepy voice tone “I’m trying to sleep and will be out of commission for awhile and it’s the same with my sisters.” 
He sees Ramses point a robe covered finger at him and make a force eyes closed gesture to his sister next to him who swats his hand away and swats her hand in his face. He feels his eyes forced shut wakes up feeling a hand patting his cheek.
Jinks open his eyes to stare at the General who comments “Your imperial majesty should be in bed asleep instead of here falling asleep on the couch.” 
Jinks shrugs off the general’s comment to speak to the King “I’m mentioning the article about keeping Osiris alive. I mention that I figured out what species the Highlanders are implying about from some memory popping in my mind while I was asleep.” 
He sees the King who frown then speaks “The general was reporting that another species identifying by the Shadonia communicating to the Humans on the main land referred as Spottians came from the sky in their warship. They landed on the planet with permission and their warship is contained and out of sight. The Humans nearby has managed to establish contact with the Spottians who appear to be humanoid versions of an ancient Earth animal or gonoid in terms called cheetah.” 
He frowns as the King continues to speak “The Spottians had some Humans aboard their warship who came out with them including one Spottian revealing himself as a disguised Human who said ‘I claim I’m not human but another Humanoid like species called Builder.’ 
He feels Snowball off his lap gets up from the couch as the King pauses from talking which the general speaks “The Spottians were brought to a zoo where gonoids are kept and shown each gonoid there and the Human name for each gonoid. They were told that they were from lands on Earth and then lastly shown the Cheetah. They were told is the gonoid version of them. Their reaction to the other gonoids was they appeared to be confused and shocked when seeing them then shown the Cheetah. Their reaction was them acting like they were ill with something. They refused medical help by claiming that they were not used to being planet bound after being in their warship for awhile which they claimed was their cause of sickness.” 
Jinks fold his arms as the general continues to speak “The Spottians with a great deal of convincing agreed to be medically examined and the test results I was about to say to the King. I’m saying now is that the Spottians have Human internal organs and a Human like body but not for their heads despite having a Human sized brain and Human brain like organ in it. Their head is of a Cheetah and skin which they have fur of a Cheetah and their hands and feet are Human like with nails appearing to be claws. They do have cheetah like tails jutting from their seat end along with sex organs appearing to be Human like for both male and female Spottians. The Human aka Builder who was disguised as a Spottian has told of his observances of the Spottians while aboard their warship. He observed that their led by a male Spottian who captained the warship and females are equal to the males. It’s the males who initiate the mating by licking the female on the cheek and taking her away from public places to their quarters for privacy. He’s hasn’t seen Spottians mate and figures it’s a private thing among Spottians. 
The Builder has also said ‘The Humans aboard the warship came from small life pods the Spottians picked up on their travels in space.’ 
The Spottians are refugees from an attack on their home world planet caused by another species identified as Rakcar and they escaped and have been looking for the Shadonia’s home world to seek sanctuary.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut frowning as he noticed the King frowning identical expression as the general kept on talking “The Spottians have admitted that their warship came from an international space station depot bordering an asteroid field. They learned the Shadonia’s home world location from the Shadonia communicating a message to Shadan about finding the Tolyatti. The Rakcar confirmed by a spy satellite hidden on one of the Shadonia’s warships arriving at the planet. The Spottians didn’t take off to Shadan till a warship claiming to be of the High Council arrived at the station. Another warship species identified as Deerin told the High Council warship the Shadonia’s home world location along with Shadan having a piece of the Human home world Earth in it. They fearing something bad was going to happen to Shadan took off to warn the Shadonia of this. They arrived with damage through an asteroid field which they claim its damage from another warship firing at them. They also claim is from the Rakcar and then they reached the planet and communicated and was granted permission to land.” 
He frowns as the general continues to speak “The Builder took a great deal of convincing to the Spottians that the Humans were keeping their warship safe by containing it. The Humans seen outside were in peace in an attempt to communicate with them. The Spottians were convinced enough to come out and establish contact.”  
Jinks hears the General speak some gibberish that sounds like foreign language in a compelling tone yawns visibly and is ordered by the King “Jinks Montreal is to go to quarters and get some sleep. I insisted on obeying the order.” 
Jinks don’t protest leaves to his bedroom which inside he strips himself of his clothes but leaves on the underwear shorts. 
He hears a meow from the Ghost Walker and is forced into the bathroom by the Ghost Walker who speaks to him “I wound up overhearing a conversation between the King and the General the previous day. I heard them talk about the King using Katherine to dig up dirt on you whatever dirty means. She found the Master cult and shared it to her father who in return blabbed it to a government official along with showing that official a scroll of Jinks dressed differently.” 
Jinks feels annoyed hearing that as the Ghost Walker continues to speak “The General and the King continued to talk the man the nerve of him admitted ‘I wound up telling the government official about Jinks using cheating to get the King position by being a leader of a cult. Jinks having followers voting for him which the same official later accused Jinks of doing and insisted on Jinks’ removal while adding on having myself take Jinks’ place.” 
Jinks feels annoyance hit him some more hearing that as he wills himself to keep calm as the Ghost Walker continues “While you was out unconscious the general arrived into the bedroom and proceeded to initiate some mating ritual of lip to lip to Katherine who appeared to dislike the lip to lip thing.
Then the general once done said ‘She’ll be mine!’ before Katherine said ‘I insisted on you to leave the room!’ which the general did.” 
He feels furious hearing that as the Ghost Walker rubs his back calming him down a bit till he feels calmer to walk out of the bathroom to the bed and gets into it to lie down spoon’s fashioning Katherine falling asleep passing out unconscious. 

Jinks wakes up lying on some cot hearing some voice sounding like the general speaking foreign language “I’m ordering Jinks Montreal to wake up.” 
He discovers he’s wearing clothes he was wearing before falling asleep in bed with Katherine. He finds himself in a jail cell and sees the General on the other side of the gate that is smirking. 
Jinks get up to stare at the general who said in a laughing voice tone “Katherine will be mine! There’s nothing Jinks can do about this!” which annoys Jinks to snarl “The general is insane for that declaration!” 
Jinks feels annoyance take hold as the general spoke still laughing like a lunatic sounding like Meritanian’s laughter voice tone “The doctors told Katherine that Victoria won’t live very long. She’ll die in a matter of days. I’m surprised that Katherine didn’t tell Jinks that fact.” 
He feels annoyed hearing it to realize that the general’s words about Victoria are true. He glares at the general who speaks some foreign language words that gets him to take off the ring on his finger and hand it to the general through the bars. He feels angry as the general takes the ring and speaks some foreign language which gets him to get on the cot and fall asleep. 

Jinks wake up hearing a meow in his ear to feel Snowball sitting on him yowling in his ear. He finds he’s lying on a couch in the oval office which he gets up to eye the TV seeing its seven o’clock in the a.m. which he gets up after the cat gets off of him and goes to the desk to sit in the chair eyes aimed at the door. He waits as aides go into the room not noticing him along with the general who doesn’t seem to notice him. 
The King gets into the room and notices him by speaking “Jinks Montreal!” very loudly.
This which gets the general and aides to look in his direction as Jinks speaks “I heard from a source that Kensington played a part in kicking me out of the King position. I want to know what’s up with that talk.” 
He glares at the King who looks nervous by his eyes showing it and then the King speaks “People won’t accept Jinks as King.” 
Jinks speak “I’m a leader of a cult-“ 
The King interrupts to speak “I was talking about the government officials who voted Jinks out of position. There’s a law about people who once hold the King position cannot run for a public office because of that law.” 
He opens his mouth to retort and the general interrupts speaking in foreign language which he finds himself compelled to get up and walk out of the room to the bedroom he shared with Katherine to find her sitting on the bed crying tears. 
He sits next to her putting a hand on her shoulder which she yanks off while blurting “Victoria has died! I don’t want anything to do with Jinks Montreal! I want him to go away from me!”
Jinks think “She’s like she’s not really saying the comments of not wanting anything to do with me. She’s wants me away from her but senses it’s the general’s influence.” makes him think to himself “I’m not giving up on Katherine period.” 
He gets up and walks out of the room to meet the general who thrusts him a necklace holding a diamond ring he recognizes as Katherine’s and is forced to put it on his neck by the general’s influence. 
He speaks “You the General is dead to me. I’m not giving up Katherine. She’s mine and I’ll make sure of that.” 
He feels his mood irritated as the general uses his influence again and he finds himself going out of the white house to a limo that takes him to the airport which he takes a plane to New York City and arriving there feels rage as the general’s influence wears off of him. He feels angry as the limo for him arrives at the city which he takes to the penthouse building and once inside feels his mood is still the same which arriving at the penthouse finds Willingham is gone.
A new butler there speaking “I’m named Harington.” is there who tells him “Willingham and the cook Jeff and his wife Roberta have retired from service. There’s a new cook named Yan and his wife Vanda who have taken their places.”   
Jinks finds his mood doesn’t improve spends the rest of the day stomping around the penthouse going into rooms to roar angry sounds and slamming the doors once he leaves the rooms. He keeps this up till bedtime which he takes a shower and finds a pair of pajama pants which he puts on and wears to bed and lies on the bed feeling he’s too angry to sleep feels sleepiness shuts his eyes and falls asleep to dream of being at the beach facing Lance and the three Meritanians. 
“I complain I don’t have a purpose to do things-“Jinks whines which Lance interrupts “I’m telling you I do have something in mind for you to do. You will find out what it is later.” 
Jinks don’t comment as Lance forces his eyes shut. 

Jinks dreamed of himself angry just his sweatpants as his clothes walking to the Table meeting spot while ranting “The general is dead to me! I want the general assassinated!” which he finds he’s alone with a man wearing a suit there who takes him a moment to recognize as Roosevelt that spoke “I tell Tam to think of another alternate than assassinating the general.” 
He snarls an angry sound as Roosevelt tells him “The general is a Humanoid race called Builder that has a voice ability to manipulate people with their voices. That’s what the general was doing to people around the white house.” 
He feels himself still angry as a woman dressed in a peasant dress walks into view which takes him a moment to recognize as Janel who standing next to sitting Roosevelt.
Janel spoke “I ask Tam to come to me.” 
Jinks feels he needs a hug goes to her while feeling a weirdness feeling goes to stand in front of Janel who hugs him that helps him calm down from his angry mood. 
He feels himself calmed down as Roosevelt continues to speak “Only another Builder can counterattack the general’s voice commands. The Builder who’ll take the job of doing that will come to Jinks when the time is right.” 
He feels himself calmed down sighs as Janel let go of him then spoke “I order Tam to walk to the door.” and tells him “Lance is aware of this and is in process of doing something about this situation.” 
He nods his head and feeling calm walks to the door and yanks it open to see the hallway while feeling the weirdness feeling stop. Jinks walks out closing the door and comes to hearing the alarm blaring in his ear. He wakes up in a calm mood to eye the clock seeing it says seven o’clock in the a.m. gets up to get dressed in black clothes without a jacket and brushes his hair to walk out of the bedroom to see Harington standing there looking like he wants to know what Jinks wanted. He frown goes to the dining room to sit and meets Vanda a Roberta look alike or clone of her who gives him food on a tray. Jinks eat the food with gusto then wanders around the penthouse noticing that King Winter is gone. He goes to the Kitchen to meet Yan a Jeff look alike where he finds Harington there. 
He remarks “King Winter being a guest?” and is told “The Cold Lord left the apartment after Willingham and others retired. He hasn’t been back but there’s sighting of him standing around in the city sightings of him feeding off people leaving them alive while in the city.” 
He frowns hearing that nods his head to go to the TV room to watch TV seeing an all news channel that talks “The High Council revealing themselves to multiple foreign ships off planet orbiting. They were overheard telling the ships not to fire on the planet while indicating that they have a base there.”
The news report details “The Shadan fleet arrived from another planet and got the foreign ships to leave peacefully while insisting with communications to the foreign ships to leave. Nearly all left except one identifying themselves as High Council that was granted permission to land and have landed near the Australia Atoll area as indicated by the planet bound High Council to land there.” 
Jinks exhales a breath thinks not so smartly “There feels like that there might be peace between the Humans and the High Council for keeping the foreign ships from firing on the planet.” 
He continues to watch the TV that keeps repeating its news about the High Council which he feels bored changes the channel to find a soap opera judging by the looks of it and watches it feeling himself annoyed by the mating scene featured in the soap opera. He feels his annoyance still won’t go away after the soap opera is done which is followed by another soap opera feels his annoyance still hitting him as he sees another mating scene on the TV. He feels like he should have mated with Katherine once healed up hence he feeling annoyed. His mood doesn’t improve as he feels fed up with the TV shuts it off with voice command and goes to the kitchen.
Jinks wound up speaking once in there “I ask Harington there if there’s a garden in the building I could go to besides going outside to sit on a bench? I not in the mood for the people to stare at him and wants peace and solace among nature.” 
Harington spoke “I agrees.” and takes him to the elevator and it goes down then stops at a floor showing a hallway.
Jinks meet guards there which Harington spoke “I order the guards to take the Master to the garden.” 
Jinks follows through the hallway up sets of stairs to a doorway which he sees the garden is like a small mini central park completes with trees bushes and plants. Jinks sees while wandering around and discovers a vegetable patch in the ground that he sees someone is gardening vegetables. He wanders around to the edge of the garden to see a high fenced wall humming of electricity which he peers through to see the buildings in sight but doesn’t focus on the buildings but again wanders in the garden to a grass patch where he kneels and bursts into tears uncontrollably. He cries tears till they stop flowing and finds himself much better from the crying bout goes to a tree to sit back leaning against it and looks around the garden in his eyes sight letting himself wander in his mind. He does that till night fall which he takes the same route back to the penthouse and inside his bedroom hits the shower and goes to bed. 

Jinks dreams of Lance again who tells him “The High Council figured out that the Meritanians don’t have the sleep ability. I’m not sure how they found out but the group has been issuing orders to the plants that have been resisting some of those orders.” 
He frowns as he hears Ramses comment very loudly interrupting Lance talking “Why should I do any transporting to Osiris?” 
Jinks eyed Ramses who added “What for that transportation order? I’m sick and tired of the High Council putting Osiris through tests and would rather not do the transporting.” 
He frown paying attention to Ramses who continues to speak with disgust in his tone “I have transported Osiris. Anubis should just use the butt end of the staff to wake him up.” 
He feels annoyed hearing Ramses’ words as Lance covers his eyes. 

Jinks come to find he lying on metal floor and there’s a stick poking him in the stomach. He wakes up to find himself in the High Council’s throne room and there’s a boy child kneeling a meter in front of him back to him. He senses that the boy is ghost walking which he wills the Master through and mentally orders the boy to choke who he senses stops ghost walking then wills the choking command away as the boy gets up facing him. He sees the boy is teenaged old having long black hair pulled back while wearing a jumpsuit and has an Asian as those Humans with Highlander’s faces are called face with ears having parts of it cut off. He frowns as the boy he stares at looks familiar as a memory of him mating with a female Highlander assassin flashes in his mind and figures that the boy is his son which the boy proves it with his eyes turning all black and holding up a hand which he feels a choking sensation. Jinks hold up a hand and mentally orders a shield to block the choking sensation which he feels stops and hear an awk sound followed by choking noises besides him. 
He hears Anubis with annoyance in his tone in a loud whisper “I order the kid to stop choking my guard.” which he hears choking noises stop as the kid lowers his hand. 
He hears the High Council’s voice in his mind telling him “The boy child is your son named Ajax with a Highlander female named Aja who was an assassin ordered to kill you cycles ago. She didn’t do the order due to a strong desire to mate with Osiris yourself. Aja wound up expecting Ajax who has been raised by Aja and several others.” 
He doesn’t comment as the High Council speaks “Ajax has been told of his father by his mother and has expressed an interest in meeting Osiris himself which we granted.” 
He nods his head to them and looks at his son that stops flaring black eyes which he wills the Master away from him to stare at the kid he sees has a hint of his face despite the Highlander’s look on the face. 
He hears the High Council add “We order Osiris transported back to his home.” and finds himself back in his bedroom standing in the room. 
He goes to bed and passes out to hear the alarm which he gets up gets dressed and walks out to see Harington there in the familiar spot with the same look on his face. He doesn’t comment goes to the dining room to eat then goes to the TV room to watch TV feeling a little bored with the news’ broadcast of the High Council’s broadcast to the foreign ships. He feels bored as the broadcast is cut in with another news reporter talking “The King admitted to the hospital after fainting during a government meeting the previous day. The doctors through testing found a brain tumor that was taken out. The tumor appears to be malignant enough for the King to receive medication but will need yearly medical tests in case another tumor comes.” 
He hears a throat clearing noise looks at Harington who speaks “The King during one of his waking periods insisted on having the Master be present at his bedside. That was from a Highlander reading his daughter’s mind when she stood in the hallway looking zoned out appearing to be under influence of the general who ordered the medical staff and guards to not have the Master’s presence while using his voice influence.” 
Jinks feel annoyed thinks to he “I’ll show up to spite the general!” speaks out loud “I’m going to the capital to grant the King’s wish for me to be present.” 
He hears Harington speak “The Master has to go through like any other people through the airport to a plane and take it to Washington D.C. for not having the proper funds for a private plane.” 
He speaks “I don’t care!” comment gets up going to the elevator and takes it to lobby is directed to the garage room and gets inside a limo which takes him to the airport. 
Jinks is directed to take a suitcase out of the trunk by the driver which he does and finds a man purse filled with documents for getting on the plane. Jinks put on and haul the suitcase by wheels into the airport terminal to the checking in counter. Jinks finds a short line waits for his turn while noticing people looking in his direction with different emotions on their faces. He gets his luggage checked in and gets a ticket to the plane and then goes through security while noticing that people are staring at him with different emotions on their faces. He ignores them goes through security to go to the plane terminal where he sits waiting for his turn to get on the plane. He notices a man dressed in a suit with short blonde hair sit next to him that seem to be staring at him out of the corners of his eyes darting from him to the window where the plane is. 
Jinks gets on the plane to a window seat and sits staring out the window hearing the passengers’ whisper loudly “You won’t believe this but there’s a former King being aboard!” 
He ignores them as the seats get filled up with passengers and then the plane takes off flying in the air. Jinks spend his time staring out the window only looking away to acknowledge the stewardess for drinks and food which he feels like he needs it accepts the food and the drinks which he takes in. He notices out the window a familiar ship that looks like it belongs to the High council escorting his plane and finds it still escorting the plane for the whole plane ride to the capital where it takes off once the plane lands. Jinks gets out of the plane to the baggage claim which he uses his Master powers to direct him to the suitcase without flaring his eyes black. 
He grabs his suitcase and hauls it out of the terminal to outside to meet the blonde man in a suit again that spoke “Excuse me, can you to escort me to my limo? I’m going to the hospital to visit the King and figured out why you were on the plane to the city.” 
Jinks don’t comment follows the man to the limo which he puts his suitcase in the trunk as the man does the same with his suitcase. 
He gets inside with the man who spoke “I introduce myself as Radley Willingham.” which shocks him. 
He comments “I do know a butler named Willingham despite your last name is the same.” which Radley explains “I’m the butler’s nephew. I was told by Harington the butler’s replacement to visit the King in the hospital while he was implying that a Builder was using influence to manipulate the King’s health. It seemed that people wanted another Builder there to see that the King gets what he needs to stay alive.” 
Jinks spoke “I asks if Willingham was a Builder?” which Radley spoke “I confirms that.” and says “Harington is a Builder himself who is another line of defense against people invading the penthouse building with the Highlanders as first line of defense.”  
He feels a little shocked speaks “I’m shocked.” but keeps his mouth shut as the limo drives them to the hospital and parks in the parking lot.
Jinks and Radley climb out going to the hospital to the lobby where Jinks spoke “I ask the receptionist for the King’s room?” and hears Radley using foreign language in a compelling voice tone.
The lady groans of pain then speaks the room number and floor which he notices her grimacing of pain as he and Radley walk to the elevator to the floor. He passes by medical personal in the hallway and hears Radley still using his voice in foreign language on the medical personal who act like they have headaches by them grimacing on their faces. He and Radley arrive to the room with guards standing there which he again hears Radley use his voice influence which he notices the guards grimace acting like they have headaches. He and Radley get inside the room to see Katherine looking zoned out while sitting in a chair next to the bed holding her father’s hand and the General is in the room back to the door looking out the window. Jinks feel annoyed to see the general wills the Master through as Radley uses his voice on Katherine he notices grimaces acting like she has a headache as the general turns around speaking in foreign language. He listens as Radley and the general speaking in foreign language in compelling tones back and forth which gets him fed up with hearing their talk holds up a hand and orders the general to choke whose talking gets cut off gagging visibly with hands going to throat with mouth open appearing to be gulping for air. Jinks mentally gags the general as Radley continues to speak in his foreign language then the general he sees rolls his eyes and faints hitting the floor going unconscious. He again hears Radley using the voice influence as he hears a loud gasp in a male voice tone sounding like the King waking up. Jinks will the choking order to stop and mentally will the Master away. He goes to the King to stand next to him besides the bed as he sees Katherine looking at him with some hopeful expression on her face while having some look in her eyes that tells him she loves him. 
Jinks look at the King whose eyes is open staring at him and the King speaks “I’m sorry for getting Jinks Montreal kicked out of the King position. Me being a bad loser in the voting election results and wanted the position and was doing anything to get Jinks kicked out.” 
Jinks don’t comment as he stares at the King who continues to speak “I have forbidden the general to marry my daughter while I am alive. I figured out that the general has some non human like characteristic such as making people do things using some voice ability in some compelling voice tone.” 
He frowns as the King speaks “My medical health will take priority from my duties as King. I was going to tell Jinks I wanted to share the King duties with Jinks himself. Mostly till time for a King to be elected instead of holding a special election for a King at this time of the year.” 
He nods his head to the King as if getting the King’s remarks. 
Jinks listen as the King adds “I order Jinks and Katherine to exchange rings.” 
Jinks figures out what the King means by taking off the diamond ring off his chain necklace around his neck and handing it to Katherine who hands him the ring the general takes from him.  
He and Katherine each put on rings then the King adds “I tell you both to hit the bathroom for a private talk for I think you both need to work something out.” 
Jinks doesn’t protest goes into the bathroom with Katherine inside. Once inside he feels an urge to mate hit him hard adjusts his pants and underwear freeing he as she lifts up her skirt and tears part of her underwear which he grabs her hips and lifts her up. He feels her legs go around him as he thrusts her back onto the wall and thrusts himself inside her feeling charges of heightened pleasure hitting him each time he enters her. Jinks feel himself happy to be mating with Katherine while sensing her happy with him doing it. He gives off a gasp sound as he spills inside her while hearing her give off a moan sound. He keeps himself inside her fully up to the hilt while feeling her legs tight around him. 
He hears her sigh of pleasure as he sighs and then hears her say “The general’s voice influence never worked on me when he tried to mate with me. I always managed to resist and get the upper hand against that idiot.” 
He growls some angry sound while tightening his hands on her hips as he feels himself still hard again mates with Katherine and same result which he feels his urge stop. He keeps himself inside her while feeling her hands on his shoulders and he rubs his cheek against her cheek then pulls out to lower her feet to the floor. He adjusts his clothes as she does the same which he hugs her and hears her give off a sharp groan followed by her breathing heavy and her becoming limp in his arms. He lifts her up and carries Katherine out of the bathroom to spot medical personal in the room and an extra bed with equipment there with their faces telling him that their aware of what went on in the bathroom. He doesn’t comment lies Katherine on the bed then goes to the armchair next to the general sitting in an armchair that looks like he’s angry and distracted with something by eyes glaring at the floor. He notices Radley having a hand on the general’s shoulder with some serious expression. Jinks turn his attention to the medics working on Katherine he notices have stripped her of her clothes and shoes and have her dressed in a hospital gown with devices on her forehead and an oxygen mask on her lower half of her face with watches them put a device on her abdomen touching bare skin then lower the hospital gown covering the area. He feels himself tired leans back shutting his eyes and passing out unconscious to wake up by impulse feeling a hand touching his arm. He sees it belongs to the general who is still angry with himself despite the look in his eyes and sees the general gesture to Katherine which he looks to see her abdomen looks swollen with child and he gets up to hold her hand. 
He hears an alarm sound as medics come into the room and tell him “We have to wheel her to another room for the baby for the alarm indicates a problem with the baby!” 
He doesn’t protest as the medics wheel the bed out of the room and he hears the King yell “Jinks to follow!” which he darts out of the room following them. 
Jinks follow them to another room with equipment scattered around it and is handed medical scrubs to put on his form over his clothes which he does and holds Katherine’s hand as medics in scrubs arrive in the room attending to her one lifting up her gown and adjusting her legs while putting hands between them. 
Jinks were ordered “Your ordered to coach Katherine to push.” which he does saying “Katherine push!” as he hears a baby crying noise and hears the medic say “The baby is a boy!” 
Jinks then watches as they put the baby in a plastic crib machine with dials and scanners below it and then turns his attention to Katherine. He notices another medic fix Katherine’s legs straightening them and takes off the device off her abdomen then pulls down the hospital gown while putting a blanket on her form and removes the oxygen mask and devices off her forehead. He holds Katherine’s hand while putting a hand on her forehead rubbing the area resisting the urge to mentally wake her up. He gets urge to wake her up too strong obeys to the urge and she jerks her eyes open to stare at him with confusion in her face. 
Jinks spoke “I reassure you that you had a boy baby. The doctors are working on seeing what can be done to help the boy’s life.” 
He sees understanding in her eyes and feels his hand squeezed. 
He frowns as the medic attending to the baby says “The baby is doing alright but needs food medicine injected in him for a few days to help the boy survive along with lots of feeding which his mother can provide it.” 
Jinks feel a little relieved to hear that as another medic comes into the room with a pole holding a clear bag full of watery like thick liquid in it. Jinks watches them inject it by needle syringe into his son’s back then put on a diaper on his son and wrap him in blankets and give the baby a hat to wear before handing him to Katherine. Jinks let go of her hand and watches her cradle the baby as another medic adjusts the bed for her to sit leaning back. Jinks peers at his son held in her arms to see the baby has his blue eyes when the baby opens them then closes them to give off a wail. 
He comments “I’m recognizing the wail as hungry cry.” as that while seeing Katherine adjusts the hospital gown and blanket to put the baby underneath it to her breast. 
He escorts the bed holding Katherine out of the room to the hallway which they travel to the King’s hospital room and put the bed in there. He sees the King is sitting up in bed eating food from a tray that pauses from eating to eye his daughter on the bed pushed into the room with the bed set next to his. He notices the general in the room still looking angry with he while having a tube coming from his sleeve to a bag holding thick watery liquid on a pole. 
He frowns seeing that as the King he hears speaks “The General has apologized for his actions and at my insisting order submitted to a doctor’s exam where a medical condition called diabetes was found.” 
He listens as the King continues to speak “Radley before he left explained that diabetes is common among his race called Builders. He said was what the general is and mentioned that diabetes can affect Builders’ behavior to act out of character along with desiring a female. Diabetes hitting Builders aren’t easily cured and sometimes hits for life.” 
He keeps his mouth shut as the King continues to speak “The general told me that he’s furious with himself for not seeking medical help in the first place after suffering the first symptom of diabetes. He’s is aware of it from family history of it which was drinking too much water powerful thirstiness that hit him for a few days followed by him feeling irritable enough to act out of character.  Radley told me that there are several Humans that are immune to the Builders’ voice influence ability. I’m told I’m one of those Humans. I’m told that Katherine has a bit of that ability with the ability can be triggered by anything as a defense against Builders.” 
Jinks standing next to Katherine sitting in bed holding their son out from underneath her hospital gown and blanket hears the general speak “Katherine’s ability hit in presence of her daughter whether she’s holding the baby or not. When I tried to force her into mating I held myself back figuring I’m not mean enough to force a woman into mating getting a bad feeling that Jinks would kick my seat very violently enough to put me in the hospital if he found out about it.” 
Jinks gives off a growl sound in an angry tone while feeling he’s not angry but annoyed which he feels Katherine’s hand on his cheek rubbing turns his attention to her who’s frowning as she gently rubs his cheek. He sighs from her touch to stare at her back that she sees seems happy to see him by the look in her eyes despite having a frown look on her face. He pushes his face into her hand and leans forwards to put a hand on his son’s head feeling satisfaction having himself touching his son and Katherine touching him. 
He hears the King ask “What Jinks and Katherine are going to name the baby?” which he speaks “Robert” as Katherine speaks “George”. 
Jinks frown as he stares at Katherine while hearing the King speak “Robert is a good name. There are too many Georges in the family.  I say that that the name should be Robert George Montreal to stop the argument you both appear to be having.” 
Jinks frown as Katherine spoke “I ask you where you came up with the name of Robert?” which he replies “Jinks Robert Montreal.” 
He frowns as he sees understanding in Katherine’s eyes which he adds “Back then I grew up with just a mother and no father. My mother referred my father by the name of Robert when talking about him to me over the years. I used the name as my middle name with my legal name in my mother’s honor.” 
He doesn’t talk more but stares at his son as the King spoke “I ask Jinks to take off the scrubs.” while adding “The press is going to have a field day hearing about my medical condition and about Jinks fathering a son through the King’s daughter in the outhouse bathroom. That includes being married to her I thinking the news will leak out of the hospital because of spies blabbing it to the press.” adds “Chances are the hospital will hold a press conference which Jinks will have to take speaking on my behalf seeing that the General is indisposed to do it.” 
Jinks doesn’t feel happy about that obeys to take off the scrubs and tossed them in a laundry hamper in the room then hears a knock on the door which he looks to see a Highlander walking into the room who speaks “The hospital will be holding a press conference soon. Word getting out about the King being there along with having Jinks as a son in law.” 
Jinks notices the Highlander look a little shocked seeing Katherine holding Robert but he hears that the Highlander’s voice has an edge in it. 
He comments saying “The Highlander is not fully saying anything fully.” which he sees the Highlander grimace then says “Word is out on the street that Jinks’ former wife Victoria is actually dead killed off by assassins who kidnapped her. The word is saying that she was killed because she wasn’t really George Kensington’s daughter but someone else posing as her who actually died years ago from cancer.” 
Jinks heard the King give off “Harrumph!” and the male speaks “I was aware of the deception. I tried to talk my brother out of doing the joke who didn’t listen to me and paid with my brother getting sick with a lung ailment that later killed him.” 
Jinks frown hearing that as the King continues to speak “I thanking the Highlander for telling us that.” and adds “I want to have a private talk with Jinks on something. I mention adding to the Highlander to let us know when the press conference is for Jinks will speak on my behalf.” 
He sees the Highlander frown with eyes narrowed staring at the King before leaving which he figures “The Highlander scanned the King’s mind and figured out what the King was going to tell myself.” 
He folds his arms as the King speaks to him “Jinks should mention that I the King is in the hospital. Jinks should mention that I the King has asked Jinks to share the King duties with me while I attends to my health. When asked about Katherine and Robert by the press just confirm it but don’t talk about them unless asked.” 
Jinks speak “I get it your talk.”
Jinks goes to the arm chair to sit leaning back shutting his eyes and passes out unconscious. 

Jinks wakes up by impulse to see the general leaning over him tapping his arm the male speaks “The hospital is holding the press conference now. Jinks should go talk to them now.” 
He gets up from the arm chair and sees the familiar Highlander is back who he follows out of the room through the hospital to another large room that appears to be an auditorium with two men at the podium microphone in front of them and there’s a crowd of people holding cameras in their hands aimed at the two men. 
Jinks stands next to the men who noticing him speak “The King is in the hospital from discovered brain tumor that was taken out and tested to be malignant. The King is doing fine but will need medication to stop any other further cancerous growths then once in remission will need cancer screening check ups every year for life.” 
He gets acknowledged by one of the men who speaks “The King has asked Jinks Montreal to speak on his behalf.” 
Jinks goes to the microphone as gestured by the men he figures are doctors speaks “The King has asked me to share the King duties while the King attends to his health I have accepted.” ‘
He pauses as someone from the press yells out a question “I’m asking about Jinks Montreal marrying Katherine the King’s daughter and fathering a son with her!” which he grimace inwardly but speaks “It’s true.” 
Jinks then pauses as someone else yells “I’m asking about whether the rumor of Jinks’ former wife Victoria was killed off by assassins who discovered that she wasn’t really George Kensington’s daughter but someone posing as her the actual daughter dying of cancer years ago.”  
Jinks frowns as he speaks “Its true.” and feels like he needs to leave the press room speaks “Thank you no further commentary on my life.” 
Jinks walks out of the room into the hallway while he feels rage controls it to get to the King’s room and once inside blows a tantrum passing out only to come to in a calm mood while hugged by the general speaking foreign language in a compelling voice tone that is keeping him calm is force to a chair and the general releases his hold on him. 
He frowns as the general comments “Jinks needs medicine for blowing his temper which suggests he needs it.” 
Jinks leans back and feels sleepiness shuts his eyes to pass out unconscious.

Jinks dreams of the beach facing Lance speaks “Ajax managed to contact me and figured out that you aren’t Osiris but inhibiting Osiris’s body. I have to add that a Highlander was reading Ajax’s mind at the time according to my power senses. I mentions that Ramses managed to tell the High Council that you in Osiris’s body is a First One version of Osiris the elemental. He warned them that the First One version of the elemental Osiris has powers equal to the elemental Osiris. Along with saying that the son dubbed Horus in Osiris’s body was not interested in correcting the High Council’s assumption of him being Osiris. Hence he leading them to believe that he was Osiris instead of Horus.” 
Jinks frown hearing that as Lance continues to speak “I figured out why you have those great rages of anger that according to Ramses puts you out of it. I figured that their not related to your health but a war move that is part of your fighting abilities. Your sky colored eyes would glow a golden sun color whenever you’re having a rage episode. Your powers are more powerful when you’re in that state.” 
He frowns to feel upset as Lance continues to speak “You being starved for a father figure were able to get out of the rage episode by the general hugging you. That hugging status is one way of stopping you having your rage episode. The stoppage involves a male hugging you along with holding your son or hugging Katherine would help you get out of the rage episode to be in a calm mood-“ 
Jinks heard Ramses interrupt sounding annoyed “I’m not in the mood to transport Horus. Horus is asleep and that medical people and devices are monitoring him at the moment. That the First Ones and other races are getting suspicious about the Meritanians having a transporting ability. I don’t want to confirm that to them by doing any transporting with witnesses and recording devices present to confirm it.” 
He turns his attention towards Ramses who continues with annoyance in his tone “There are people watching Horus along with medical, recording and tracking devices on him that are monitoring him. The suspiciousness of the races is not just First Ones who are trying to use him as bait in a trap to confirm the Meritanians’ transportation ability.” 
He eyes Ramses who’s head is bowed pauses from talking which he again hears Ramses speak “A group of Highlanders considering themselves enemy of the High Council blabbed to the races not just First Ones that the High Council has an interest in Horus. They mentioned to the races that the Meritanians have a transportation ability which the races are trying to confirm by using Horus as bait for the trap they set to confirm it.”   
He frowns hearing that as Ramses gives off “Harrumph!” and hears the Meritanian continue speaking saying “Once the races confirm our transportation ability they’ll be using us to cause havoc among the High Council. Them still being in the mood to fight as in having a war which is something I wants to avoid being nervous of being hurt by the races’ weapons should they attack the base.” 
Jinks frown hearing that as Lance’s hand comes into view forcing his eyes shut. 

Jinks come to find he still in the armchair while feeling no needle prick feelings in his arms which confuses him. He wakes up to feel tapping on his arm to see the hand’s owner belongs to the general. 
He frowns as the general speaks “The King wants to talk to Jinks.” 
He gets up going to the King’s bed that looks serious. 
Jinks listen as the King spoke “I ask Jinks to describe the angry tantrum feelings he gets as in how he feels when he gets them.” 
Not entirely sure of why’s the King is still refusing to refer Jinks in you or your terms.
He honestly explains “It’s like going unconscious along with no memory of what I did during one of my angry rages.” 
He frowns as the King speaks “I think Jinks’ tantrums aren’t related to his health but something else.” 
Jinks frown hearing that as the King speaks “I was told after the doctors found Jinks fine is that the tantrums are a fighting war defense and offense move hitting Jinks and helps him with his survival.”
I frown thinking to myself as I write this “I’m wondering where the King got tantrum idea.”
Jinks refrains from talking to notice that Katherine is gone from the room along with her bed which he frowns forming it on his face. 
He eyes the King who speaks “Katherine is simply having some kind of checkup at the moment. Robert is still in his crib nearby.” 
He hears a wailing noise eyes the crib to hear the King speak “A son wants his parent from the sounds of that noise.” 
He sighs and goes to the crib to peer at his son and feeling weird out like he’s scared or something. Jinks picks up his son and cradles him the exact way Katherine held him and eyes Robert in the eyes to see them turn all black followed by turning back to Human blue eyes. 
He frowns wondering “How I’m going to teach Robert about his power abilities?” finds no answer to his question as his son gives off a cooing noise sounding happy to him being held in his arms. 
He hears a door knocking sound places Robert back into the crib and goes to the door which he yanks open only to get camera flashes in his face by a nurse holding a camera covering her face which he slams the door shut only to get it knocking again. He uses his Master, powers to see beyond the door to find another nurse is there looking annoyed. Jinks yanks open the door and sees two nurses come into the room pushing Katherine on a bed wearing an oxygen mask on her face appearing to look asleep.
Jinks heard from the door knocking nurse “If you’ve seen a nurse going around flashing cameras at people?” which he replies “I have. The nurse flashed her camera at me when I answered the door.” 
He hears a humph from the nurse as the two other nurses leave which the nurse comments “Some tabloid newspaper has paid some nurses money worth too many zeros to take pictures of political people hospitalized in this hospital and give them the photos to be published in the newspaper. Those nurses are being paid extra money for each photo they can get of the people their ordered to take pictures of.” 
Jinks feels annoyed hearing that as the nurse comments “You should be careful answering the door. The hospital still hasn’t found out who those bribed nurses are and has been having trouble finding them enough to kick them out of job along with hitting them with a huge money fine for not doing their jobs.” 
He doesn’t comment as the nurse leaves the room shutting the door which he goes to Katherine to hold one of her hands and notices that the King has fallen asleep by the looks of it. He sighs and eyes the General whose back is to him while peering through the blinds of the window which he figures its nighttime from the looks of the window blind not glowing. He eyes Katherine who remains sleeping which he hears a wail from Robert figures from the noises that his son wants a parent goes to his son releasing Katherine’s hand to pick him up and carries him not wailing to Katherine. He holds his wife’s hand while holding Robert and feels tired eyes the bed to see its large enough to hold him which he gets onto it on his side and puts Robert on Katherine’s front while having an arm around him. He eyes Katherine’s face before shutting his eyes to pass out unconscious to dream of Lance.
Lance speaks “A Human female from my impression suffers some kind of scenario in her mind while a baby is growing inside her. She can hear people all around her including not able to acknowledge them or get out of her sleeping situation till after the baby is born. This is when she’s back in her body taking control.” Adds “The Highlanders’ newspaper Great Written News wound up recently High Council owned and isn’t publicity put in places for people to buy but instead delivered to homes to people the High Council think should get the paper for. A Highlander is playing double agent at the moment giving the King the newspaper to read. The High Council specified that it was to be sent to people they approved of only and that the King isn’t one of those approved people at the moment.” 
He frown hearing that from Lance who forces his eyes shut which he passes out unconscious.  

Brandis adds here “I figured that the memories involving this Jinks Montreal were of a battery with that name that Zerra was manipulating with her jokes again. Not happy with her and joker behavior. All she’s been doing is snickering in my mind while I think of Jinks Montreal’s memories.”

Jinks notices living in the White House that Katherine isn’t very interested in kissing him and seemed to avoid him attempting to kiss her and also notices that she seems interested in Robert than in him. 
He finds that annoying and finds that Katherine seems to be scrutiny him with looks and makes him think “I wonders what’s she’s implying.” 
He doesn’t confront her on that instead one morning while the King is babysitting Robert on the King’s pleading ‘I’m asking to do the babysitting.” 
Katherine told him once alone with him “I insist on you to go to the weight machine room dubbed gym.” which he thinks “The machines are useless.” but finds that Katherine lied when she said “I’m trying to keep my weight down.” but doesn’t confront her on that lying status like an idiotic husband seeking a happy wife equals a happy life. 
He in the weight machine room finds that there’s cameras in there and notices them on arrival by looking at them not caring if Katherine is watching him doing it. 
She’s not helping him with the weight machines instead tell him “Jinks just learn!”
Jinks watch her go to stretch her appearing to be watching him. Jinks goes to a machine and finds that the weights are some kind of computer to program presses the button for numbers in five hundreds and pulls the machine finding it easy for him to do it but no resistance by doing the pulling with one hand. He feels annoyed with the easily pulling programs a one thousand number to find he’s still easily pulling the machine despite how high the number on the computer is programmed for weights. The number hits two thousand and refuses to go up anymore finds himself annoyed for the machines are useless anyway goes to stretch doing his limber exercises noticing Katherine has paused from her stretching to watch him with a frown on her face. Jinks’ stretching exercises is twin to my stretching yoga exercises despite some feeling like Zerra is making me think I’m Jinks Montreal himself as Brandis the Record Keeper. 
Zerra keeps blaring “Wrong in Mongolia!” whenever I think that thought of me as Jinks Montreal.
Not sure what Zerra meant with her saying but I guess I’m not who I’m supposed to be despite Zerra repeatedly saying her weird comment. Jinks wound up ignores Katherine’s staring to get up with a karate move and proceeds to do his karate and drills in it twin to my drills. As he senses Katherine is still watching him but she’s examining the machine he was on which he ignores her and finds her on the machine doing weights. He continues with his karate as Katherine goes on various machines working out with them which he finished with karate eyes her who notices him staring but ignores him. He continues to watch her work out then once done goes up to him to take his hand. 
He asks her “I want to kiss you on the lips. You mind?”
Katherine in response puts her hands around Jinks’ neck and edges her face for a kiss. Jinks obeyed kissed her on the lips sensing no protest from her to hear Lance’s voice saying “Her baby carrier was removed.” and there’s no explanation to why it was removed.
Not so sure of that voiced commentary involving kissing females via Lance’s voice. Jinks still trying to keep wife happy doesn’t confront Katherine on that breaks off the kiss to let her lead him out of the room to take a route to their bedroom.
Katherine spoke “I insist you shower with me!” 
Jinks obey finding he urged to mating with her twice and she seemingly a little shocked by that which he ignores still trying to keep his wife happy by not talking on that subject. What an idiot Jinks is being trying to keep a female happy when he should be equal in that relationship. What a total idiot to be like that wallflower- 
Zerra interrupts “Don’t think of Jinks Montreal like that!”
Anyway I wound up thinking of something else involving Jinks Montreal.
Jinks have a dream one night of Lance who tells him “The son you was tricked in conceiving has passed away result of inherited your sickness and didn’t survive. The female who you mated with wound up carrying another child turning out to be a girl fathered by the male she’s married to. The Master Organization found out about the joke and ordered the male to pay them a million dollar fine threats of them using whatever method to make their lives miserable and put them in jail as a result of blaming them for crimes. 
The male’s wife wound up dominating the relationship by saying ‘I’m insisting on my husband doing the fine paying!’ which their now poorer at the moment.
I have assured them through communications that they’ll live happy with their daughter living together and made sure that the Meritanians manipulated the daughter to have some fighting living spirit despite she being a sick baby has happened and the daughter at the moment is still living.” 
Jinks don’t comment finds his eyes forced shut in response which I remember another memory involving him. Jinks come to one night to sense that Katherine isn’t in the bed and Robert is in the crib wailing away sounding upset. Jinks gets up and goes to his son to get a memory of the General wearing some pajama wear getting into the room and using the voice onto him to put him asleep. Jinks continues to remember the General grabbed Katherine she wearing her nightgown using the voice onto her to come with him while appearing to leer at her in some look he recalls involves mating. He wills the Master through and picks up Robert as if compelled and holds up a hand mentally tracking for the ring Katherine wears only to find he hitting the bathroom and finding the jewelry on the sink counter. 
Jinks figured that his wife took it off to shower due to her telling him “I’ve got fears of the ring slipping off my finger and landing inside the drain in the shower.” despite some drain cover to prevent that. 
He hears Robert giving off wailing noises sounding odd to him and sees that his son has the Master in control which he leaves the bedroom as if compelled still clad in his underwear shorts he used as his pajamas when sleeping in bed. Jinks wound up to find that Robert cries whenever he goes in a direction but stops the crying when he goes in another direction and finds the none crying leading him to a guest room. Jinks hears Robert give off a loud wail noise and hears a loud groaning noise sounding of the Ghost Walker which a name of Aito comes to me.
Aito speaks to Jinks “The General used some compel tone onto me to foot my Master” he refers to Jinks “seat and keep you away from guest room number.  It’s where he went with my Master’s female who seemed to look headachy from the looks of her.” 
He holds up Robert and spoke “I order Aito to take the baby while I go handles the General.” 
Jinks finds his order obeyed along with getting a rage episode to come to hearing the alarm clock blaring in his ear which he jerks open his eyes finding himself in his bedroom with Katherine in his arms asleep and Robert sandwiched between them looking content. He frowns to see that its daylight judging by the curtains glowing sunlight like they always do and doesn’t remember what he did to the General to get Katherine away from him. He figures to himself that he’ll remember it later and gets up starting his day sensing his wife from the groaning noises was more inclined to sleep in bed and eyes her put arms around Robert along with her forehead onto the baby’s side and appears to remain asleep. He doesn’t wake her instead be quiet with his movements and gets dressed.
Jinks leave the bedroom to hear from Aito “If Master remembers anything involving last night suspecting that Master went into some angry state judging by his eyes flaring it.” 
He speaks to Aito “You’re to tell me about this later in my quarters for the hallway has ears and it’s not appropriate to talk about it.” 
He hears from Aito “I’ll be around Master’s female for the day.” 
Jinks hears nothing else from the Ghost Walker goes to the dining room to find the King there appearing to scrutiny him with a look like the male is implying something but isn’t going to say it. Jinks sits and eats breakfast as the King reads the newspapers he finds are always the same three one involving the King himself and one involving the Master Organization and one involving the Highlanders.
Jinks recalls that his father told him “The Highlanders’ newspaper Great Written News wound up recently High Council owned. That newspaper isn’t publicity put in places for people to buy but instead delivered to homes to people the High Council think should get the paper for. A Highlander is playing double agent at the moment giving the King the newspaper to read. The High Council specified that it was to be sent to people they approved of only. The King isn’t one of those approved people at the moment.” 
Not so sure why’s Jinks is remembering this despite already told this commentary. 
He eats his breakfast then told “I ordered Jinks” by the King “to come with me to the office for a daily meeting.” 
Jinks finds the General there that gives him a glare when seeing him which he ignores to find the meeting doesn’t have anything new till an aide arrives and speaks “The mechanic found something like a gonoid underneath the limo. The mechanic doesn’t have anything to lift the car to free the gonoid. The gonoid is stuck into the engine from underneath from peering from above and can’t get it out. The gonoid sounds like a cat in distress from the sounds of it.” 
Jinks exhales a breath hearing a snicker from the General which he ignores only to get asked by the King “I’m asking Jinks Montreal on his strength ability hearing him lifting humans regardless of how they weight by one hand. I want to know if he can lift up the limo for the mechanic to get the cat out of the engine from below without yanking out the engine from above to get the gonoid out.” 
He hears a cough sound from the General but ignores and speaks “I’ll see if I can lift the car. I want to know why the cat didn’t get itself out when it smells food. I having that done before on trapped cats in engines. The food always gets the cat getting itself out.” He frowns as the aide speaks “The mechanic told me that the cat sounded in distress from the repeated meowing and isn’t getting itself out by use of food methods. This balking suggested that the gonoid is stuck and needs help getting out.” 
Jinks groans and speaks “I’m going to do that now before an excuse to use the limo arrives.” which he hears from the King “I want to see this.” 
Jinks doesn’t complain to that goes outside to meet Katherine on the way dressed and holding Robert which the King overheard “I order Katherine to come along.” hears from the male telling her “Jinks is going to lift a car freeing a trapped gonoid cat that’s going on which outside.” 
Jinks sees the limo and the mechanic to hear a cat yowling from the car which he sighs recognizing the yowl as Snowball and figures “From the General’s snickering that he manipulated the gonoid to get trapped into the engine.” 
Jinks goes to the car and lifts it up by the side finding he strong enough to do it and lifts the limo up with both hands till its side is at a height reaching his waist.
Jinks hears from the mechanic “The cat is Snowball from the looks of it.” and hears from the male “The cat got her collar stuck onto part of the engine and is trapped because of it.” 
Jinks hears a loud yowl then a meow sounding content and feels cat head rubbing his ankle which he hears from the mechanic “Your to put the car down gently. I just replaced the tires.” 
Jinks obeys to stand with arms folded and eyes the King who appears to scrutiny him from the looks of it but frowns to notice that the General looks like he’s nervous from eyes showing it. Jinks goes to Katherine putting a hand on her shoulder sensing her stiffen from the touch and hears Robert give off a wail. Jinks frowns not recognizing the noise sound from the baby to find Katherine hugging him abruptly with the baby sandwiched between.  
He eyes the King who speaks a comment “Interesting.” but doesn’t say anything else in response to this ridiculous situation.
I wound up remember further annoying behavior by the General still targeting Katherine as his female to mate with.  I remembered that Jinks wakes up in bed alone as if compelled. Jinks figures that the General has Katherine again gets up going to Robert to find the baby on his stomach which he turns around and finds that the kid isn’t waking up instead remains asleep despite his efforts to wake him up. Jinks puts Robert back into the crib and darts towards the bedroom door to find his hair grabbed from behind from Aito sounding threatening in some growling noise. 
Jinks finds his efforts to remove Aito meet failure wills the Master through and mentally spoke “Body electrical charge up now!”
I think he wound up to get the Ghost Walker to remove his hand and finds he attacked repeatedly by Aito despite his body charging of electricity as what’s its called. 
Jinks felt compelled to roar gave up the noises to hear a groaning noise from Aito who speaks “Sorry Master, the General pulled that voice stunt onto me again ordering me to keep you from leaving the bedroom.” 
He gave up a growling noise halting the electrical charge as Aito continued “He used the voice onto you to get you to talk on how you found him in the guest room. 
You were heard saying ‘I used Robert to find you.’ 
He proceeded to put asleep then yanked your female out of the room after giving me orders.”
I’m surprised that Aito is using that you and your wording towards Jinks despite not using it at first. 
Jinks spoke “Drat that General and his obsession with my wife.”
He heard from Aito “Your gonoid is at the door Master, sounding like she wants to come in.” 
He growled an annoyed sound and went to the bedroom door yanking it open to hear a meow from Snowball which he looked down at her to see she was standing in a direction looking at him and the direction she was standing. He sighed and figured that Snowball would lead him to the General followed the cat a route and found her leading him to the gym room where he practiced that combative art movement exercises. He frowned as Snowball once reaching the room’s door got her paws on his foot and meowed in some tone that sounded like his Master’s voice tone to him which he sighed figuring out that the cat wanted him to use his powers instead. He obeyed to peer into the room and found the General and Katherine out of sight which he got the door ajar and heard his wife’s angry voice sounding like a Builder using some compelling voice tone in foreign language while hearing the general speaking in identical language using a compelling voice tone. 
He felt stiffening as he heard Katherine’s voice and realized “She’s partially Builder from the sounds of her hence the General’s obsession towards her. The General was a Builder itching to find a female.” 
He felt annoyance take hold as he felt himself rooted in the spot outside the door and frowned as he felt Snowball not around and figured that the cat had darted inside the room from the open door. Jinks eyed to find his hunch incorrect by the door’s opening looking too small to admit a cat. 
He frowned listening to the noises inside the room to hear the General give off a loud “Yeow!” sound and heard Snowball’s angry yowls along with the male giving off repeated “Yeow!” and comment “Get the cat off of me!” in Summeran language. 
Jinks frowned to find the scene changed to discover himself back into his bedroom which he sat on the bed’s foot as if compelled and felt he not inclined to get up or move. Jinks eyed the door to the bedroom with a glare while folding his arms feeling himself annoyed with the Meritanians for the transporting and interference. He glared at the door which his senses blared as the door opened showing Katherine who shut it and locked the door and halted her walking seeing him with some nervous expression forming on her face. 
Jinks spoke sounding firm “Admit it the General’s obsession with you now.” 
He gave Katherine a glare who spoke instead of Summeran language but foreign language using some compelling voice tone and found himself getting up going to his side of the bed and getting underneath the blankets and shutting his eyes as if compelled to sleep. 

Jinks dreamed of he handing Robert to Aito and darting down a hallway going into the guest room from the looks of it using Master powers to get the door open and darting inside to see the General on top of Katherine while hearing the both of them using Builder language in compelling voice tones back and forth. Jinks continued to dream of himself yanking the General off Katherine lifting up the male by hand on the throat gagging him and punching him in the stomach while sensing himself watched by Katherine and another presence. 
He kept dreaming of himself hearing Katherine using Builder voice ability onto him “You’re to toss this idiot out the window smashing it!” 
Jinks obeyed then turned around to find the King in the doorway that flared golden eyes in his direction like a Builder. Jinks went to Katherine and yanked her from the bed along with yanking her out of the room passed her father who didn’t follow. He kept dreaming of himself getting himself and Katherine into their bedroom to find Robert floating in the air in the rocking chair took the baby from Aito and got himself in bed with Katherine which he wrapped arms around her and his son and shut his eyes. 

Jinks continued to dream of he waking up from bed sitting up to face the General who spoke using the Builder ability onto him which he heard himself speaking “I used Robert to track you by him not crying in a direction indicating on where you went.” 
He saw in the dream the General speaking Builder ability lengthy then grabbed Katherine out of bed who looked out of it which he laid his form down and appeared to fall asleep which he came to from the dreaming to hear the alarm blaring in his ear. He jerked open his eyes to find himself spoon fashioning Katherine who gave up groaning noises but sensed her remain asleep which he got up and went to Robert who was awake wailing his hungry cry noises. He sighed sensing the Master in control willed it away and picked up Robert going to Katherine adjusting her form to sit up which she woke up flaring golden eyes at him making him frown seeing that as her eyed look went away and she took the baby from him. He watched Katherine breast feed Robert and saw her looking at him with a frown which he leaned over her and kissed her on the lips feeling like needing to do it.
Jinks again heard Lance’s familiar voice talking “Her baby carrier has been removed.”
Jinks ignored to continue kissing his wife sensing her kissing him back by her lips moving to his lips’ movements. Jinks broke off the kiss to stare at Katherine in the eyes seeing she was still frowning and had nervousness in her eyes. Jinks kissed her on the forehead and got up from the bed going to the closet to pull out clothes while hearing a snoring sound from within along with sensing Snowball hiding in there from his senses blaring whenever the cat was near him and not seeing her in sight. He sighed and put on the clothes on his form and brushed his hair then left the bedroom going to the dining room to find the King there again reading the newspapers that looked up in his direction before resuming reading. Jinks went to eat his daily meal finding himself needing to eat and how hungry he was feeling which he forced himself to take his time eating the food and taking in the drink of orange juice. 
He once done leaned back with a soft sigh and eyed the King who put aside the newspapers and the male spoke “Katherine just prior to meeting you came to the Oval office having some kind of ring on her finger. She indicated an engagement as hinted by her in my presence to a male who hasn’t been identified at the moment. I’m not sure who she was dating actually. She had been known to hit onto numerous males from the moment she turned sixteen and was given permission from me to date men. She kept up the man targeting obsession onto staff members regardless of their ranking serving underneath me.” 
I frown hearing the male’s words referring Jinks as you and your commentary instead of his name. 
I heard as the King kept talking “Katherine like her cousin Victoria seemed to have some kind of fan obsession towards you. I managed to find out without her knowing of it soon after you were publicity elected governor of the state of New York. I’m not sure how she started her obsession towards you or not. She didn’t share the obsession with me and recently admitted it when questioned in private during one of our traditional walks in the garden. She has refused to tell me why she was obsessed with you or what you did to get her interested to become a fanatic enough to having you as hers and bore your offspring.”
He frowned forming it on his lips as the King cleared his throat then spoke “The only clear clue to this obsession’s origins involved Victoria overheard bragging to Katherine after my daughter was given permission to date she’ll have a male she dubbed hunky looking as her husband once she was old enough to get married. Also later on my daughter and her cousin have been overheard from time to time getting into arguments involved who’s marrying a male they have refused to say who he is instead have hinted that his name was unusual and that he seemed to be well known among the public. I didn’t find out who this male was till after you were discovered engaged to Victoria. How I found out was Victoria or the woman posing as her got word to me that she was engaged to you. 
Katherine acting angry hearing that engagement news and speaking some comment of ‘Not fair he should have gone to me instead.’ that’s when I figured out the obsession.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut in response as the King gave off a sigh sound then continued talking “The obsession was further confirmed by reports of Katherine hitting onto men who have some appearance twinning towards you as in mostly the hair length and not staying with them long enough to announce to the public that she was dating them. Also Katherine was later told after your election to the white house of the deception of my brother having a woman posing as his daughter and the lady encouraged to target you enough to get married. She was overheard saying that she’ll do what it takes to have certain things happen and refused to expound on what she was talking about.”
I frowned hearing that as the King continued talking “My interests in the Highlander based newspaper Great Written News is some masked Highlander wearing black clothing got a hold of me while I was walking in my home and handed me the newspaper then disappeared in flash of light.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing the King’s words as he figured that the High Council manipulated the King hence the newspaper handing as the male kept on talking “There was an article in the newspaper that detailed some humanoid with no hints of male or female using voice talent abilities onto Highlanders to admit who they were and what group they were belonging to. Some members of a group not identified were found out and told everything about the deception my brother pulled onto people using some female to pose as his daughter. The woman was encouraged by my brother to pursue you as her husband. The newspaper detailed that the Highlanders were voice ordered to kidnap this so called Victoria and scan her mind to see who she really was which was done along with ordered to kill her if she was proven to be someone else than the real Victoria which was also done as well.”
He stiffened hearing that as the King gave him a glare and stopped talking which he figured that the male wanted him to speak spoke “Interesting hearing that, Sir. I was fooled as well and didn’t seem to be aware of the deception when this so called Victoria pursued me. She was quite a bit heavy doing the pursuing as in blabbing to the tabloids she later admitted that to me that we were seriously dating and an engagement was imminent. I managed to put her off till I ran for governor. My aides at the time insisted I make the relationship a reality saying it would make me look good to the public despite lagging behind in the polls by large numbers to my opponent who was married and had children himself and using his status of marriage and offspring as reason why people should vote for him. That married with children status is what people were saying to my spies as reason why they would vote for him.”
Jinks sighed and then continued talking “I confess that during some public fundraiser for me in Albany is when I made the relationship a reality and public by going up to Victoria in front of others there and presenting her a diamond ring I have been wearing via necklace around my neck and asking her to marry me in front of the others there. She accepted the proposal. I also must add that a week later after the engagement was made public is when polls by my spies showed me and my opponent in dead heat for the governorship position. This continued till Election Day is when I was officially elected for the position by a narrow margin but it was good enough to have me declared the winner. After that I managed at the urging of my aides had a very public wedding to Victoria in a Master Organization church hiding as some other religious church. The wedding was broadcasted within the state and seemingly elsewhere due to reports of other states’ news agencies filming the event.”
He saw the King bobbed his head seeing he wasn’t surprised with what he said as he added “Victoria for some unexplained reason soon after marrying me put me off mating with her repeatedly and always seemed to balk my efforts to do that ritual to her. She managed to tell me awhile after being married when I told her that I was thinking of running for the King position that I had permission to cheat on her with other women for sexual urges but I was to keep the cheating under wraps. I kept myself from doing that cheating. I was underneath public scrutiny very hard via Master Organization. My opponent in the governorship election turned out to be a poor loser was reportedly telling the tabloids vary nastiness information about me. An example is of being some womanizer and that my marriage to Victoria was a joke. His spies told him that the public weren’t interested in voting for me because of my status as a single male. They became interested in me soon after news of my engagement was public.” 
Jinks paused from talking to give off another sigh and then continued speaking “I finally got to mate with Victoria soon after my father in law passed away but it turns out someone with an obsession towards me had his wife pose as her. I mated unknowingly of the deception and it created a son from that. The stunt backfired onto this guy. My poor health undiagnosed at the time caused the son to live only for a short time frame which he passed away. Its not the first time someone with an obsession with the Master and vessel of Lance Richard tried to get the vessel at the time to father a child through their female. This stunt happened twice successfully but other times the deception was quickly found out before any offspring could be formed and the person who pulled that whether their, a member of the Master Organization or not was punished harshly. I have to confess that this stunt has been playing onto me since I started running for public office. I managed with sometimes help of others to find out the deception and prevented any offspring from forming from mating rituals despite me mating with females happening. Also the Master Organization frowns very harshly on that stunt which if it was proven successful. Happened once to another vessel by a female seeking to gain money by how reported wealthy off the male was. The group would hit the person who played the deception with some kind trash their reputation stunt to get them either in jail or paying some huge money fine and offspring taken away to be raised by someone suited for that job in the Master Organization.”
Jinks stopped talking to frown staring at the King who spoke “Admit it, Jinks. What the Master Organization did to the female you mentioned that successfully got an offspring off a vessel? I like to know anyway.” 
He frowned hearing his name spoken from the King spoke “Well from what I know this was before advancement of expectant statuses turning from nine weeks of carrying to twenty four hours of carrying. Anyway some female poor in money pursued the vessel back then and successfully got expectant with his son and when she was reportedly showing sued the vessel in court for child support payments. Some local state law saying that fathers of offspring had to pay females child support payments regardless of them married to the females or not. I admitted that once I was in your position I had that law stricken down reports of females targeting males well off in money pulling that stunt of getting expectant with their offspring and suing them for high priced child support payments. The judge supported the females each time they sued in court going their way which happened repeatedly over and over. Fortunately the judge in the vessel’s case back then didn’t go for that female’s demand for high priced child support payments instead set the price at a lousy estimated five hundred dollars per month along with orders to the female to back off suing for more money or he’ll issue her declared unfit to raise her son and have him adopted out. It turns out that the judge was a member of the Master Organization and his ruling was made public which other judges followed suit half the time towards females and males in court when it came to child support payments.” 
He stopped talking to frown staring at the King who spoke “And what happened to this son in question hmm?”
He sighed and spoke “Records of him given the name of Kanny weren’t kept very well detailed for me to know of this, Sir.”
He frowned as the King spoke “Actually do you by any chance know this female’s name in question?”
I heard an edge in the male’s voice tone that told me the King was hinting on something as I recalled the female’s name fully in my mind as Jinks spoke “Records say her given name was Cecelia being raised in foster homes but she used multiple aliases when living in the state of New York. She used the name of Julia Jones when she met the vessel and sued him in court. I didn’t pursue the matter it wasn’t that interesting to me and that people in the Master Organization didn’t share the information very well detailed with me but only used vague information when it was apparent I was a target of a similar stunt by another female. The offspring was avoided created and the woman thrown in jail for prostitution which she was found guilty of.” 
Jinks clamped his mouth shut as the King gave off an Hmm sound followed by speaking “Interesting Jinks for you proven an answer to a question regarding someone among the staff members displaying suspicious behavior.” 
He frowned hearing that to hear nothing else from the King but told “Your to come with me to the oval office.” which he obeyed following the male to the office to notice the General giving him a golden eyed glare.
The eyes remained their color and glaring to his annoyance despite the male not saying any thing to him during the meeting which he found nothing seriously to interest him. Jinks once dismissed from the office left and found himself followed by the General still flaring golden eyes and a glaring stare which he halted his walking and was compelled to mentally order the Master through. He exhaled a breath and turned around to find the General had stopped walking and was still glaring at him with a golden eyed glare. 
Jinks spoke “Something you want me to know of hmm, talk verbalizing your words on what it is now? Stop with that evil eyed look for I’m not a mind walker and can’t get it what you want unless you talk.” 
Jinks glared at the General recalling his selected General and staff members were replaced by other people by the King after he was put in position with him thrown out by accusations of cheating due to his connections to the Master Organization. He heard from the General the male speaking foreign language in some compelling voice tone and stiffened as a headache arrived within him followed by the man stopped talking which he grimaced shutting his eyes as images came to his mind. He saw clearly within his mind his situation regarding the woman named Julia Jones and her suing him in court due to expecting his son. He continued to remember the judge an apparent member of the Master Organization siding with him in the case and kept up to date on the son dubbed Kanny till the kid was declared a legal adult and information stopped abruptly with nothing said about him but a rumor going around that he had some kind of Builder voice ability to manipulate people to do things along with gonoids known to be friendly with the male. Jinks grimaced from the headache hitting him as he recalled fully in his mind that Human males don’t have an ability to grow their hair longer than an inch from their skull. He stiffened as he recalled the General’s blonde hair was longer length below shoulder by the hair pulled back in a braid having that along with realizing that his Human male off springs always had an ability to grow their hair longer than normal Human standards as he continued to realize what the male was trying to tell him hence his angry attitude aimed at him.             
Jinks stopped grimacing to speak loudly while opening his eyes eyeing the General “You by any chance know of this kid named Kanny some vessel of Lance Richard fathered? I haven’t heard much about him since he reached legal adult status except some rumors going around. I suspect you know the actual story so talk on him now.”
He narrowed his eyes glaring at the General he assumed was his son Kanny who spoke in Summeran still flaring golden eyes “The kid in question was raised with no contact from his father and only by his mother who neglected him half the time. Her obsession to gain money wealth from men richly well off in money. She from what I know pulled the stunt of giving Kanny a brother and a sister from two different men using different disguises towards the men which some judge wasn’t fooled by that instead had the men pay some lousy estimate five hundred dollar child support payments a month towards her raising their kids.”
Jinks kept his face the same hearing Kanny quote his words to the King as his son continued talking “One of the men in question wound up suing her to gain control of Kanny’s brother. He seeing the kid as his heir to his money which he won his case and the brother was taken away along with his sister put in foster homes with no contact from either sibling to Kanny himself. Kanny’s mother in question turned to prostitution to pay for her lifestyle while ignoring Kanny himself and got jailed as a result. Kanny once a teenager contacted the Master Organization about the neglecting issue on his father. His father for some reason didn’t seem interested in caring for him. Kanny was adopted by some grandparent couple who raised him and threw him in some military branch group once he was finished with school. He wound up staying with that group due to the couple passed away and willed their things and money to charity leaving him with nothing. Kanny’s attempts to contact his father via the Master Organization were put off by various excuses said by various people of the group who indicated that Kanny was something shameful and embarrassing to his father who was currently in the public eye and didn’t need a scandal to tarnish his reputation.”
Jinks frowned inwardly as Kanny kept talking “By the way the King figured out who this Kanny was from doing a background check and pointing it out to me for security reasons. The King said that he’ll get the information confirmed by you hence his questions aimed at you that were overheard via recording voice devices in the room broadcasted in the office to staff members. This Kanny in question was alerted of this and isn’t in a good mood due to hearing it along with hearing what’s said between you and the King himself. I must warn you that Kanny when told of this said to the King that the vessel had some deathless status ability along with appearance remaining the same and claims that you and his father back then are the same person along with claiming on being neglected by people of the Master Organization due to how bad his childhood was along with his life as a legal adult.” 
Jinks frowned as Kanny stopped talking followed by compelled to will he to charge of electricity. Jinks obeyed hearing grunting noises along with blinking his eyes to find the male in front of him inches away appearing to be attempting to punch him in the stomach. The General receiving pain from that fisting from the grunting noises heard. He frowned as a light show was seen showing an older male seemingly familiar and having short blond hair wearing clothes that seemed familiar and having a cane in right hand grab Kanny by the throat by left hand who appeared to gag while speaking foreign language in a compelling voice tone and saw them both disappear in flashes of light. 
I kept getting the name of Barry whenever I think of who I’m trying to identify this male grabbing the general appearing to play a joke trick onto Jinks involving Kanny his son. 
I do hear Zerra saying “Don’t focus onto that joke teller spoilsport Barry! Just focus onto Jinks Montreal now!” 
Needless I obeyed to recall Jinks frowned as he saw the scene changed to find himself back into his bedroom with Katherine lying in bed asleep who remained asleep. Jinks felt compelled to stop the electricity, remove his clothes and obeyed along with getting into the bed spoon fashioning her and shutting his eyes passing out unconscious to dream of facing Lance who had an all black eyed glare making him nervous. 
He stiffened as Lance spoke “Jinks, drop thinking of that Builder titled by General as your son when he really isn’t period.”
He frown hearing that finding his nervousness gone as Lance continued talking “You will remember the exact story involving your son Kanny period once I shut your eyes.” 
He didn’t comment a response as Lance forced his eyes shut. 
I saw via Jinks’ memories that he was stiffening of shock as memories came to his mind.
I wound up recalling Jinks competing in tournaments for karate. That’s where some woman identified as Julia Jones actual name of Cecilia Goldberg came onto him in some rude sexual manner. The rude sexual manner involved kissing him on the lips and draping herself onto Jinks despite he sensed disgusted and annoyed with that but powerless to remove her. 
I recalled that Cecilia blabbed to the local press people there catching them kissing with Jinks not saying anything “We are boyfriend and girlfriend.” 
Jinks appeared to be an idiot involving females letting them dominate him instead of sticking for he. 
I recalled a memory involving his son Lance Knight back then saying “I insisted that you accept that fact of this boyfriend/girlfriend pairing.” 
I’m not sure what’s Jinks’ reaction to that talk is but I continued to remember that Julia got into his apartment he lived in mysteriously. He found out she got through by hacking his basement door locks due to finding them broken and injected him with a drug when he woke up to find her there and passed out to come to feeling like he mated and she gone from his apartment. I continued to remember that Julia at a tournament days later publicity picked a fight with him and made it seem like they broke up for good. Jinks felt he relieved to not have her as his girlfriend due to being more interested in another female to pursue a relationship with. 
I frowned remembering that a month later a Highlander saying “I’m a lawyer representing McBroom and Associates.” showed up at his door “I must inform you that a Julia Jones was expecting and fingered you Jinks Montreal as the father of her baby. She’s suing you for child support payments in a high thousand dollar price.” 
I continued to remember it was what Jinks said to the King, the judge an actual member of the Master Organization revealed to him later, sided with him and ordered a low price for child support payments along with threatening “Julia Jones, you’re to drop suing him or I’ll have you declared unfit to raise your child.” 
Weeks in Human calendar days later was born turning out to be a boy dubbed by the nickname of Kanny despite birth name of Julian Goldberg. I remembered clearly that Lance Knight kept him informed of Kanny’s childhood even meeting the child from time to time at karate tournaments without his mother there. His mother wound up as a prostitute and was later caught along with jailed for that it was illegal in the state of Connecticut. I continued to remember that he was kept tabs on Kanny being raised by Lizette his daughter who adopted the child legally, with her only child Takemura as siblings also trained in karate. Both boys having them compete in tournaments for belts till his son was a legal adult which the tabs was stopped.
A member of the organization told him “Your son joined the Human’s military corps.” 
I recalled fully that it was the truth that Human males can’t grow their hair an inch from their head despite seeing longer hair lengths from Kanny and male children of Lance Knight and Lizette as Jinks came to hearing the alarm clock blaring. He jerked open his eyes to discover himself stripped of his underwear shorts and Katherine straddling him while naked looking at him with some wild look in her eyes. He frowned eyeing her as she got a hold of his sensitive part making him feel itching to mate. Jinks willed away the Master as if compelled and brought his hands to her breasts her not protesting to it and fondled the nipples. 
He didn’t protest as she removed his hands and spoke “No uh, Jinks let me have my way.”      
He heard the firmness of her voice tone obeyed putting hands behind his head and eyed her ogling her breasts as he felt her examine his sensitive part by hands rubbing all over it making him feel hard enough to mate. He rolled his eyes as she guided him inside her and felt her hands on his shoulders as she rocked him. Him getting charges of pleasure hitting each time he entered her and jerked from an intense charge hitting him as he spilled inside her while feeling her collapsed onto him. 
Jinks felt himself still hard removed his hands from behind his head and rolled them both over while hearing her shriek his name in some nervous tone “Jinks!”
He eyed Katherine in the eyes as she looked at him with nervousness which he spoke “Alright I admit it I don’t mate normally like a Human male does only once. I mate more than once. My body system requires that period so get used to that, love.” 
He saw the nervousness stop from sensing it gone from Katherine who eyed him in the eyes with ranges of emotions as he mated with her, him doing the work as she lay there staring at him back. He collapsed on top of Katherine as he spilled himself inside her and adjust his position to keep his weight partially off of her while eyeing her in the eyes seeing her shut them with a frown forming on her face and continued to eye her seeing her face turn into a grimace then back into a frown back and forth. He felt annoyance take hold within him figured that the General mated with her hence her nervousness with him on top along with her expressions on her face forming despite her eyes shut to make him give off a loud growling sound. 
Jinks got Katherine’s eyes open which he halted the growling noise and narrowed his eyes aimed at her as he willed the Master through and she spoke “Alright I was in a relationship with a male the General himself who pursued me quite heavily starting with my father announcing his candidacy for the King position. I managed several times to put the General off but he managed to abuse his voice talent ability onto people to encourage me to accept having a relationship with him. I know of this due to overhearing him use it onto people who tell me to have the relationship period. My father for some reason unexplained to this day disapproved of the relationship and reportedly balked the General’s attempts to ask for my hand in marriage blessing. The General managed to get an engagement ring onto my finger and told me to tell my father off that I was marrying him period. I went to my father in an attempt to tell him that I was stalked by the General which I wanted his help to get the male out of my life. For some reason I wasn’t able to say anything to my father who appeared to be too busy to listen to me and seemed distracted with the job of forming a new staff to work for him in the White House.
I overheard my father said ‘Montreal’s own staff would sabotage me enough to kick me out of position in retaliation of me doing that kicking out status to him.’
Jinks kept his eyes onto Katherine who’s eyes met his eyes and she kept talking “I got desperate to remove the General and out of marrying him.
I used the excuse ‘I’m to shop for a wedding dress.’ to him and told him ‘You can’t see the dress till we was in presence of a priest to marry the both of us.’ 
He fell for that excuse judging by letting me go out to travel around the city alone with a bodyguard without him escorting me as he normally does when I travel around. I managed to ditch my bodyguard by getting myself lost in a crowd and putting on some headgear to hide me and wandered around thinking of my situation and struggling to think of a way out of it till I was approached by three Highlanders who apparently read my mind. The Highlanders got a hold of me and into a van blindfolding me and then dumped me in front of some religious store building.
One told me ‘You’re to go inside period!’ and said it in a threatening tone. 
I obeyed and saw the van drive away. I went inside to find my bodyguard there looking annoyed who recognized me despite the disguise which one of the religious people there wearing some weird outfit I later learned was part of your Master Organization group status came up to me.
That person whoever they were thrust a book into my hand saying ‘Book was already paid for.’ without saying whom actually paid for it. 
The bodyguard in question managed to get me out of the store and into the vehicle and ordered it home and told me ‘Your to read the book period!’ with some tone that suggested that the book was very important to me.”
He kept his face blank as Katherine paused to bring hands to his head running them through his hair as she continued talking “The bodyguard used the excuse to the General at meeting ‘The crowd was too hostile towards Katherine appearing to support Mister Montreal and recognizing her as the King’s daughter.’ 
He was insisting on that excuse hence I not having any purchases on hand other than the book. 
The bodyguard said ‘One of the crowd members gave the book to Katherine saying the book was already purchased and that the person appeared to have sympathy towards her. That person warned me to get Katherine out of there in some hinting tone due to the hostility became sensed.’ 
The General took that excuse fine and didn’t question it and left me alone for awhile. I read the book in one of my periods of being left alone by him at night time to discover that the contents didn’t match what was blared on the cover. I removed the jacket to discover the book was something else and indicated someone wanted me to know some information without people knowing of it.” 
He felt himself getting hard again unexpectedly from being still inside Katherine as she paused which he figured that his mating urge was from his body system reacting from being inside her for a time period and making him want to mate again. 
Jinks sensed Katherine seemed aware of his mood by her eyes narrowing and she speaking “The book turned out to be some biography on the Master Organization and led by some deathless male who had facial appearance to their deity lord Lance Richard. There was a campaign picture of you included in the book as if thrust in it likes a bookmark.
A note in black ink scrawled saying quote ‘Pursue him period!’ in my father’s handwriting. 
I haven’t been able to talk to my father in private on the subject of me acquiring the book and the bookmark included. The General has reportedly hasn’t allowed me to be alone with my father without someone present to report to him on his voice orders of our conversation.”
Jinks gave up a thrust motion thrusting himself fully up to the hilt inside Katherine while hearing her sigh loudly followed by her adding “My father during a meeting of acquiring you to the White House by force in my presence used the exact words on the bookmark after giving out the acquiring order. He used a familiar parental voice tone when he said those words along with me sensing that he seemed to be aware of something I wasn’t sure what it was. My father soon after the General was ordered to leave to retrieve you in a private talk in the gardens.
He told me ‘I order you to ditch the ring on your finger. Katherine, you’re to stop going around like you was engaged as some excuse keeping suitors off of you.’ 
He told me ‘I didn’t approve of you dating male members of my staff.’ 
He when he said his words seemed to hint that he knew something and refused to say what it was. I obeyed to his parental order and gave him the ring the General had me wear. 
The General after he came back seemed furious to hear of this when I told him willingly ‘My father was onto you, didn’t seem to find you suitable as a son in law hence his words to me.’ 
The General for some unexplained reason backed off pursuing me and didn’t seem to do anything when it was obvious I was interested in you and you doing the same including not doing anything to prevent us mating that created Victoria.”
He gave up two thrusts movements and stopped once fully inside her as she kept talking “Jinks, the General stopped his back off attitude abruptly and pursued me despite me married to you in some ceremony but a license wasn’t signed to make it official. 
He claims ‘I voice ordered Victoria to die.’ in some braggart tone.
I had her tested and it turns out your undiagnosed sickness got inherited to her and despite doctors’ efforts she passed away from it.”
Jinks gave up a glare aimed at her feeling himself become angry as she spoke “Jinks, the doctors say that it was a good thing Robert was born in a hospital. They caught some sickness identifying it as malnourishment and fixed him up. He’s out surviving doctors’ predictions towards him being a sick baby and seems to indicate that he has some kind of fighting spirit that is keeping him alive and living longer than sick babies in his situation. This is shocking the doctor after each examination and giving him the medicine he needs to survive despite me feeding him.” 
Jinks without a comment felt his angry mood stop as he thrust in and out of Katherine while seeing her form a far away look in her eyes and feeling her hands go to his cheeks to remain there as he spilled himself inside her and felt his mating urge stop which he pulled out without her resisting. He adjusted his form sideways onto the bed as she did the same and heard Robert’s wail sounding like he was hungry to him. 
He heard from Katherine “Robert is a big eater judging by how long it takes for him to get nourishment from me along with repeatedly giving off his hungry cries after like fifteen minutes since he’s last feeding. He keeps pulling onto me despite given medicine too. Humph! The doctor finds that odd that Robert is like that due to knowing sick babies in his situation aren’t big eaters instead have to be force fed a certain amount of nourishment just so that they’ll live.”
Jinks sighed and without a comment got up from the bed and went to the crib to Robert who continued to wail his hungry cries. He picked up his son who kept on wailing and carried him to Katherine seated in the bed and handed her the baby who took him and watched her breast feed him while keeping an eye on the clock to find his son’s sucking seemingly lengthy about twenty full minutes till the baby stopped abruptly. He frowned as Katherine adjusted Robert onto her shoulder and patted his son’s back who gave up a loud burp sound then held him cradled in her arms while looking at him instead of their offspring. 
Jinks frowned as Katherine spoke “You see what I mean regarding Robert? He’s a big eater. It’s going to take about fifteen minutes as usual timed before he starts crying to be fed again which has been happening over and over. He usually stops that feed me attitude when he has to sleep which I timed him sleeping just to see how long he snoozes. He has managed to sleep for three hours straight every time before waking up to pull that feed me attitude again. The doctor isn’t sure why Robert is doing that attitude but encourages us to let our son do that attitude.
The doctor told me ‘The attitude is helping him survive from being sick. He has awhile to go before being declared healthy enough to not need any medicinal help.’”
He frowned to hear a door knocking sound and Katherine adding “Jinks cover yourself with something will you and ditch the eye look. I don’t want you going around without clothes to other people except to me only and flaunting that eye look should be used for in defense in fights or in presence of a member of the Master Organization.”
He sighed willing away the Master while hearing the door knocking become insisted which he went to a dresser and yanked out a bathrobe putting it on his form covering his naked status then went to the door hearing from Aito abruptly “Smells like a Human and not that bad mad Human who dubs himself General.” 
He frowned and went to the door unlocking it and yanked it open a bit ajar to glare at a male he recognized as one of the King’s aides there who spoke sounding nervous “Sorry, sir, but the King is requesting you to a duty which is your to meet him in the dining room each morning for breakfast at seven thirty in the morning sharp. He also says that you’re free to do whatever you like around here as long as you do the duty as requested.”
He continued to glare at the aide who looked at his time piece and at him before adding “Its six forty five in the morning on my watch, sir. Excuse the early morning wake up but the King put in his request this morning to the staff at six thirty and we’re just alerting you of this sir.”
He didn’t comment a response slammed the door shut in the aide’s face and locked it before giving off Humph sound to sense Katherine behind him which he spun around looking at her clad in her nightgown. 
He eyed her heard “Hmm seems like my father is testing you. He did that request to a male I was dating for awhile when he was governor of California. The male didn’t last long doing that request instead dumped me using the excuse that he couldn’t handle the pressure of the public eye onto him due to dating a political figure’s offspring. Humph turns out my father was testing him like he’s been doing towards males I date as he held the governorship position along with when he campaigned for the King position. Seems like my father is up to his own testing trick again due to that he has put me off wanting to make the marriage official by license signing as the law states for marriages.” 
Jinks groaned softly hearing Katherine’s words as she added “Jinks, my father won’t do this request forever. My father did stop doing a similar request onto a male I was dating in high school after he gave me permission to date but we wound up breaking up when the male went to an out of state college and found someone else which he’s currently married to at the moment from what I heard.” 
Jinks didn’t comment a response as Katherine added “So go shower and get yourself presentable looking. My father has expected males I date to look presentable when doing that request he asks them to do. He has managed to break up several relationships due to males not looking presentable and getting them to dump me from what I was told by another staff member after I whined about being dumped repeatedly.” 
He didn’t say anything went to dump the bathrobe into the dresser then hit the bathroom showering thoroughly and once done went to dry his hair by hair dryer then went to the bedroom getting himself dressed into business wear black clothes and added a metal tie with a blue stone attached and made sure his hair looked neat as he eyed Katherine seated on the bed holding Robert looking him up and down. 
He stood with a frown as she spoke “You look fine, Jinks so good luck.” 
He didn’t say a word left the bedroom hearing a meow from Snowball in the hallway and sensed the cat following him as he went to the dining room and found the King there reading the newspaper which he found food ready for him to take in. 
Jinks sat and took his time eating and drinking the nourishment then once done leaned back eyeing the King who spoke looking at him “You look like a Texas mobster with the clothes and tie uniform.” 
He spoke as the King became silent “You’re the first person, Sir, to honestly tell me what my clothes and tie make me look like. People haven’t bothered to say it in my face. They’ve been saying that I look fine despite me asking them. By the way I wore this uniform you call it when I ran for Mayor of New York City and not one person was honest on how I looked like in my face.”
He folded his arms as the King spoke “Interesting but what’s with your hair length and styled like that? It looks ridiculous.” 
He spoke recalling why his hair was like that “That’s my status as vessel of a deity lord in the Master Organization. The group has rules regarding males who declare themselves vessel of their deity lord is that they must have a Human appearance with face and eyes twin to the deity and hair longer than normal Human male standards at a certain length for that declaration.”
He kept his arms folded and met the King’s eyes staring at him back as the King spoke “Does these rules include unusual eye color change and unnatural strength for a Human to have?”
Jinks recalled the Master Organization’s rules about what the King said spoke “The Master Organization used to have rules about vessels having the eye change and whatever unnatural abilities as requirements but dropped it when it obvious that those abilities were found in various too many males in the group despite not having appearances twin to their deity lord. They put in rules emphasized on males’, declaring themselves as vessel of their deity lord, appearance hence my status, Sir.”
He heard from the King “Tell me who is they you’re referring to making these rules anyway?”
Jinks spoke from memory “The Master Organization has some version of the High Council that rules the group but they do take leadership orders from declared vessel of their deity lord at the moment its I who leads the Master Organization by giving out orders for the ruling council to pass down to members.”  
He got a Humph from the King who spoke “What are your feelings towards my daughter despite her being the mother of your son?”
He recalled his feelings towards Victoria his deceased wife to sense himself feeling the same towards Katherine to speak “I love her. She makes me happy.”
He clamped his mouth shut as the King’s eyes narrowed flaring golden before the gold look stopped followed by the male speaking “How’s Robert doing at the moment anyway?”
Jinks heard an edge in the King’s voice tone spoke recalling what he was told by Katherine about his son “My wife informed me that Robert’s a big eater which my son proved that when he was being fed by how lengthy he feeds. I also was told that Robert has some kind of always hungry feed me attitude and keeps doing that over and over with some breaks to sleep. Katherine says that the doctor encouraged us to let Robert to do that attitude saying its helping him survive to be declared healthy which is probably going to take awhile for that to happen.”
He clamped his mouth shut and frowned as the King again gave him a golden eyed glare before stopping the golden eyed look followed by the male speaking “Alright Jinks, I admit it. I had General Kennidis fired from his position just prior to your arrival to the office yesterday. I ordered him to leave the grounds immediately based on his inappropriate treatment towards my daughter and various people around here.  Yesterday an hour after the firing, the staff members reported seeing an apparent older male wearing some odd black clothing with golden eyes seen with a cane in hand hauling Kennidis by hand on the throat out of the White House and got into a van driven by an apparent masked Highlander. The vehicle’s license plate was taken down as it took off. License plate turns out to say that the vehicle was stolen and owned by some musician group reporting it. I’m still awaiting word of sightings of Kennidis by people who reportedly were friends with that fool.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut stiffening hearing the King’s words as the male continued talking “Besides I took the liberty of getting someone into the General position. I believe his name is dubbed Gold and he’s ordered to be at the office for debriefing by me once I’m there. I also insist that you show up for that debriefing and flaunt your unusual abilities to him just to see how he’ll react which we’re going now.” 
He got up after the King got up and followed the male to the office sensing Snowball following behind him and once inside despite senses blaring abruptly saw a Human male wearing the General’s uniform having short black hair that gave him a feeling of familiarity by the blue eyes staring at him intensively. 
Jinks frowned as the King went to sit at the desk and the male spoke “General, introduce yourself to my proxy.”
He eyed the male who spoke sounding familiar “The name is Daniel Goldstein nicknamed Gold which I prefer to be referred around here unofficially. My rank in the army is General but leadership is for an army group in New England area of the mainland.”
Jinks frowned as he heard from Ramses sounding in his mind abruptly “A certain somebody says that he’s the one he wanted you to remember about.”
He saw Gold he assumed he’ll call him eyes narrow aimed at him followed by the male speaking “The Meritanians are talking to you sir. I can detect them saying something to you.”
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak “They were reminding me of something I forgot about regarding this person named Kanny as mentioned by the King in a conversation.”
He clamped his mouth shut to see the General’s eyes narrow with suspicion in them as he heard from the King “General, what do you know of a group dubbed Master Organization?”
Jinks eyed Gold who spoke “Plenty and too well detailed sir. I grew up raised by one of them a member of that group. This Jinks Montreal standing here is the declared vessel of Lance Richard and leader of them.” 
He didn’t comment a response as the King spoke “So explain to me how the Master Organization runs and include its ruling bodies.” 
Jinks willed the Master through and narrowed his eyes in a glare at Gold who met his eyes in an identical look turning all black in response figuring out that he was Kanny his son. Jinks signed the shut up command and finger spelling the name of Kanny towards Gold who stopped flaring the eye color with blue eyes having a look in them he recognized from his offspring Lance Knight and Lizette would look at him with. 
He glared at Gold who spoke “Sorry sir but that information is classified.”
Jinks folded his arms and shifted to glare at the King who looked at him some glaring look that suggested that the male was aware of what was going on between him and Gold he figured he’ll refer him instead of the name of Kanny.
He eyed the King who spoke “Well report on what’s going on now.” 
Jinks felt compelled to bow his head shutting his eyes obeyed frowning when he heard nothing sounding to him but silence and sensed that it seemed lengthy before compelled to open his eyes and raise his head which he obeyed. 
Jinks frowned as the King spoke addressing him “Why don’t you go to the garden and take a look around along with exploring the place inside as well? There’s reports that the whole time you held the position, you never bothered to visit the gardens surrounding the White House instead stayed inside and didn’t do much exploring despite people insisting on giving you a tour which was refused.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath and without a comment left the room which he took a route to outside into the gardens to see the sun was partially up which he wandered around pass men wearing army gear standing around holding guns that saluted seeing him. He ignored them and wandered to near a cluster of bushes in sight of an army man and frowned sensing himself filmed while hearing the bushes rumbled along with growling noises heard that sounded odd to him. He eyed the bushes to see a large gonoid walk out that had traits of both a tiger and a large dog appearing to be a German Shepherd Dog that proceeded to charge towards him along with getting its mouth onto his shoulder which he felt a stinging pain along with some sucking like noises heard. Jinks struggled in vain to remove the gonoid that refused to budge despite using Master’s powers and hands on it. He spoke “Help me!” comment unsure of it out loud or mentally and felt sleepiness along with gunshots sounds and liquid felt on his form. 
Jinks shut his eyes to pass out unconscious to come to facing Lance who gave him a narrowed all black eyed look. 
Jinks frowned sensing he nervous as Lance spoke “The High Council must have gotten some document involving me and that gonoid that attacked you that are known to suck water from humanoids and gonoids hence you being filmed abruptly and put to sleep in the process.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut in response as Lance continued “I believe the High Council’s document is very well detailed enough to figure out that the gonoid is a weakness when it comes to putting me down for awhile.”
Jinks spoke “How did the High Council get those gonoids attacking you documented anyway?”
He saw Lance jab a finger at a direction which he figured was pointing at the Meritanians as his father folded his arms and spoke “The Meritanians blabbed about those gonoids attacking me back then something the High Council recorded. They keep records of the Meritanians’ talk back then regardless of how silly it is which they have kept up the habit and are still doing it. I’m surprised that the Meritanians haven’t complained about that recording habit yet.” 
He heard Ramses’ familiar question abruptly felt his eyes forced shut to pass out unconscious to come to finding he lying in bed clad only in his underwear while feeling a hand shaking his shoulder that felt like it belonged to Katherine. 
Jinks felt himself too tired to bother waking up rolled over mumbling loudly “Let me sleep I’m too tired.” 
He got in response was Katherine’s hand still on his shoulder shaking him. Jinks jerked open his eyes and rolled over to stare at her standing next to the bed clad in her clothes. He frowned as she spoke “Jinks since you’re laid up for awhile would you mind taking care of Robert’s feeding duties? I managed to get a good amount of nourishment for Robert into bottles held in the fridge that’s plugged next to the bathroom door. So please take care of him. I need a break from him or I’ll go crazy so please help me with him.” 
He sighed and spoke “Fine Katherine I’ll take care of him.” 
He got kissed on the lips by her in a quick move and then she broke it off speaking “I set the clock alarm to go off whenever Robert makes any noises so be prepared to get up and feed him.” 
Jinks sighed and without a comment watched her leave which he rolled over and threw the blankets over his head shutting his eyes passing out unconscious which he came to hearing a ringing noise. Jinks jerked open his eyes finding himself in the High Council’s throne room held in a sagging standing position by the Hawk head guards’ clawed hands felt on his arms along with noticing Anubis standing nearby with ears flat on top of his head. 
Jinks sensed the Master in control gave the High Council a glare noticing that their speakers were back in their spots as Shad spoke sounding of sarcasm “Well, well Horus what do you have to say about being fed off by a certain gonoid that the First Ones have dubbed by this ridiculous name of Tee Dee?”
He kept his mouth shut in response only to hear from Anubis loudly whispering “The High Council asked you a question so answer now or else it’ll be worse for you.” 
Jinks narrowed his eyes and felt his mood foul along with tiredness hitting as he spoke “I don’t have anything to comment about that gonoid Tee Dee its called except I want to go back to bed and sleep.” 
He yawned loudly to prove his point as Onya spoke “Hmm interesting-“
He heard Ramses blaring in his mind interrupting her “Actually High Council a certain offspring belonging to Horus dubbed by this weird name of Robert is wailing very loudly and from mind scans is demanding something to feed off and won’t stop the noises till its demands are met.”
Jinks heard nothing more from Ramses as Shad spoke “Humph perhaps we should give this Robert poison just to shut it up-“
Jinks interrupted “You leave my son out of this now! I forbid you to lay a hand on him-”
He felt a hand clamp over his mouth cutting his talk as he sensed it belonged to Anubis and glared at the High Council as Shad spoke again “Or you’ll what Horus? Care to tell us how you plan to keep your son from us harming him hmm?”
He kept his mouth shut in response as Anubis’s hand was removed but kept the glare as Onya spoke “You’ll do what we say regarding your offspring being kept alive by help of the Meritanians repeatedly scanning this Robert’s mind and waking him up to get the nourishment he needs despite his illness status.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut sensing her words were the truth as she kept talking “There’ll be a time when we will call you to us to do a favor in exchange for helping your offspring live despite an illness status so remember this and don’t even mention this to anyone else or our help to this Robert ends period.” 
He continued to keep his mouth shut as Shad spoke “Ramses transport Horus back now.” 
He felt hand holds off of him to blink his eyes finding himself in his bedroom in the White House while hearing Robert wailing away sounding like he was hungry to him. Jinks eyed the bathroom doorway then his eyes traveled off his left to find a big brown box he figured was the fridge which he went to it and yanked open the door to find two rows of full milk bottles inside which he took one and went to Robert. He lifted up his son who stopped his wailing sounds but gave up some slurping noise which he sighed and went to the bed to sit leaning back against the padded headboard while sitting on the pillow. 
He thrust the bottle’s nipple into Robert’s mouth that squirmed in response which he spoke still sensing the Master in control “Robert, suck it your nourishment will come out believe me.” 
He eyed Robert to feel the squirming stop along with sensing his son was getting his nourishment by the baby shutting his eyes and eyed the bottle to see its liquid was going down till all of it was gone and removed the bottle putting it onto the dresser. He recalled Katherine doing some method of getting Robert to burp copied her patting his son’s back gently while having his son’s head over his shoulder and heard a burp noise from the baby. He sighed and got up from the bed and went to the crib putting Robert in it only to hear a wail noise from his son that sounded like something else than feeding to him. Jinks frowned but picked up Robert who stopped wailing to coo once held in his arms which he sighed figuring out that his son wanted him to hold him. He went back to the bed and leaned against the headboard adjusting the pillow till his back was on it. He sighed and adjusted the blankets till they were covering him from the chest down. Jinks adjusted Robert till his son was laying on his front on his chest and heard cooing sounds stop and sensed the baby had fallen asleep. He felt himself tired adjusted Robert till his son was safely leaning against his front with no sliding off or falling off if his arms released their holds and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to abruptly feeling Robert gone from him while seeing the lamps was on in the room with the curtains not glowing of sunlight. He got up with a start darting towards the crib to find Robert inside sleeping away and from senses cued to his son seemed had passed out to sleep getting his rest from repeatedly demanding nourishment all the time. He frowned to hear the bathroom door open to look seeing Katherine walk out clad in her nightgown while holding folded clothing in her hands that paused to look at him before moving to the dresser to put away her clothes before going to him hugging him abruptly. He didn’t comment a response to her hug leaned his chin against the side of her head and sighed loudly from her form pressing into him. 
Jinks heard from Katherine “Humph, I thought I was being driven crazy by Robert’s repeated demands for feeding and felt like needing a break. I only stayed away for an hour till the urge to be with our son got too much and I went back to here. Hmm I confess I took a picture of Robert and you together sleeping before our son woke up demanding to be fed. I let you sleep instead of waking you up to feed him.” 
He frowned hearing Katherine’s words as she continued to hug him which he placed his hands on her back gently rubbing the area feeling like needing to do it and felt her hug become a little tighter in response. 
Jinks sighed again loudly and heard from Katherine “You want to explain why my father told me that your sleepiness hitting you for three days was a result of being sucked by a Tee Dee gonoid seen doing that sucking to you before it got shot dead just to get it off of you?”
He sighed softly and spoke “Actually your father suggested to me in a meeting that I go out and explore the gardens and the White House. Some claimed report of me not doing that the whole time I held the King position and refusing people’s request to give me a tour either. I went out and wandered around till that Tee Dee gonoid you call it came out of the bushes abruptly and fed off of me. I passed out from that and woke up from you requesting me to take care of our son which I did that.” 
Jinks clamped his mouth shut in response as Katherine removed her head to stare at him in the eyes which he looked back in response as she spoke “Could you remove that look whatever you call it from your eyes now?”
He obeyed willing away the Master and heard a door knocking sound loudly which he sighed and broke off the hug and heard from Katherine “Let me handle this, this time. It’s probably my father for he has been paying visits while you were out asleep from the Tee Dee’s attack even while receiving medicine for it.” 
He folded his arms as Katherine went to the door and opened it a crack peering out and saw her yank it open wider showing the King dressed in pajamas and a bathrobe over it who walked inside that gave him a narrowed eyed look which he refused to flinch from the glare as he heard the door shut behind the male. 
Jinks eyed the King who without a comment went to Robert to peer and heard from the male “You want to explain why my grandson was seen flaring that odd eyed look I’ve seen from you?”
He spoke recalling the Master abilities inherited from him to his other offspring “The odd eyed look ability you call it is inherited from me.” 
Jinks clamped his mouth shut as the King gave him a golden eyed glare followed by the male speaking “Oh does that include those special abilities you’ve been flaunting to people such as mentally choking someone and those rage episodes of yours including very strong strength?”
Jinks spoke recalling what he learned of his other off springs’ abilities “The special abilities I have has been passed down but not as strong as I am with them. The offspring does inherited strong strength but not that strong enough like I am like I said. Also the rage episodes I have haven’t been seen passed down in offspring and seemed to be stuck with me.” 
He eyed the King who stopped flaring golden eyes followed by the male speaking “You sound like you have other offspring than Robert here.” 
He exhaled a breath and then inhaled to speak “Actually Sir I’m older than I look having some secret reported deathless ability to outlive normal Human life spans. I have appearance remain the same regardless of aging something my previous off springs to Robert didn’t seem to inherit judging by them aging and one of them passing away years ago.” 
Jinks clamped his mouth shut seeing the King’s eyes narrow with suspicion in them followed by the male speaking “Hmm interesting. You want to explain your actual reason for pursuing the King’s position due to reports that it involved the Master Organization publicity labeled a cult?”
He spoke recalling Lance’s excuse for him to pursue the King position fully in his mind “Boredom Sir. I had nothing to do and no purpose other than being some worshipful object for members of the Master Organization some quite fanatic with that worshipping behavior that kept me out of doing things like a normal being.”
He kept talking noticing the King’s eyes flare golden “The pursues of the King’s position was giving me something to do plus I found out that I helped other people’s lives when I was in government positions. Such as the New York City Mayor position where my predecessor wasn’t doing anything to help people live better in the city and making people want to move out and live elsewhere. Once I won the Mayor position I cleaned up New York City’s mess by making it better enough for people to want to live there including making it easier for people to travel around in the city regardless of on foot or transportation something my opponent that held the position wasn’t doing. I also made the city seem worth it to people to travel to there for vacation or touristy things while I held the Mayor position.”
He stopped talking to frown as the King stopped flaring golden eyes followed by the male speaking “Interesting anything else regarding pursuing the King position?”
Jinks heard an edge in the King’s voice tone which he figured that the male knew something and wanted him to admit it. 
He spoke “I’m not sure what your implying Sir. So help me out here.” 
He heard from Katherine in response “My father is indicating that he wants to know what else the actual reason was for you pursuing the King’s position. This wasn’t fully known when background checks were done on you when you and my father both ran for the King position.” 
He sighed softly and spoke “Alright I ran for governor due to that it was reported that a Mayor couldn’t be elected for the King position as said by some law ordered by a previous King. I ran for governor after I fixed up the mess in New York City when it was obvious that the city could handle itself without my help anymore so I went to that position. Also my first act as King was to strike down a law involving women suing men for child support payments regardless of them married or not due to having that happen to me something I didn’t want to have happen again. It was personal choice that influence that strike down along with making a law that either gender could sue each other for custody of the offspring along with the judge alone deciding if there’ll be child support payments included or not. I’m surprised that you haven’t been kept abreast on what I’ve been doing as King hence you asking me Sir. So I shared my secret so share yours.” 
He heard in response was Katherine using the voice in some foreign language and felt compelled to go to the bed and go lie in it asleep which he obeyed to his annoyance throwing the blankets over his head which he dreamed of Lance who looked at him with blue Human eyes. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “The Meritanians blabbed that Guard Kensington and his daughter are partially part of a Humanoid species dubbed Builder by the High Council that are known to control people and things by speaking a specialized language in a compelling voice tone either together or alone.” 
He spoke as Lance paused “That sure explains why Mr. Kensington flared golden eyes to me with no explanation given. Am I right that the golden eyes part of the Builder species?”
He heard from Lance “You’re correct on that assumption on the golden eyes bit. Unfortunately according to the Meritanians they managed to transport this Ghost Walker Aito into the High Council’s home base which Anubis and guards captured him and had him put in some sleep status like what happened to Dalton and the others.” 
He gave off a soft groan and spoke “What’s with the High Council’s interests in putting Dalton to sleep anyway?”
He frowned as Lance spoke “Actually Dalton from overhearing the Meritanians’ talk seems to have some powerful mind walking ability to manipulate people. From what I know of the Ghost Walkers that raised him they trashed the High Council to him very firmly and now he won’t serve the group regardless of how they threatened him hence they putting him down to sleep. It seems that they saw him as a threat and contained him asleep as a result. This sleeping status is something the High Council does to people with special abilities that refused to serve them and seemed to be threats to them.” 
He frowned as Ramses’ familiar question was heard felt his eyes forced shut to hearing a yowl in his ear that sounded like Snowball to him which he sat up with a start while again hearing another yowl. He looked around the room with a frown and heard the alarm clock blare its noises which he reached a hand and shut it off along with noting the time of six thirty in the morning. He sighed while hearing a groan from Katherine off his right which he took a look at her seeing her roll over back to him while again giving off groaning noises. Jinks recalled the King’s order of meeting him for breakfast at seven thirty in the morning got up from the bed and went to the crib to peer at Robert he saw was sleeping. His senses cued towards his son indicated the baby had passed out and was sleeping which he sighed and went into the bathroom to shower. 

Jinks came out fully in the buff to notice Katherine sitting up in bed holding Robert in her arms while appearing to be feeding him. He didn’t say anything instead went to get some clothes on his form putting them on along with the silver metal tie and brushed his hair. He went to Katherine and kissed her on the lips a quick kiss that didn’t protest to that and then rubbed a hand on Robert’s forehead that was still sucking away. He left the bedroom sensing Snowball following him who kept up the following to the dining room which inside he found the King there reading the familiar newspaper that looked in his direction then resumed reading the paper. He sat and ate the food along with drinking the drink due to finding himself terribly hungry and once done sat leaning back in the chair and eyed the King with a frown who he saw was reading Master’s Herald. 
Jinks frowned as the King lowered the paper and spoke “Some interesting information came upon me this morning. What do you know of species dubbed Builder hmm?”
He spoke “I heard that their humanoid looking.” 
He cut himself off as if compelled and clamped his mouth shut and eyed the King with a frown who spoke “Interesting anything else?”
Jinks spoke “Ah I think these Builders have the ability to control people and things using specialized voice talents whatever that means regarding my source said it to me.” 
He frowned forming it on his lips as the King spoke “Hmm who would this source be anyway?”
He spoke “Actually I receive talk from the Meritanians from time to time whenever their in the mood to broadcast their words to me and they have said various things some that seem like they want me to know things.” 
Jinks sensed his senses blare warning from behind him as he heard a male voice speaking gibberish using a compelling voice tone and blinked his eyes to find the King had resumed reading his newspaper and figured to himself that he was Builder manipulated which annoyed him. He felt annoyance take hold as he narrowed his eyes towards the King who ignored him staring at him while reading the newspaper. 
He continued to stare till the King stopped reading and looked at him while speaking “Which reminds me there’s a meeting today about the guards reporting the motion sensors going off last night in the garden early this morning. I like to know what they found due to that they said they would report it to me then.” 
Jinks grimaced inwardly sensing the King had lied as the male added “Well let’s get going anyway.” 
He got up and glared at the King’s back while following him to the oval office and once in the hallway leading to the doors willed the Darkness through despite creepiness feelings felt and an itchy feeling on his back in one spot. 
He once inside the office noticed Gold standing near the doors who spoke loudly sounding like using a compelling voice tone while speaking in Summeran “You will see the aide standing next to the desk as me the General and your son Kanny.” 
He eyed the aide a male who nervously looked at him as he stood in front of the desk eyeing the King that sat down and again heard from Gold still using the voice tone in Summeran “You will bow your head and shut your eyes and not hear anything said in here.” 
Jinks obeyed to the command finding it wasn’t taking effect onto him but figured it was best to obey to the order. 
Jinks heard from the King loudly “You find any other information about Jinks Montreal that I should know of?”
He stiffened as he heard Gold’s voice speaking in Summeran without the compelling voice tone “Why should we look it up on a computer when we can do is use the voice talent onto him to speak whatever information we should know anyway?”
He felt himself getting angry hearing that but willed himself to stay still along with keeping himself calm. 
He heard the King speak “Actually I prefer the public’s view on what they know on Jinks Montreal for now. What are the weight results on the limo Jinks lifted up to get Snowball out? I expect results to be known by now.” 
Jinks heard Gold speak a number making him feel shocked followed by the male adding “That’s how much the limo weights sir. He broke an American record involving weight lifting unofficially when he lifted that vehicle up.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as the King’s voice was heard “Humph according to my own eyes he didn’t seemed winded after he did the lifting job on that limo compared to other Humans known to be acting like that after they attempted lifting record breakers.” 
He frowned inwardly as Gold’s voice was heard “You want me to use my voice onto him to say what other offspring he has? Public records I warn you aren’t saying anything despite the Eli hacking into birth records and still haven’t found anything to back up his claims.” 
Jinks heard from the King “Do it anyway. I like to know what offspring he has other than this Kanny anyway despite some rumor going around that some man with some mental illness with that name is claiming him as his father to people.”    
He stiffened of shock hearing that as Gold’s voice was heard using a compelling voice tone in Summeran speaking “Jinks, you will admit the names of your offspring born before Robert now.”
He spoke feeling himself compelled to do it “Lance, Lizette, Kanny, Nathan.” 
Jinks claimed his mouth shut feeling annoyed with the compulsion feeling despite the Darkness in control as he heard from the King “Gold you didn’t specify what sort of names he should have spoken. We need last names included for the Eli to find those offspring of his.” 
He again heard from Gold using the familiar voice tone and language “Jinks, you will speak the first and last names of your offspring born before Robert now.”
He found himself obeying to his annoyance speaking “Lance Knight, Lizette Knight, Kanny Knight, and Nathan Baxter Junior.” 
Jinks frowned hearing himself omit some of his children twice despite compelled to speak the names of his children as he heard from the King “You got what he said recorded?”
He heard a male voice speaking “Yah I got it but the Eli will be confused on the last name of this Lance, Lizette and Kanny due to that name is spelled with various uses.”
He again heard from Gold “Jinks you will spell the last name of Lance, Lizette and Kanny now.” 
He found himself obeying spelling out the name then cut his talk once again hearing the familiar male voice speaking “Yah I got the information.”
Jinks felt himself annoyed as Gold’s voice was heard omitting the compelling voice tone “Anything else sir you want to know I can get Jinks to talk on?”
He heard in response “No that’s an enough so get him out of here and have him go to the bedroom he’s sharing with my daughter now. I have enough of this stunt anyway.”
He heard Gold’s voice ordering him to raise his head open his eyes and leave the room going to Katherine’s bedroom which he found himself obeying as if compelled and once out in the hallway in front of the bedroom door stopped walking and rubbed hands onto his forehead yanking at his hair in the process. Jinks snarled some growling tone willed away the Darkness to get senses blaring which he ignored and walked into the bedroom feeling he angry and ignored his senses again blaring as he hit the floor space between the bed and crib falling into a perfect split. He proceeded to do his stretching exercises finding his mood still not good and swung himself up doing karate drills and sensed himself spied on in the room which he looked halting his motions to see Katherine seated in a rocking chair holding Robert while wearing apparent exercise clothing on her form. He eyed Katherine who frowned staring at him back which he looked away and proceeded to do his Kata in the black belt rank and once done omitted the bow to stand with arms folded sensing her still staring at him. 
Jinks eyed her in response as she got up and went to him thrusting Robert while speaking “Please handle Robert while I go take a walk.” 
He took Robert while sensing an edge in her voice tone eyed her leaving the room and quickly put his son in the crib mentally ordering him to remain sleeping then darted towards the bedroom door yanking it open a bit in a quiet move along with willing the Darkness through. He peered out to see Katherine jogging down the hallway which he watched her disappear around a corner and darted behind towards the corner to shadow her repeatedly till she reached the hallway leading to the oval office and was forced to remain at the corner despite guards standing in hall. He eyed Katherine who went into the oval office unstopped by the guards then he darted back to his bedroom slamming the door and growling loudly. He stormed to the bathroom door yanking it open and stepped back staring at the mirror eyeing he in it. 
Jinks spoke after willing away the Darkness finding himself look fine and not what the King claimed “Texas mobster eh? You were insulting me you bastard. Strike one for that insult. Strike two for manipulating me via voice orders of a Builder. Strike three I’ll kick your seat very violently if anything I think is insulting happens to me.” 
He glared at himself in the mirror and slammed the bathroom door shut with a loud bang sound and heard Robert giving off his wailing noises sounding like he was waken up from the noise. He groaned and stripped himself of his clothes and shoes till he was clad only in his underwear shorts and put the clothing and footwear away in the closet. He went to Robert still wailing away sounding of wanting a parent to hold him which he obeyed to the noises sounds and sensed his son calm down to sleep while being held. Jinks groaned and went to the bed getting into it thrusting the blankets up to his chest as he sat leaning back against the headboard with pillows on his back. He adjusted Robert to lean against his front and made sure his son was in position to not get off of him regardless of holding him or not. 
Jinks felt sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of Lance which he snarled out finding himself angry “I’m footing that bastard Guard Kensington’s seat and I don’t give a damn how I’m doing it.” 
He found to his annoyance Lance putting hands on his forehead and front and found himself in a calm mood as his father flared all black eyes making him nervous. 
He stared at Lance who spoke “Strike three, touch Guard Kensington in some violent way, his daughter Katherine will not have anything to do with you or let you have any say in Robert’s life. I got that straight from Katherine herself when I talked to her about you possibly doing something violent towards her father. She really is a devoted daughter towards her father with some rebelling when it comes to involving you. She has repeatedly blocked her father’s attempts to remove you and have you out of her life using various methods to keep you.” 
Jinks frowned as Lance he saw willed away the all black eyed look followed by continuing speaking “Katherine accurately figured out from your angry behavior that you were manipulated via Builder voice orders and that you were aware of the manipulating went to her father to tell him off on doing that stunt onto you.” 
Jinks formed a frown on his face as Lance kept talking “Oh I warn you that Guard Kensington will be testing you in various ways involving your mental and physical abilities. Be warned he will keep up with insulting you even doing that insulting behavior in front of Katherine’s presence. Another warning is he might be able to get you to retaliate by attacking him along with using the attack as an excuse to get you out of his daughter’s life on a permanent basis regardless of what she says to him.” 
He spoke as Lance paused “What’s with him pulling this insulting behavior towards me anyway?”
He frowned forming it on his lips as Lance spoke “Actually that’s due to how protective he is towards his daughter. The insulting behavior is an old habit he’s been pulling towards males who court Katherine just to test how well they are devoted towards her and make sure their not really using her for furthering their own gains regardless of her status as an offspring of a political figure.” 
Jinks didn’t comment as Lance forced his eyes shut which he came to hearing the alarm clock blaring its noises groaned loudly sensing Robert gone from him and adjusted his position to lie down while keeping his eyes shut. He felt a hand shake his shoulder he sensed was belonging to Katherine in some insisting move which he jerked open his eyes and shifted to stare at her standing next to the bed that straightened up her form with arms folded. 
Jinks frowned seeing Katherine’s eyes were flaring golden of a Builder look as she spoke “Spill it, Jinks, what’s your personal feelings regarding my father and his treatment towards you? So talk now.” 
Jinks groaned loudly and got Katherine’s facial expression turning into a glare which he spoke “His treatment has gotten to the point that I’m willing to cause violent harm towards him but I won’t due to knowing you won’t stand me doing that to your father anyway.” 
He frowned as her facial expression remained the same as she spoke “And care to tell me how you knew you were manipulated by voice talent orders of Builders and displayed that knowledge recently despite not doing it due to that my father admitted he pulled that stunt onto you repeatedly?”
Jinks groaned softly recalling him using the Darkness and how he felt using it and spoke “That knowledge was from me using some creepy mental ability I hate using which makes me immune to Builder voice orders hence me aware of this manipulating.”
He clamped his mouth shut and sat up still eyeing Katherine who spoke “And what’s with the eyes seen flaring all black look I’m seeing from you and Robert as well?”
Jinks spoke “That look is the result of me activating mental abilities to manipulate people and things very strongly. I can still do a part of manipulating without that look but its only limited to finding a certain object I have an attachment to.” 
He folded his arms and stared at Katherine who’s facial look remained the same followed by her speaking “And what object is that you have an attachment to?”
He eyed her left hand to spot the familiar diamond ring on her ring finger which he spoke “It involves the diamond ring you’re wearing. I can find that thing anywhere regardless of you wearing it or not.”
He saw Katherine shift her left hand into view appearing to be scrutinizing the ring then lowered her hand to resumed folding her arms and speaking “And admit it Jinks what’s with the very strong strength anyway? An example of is you lifting up a limo to free Snowball from the engine and appearing to not be winded by that by witnesses seeing you doing it.”
Jinks sighed softly and spoke “That strong strength is because I’m a deity. Robert will inherit that anyway like my other offspring have been known to inherit after tests were done on them.” 
He frowned as Katherine spoke “Are you sure of this deity business?”
Jinks spoke “That deity business is from multiple encounters with people in the Master Organization group treating me as some worshiping object years ago before I ran for political office. That’s how I came up with that deity view anyway and I’m still seeing myself as that anyway.”
He stared at Katherine who kept up her facial expression as she spoke “The movements you did in the weight room and in front of me in here what were they along with the limber ability anyway?”
He spoke “The movements were karate I practice quite religiously and stretching exercises to keep up my limber status. Also the obsession with karate and limber status got passed down to my own offspring who proceeded to do the same thing as well. I aim to see that Robert does karate once he’s old enough to learn.” 
He eyed Katherine who spoke “And anything else you want to admit that I should know of?”
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak “Check your records, Katherine, you’ll find a tournament world karate champion with the same name and appearance twin to me years ago. I’m not kidding when I say that Jinks Montreal back then is me actually. I’m not the age I appear to look but way older than that anyway. And yes I seemed to have some deathless ability to out live normal Human life spans with appearance remaining the same regardless of how long I’ve lived anyway.” 
He eyed her as she spoke “And the names of your offspring before Robert?”
He groaned out “Lance Knight as in medieval knight born first then his sister Lizette to the same female that was married to another, through trickery and manipulation. Her husband in question was a Master Organization high ranking member who couldn’t conceive offspring through whatever method and had me mate with his wife twice which created the two children I fathered with her. I later had a son Kanny that was born through some manipulating of some female trying to get money from me and he was later adopted by Lizette due to her full grown status and able to take care of him despite him being a baby. I also had another son named Nathan Baxter Junior who was born to a female while she was married to someone else. That offspring’s existence in question was a result of that female raped and tortured by another male. I helped her heal from that by letting her mate with me but we didn’t use protection when that happened and Nathan was conceived as a result.”     
He clamped his mouth shut thinking to himself “I think I’ll omit mentioning Ajax and Michael anyway. No sense in getting the High Council mad at me for mentioning either one of them.”
He frowned to stare at Katherine who spoke in gibberish using the voice talent and found himself lying down as if compelled and shutting his eyes.  He found himself passing out unconscious only to come to hearing the alarm clock ringing. Jinks found himself spoon fashioning a groaning loudly Katherine, jerked open his eyes and raised himself up shifting towards the alarm clock to shut its noises seeing the time was six thirty in the morning. Jinks heard nothing more from Katherine as he shifted to eye her noticing she was clad in her nightgown and appeared to be more interested in sleeping than waking up due to the alarm clock’s noises. He frowned and kissed her on the cheek getting no reaction from her on that and got up hitting the bathroom figuring that he’ll shower. 

Jinks came out in the buff to find Katherine feeding Robert which he ignored her eyeing him as he got clothes and shoes from the closet and put them on his form along with omitting the metal tie feeling not inclined to wear it. Jinks made sure to attend to his hair and then walked towards Katherine to kiss her on the lips a quick kiss and then left the bedroom which he went to the dining room sensing Snowball again following him. Inside he found the King again reading the newspaper while noticing two trays holding dishware with one holding food and other empty of it. He went to the tray holding nourishment and sat taking his time eating and drinking then leaned back with arms folded while staring at the King with a frown who ignored him to continue reading. 
Jinks frowned as the King looked up and eyed him before speaking “You look like a city mobster without that tie on.” 
He exhaled a breath and inhaled figuring that the King was testing him with the insult which he spoke “What do you recommend I wear since my dress up clothes is inappropriate to you anyway?”
Jinks eyed the King that flared golden eyes and an angry look before resuming reading the newspaper he saw was Great Written News after the male adjust it to continue reading it. 
He sighed softly and stared at the King who thrust the newspaper aside in some swift move and speaking sounding annoyed than angry “Alright let’s get this meeting in the oval office over with. It’s getting ridiculous anyway.” 
Jinks didn’t comment got up as the King got up golden eyed look stopped and followed the male to the oval office while willing forwards the Darkness and again got Gold giving his familiar order of seeing a male aide standing next to a desk as the General along with orders to bow head, shutting eyes and not hear anything which he obeyed doing it as if compelled. 
Jinks found his hearing remained the same as someone was heard giving off a sound of disgust before a male voice spoke “How long do we have to play this ridiculous stunt onto your son in law anyway? Your daughter is getting suspicious and tried to say something about it but Gold kicked her out as a result.” 
He heard the King speak “Don’t ever refer Jinks Montreal as my son in law in my face again unless told to do it. He hasn’t yet earned that title. I’m still debating on whether to let Katherine have him despite her attempts to keep him and flaunting Robert in my face as a reason or show him the door and keep him out of my life and my daughter’s including having no say in raising my grandson. Don’t ever forget that bit, Smith.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as the male voice he heard before spoke “Eh what’s with the cat anyway? She looks like she’s furious with something judging by her behavior.” 
He stiffened as the King’s voice was heard “Ignore Snowball. She has displayed that attitude towards people who use voice talents in her presence-“
He frowned as the King was interrupted by a loud yeow sounding in Gold’s voice tone along with hearing the male yell “She’s got my leg! Get her off!”
Jinks frowned as Snowball was heard meowing in some tone that suggested anger as Gold continued to make his yeow sounds along with repeating his comment of get her off of him repeatedly. 
He frowned as there was silence abruptly followed by a cat hissing sound and a familiar male voice speaking “Got her. What should I do with this furball causing the General distress?”
He heard Gold comment “Throw that cat outside-“
Jinks frowned as Gold was interrupted by the King “Don’t you dare throw her outside. She can’t survive being outside due to being raised from kitten hood to an adult inside by my brother. So drop her outside the room and make sure she can’t slip in period and do that now. I’ll set Jinks off to foot your seat if I find out she’s thrown outside on the lawn, General.” 
He heard nothing from Gold but the cat hissing sounds stopped along with door slamming noises heard followed by the King speaking “Anyway what have you found out about the names Jinks gave you regarding them as offspring?”
Jinks heard from the familiar male “Their offspring of a Jinks Montreal alright as said on their birth certificates when found by the Eli hacking into records. The oldest is a male named Lance Knight who passed away reportedly around the time the current Jinks Montreal ran for governor for the first time after two terms as Mayor. The second oldest is a female named Lizette Knight married name Kyushu as in deceased New York State Senator Jayden Kyushu which she’s still living. The third child in line is a male named Kanny Knight aka Julian Goldberg who’s reportedly hospitalized for people suffering from some mental illness and according to records was adopted by Lizette herself hence the name change and is appearing to reach the end of his life span due to how the mental illness is progressing within him. The fourth child is Nathan Baxter Junior who’s still alive as Mayor of New York City at the moment but has a deceased mother who was reportedly was married to a Senator of New Jersey with the same name with the word Senior included that is currently deceased and that the Senator claimed responsibility for the offspring’s conceiving. That’s about it sir.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that feeling himself ranges of emotions running through him hearing the news on his off springs as the King’s voice was heard “Well get Jinks to admit on how he’s really feeling towards me anyway.”
He stiffened as Gold’s voice was heard sounding not using the voice talent “I don’t think you should be aware of that anyway. It’ll probably change your view towards him and influence your decision on whether to have him as a son in law despite your daughter’s attempts to keep him as her husband.” 
Jinks frowned as the King spoke “Nevertheless on my decision and influences just get him to talk on that subject now.” 
He heard a door bang open sound followed by Gold’s voice speaking using the compelling voice tone “Katherine go to your room and stay there and don’t come back here again.” 
He felt himself annoyed as the door banging sound was heard along with a loud yeow and heard “Get that furball off of me now!”
Jinks heard hissing sounds along with another sound of door banging followed by Gold’s voice speaking compel toned “Jinks you will honestly admit your feelings towards your father in law now.” 
He spoke as if compelled “His insulting treatment of me has gotten me to the point that I want to cause violent harm to him but I won’t due to Katherine would dump me if I did any such behavior towards her father.”
He clamped his mouth shut hearing from the King “Hmm interesting.” 
He heard an edge in the King’s voice tone mentally thought to himself “Oh no what the depths are you up to now? You better not be planning something insulting for me to reacts violently enough to get Katherine to drop me in no time flat.” 
Jinks heard from the King again “Have Jinks go to his room now. I’m done with him anyway.” 
He again heard the edge in voice tone as Gold’s voice was heard ordering him to leave the room after ordered to raise his head and opening his eyes which he obeyed and went to the bedroom willing away the Darkness and stood in front of the door feeling his mood foul despite senses blaring which he again ignored. He rubbed hands on his forehead and yanked on his hair’s strands feeling his mood was bad. Jinks walked inside sensing his senses blaring ignored it to go to part of the room between the crib and bed in an attempt to do his karate only to hear Katherine’s voice loudly speaking in Summeran in compel voice tone ordering him to talk everything that went in the oval office. Jinks found he relaying everything he heard while in the oval office along with the thought of the King planning an insult for him to reacts violently enough to get Katherine to drop him judging by the voice tone of the male to indicate that thinking. He exhaled a breath once done talking to inhale and got ordered by her to ditch his clothes and go to bed and sleep which he obeyed leaving on his underwear shorts as ordered by her speaking as he took off his clothes and shoes. Jinks went to the bed and laid his form down on his side facing Katherine’s side of the bed and threw the blankets over his head and shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance feeling his mood was bad and his father again had hands onto him calming him down. 
Jinks spoke noticing Lance giving him an all black eyed glare “Guard Kensington somehow got me to admit how I was feeling towards him which was feeling like doing something violent along with saying that the behavior would get Katherine to dump me out of her life. He had a won’t go away edge in his voice tone that suggested to me that he was up to some insulting trick and was planning on having it happen. Also Katherine used the Builder voice talent onto me to get me to admit everything that happened while I was in the oval office along with my thoughts related to what I heard from the King’s voice.” 
He clamped his mouth shut once talking to feel himself nervous as Lance’s eyes changed to Human blue and he felt the nervousness stop which he eyed his father with a frown. 
Lance spoke “Interesting hearing that. I warn you that Katherine is currently debating on which thought to go with regarding you and her father. She is according to the Meritanians scanning her mind while you were talking to her your thought of the King and insulting behavior thinking of whether you were paranoid in thinking that due to how her father has been treating you or that its actual fact and your not paranoid at all.”
Jinks groaned to hear from Ramses abruptly “Hey High Council, don’t throw a hissy fit at me anyway. That talk is related to some First One female, Horus is currently paired with at the moment with the female’s father debating on keeping him or kicking him out of life with the offspring Horus fathered through the female.”
He shifted to look at the Meritanians to find their heads bowed and frowned hearing Lance speaking “That’s odd that the High Council would get involved in this. They don’t seem to care on what the Meritanians are babbling about as long as the plants do their orders period.”
He eyed Lance who forced his eyes shut and he passed out unconscious to come to hearing the alarm clock blare its noises which he groaned loudly and stayed asleep despite the blankets off his form. He felt a hand shake his shoulder in an insisting move which he jerked opened his eyes and shifted his form to face Katherine standing next to the bed that folded her arms and gave him a golden eyed glare. 
Jinks frowned seeing that as she spoke using a compelling voice tone in Summeran “Do you love me enough to see me as your wife who you’ll treat in a nice equal way?”
He spoke finding compulsion hitting him finding himself eyeing her in the eyes “I love you Katherine and yes I see you as my wife and yes I’ll treat you in a nice equal way.” 
Jinks heard the firm tone in his voice tone as he spoke his words and continued to stare at Katherine in the eyes as she spoke in Summeran still using the voice tone “Are you still feeling like reacting violently towards my father if he gives you an insult that’ll set you off?”
He spoke still compelled “Yes I’m still feeling that way and yes I will foot your father’s seat violently if he continues to treat me inappropriately. Such as insulting me about my clothes I’m wearing and manipulating me via voice orders through someone speaking them to gain information about me and my life including my past as well.” 
He folded his arms while eyeing Katherine who spoke speaking without the voice tone “Watch Robert for me. I need to go get some nourishment just to keep on feeding our son.” 
Jinks didn’t comment as Katherine kissed him on the lips and then heard her leave the room with the door manipulation sounds. He sat up and went to Robert to peer at his son seeing the baby was lying asleep and sensed he had passed out. Jinks frowned hearing the door open behind him looked to see the King walk into the room slamming the door with an angry look on his face and eyes flaring golden. 
He stiffened as the King spoke in an angry voice tone “You son of a bitch managed to somehow eavesdrop onto everything going on in the oval office. Don’t deny that to me now. I got it straight from Katherine.” 
His senses blared warning telling him that the King lied and figured that the male was throwing an insult trick onto him spoke as the man became silent “I could have let myself eavesdropping be known anytime sir.” 
He got from the King speaking still sounding angry “Oh really? So you don’t deny that trick you did.” 
He spoke while folding his arms “I don’t deny it but I don’t find the manipulating amusing sir.” 
Jinks gave the King a glare while inwardly thinking to he “What the depths are you doing to me anyway?”
He glared at the King who spoke “What manipulating are you talking about?”
Jinks found again his sense for detecting lies blare telling him spoke after willing the Master through “Don’t lie to me Sir. I can detect lies and you’re lying to me. This stunt you’re pulling is nothing but another insulting trick to get me to react violently so drop it now.”
He heard from the King in response him speaking using the voice talent in Summeran “Admit it that your using my daughter for your own gains now.” 
He found himself speaking as if compelled “I love your daughter and I want her as my wife and want her in my life to raise my son I fathered through her.” 
Jinks glared at the King who gave up a loud growling sound before again speaking using the voice talent “Admit it, Jinks that you’re nothing but a toy for my daughter and others to play with.” 
He felt rage become full blown unexpectedly roared an angry sound and found himself charging towards the King to grab the male by the throat with a hand and lifted him up choking him while throwing a fist into the man’s front not caring where it landed. Jinks ignored the sounds all around him as he punched the King’s front feeling himself furious with the male’s words indicating him as an object for Katherine and others to manipulate. He felt his mood stop by a loud crying sound sounding of Robert which he hauled the King to the door yanking it open and threw the male out of the room while roaring out “Don’t ever use that joke of others using me as some object in my face again!” 
He slammed the door in response and stormed to part of the room to do his karate movements while feeling his mood still raging within him. He kept up his karate sensing himself watched which he figured it was Katherine and ignored her as he heard Robert stopped crying unexpectedly and once done with the combative art sensed her and his son gone from the room. Jinks kneeled as if compelled and burst into tears while rocking his form back and forth as he felt his angry mood stopped hitting him followed by sadness hitting him. He cried and cried even ignoring the light shows flashing into the room as he shut his eyes and raised his head towards the ceiling cutting his noises. Jinks felt hands clawed grab his arms lifting him up to a standing position and felt the rugged floor become metal on his feet which he felt a hand clawed patting his cheek repeatedly. He jerked open his eyes lowering his head to discover himself in the High Council’s throne room as Anubis removed his hand. 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Well Horus what do you have to say about this First One female you are reportedly paired to?”
He spoke finding himself compelled “I love her and want her as mine and I’ll do what it takes to keep her including raising my son with her I fathered through her.” 
He clamped his mouth shut finding himself shocked with his declaration as he narrowed his eyes glaring at the High Council. 
Onya spoke “You’ll do what it takes to have this First One as yours including doing anything even whatever we tell you to do just to achieve that goal hmm?”
He stiffened hearing Onya’s words as he kept his mouth shut but felt compelled to speak which he found himself blurting “I’ll do anything.”
Jinks again clamped his mouth shut finding himself shocked with his words as Shad spoke “Interesting hearing that from you Horus. Oh there’s a little matter involving this First One male being a Builder something we can prove with concrete evidence enough to kick him out of a certain titled position at our choosing. You First Ones at the moment seemed to what’s the saying Ramses regarding the Builder species?” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Ramses was heard sounding in his mind with a familiar headache of his mind scanned felt “The saying is First Ones frown on having Builders in certain titled positions including the leadership position of their species which a hidden Builder is currently holding at the moment.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing that as Shad spoke “Well Horus, the Meritanians have managed to prevent certain situations from happening at our orders at the moment. Here’s an idea we want you to do just to get this First One female back as yours with her father as he’s called submitting to your demands. Oh you’ll be called to do some favors once the demands of yours are met by this First One male. So here’s the idea.” 
He stiffened further as Shad kept talking “Your to use your mental abilities to confront this female First One’s father with the fact that he’s part of the Builder species and that you learned this from us and that we have concrete evidence to reveal him to the First Ones which they will be manipulated to execute him once the fact is made public.  You will demand to him on our behalf for our silence is to allow the pairing of you and his offspring to happen period. We’ll take the matter from here should he refuse to meet your demand or attempts to pull a trick of going along with it to gain information on keeping us from revealing his hidden Builder status. So what do you have to say about this hmm?”
Jinks spoke as if compelled “I’ll do it, High Council.”
He clamped his mouth shut as Onya spoke “Ramses transport Horus back to where you picked him up and make sure he’s able to do that idea we told him to do it without any problems now.”
He felt handholds off his arms and found himself in his bedroom in the white house which he gave up a growling sound and willed the Darkness through only to hear from Ramses “Its not polite to go around among people looking like that so put some clothes on now.”
Jinks obeyed putting on black clothing omitting the tie and black jacket as he continued to growl loudly which he halted the noises as if compelled to hear a knocking sound onto the bedroom door. He went to the door using Master’s powers to peer through seeing one of the King’s aides there looking nervous and knocking on the door while looking like he was alone. 
Jinks yanked opened the door and grabbed the aide by jacket thrusting his form up dangling his feet while snarling out “Where’s she now?!”
He heard from Ramses blaring in his mind “He’s got some kind of syringe hidden in his sleeve he was told to inject you with which I’ve manipulated him to sleep. Along with seeing that he’s not told of where the female went but he knows that her father is at a location you’ll have to fight physically to get to there. The location is the security room in the basement of the place your in.”
Jinks sensed Ramses’ words were the truth by the male slumping over in his hand grips which he sensed himself filmed to toss the male into the hallway who didn’t wake up after hitting the floor. Jinks looked up to eye a camera dome in ceiling sensing the recorder was filming him which he waved a hand and smiled a smirk seeing sparks come from it. He eyed the hallway’s ceiling to spot various camera domes in it and went into the hallway while ignoring the camera domes recording him which nearing the corner his senses blared warning halting his running. 
Jinks heard from Ramses “Ugh there’s a guard behind the corner holding some kind of dart gun weapon he’s ordered to shoot you with but I managed to put him asleep.” 
He saw the Meritanian’s word was true by a male figure appearing into view slumping over onto the floor with form still but sensed that he was still alive. Jinks gave up a loud roar roaring loudly while hearing glass cracking sounds all around him. 
He halted his noises to hear from Ramses “Good trick Horus. You cut off their visuals on your location in either direction of the hallways where you’re at the junction. I suggest that you give off that noise when you want the recorders to stop focused onto you.” 
He went down a hallway and reached the end to again give off roaring noises while hearing glass cracking sounds and then kept it up while taking a route to the security room’s entrance to find the hidden door in the wall to the stairwell locked with a loud humming sound coming from it. 
Jinks felt his senses blare warning as Ramses was heard “Oh dear. That female of yours I managed to find her and she’s heading towards your location from the kitchen route with some thinking of telling you off and to get out of her life period.” 
Jinks felt Ramses stop talking thrust a fist into a wall seeing it form a hole and eyed the security door which he waved a hand and saw it open and he stepped into the stairwell hearing the door slam shut behind him. He blinked his eyes as the lights illuminating the stairwell went out which night vision was blared. Jinks went down the stairwell quietly while hugging the wall back on it senses cued towards anything to come upon two figures lying on the stairs appearing to be asleep he recognized as guards from their clothes. Jinks went down the stairwell till he reached the end to see a metal door humming of electricity while sensing himself not filmed waved a hand to see the door slam open. 
He saw Gold standing in his way holding his fists up and speaking loudly not using the voice “Come and fight me you coward!” 
Jinks heard from Ramses “That’s a trap to get you through due to guards on both sides of the door are ordered to hit you with some gun weapon said to cause electrical shocks.”
Jinks spoke sensing the Meritanian stopped blaring “Call off your guards you got on both sides of the door hidden ordered to take me down and I’ll fight you on equal terms General.” 
He glared at Gold who formed a bugged eyed look before speaking using the voice in Summeran language “Jinks hit the floor and have hands onto your back now.” 
He waved a hand towards Gold mentally ordering him to sleep seeing his order obeyed and ran in a fast speed move throwing he through the doorway as the door slid closed behind him. Jinks was quick to get up onto his feet waving hands all around him and heard multiple gun jamming sounds which he found the King seated at a table and pointed a finger in his direction to see the male get up flaring golden eyes with arms folded. 
Jinks heard from the King “Knock him out physically since he got the guns to stop working.” 
He raised his hands up smirking figuring out that his karate would be enough to physically keep them off him as four guards came charging at him from all sides. Jinks felt he compelled to mentally give the sleep command found he doing it despite his disgust hitting him and found the guards stopping and hitting the ground with form still. Jinks again eyed the King to see three guards the remaining of them had formed a wall between him and the male while holding fists in his direction and syringes in their other hands. 
Jinks shrugged and spoke out loud “That’s not going to stop me anyway.” 
He waved a hand ordering the guards to sleep to see one toss the syringe in his direction which he caught the cylinder and adjust its hold while edging himself towards the King seeing the male looked furious. 
He stepped over the sleeping guards as the King spoke using the voice talent in Summeran “You will inject that syringe into your thigh now.” 
Jinks found himself not obeying to the order instead kept on edging towards the King to see the male’s eyes narrow with suspicion in them as he heard from Ramses abruptly “Hey Horus, he’s got a syringe hidden in his sleeve opposite of the hand your holding that thing in your hand. I think he might be successful with injecting you if you go near him without any power abilities manipulating.”
He spoke out loud halting his walking as Ramses stopped talking in his mind “I came from the High Council sir. They claim that your part of the Builder species and can prove it with concrete evidence and want a price tag for their silence to be paid which is what I’ll tell you.” 
He eyed the King who’s eyes remained golden and narrowed but heard nothing from the male in response who made no move towards him “The High Council knows that Humans won’t tolerate a Builder in the King position as leader of them and will react badly enough to execute you once the news is made public.”
He again got no reaction from the King as he continued talking “The price tag sir is you’ll accept me to have your daughter as mine, my wife and my mate period and the High Council will keep their silence period.”
He got from the King “Son of a bitch. You were originally working for the High Council as a servant of them instead of a prisoner of war as thought.” 
Jinks spoke in a growling voice tone finding his mood becoming foul “I’ll do what it takes to have Katherine as mine even make a deal with the High Council to achieve that goal. I will have Katherine period and I don’t give a damn on what your feelings are in that matter sir.” 
He glared at the King who spoke “Interesting deal Jinks but what are you going to do if my daughter doesn’t agree to this hmm?”
He felt his anger take control only to feel a headache hitting him abruptly and Ramses’ familiar voice sounding in his mind “Horus, he’s doing what’s called baiting as in getting you angry enough to target him so he’ll inject you with the hidden syringe so back off on that mood now. Just use your powers instead anyway.” 
He felt Ramses stop abruptly which he found his angry mood stop. He waved a hand mentally ordering paralysis to hit the King and saw the order hit home by the male falling to the stone floor onto his back which he walked to the man. He reaching the King bent down and stripped the male of the hidden syringe tossing it aside along with the other syringe. He waved a hand mentally ordering the paralysis to stop hitting at the King’s head but left the deadweight to hit from the neck down. 
Jinks got a loud gasp from the King who spoke “I can’t move help me now.” 
He spoke while bending down to glare at the King, folding his arms “That was a result of me manipulating you and not some inner body medical ailment.” 
He heard “You bastard! Wait till my daughter hears of this! She’ll never accept you anyway regardless of what I say to her about this stunt you’re pulling!”
Jinks gave up hysterical laughter silencing the King who formed a frown on his face as he laughed. 
He cleared his throat once he found himself stopping the laughing sound and spoke “Well there’s one thing involving this deadweight your feeling at the moment is its not temporary it’s permanent until I remove it. So think again of what you’re going to say to me now.” 
He straightened up his form keeping arms folded eyes onto the King as the male spoke “You can’t hide this from Katherine forever, you bastard. She’ll find out sooner or later and will kick you to the curb once it’s known. She’ll kick you out of raising Robert as well too.”
He felt his mood become foul unfolded his arms and fisted his hands while narrowing his eyes aimed at the King as the male continued talking “Believe me she’s easily manipulated via voice order of a Builder. All it’ll take is a voice order and you’re out of her life period.” 
Jinks gave off a growl sound with anger coursing through him brought his fist onto the King’s front as the male stopped talking abruptly which he kneeled raising his fist aiming it towards the male’s front only to hear from Ramses halting his fist movement “Guard Kensington, its Ramses a mind walking sentient plant that lives on the ocean too many leagues away from here with a message from the High Council. They are aware that you are partially of the Builder species along with people’s views towards Builders holding leadership positions. The High Council knows that you’re in terms a greedy bastard who craves leadership positions including doing what it takes to get it. They know that you manipulated a certain male to give you what you wanted in the first place from him which was a male offspring through your daughter.”
Jinks felt he getting angry again hearing Ramses’ reference to him as the Meritanian kept talking “They also know that the reason of this manipulating onto this certain male is that his looks indicate he’ll make a good breeder for offspring.” 
Jinks raised his hand and fisted into the King’s front repeatedly feeling himself furiously angry with what Ramses said about him.
He continued to hear from Ramses as he continued to fist the King “The High Council knows that you plan on making a law to have the King leadership position your holding passed down to your daughter’s offspring once he’s grown enough raised in your selfish views. You even aim to do this raising selfish view towards this offspring once he’s grown enough to not need his mother once it’s obvious by him not needing any nourishment from her. You also plan to use the voice onto your daughter to dump her offspring into your hands and her into some mental asylum just to keep her away from you and interfering with you raising the offspring.”
Jinks felt the headache persist along with his bad mood evaporating which he stopped his fisting to fold his arms and glared at the King in the eyes who met his eyes with nervousness in them as Ramses he heard “I’m not kidding on what I said High Council. Its gleaned from this First One’s mind who’s the one that you told Horus to demand for a certain First One female offspring as his as payment for hiding his Builder status from the public. And no I’m not broadcasting this conversation to him and his daughter at the moment but Horus is hearing it anyway.” 
He stiffened hearing Ramses’ words as the Meritanian kept broadcasting within his mind “Actually I broadcasted the contents of this First One’s mind contents onto Horus and the female he wants as his. Horus’s reaction was to allow anger to take control which he used his hand onto this male First One he’s got in a trapped status. The female First One in question from mind scans is very upset hearing what was broadcasted to her enough to have some kind of breakdown which she’s still doing it at the moment.” 
He spoke mentally sensing Ramses could hear him “What will be my female’s reaction if I bring her father in some trapped status to her?”
He heard in response “Excuse me High Council. Well Horus from mind scans she’ll be furious when she sees him but will use her Builder ability to get her father to admit everything that I said to her from mind scans just to prove what was said. I suspect this will get her father humiliated enough to back off on his plans for good judging by the mind scans of him saying that he’s embarrassed and doesn’t want a confrontation with his offspring anyway.”
Jinks without a word felt Ramses stop stood up and heard from the King “You’re a sick bastard you son of a bitch.” 
He exhaled at the familiarity of some of the words and without a comment bent down grabbing the King by the neck choking him and lifted him up with a hand. 
He snarled in the King’s face “I aim to see your daughter confront you of this joke you pulled onto the both of us.” 
He saw fear hitting the King’s eyes as the male moved his mouth which he ignored to continue choking the man and hauled him towards the room’s entrance waving a hand to make the door open. He hauled the King up the stairs and through the hidden door’s doorway and held up a hand figuring out that Katherine would still be wearing his ring. He found the ring’s signal leading in the direction of the kitchen kept his hand up while hearing the King gasping for air which he ignored taking a route to sense himself filmed and ignored it. He reached a hallway to find the ring’s signal pushed his hand down towards the window where a curtain was having a budge while hearing loud muffled sobbing sounds coming from it. Jinks kept his hold onto the King to go to the curtain and yanked it aside with such force that he heard Katherine gasp loudly and quit her crying sounds. 
He thrust the King at her and spoke still gagging him “I got him in some body trapped status so talk on what you want to know from him now.” 
He glared at Katherine as he heard from Ramses sounding abruptly “Actually Katherine your father will be humiliated if you confirm what I said broadcasted to you enough to get him to back off from doing any of his plans or making any movements of doing them. That’s from scanning his mind and seeing that view clearly there. I believe that the embarrassment is fueled by his feelings towards you as his offspring enough to not want to do what I said blaring to you anyway.” 
He spoke as Ramses was felt quiet “The body trapped status is permanent deadweight which is hitting him from the neck down unless I remove it. So tell me what I should do with him anyway.”
Jinks glared at Katherine who eyed him with watery eyes of shock along with shifting towards her father and saw her eyes flare golden followed by her speaking in Summeran in the voice compelling tone “Father speak what your plans for the King position were entirely now.” 
He released the King and held him up in a sitting position as the male spoke confirming entirely what Ramses was heard broadcasting to him while eyeing Katherine who formed ranges of emotions on her face as the man talked. 
Jinks heard a growl from Katherine as the King stopped talking to sense fear hitting the male while holding him up and eyed her as she spoke using the voice in Summeran “You will make no attempts to make me or Jinks or anyone else forget what you said to me confirming Ramses’ words about your plans for the King position. You will make no attempts to break up the family of me, Jinks and my son period. You will accept Jinks as your son in law period and allow this marriage to be legal.”
Jinks sighed softly hearing Katherine’s words regarding his marriage to Katherine as she continued talking “You will give up the King position once the entire term is over with using the excuse of your cancer diagnoses as a public reason for not seeking a second term. You will not put up a fight if there is an impeachment happening and will accept being removed from position without any complaints. You will share the duties of the King position with Jinks Montreal officially and use your cancer diagnose as a public reason for that. You will make no attempts to sabotage any of the commands I’ve spoken them to you period with Jinks as witness. You will accept the commands at face value as spoken by me.” 
Jinks heard nothing more from Katherine to see her hugging the King face buried on the male’s shoulder while giving off crying sounds again which he heard groaning sounds from the male eyed him in the face to see his eyes were no longer golden and saw tears dripping from them with a sad look in his facial expression seen.
He heard from the King “Daughter, how I love and cherish you too much.” 
Jinks sighed and willed away the paralysis backing away to hear from the King speaking “Argh! Jinks, you cunning deity! I shouldn’t have messed with you anyway.”
Jinks halted his backing to stand with arms folded eyes on the King who hugged Katherine and again heard him speaking “Katherine, what am I going to do with the public’s demand for an actual wedding ceremony anyway?”
He sighed softly and eyed Katherine who raised her head to appear to meet her father’s eyes and spoke “Jinks will give the excuse of already going through one such ceremony and didn’t like it enough to marry me privately.”
He frowned hearing that as Katherine kept talking “You recall he married this Victoria in some publicized ceremony due to people’s demands for one after he won the governorship position and it was broadcasted all over the continent. The ceremony proved to be the networks’ biggest ratings bonanza ever according to media sources saying it when asked about it.” 
Jinks groaned loudly as Katherine paused and bowed his head sensing her and the King looking at him which he spoke from his memories “The ceremony was the worse thing I ever went through anyway. Ugh the engagement was a publicity stunt just to get voters to vote for me into the governorship position due to the people saying that they weren’t going to vote me into office in polls. Also I had to go through with that marriage ceremony due to promising voters I would have one once elected into position. Humph I didn’t mind being married but I do mind not consummating the relationship due to that Victoria refused to mate with me period.”
He heard nothing from the King or Katherine as he continued talking “This no mating status caused me several problems with urges I had to get rid of by doing karate over and over for long periods of time. Also I was willing to make the marriage reality by conceiving offspring but Victoria balked that and insisted that I do it with someone else. I could have forced myself onto Victoria but that would have traumatized her. I admit it I had fathered an offspring through a female that was traumatized from another male doing that mating by force behavior hence me balking on doing it anyway onto Victoria.” 
He looked up to see a glare on the King’s face as he saw Katherine frowning which he continued talking “Alright I admit the truth sir it was hormones talking when I threw myself towards your daughter into this relationship and marriage.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath as the King spoke “Hormones Jinks? It’s more like love at first sight anyway. I’m willing to bet that your willingness to mate with my daughter was due to this Victoria’s repeated balking leaving you with sexual frustration that you had no outlet for it hence you conceiving your offspring through Katherine while in some indoor outhouse.”
He groaned softly as the King kept talking “Don’t bother denying the sexual frustration I sensed from looking at you due to being a man myself and how you ogled my daughter after meeting her for the first time.” 
He frowned eyeing the King who added “Besides George blabbed of the stunt he pulled onto people to me while he was hospitalized which I figured out the whole story as to why you and Victoria weren’t appearing to be conceiving offspring despite public expectations said about the both of you. Turns out that George through his admittance to me had secretly paid multiple females to pose as Victoria including some of them married to someone else with desperation to get money hence they taking the job to do the posing. I surprised that you were fooled from this anyway which I know why.”
He exhaled a breath and inhaled as the King gave him a glare which he spoke sensing the male wanted him to talk “Ah I fell in love with Victoria the moment I married her in that ridiculous ceremony.  I was willing to overlook her flaws such as repeated memory loss and always acting surprised to see me flaunting my mental power abilities’ eye change in her face whenever I was furious with something. Plus I was willing to accept that her balking on saying that she loved me after I made a declaration to her was part of her posing as my wife in this publicity stunt of a marriage Humph.”
He frowned as Katherine and the King without a comment both got up from the floor followed by Katherine herself going to him which he unfolded his arms and didn’t complain as she hugged him which he sighed loudly from the feel of her touching him. He eyed the King to hear from the male “Humph, hurt Katherine and I’ll see about making you regret doing that period. So don’t tempt me to use my Builder abilities onto people to target you if I hear of you hurting Katherine.”
He spoke as the King stopped talking “I get it your words sir.” 
Jinks felt Katherine hugging him tighter brought his hands onto her back gently rubbing the area while hearing her sigh loudly as he leaned the side of his face against her head. He heard from the King “Hmm which reminds me I need to put in an order for various things around here being damaged. Excuse me while I go make that reality.”
Jinks eyed the King who walked away sensing the male was heading towards the security room by the direction he took. He continued to hug Katherine feeling he relieved to have her doing that to him along with her father’s acceptance to have him as his daughter’s mate.  
Jinks frowned as Katherine pushed herself out of his arms’ and stood with arms folded while speaking “Jinks what the depths do you call that all black eye look and this creepy mental ability you use to be immune to Builders anyway?”   
He sighed and waved a hand willing the cameras in the hallway to go out sensing the above camera stop then willed both mental abilities in control of him away sensing that it was safe for him to do so and sensed that they were both alone in the hallway with no one to eavesdrop despite some filming sensation felt. 
He leaned towards Katherine’s ear putting a hand on her shoulder and whispered in a low tone “Black eyed look I dub it Master despite three of my own offspring inherited it dubbing it by the name of Source. The creepy mental ability is dubbed Darkness and gives me an itchy feeling in the middle of my back and no I haven’t seen it inherited in my own offspring.”
He straightened up his form and folded his arms to see suspicion in her blue eyes as she spoke “You want to explain this trick you used onto my father to make his body deadweight?”
He spoke again leaning towards her and whispered “The trick was paralysis mentally ordered towards him. It varies on which part of the outer body from the foot to the head I can make paralysis form. I haven’t bothered to figure out if that involves organ stoppage and don’t intend to find out. Bad people would have used me for assassinations anyway if they hear of it. Anyway I’ll reveal more of the power abilities later on in the future once it is obvious that it’s safe to do it.”
He straightened up his form and eyed Katherine who gave up a groan sound unfolding her arms followed by her speaking “Ugh I left Robert with the cook with assurances that I’ll be back in time to feed him again. Humph he must be really hungry by now and upset that you and I aren’t around for his meal.” 
He sighed and unfolded his arms as he wordlessly followed Katherine taking a route to the kitchen to hear loudly inside Robert wailing away sounding upset to him which he followed Katherine jogging inside to find the cook holding the baby with a panicky look on her face and looking relieved to see the both of them. He didn’t comment as Katherine took Robert from the cook to feel relief hitting him hearing the baby give off his hungry cry wail sound which he figured that his son was upset due to not sensing his parents nearby for nourishment. He eyed Katherine going to sit at the kitchen’s stool and adjusted her top to give Robert access to a breast which he watched his son suck away with eyes shut seemingly lengthy to him. 
Jinks went to Katherine putting a hand on her shoulder and eyed Robert getting his nourishment as he mentally spoke “How long does the Meritanians have to manipulate Robert to feed anyway?”
He frowned hearing nothing to answer his question in response continued to eye Robert sucking away. 

Jinks frowned from the memories spilling in his mind to hear the alarm clock blare its noise as usual at six thirty in the morning. 
He sighed and got up from the bed hearing Katherine groaning loudly “Ooh at least Robert let me sleep the entire night this time and even on our anniversary of our marriage.”
Jinks frowned hearing that to recall his promise to Katherine that Robert would let her sleep the entire night and even admitted having some power to put people to sleep but refused to explain to her of how he did it. He went to Robert lying in his crib to eye his son nearly the Human age one year old asleep in it. 
He stared at Robert to hear from Ramses abruptly “High Council, Horus’s offspring dubbed Robert has from mind scans indicated that he’s out of that sickness status and doesn’t need our manipulating help anymore. So let me know what Horus should be doing for you as payment anyway and I’ll tell him when the time arrives as per your orders.” 
Jinks heard nothing more from Ramses sighed and reached out a hand towards Robert to place it on his son’s chest feeling it moving up and down in a rapid fire pace who didn’t stir from his sleep instead remained slumbering. 
He sighed leaving himself standing there lengthy and heard from Katherine abruptly “Jinks, you got thirty five minutes to meet my father for the daily breakfast meeting so move it. I’m not having you be late again and suffer doing some odd jobs around here as payment for the lateness as ordered by my father insisting you do that as punishment for the lateness he hates getting from people.”
Jinks without a comment went into the bathroom after removing his hand from Robert and showered after taking off a pair of black sweatpants fitting him as his pajamas and making sure that he was fast into doing the washing thoroughly then walked out after drying himself entirely to the closet to get his familiar black clothes along with bullet proof vest which he put on underneath his top. He sighed to put on his jacket and metal tie then went to brush his hair styling it neatly. He shifted once done to eye Katherine seated in the rocking chair holding Robert still sleeping in her arms and sensed that his son had accepted the weaning of sucking nourishment by her breasts instead was accepting something else as his nourishment. He went to Katherine and kissed her on the lips hearing Lance’s familiar voice talking about her baby carrier was removed and didn’t protest to always hearing that voice sounding whenever he kissed her. Jinks broke off the kiss and leaned down to kiss Robert on the forehead that woke up and eyed him with Human blue eyes not crying at all which he sighed recognizing his son wanted to see him leave like he always have done regardless of being held by Katherine or not. Jinks without a word left the bedroom sensing he filmed as usual through familiar camera domes above and followed as usual by Snowball which he took a route to the dining room where the King was there nose in newspapers. He sighed going to sit down in his familiar spot and took his time eating his food and drinking his daily meal and recalled convincing the King that he lived on one meal a day with exceptions of getting more nourishment if his body needed it. He once finished eyed the King to see he was reading the familiar three newspapers including the one owned by the High Council. Jinks sighs softly recalling Ramses blaring in his mind yesterday talking about noticing some First Ones getting a hold of the Great Written News newspaper through Highlanders giving them despite the High Council not approving of that and wanted to know what he could do towards the Highlanders doing that giving stunt. Jinks continued to remember Ramses kept blaring that the King he mentioned as Guard Kensington was one of those people only to hear the Meritanian grumble in some grumpy voice after a pause that the High Council had approved of the First One to acquire the newspaper and had servants delivering it to him. He frowned recalling Ramses add that the newspaper approval was related to the High Council trying to keep the King from being tempted to use his voice talent onto the group through various ways as some payment price to keep him from doing that stunt onto them. 
Jinks frowned as he heard a throat clearing noise breaking his reverie which he eyed the King who spoke “Darn if you were late I would have you clean out Snowball’s litter boxes all over the place.” 
He sighed as the King gave up a chuckle sound sensing the male gave up a joke about the cat and refrained from talking as the man continued talking laughing sounds stop “George was cunning having this place set for a cat to travel anywhere it wanted despite doors shut blocking it gaining entrance.” 
Jinks sighed as the King resumed reading the newspaper which he recalled being in the gym room he dubbed it holding a punching bag and padded floors with padded walls doing his karate with door shut watched by Katherine seated in the corner holding an awaken Robert in her arms who also was sensed watching him practice his movements. He remembering heard a metal squeaking sound off his left saw Snowball enter the room through a spot in the wall that froze with eyes staring at him before turning around and darting into the wall while still hearing the metal squeak sound and disappearing out of sight.  He went to investigate hearing Katherine laughing and found the cat door that blended with the wall which he opened it to peer inside seeing a tunnel in there. 
He had sighed and remembered speaking out loud “Drat I thought she traveled through other ways instead of this.” 
He recalling assumed that she was like the Meritanians had an ability to transport herself around which he found his theory wrong hence his comment out loud.
He heard from Katherine in the memory “My Uncle George reportedly when he took the King position gave the house an entire makeover along with improving and updating various things around here. I didn’t realize that he also set the house for a cat to travel gaining entrance to various places around here. He favored cats and kept one as pet despite Victoria reportedly allergic and having to take medicine for the sickness.”
Jinks broke his reverie to remember later he went to the bedroom he shared with Katherine as she went to get nourishment for Robert due to him wailing about it to shower and came out to find Snowball seated on the bed that gave off several meows sounding annoyed to him. He remembering had seen Snowball looking at him indicating by her body to follow her which he obeyed going into the closet to find her pawing a pile of clothes fallen off the hanger and found the them blocking a cat door after he removed the items by the cat going into the door in front of him which blended seaming with the wall. He recalled he again heard the familiar metal squeak sound as Snowball disappeared into the cat door which he peered through due to curiosity to see a tunnel and spied Snowball disappearing through another cat door in it which he figured from the looks of the door’s position that it led to outside the hallway.  
Jinks had managed from memory to show Katherine the cat door that sighed and spoke “Yah Uncle George was a tad obsessed with cats due to having one as a pet and even collected cat themed stuff as a kid a habit he broke once he was legally an adult and adopted a live cat always dubbed by some name referred to something related to King Winter’s kingdom. It didn’t matter if the cat had white fur or not regardless of the name.”
Jinks sighed as he broke his reverie to eye the King that set down the newspaper and spoke “Humph same old story in here. Just nothing new but I keep reading hoping for something new anyway.” 
He didn’t comment as the King added “Eh lets go and get out of here.” 
Jinks obeyed following the King to the oval office going to sit down in the guest chair facing the desk where his father in law always went to sit whenever he was medically fine enough to move around despite undergoing chemotherapy for awhile and wearing a wig for his hair loss. He recalled that the King told him he could sit at the desk’s chair if he wasn’t medically able to hold a meeting and not in the room then he could sit there if he wanted to. 
Jinks eyed the King who spoke appearing to address him “So what are you getting for your wedding anniversary? Its today according to the calendar on the desk as marked.” 
He spoke recalling something and the comment Katherine said to him at awakening “I already gave her the gift sir. It was an entire night’s worth of sleep given to her by Robert not wailing to be fed or needing one of us to hold him as I promised to her that would happen. I kept my promise as a result.”
He leaned back folded his arms as the King spoke “Interesting gift Jinks. I assumed that jewelry would be used for that.” 
He spoke “Actually Katherine put her foot down on the jewelry gift giving. She complained about having too many pieces to wear and didn’t need another one to add to her collection she already has. She points the finger of blame at you for being responsible for her large jewelry collection due to saying that you always were giving her that for her birthday and the Christmas holiday as well for years a habit you stopped when I married her.”
He saw the King rub a hand on his forehead looking a little weary but kept his mouth shut about it as the male spoke “Anyway report on what I missed or what we missed around here.” 
Jinks sighed to hear the familiar reports from Gold and aides reporting the same old news with some differences included as usual at each meeting in the oval office every morning. He heard from the King as the male lowered his hand “Oh which reminds me another event on the calendar, Robert’s first birthday. The press has been insisting on gaining a glimpse of him quite hard that the public has joined their campaign at the moment.”
Jinks groaned loudly rolling his eyes and focused onto the King who added “Jinks you can’t hide him forever from the public. Sooner or later you’ll have to reveal him anyway. He’s getting older. I believe by the time we’re done here he’ll be old enough for preschool which is a must for him to go just to make an example to the public watching us as usual.” 
Jinks spoke in a groaning tone “Ugh I gave the public the most talked about wedding and publicized event for them to chatter about due to the public demanding for one.”
He eyed the King who spoke “Lucky for you Jinks. They didn’t demand another wedding after it came out that you married Katherine in a private ceremony.”
He spoke “Actually sir the marriage license signing by the both of us was public at some press conference in the press room due to a certain someone around here insisted on that. I recall this person insisted on doing that public just to make an example of the law due to claimed reports of people not doing that license signing and assuming that ceremonies made them married officially. I wonder where this person came up with this idea in the first place anyway.”
Jinks narrowed his eyes aimed at the King from memory was the one responsible for the idea and insisting who had resumed folding his arms and willed the Master through seeing the male didn’t flinch from that look as usual instead gave him his familiar golden eyed glare in response. 
He glared at the King who spoke “Anyway skipping the subject and back to Robert I suggest you flaunt him in the press conference room once the press meets there for our monthly question and answer session happening today at 1pm according to the calendar marked ‘Press meeting 1pm’. See about getting Katherine to there as soon as the meeting is being held.” 
Jinks gave off an Hmph sound in response and were ignored by the King who continued talking stopping flaring golden eyes “I insist that you, Jinks take this conference. I took the last one and embarrassed myself by fainting in front of them. Press had a field day with that happening. I still point the finger of blame at Katherine for using the voice talent onto me to cause me to faint as a result of some argument I had with her. Humph she did say something about flashing lights making me faint which happened. I’m still quite upset from that happening and don’t like being fodder for the press anyway.” 
Jinks sighed and didn’t comment a response as the King gave him glare while hearing a throat clearing noise sounding loudly which he spoke figuring that the noises were talk for him to speak “Fine I’ll take the press conference. Just make sure security is doubled up just to avoid anything bad happening to Katherine and Robert being there. I’m still quite paranoid from a jerk torpedoed the limo with some rocket launcher which I got us and the driver out in time despite that happening months ago.”
He exhaled a breath willing aside the Master as the King spoke “Well lucky for us that you had mental abilities no Human normally has in control when that torpedo was seen heading towards the limo. It saved our lives.”
Jinks groaned hearing the King’s words for he didn’t want to be reminded of the Darkness a mental ability he hated and was forced to keep in control when traveling out of the White House. He inhaled a breath as the King ordered the meeting over with and heard him gave out a groaning sound before watching the male get up and leave the room followed by his aides as usual as Gold went to the desk butt leaning against it as usual to talk to him about various things in a private talk between the both of them and not shared with anyone else at the General’s insisting. 
Jinks eyed Gold who spoke “How’s Lizette doing lately anyway?”
He spoke finding that Gold’s question was inappropriate for him to talk about “She’s doing fine as usual so don’t ask me again. It’s private and between me and her.”
He glared at Gold who shrugged and spoke “Sorry I had to ask due to being curious about your other offspring not appearing to have inherited your ability to outlive normal Human life spans anyway.” 
He exhaled a breath hearing Gold’s words feeling himself annoyed with the reminder Gold couldn’t stop bringing up after the deathless status ability came out at a previous meeting soon after the car bombing which he admitted that he was the Jinks Montreal on the birth certificate to the offspring born before Robert himself. He recalled the meeting including him telling all in the room about having another mental sense that he had in control enough to see the torpedo coming which according to recorders in the area was too fast for a normal Human to have seen it coming which he got himself, the King and the Driver out of the car in time just prior to it hit the car, exploding in fire.
He glared at Gold who spoke again “Actually I did some research for answering my questions about your offspring just to let you know of it.” 
He spoke “Good. Then don’t ask me again. Just look up the information yourself online and you’ll find tons of websites on me including a bunch of fan made pages.”
He spoke that in memory of himself as governor told by a reporter talking to him in a one on one conversation for his King position campaign about the internet and what was found on there when they looked him up online. 
He glared at Gold who shrugged and spoke “Some of the internet information is rather inappropriate and don’t seem to be the truth hence me asking you point blank about several things from what I found online.” 
Jinks got up as Gold straightened up his form which he unfolded his arms and snarled in a growling tone “I’m not in the mood to talk so excuse me while I go inform my wife of this press conference to be used as Robert’s coming out party. I know her too well that she won’t take the news very well and will be in a bad mood once she hears of it.” 
He left the room unstopped by Gold and went to his bedroom to find Katherine in there reading an apparent book on the Master Organization from the cover seen. He sighed feeling himself annoyed for his attempts to get rid of the book Katherine got from a Peasant had always been shot down by her regardless of his argument insisting. Jinks went to Katherine and kneeled in front of her as she placed the book on her lap and stared at him with a familiar glare. 
He spoke “It’s not about the book this time. It’s about a reported monthly press conference happening today at 1pm. Your father insisted I take it but this time use it to flaunt Robert to the public in answer to demands for him to be seen.”  
Jinks sighed softly as Katherine’s eyes flared golden followed by her speaking sounding angry “Jeez Jinks, you had to pick a bad day for bringing up that subject. It’s our wedding anniversary and no I haven’t received a gift from you despite having something on hand for you.” 
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak “My gift was you to have an entire night’s sleep as promised to you that I would make sure Robert didn’t wake up for feeding or needing us to hold him.” 
He eyed her with a frown as she spoke of sarcasm “Ooh interesting gift you gave me but that doesn’t count for our wedding anniversary.”
Jinks heard the familiar tone in her voice that told him she was upset about something and was taking it out onto him as usual. He groaned and got up to stand with arms folded while staring at her glaring at him. He didn’t say a word instead went to sit on the bed and eyed the clock seeing he had several hours to go before the press conference and figured he’ll sit and just not say anything. Jinks heard Robert’s familiar noises sounding for him to hold him. He sighed and got up from the bed to notice Katherine had resumed reading the book to his disgust. Jinks went to the crib to pick up Robert and held his son in his arms hearing him fuss while having eyes flaring from Master in control to Human back and forth.  Jinks sighed knowing what was next as Robert opened his mouth to give off a loud wail while scrunching up his face which he quickly pacified his son with a pacifier keeping it in his mouth hearing the wailing noise sounding muffled. He exhaled a breath and inhaled willing the Master through as usual to eye Robert in the eyes that stopped his noises to stare at him back with all black eyes as a result of his son getting him to put that through by threatening to give off his loud wail noises and wailing whenever his demands wasn’t met. Jinks groaned softly eyeing Robert who brought hands to the hand holding the pacifier in his mouth and appeared to be picking onto it which he knew from memory was his son’s way of getting that thing out of his mouth. He obeyed to yank it out while keeping it pinned to Robert’s top by a string. 
He eyed Robert while thinking to himself “When is he going to get it that sign language is the way to communicate instead of making noises?”
Jinks frowned finding that Robert since two months ago was taught by him to communicate in sign language which was repeatedly used onto him but his son appeared to be not getting it that the signs was communication for his wants instead used various noises instead for his demands. 
He went to the bed to sit leaning back against the headboard and heard from Katherine sounding grumpy “No shoes on the bed Jinks.”              
Jinks sighed at the grumpy tone figured to himself that Katherine’s upset behavior was her too used to waking up to Robert’s noises of him demanding nourishment and wanting his parents holding him as he kicked off his shoes and put his sock feet onto the bed. Jinks eyed Robert while adjusting his son’s form to lie onto him on his front on his stomach and made sure it was in such a way his son wouldn’t slide off if his hands’ released their holds. He sensed Katherine staring at him from the familiar sense going off after she stared at him lengthy. Jinks didn’t comment a response to the staring instead stared at the wall across the bed in front of him while Robert he felt seemed to have fallen asleep by form still and noises stopped which he willed away the Master sensing no reaction from his son to that. Jinks sighed finding himself relieved from no reaction from Robert who usually woken up to wail again with the Master seen flaring in his eyes his demands for his father to have that mental ability in control. Jinks sighed figuring out that Robert had healed enough and grown enough to feel fine judging by no reaction or wake up from his son after the Master was willed away while he was lying on top of him. 
He leaned his head back and heard from Katherine “Jinks go to sleep now.”    
He stiffened from her using the voice talent obeyed to the compulsion order only to come to hearing the alarm clock ringing which he jerked open his eyes to find Katherine standing next to the bed wearing some dress suit that spoke “Put your shoes on now. You slept enough. Its time for that press conference which I expect you to have this Darkness in control period. I’m going to be there with Robert so you better not disappoint me on keeping our son from harm regardless of security doubled.”
He obeyed to get up putting on his shoes sensing Robert was in the crib from the familiar noises heard along with willing forwards the Darkness he shivered from the itchy feeling in his back in its familiar spot. 

“I’m wondering where’s this Jinks Montreal is as a battery while stuck here in Mars a victim of the High Council? I know that the High Council started copying the Rakcar and been putting people with importance to the group as batteries into Mars for preserving later on. I also figured out that batteries can live forever as long as their mind organ the brain is intact enough to function while the body is hooked up. I also figured from this joke that Zerra is playing involving a newly hooked up battery suffering from a memory erasing hence Zerra having me remember this Jinks Montreal for records later. I can still hear her snickering in my mind. Doesn’t she do anything other than laughing like a lunatic in my mind? She’s being weirdo as usual. Oh well anyway I have more memories of Jinks Montreal to remember but I got to go to sleep now. I’ll remember whatever memories Zerra puts onto me later for writing down. I’m just hoping that I’ll sleep despite Zerra keeping me up awake with her annoying snickering like laughter in my mind.” adds Brandis the Record Keeper’s notes.

End notes of Brandis the Record Keeper.
