War of Mars: I am a clone 2
Edenia Series 
By Beth Hoyer
Copyright Smashwords

Unabridged “I am Lance Richard, Deity Lord’s” file story with Editing as Brandis the Record Keeper and somewhat unedited story file included.

Acknowledgement:
“I, Brandis the Record Keeper keep on getting Zerra the Meritanian blaring the wording of ‘Jinks Montreal, being cloned!’ onto me and another word ‘Remember him!’
She keeps on saying that into some insisting, tone annoying me. I’m not entirely sure of what’s so special about this wording, I keep on getting. I don’t get it the name Jinks rhymes with inks, despite hearing a faint roaring noise of anger whenever thinking of the ink wording. Ugh. I might as well do what’s she’s blaring onto me and think of the name Jinks Montreal and hope I have an enough writing paper to write down his story.” 

 “Again Jinks seemed to be cloned and suffering from memories of the cloned copies. He’s still not acknowledging the cloned creation. What an idiot! His cloned copies are given to the High Council from some cloning tube machine in their base from an original of that cloned status. Ugh. Pity I’m glad I’m not that original Jinks Montreal himself. Ugh-“
‘You sure of that talk, Tam?’ interrupted by Zerra.
I’m not entirely sure of what’s she’s babbling about but the name of Tam seems familiar to me like I know it somewhere. I’m not sure where that name of Tam came from originally despite knowing of a Tam named Tam-Mykola MacLeod. Odd name! Left hand is still indicating on writing something. Ugh.”

Jinks came to sensing warmth hitting him felt the warmth was from a heated blanket wrap around his form with his clothes and shoes gone from him. He sensed himself lying on some mattress like bed jerked open his eyes to discover a masked Highlander standing next to the bed he recognized was a servant of the High Council. He eyed the Highlander that appeared to look away before resuming staring back at him. 
He heard Ramses’ voice speaking “High Council, servants report the victim is awake now.”
He frowned as Ramses continued talking “Barry will you calm down now! Just stop yelling at us! We can hear you so use normal voice tones so you don’t need to yell! Just stop being angry and calm down now so that the High Council can talk to you on something!”
He heard silence followed by Ramses’ voice continuing talking “Come on, Barry the High Council insist on talking to you so calm down now. Being in that nasty fit isn’t going to help matters when talking to the High Council. You might accidentally insult the High Council which they’ll take it serious and hit you with punishment so that’s a reason why you have to calm down.”
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that as Ramses continued talking “Barry, I’m not kidding on what I said. Several servants have come to the High Council in a bad mood and accidentally insulted the group due to how they were feeling and were punished harshly in response to that insult. I warn you that the High Council doesn’t take insults very well and are very stern on punishing people insulting them. You don’t want that to happen to you so calm down now will you please?”
He sighed softly as he shifted his eyes to stare at the ceiling with a frown focusing on listening to Ramses’ talk as the Meritanian continued talking “Barry! I meant it with what I said! Calm down now!”
Jinks heard from Lance as Ramses became silent “I don’t know what but my senses cued to Barry are telling me that this anger, he’s feeling is something related to him being emotionless towards various people and things in his life. I think this anger of his got triggered by something it’s now full blown within him taking control forcing him to stop feeling emotionless. He’s reacting badly from it by being angry.” 
Jinks frowns as the headache he felt continued with silence from Ramses as he shifted his eyes towards the Highlander. Jinks sensed with annoyance running through him was actually scanning his mind that looked away with headache stopping appearing to look elsewhere. 
Jinks again heard from Lance “Humph, on the High Council on being not smart enough to figure out what I figured out related to Barry. Perhaps that they’ll finally get the message even if it’s through you as well.”
Jinks heard nothing else from Lance as he eyed the Highlander to hear a sound of a door sliding open and closed then the male looked back at him headache again felt. 
He continued to hear silence from Lance as he stared back at the Highlander sensing the staring was lengthy unknowingly of the time frame till he heard Ramses’ voice speaking “Yah on what you said it’s true and heard him say it to us on this.” 
Jinks frowned as the scene changed which he felt metal on his back and familiar gloved hands grabbing his arms and yanking him up to stand. He narrowed his eyes forming a glare on his face seeing he was in the High Council’s throne room and noticed the speakers both had heads bowed. He stiffened as an image flashed in his mind. Jinks bowed his head and shut his eyes to see himself clearly in his mind, naked, backing away from a female form, whose face was of a gonoid dubbed fish and she had fanged teeth. He felt a headache of his mind being scanned hitting him as the image continued to repeat in his mind in some loop. He felt himself confused as to what the image in his mind meant till he saw himself stopped backing to lean forwards towards the fish faced woman and kissed her on the lips. The woman kissed him back followed by the image going away with a rope seen along with lightening and darkness clear in his mind followed by the headache stopping. 
He opened his eyes and glared at the High Council finding the speakers already had their heads up as Shad spoke “Interesting scenario Horus.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut only to hear from Anubis speaking in a loud whisper “Talk Horus now.” 
Jinks spoke “I don’t know what’s the point of talking, when all I can think of is insults, so excuse me, while I shut up.” 
Jinks got a fist into his stomach by Anubis which he glared at the gonoid head warrior who whispered loudly “That’s not what the High Council wanted to hear from you, Horus so speak it now.” 
He spoke “Fine somebody explains this joke scenario I got in my mind that you saw from scanning me. I don’t even know what it means anyway.” 
He again got a fist into his stomach along with Anubis speaking “Not appropriate, Horus so speak what the High Council want.” 
Jinks glared at Anubis who looked away towards the High Council which he looked at the group to hear Lance sounding in his mind “Just say thank you for helping you with a problem in your mind from them scanning you.” 
He spoke refraining from sounding of sarcasm “By the way thanks for helping me with a problem in my mind.”
He heard from Shad “Ramses transport Horus to the Tee Dees now for his rudeness.” 
Jinks heard growling sounds from the Falcons sensing their holds still on his arms as Ramses spoke “Sorry High Council can’t do that order due to an angry certain someone used their voice talent on us to prevent that from happening. I’m not sure if we can still do any transporting or not due to that this someone is pretty furious and is taking it out on various people around that person.” 
He figured to himself that it was Barry as Onya spoke sounding annoyed “Ramses, don’t tell me that this fool is Barry himself.” 
He heard from Ramses “Sorry it is that person you’re referring to who’s still angry. He won’t calm down despite people’s attempts to do the job.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Shad spoke “Well then transport Horus to Barry and have him produce Lance Richard who should do the job of calming that Builder down now.” 
He felt the Falcons’ holds on his arms gone along with the scene changed to find himself in a bedroom with Barry seated on the bed appearing to look like sleeping while sitting up despite feet on the floor. Jinks eyed Barry who opened his eyes and looked in his direction with a familiar glare expression on his face with eyes golden. 
He figured to himself “Barry wanted me to talk.” spoke the image in his mind. 
“The High Council scanned me at the time, along with me speaking a thank you comment to them.  The group wanted me dumped onto Tee Dees. Ramses said he couldn’t do it, hinting that someone used some voice order to prevent that from happening. I continued saying that the High Council pointed the finger at Barry as the one responsible. Ramses confirmed saying that Barry wasn’t in a good mood at the moment.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as he stopped talking to stare at Barry who spoke sounding angry “Interesting Jinks. I’m surprised that the High Council thinks that Lance Richard can help me with this matter when I have to do it alone period.” 
He frowned hearing Barry’s words as Barry looked away while shutting his eyes and appeared to have some concentration look on his face followed by speaking in gibberish. Jinks found the scene changed to find he in the living room of the penthouse hearing a throat clearing noise off his right. Jinks looked to see his familiar Highlander butler McCork who didn’t look surprised to see him and his nakedness. 
He formed a glare and spoke “Excuse me.” 
He glared as McCork who blocked his way while clearing his throat which he halted and spoke “Out with it now.” 
McCork he glared at pointed a finger at his eyes and jabbed it in his direction. Jinks frowned hearing no roaring noises sounding in his mind exhaled a breath to will away the Master and then heard the familiar roaring noises. 
He glared at McCork as he spoke “Anything I missed while I was indisposed?”
Jinks glared as McCork spoke “Nothing to concern you except some rumor about a certain group is that they have selected a female to be paired with you. I’m not sure when this pairing takes effect or who this female is but I suspect the group is up to something with the pairing.” 
Jinks spoke as McCork stopped talking “Fine, so excuse me, while I go attend to myself and have something for me to eat ready.” 
He heard from the butler “Actually its bedtime at the moment which you should be sleeping.” 
He frowned staring at McCork who added “Time zones Master Jinks, don’t you know anything about them?”
He inhaled a breath recalling what they were, spoke “Fine. I’ll go to bed but keep me updated on any news around here in the city involving me.”
He got a head bob from the butler whom he walked off sensing McCork following him to the bedroom which he slammed the doors shut once inside. 
Jinks felt sleepiness growled an annoyed sound to mentally speak “Can’t you at least let me take a shower first before going to sleep?”
He heard from Lance “Jinks, the Meritanians are occupied at the moment so their not doing that sleepiness thing, bothering you, so just go to sleep and shower in the morning.” 
He obeyed to get onto the bed and pulled the blankets up his chest and adjusted his position till he was lying on his left side with an arm on his front out of the blankets and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm blare its noises growled an annoyed sound and rolled over throwing the blankets over his head with such force. He felt vibrations of someone on the bed getting up and off it which he jerked opened his eyes and forced himself to sit up looking around. He sensed no one in the bathroom from the light off but peered at the closet doors seeing them look ajar and sensed someone was in there peering at him. 
He got up from the bed to hear a loud gasp sound coming from the closet doors followed by Lance sounding in his mind “Jinks leave her alone. Let her show herself when she’s ready.” 
He mentally spoke as he looked away “So you know it’s a female?”
He heard from Lance in response “Who else but a female would be in bed with you? So leave her alone and let her show herself when she’s ready.” 
He exhaled a breath to go into the bathroom blinking his eyes from the lights turning on and shook his head which he hit the shower stall cleaning himself thoroughly. He sensed himself spied on ignored the spying to continue showering. Jinks once done walked out shutting off the water and heard a door slam in response as he grabbed the towel to dry himself. 
He eyed the bathroom door finding it shut and felt annoyance take hold as he put away the towel mentally spoke “What’s going on with her and her scared attitude?”
He heard from Lance “Just leave her alone, period.” 
He mentally recalled his cat Sable mentally spoke “Don’t I have a cat around here somewhere that could help her with the scared attitude?”
He got from Lance “Sorry Jinks, the High Council had the cat taken away emphasizing that the gonoid scares Highlanders. They seemed like they had plans for you, their servants would carry out and didn’t want interference from that.” 
He gave up a sound of disgust as Lance became silent which he eyed the sink counter to find two piles of clothes folded on it. He eyed the one in black picked it up to find it was clothes for him. The clothes were business wear clothes he put on his form along with brushing his hair from a hairbrush looking masculine from its color. 
He walked out of the bathroom to see the closet doors looked ajar sighed and went to them only to get them slamming shut in response with Lance yelling in his mind “You to leave the female alone!” 
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth and left the bedroom slamming the doors as he saw McCork in the hallway looking at him with some frown expression. 
He spoke “No, I haven’t met the female who’s scared of me and hid herself from me.” 
He added “You’ll find her in the closet last time I checked, so tell me is breakfast on the table?”
He heard from McCork “Yes breakfast is on the table. Excuse me, while I go coax this female you say out of hiding.”
He walked away ignoring the butler despite hearing his bedroom doors opening and closing sounding behind him. Jinks reached the dining room to find two spots there holding trays having dishware of foods. He sat down at his regular spot and forced himself to take his time eating and drinking then once done get up and walked out of the dining room.
Jinks thinking to he “I’m of hitting the gym room to do karate.” 
He saw McCork in the hallway standing with an annoyed expression on his face. Jinks notice Human like hands on his form which suggested to him that the female was hiding herself behind the butler. Jinks groaned and went into the gym room shutting the doors which he sensed himself filmed eyed the room finding them still having their familiar cameras along with familiar objects in the walls. 
He fell into a perfect split and got yelled at from Lance “You idiot on doing that split move when you should be doing it for emergencies instead of whenever you wanted to stretch!” 
Jinks sighed and didn’t respond to Lance’s chatter ignored his father who became silent proceeded to do his stretching exercises and once done swung himself up and proceeded to do his drills. Jinks figuring out he might as well test his karate movements before doing his Kata. He sensed himself during the drilling spied on to notice the gym room doors ajar and blue eyes peering at him from there. 
He felt annoyance take hold heard from Lance “Jinks, I took the liberty of telling her off that you hate being spied on like that while doing Karate. I even managed to tell this butler of yours to inform her of this if she doesn’t get my communication message.” 
He didn’t comment a response went into his Kata to notice during his movements the doors open wide and female wearing a blue dress of the Peasant group looking familiar to him standing in the doorway watching him. He frowned sensing she seemed nervous as he continued his karate and once done end with a bow towards a wall to turn towards her. Jinks again heard the doors slam in response to frown finding her in the room with the doors shut. He sensed she seemed familiar along with nervous frowned staring at her features seeing she had brown long hair, blue eyes and a freckled face, with an appearance of being in her twenties which he sensed she was older than that. He frowned staring at her in the eyes seeing them have various emotions running through them. 
Jinks heard from Lance abruptly “Humph, Ramses blabbed to me that she’s paired to you that High Council wanted to teach this female a lesson on something the Meritanian has refused to say what it is.” 
He heard nothing more from Lance as he stared at the female with a frown and stiffened as a familiar feeling hit him along with urges hitting him grimaced from that inwardly. 
He continued to stare at the female as the urges ran through him which he took several steps towards her sensing her still nervous which he ignored to reach her putting hands on her shoulders. Jinks felt her stiffen from his touch as he adjusted his hold to force her down on the padded floor onto a lying position which he loomed over her and brought his lips to her lips kissing her there sensing no resistance from her.  
Jinks heard Lance’s familiar voice sounding in his mind “She is deaf and her baby carrier has been removed.” 
He heard nothing else from Lance as he broke off the kiss to pull up her dress sensing no resistance from her as he bared her from the waist down seeing she was wearing some short black dress underneath and lifted that up as well showing no underwear on her form. He smirked and adjusted his clothes to free his sensitive part and adjusted her legs to make room for him which he entered her and heard a gasp from the female as he thrust in and out of her, feeling her not protesting to the mating ritual. Jinks sighed feeling charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her and spilled himself inside her and again made another round of mating which he sensed her not shocked by it. He again spilled himself inside her and gently kissed her on the cheek then pulled out pulling her dresses down covering her. He lay on his back and adjusted his clothes covering his sensitive part along with making them look neat which he got up instead of using karate. He stood up and leaned down pulling the female up to stand and hugged her feeling like needing to do it sensing her not resisting to it. 
He released her and heard from Lance speaking “Humph! Ramses is talking to her at the moment telling her off that she did it again! His talk is in letting some male take advantage of her through mating rituals! She has been doing since she started having relationships with males! The High Council doesn’t find her excuse of you being the Master a good reason for that mating ritual!” 
He frowned hearing that felt sleepiness shook his head and fell towards the padded floor shutting his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to finding himself in some familiar scenario that told him he was contained in some tube asleep judging by the scene of the High Council’s army barrack while wearing clothes on his form and shoed boots on his feet. He sighed and shut his eyes only to get a hand shaking his shoulder. Jinks jerked open his eyes with annoyance to see a familiar male he recognized as Youngling standing over him that straightened up his form. 
Jinks sighed as Youngling spoke “Get up Jihad. Glad you’re back from being borrowed. I’m like the others are itching to learn more of this combative art you’ve been teaching us.” 
He exhaled a breath to get up from the bed and got told “I order you to take a shower!” by Youngling.
Jinks obeyed finding himself spied on by Youngling appearing to scrutiny him which he ignored then got into his clothes and boots. 
He gave Youngling a glare and spoke “Where’s Fatherland at the moment anyway?”
He heard in response “Right here and about time you came back so hit the mess hall now and get some nourishment. You have lots to teach us on combative art.” 
He didn’t comment a response to notice the General standing nearby the door which he walked out followed by Youngling. Jinks went to the mess hall room which inside he noticed no one in there. He got some nourishment and went to sit down which Youngling sat down next to him and noticed that the male didn’t have a tray of food with him. He ate the food taking his time along with drinking the drink then once done got up and put away the dishes and tray.  He went to the gym to find recruits there along with the General and from the looks of things they appeared to be practicing karate onto each other and weren’t doing his karate teachings. He heard a howl from Youngling besides him to see recruits and the general looking in his direction. 
Jinks didn’t comment as the General spoke “About time so teach us, Jihad.” 
He spoke out loud “Fine, I’ll teach you but you got to explain why your not practicing the combative art I taught you.” 
He heard from Youngling in response “We can’t remember much of your teachings, Jihad. Believe me we tried to remember and so did the General when he attempted to teach us.”
Jinks gave up humph sound and didn’t comment in response walked into the gym room. Jinks or clone of him, contained in a tube like an idiot, still not acknowledging that cloned status, got the General and recruits to line up and proceeded to teach them his karate drills by him demonstrating the moves and seeing them copy him. He got them to spar fight with each other in pairs and found he paired with Youngling that one of the recruits was missing. Jinks found himself easily defeating Youngling who used what teachings he could to fight him.  
He kept this up till a horn sounded loudly and heard from the general “Hit the mess hall and eat now!” 
He obeyed with recruits to the mess hall which inside he got some nourishment and sat next to Youngling with Library and Flyer at a table and took his time eating the food along with drinking the drink. He noticed the others at the table were copying him by the way they ate their foods and drank their drinks. He leaned back once done to see the others did the same thing as well.
Jinks spoke as Youngling leaned back “Who’s borrowed anyway?”
He heard from the General sounding nearby loudly “That would be Mister Scowls. He’s borrowed at the moment and I’m not sure when he’ll be back.”
Jinks frowned hearing that to hear from Ramses sounding in his mind “You want someone to teach you combative art by the First Ones then get a First One to do that teaching period. Don’t blame me for transporting that Highlander with the weird name of Migi off planet despite him being fluent in combative art. You really should use a First One to teach you anyway.” 
Jinks felt the headache stop heard from Youngling “Spill it Jihad, what did Ramses say to you?”
He spoke “Mister Scowls has been borrowed on a permanent basis as in Ramses transporting him off planet, the High Council tried to get him to teach servants combative art. The Meritanians have their minds set that only a First One can teach the High Council combative art period-”
He was interrupted by Ramses’ voice speaking “Go to sleep, Horus.” 
Jinks felt sleepiness shut his eyes and came to hearing ringing noises to discover himself in the High Council’s throne room restrained by the Falcons wearing gloves on their hands. He again got in his mind the scene of him backing away from a female with a fish gonoid face which he saw himself back up three times as a headache was felt. He shut his eyes and saw the scene which changed to show. Jinks saw kissing the female on the lips whose form changed into a Human female he recognized as Katherine and frowned to see the scene again changed. He saw a coffin lying on a slab illuminated by a spotlight surrounded by inky darkness which he went to it seeing it was glass and see through. He saw a female lying inside looking old that took him a few moments to recognize as Jacinda whose form shifted to Katherine and back. Jinks frowned feeling himself confused as the scene stopped followed by an image of a rope flashing in his mind with darkness behind it and a lightening show which he felt his headache stopped. 
Jinks opened his eyes and raised his head to glare at the High Council as Anubis spoke “I urged you to talk!” 

“Appears this Katherine is a clone of Jacinda, the original female paired to Lance Richard, either created by the High Council to amuse them or he came upon that deity business himself. I’m not sure but Zerra is snickering in my mind again. Ugh.”

Jinks spoke “Well thanks for fixing the mess in my mind. Just want someone to explain what the depths it is anyway.” 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Ramses transport Horus to his home location in a private location please.” 
He felt the Falcons’ grips off his arms and found he in the library room of the penthouse and folded his arms feeling himself annoyed with the High Council. He stiffened as he felt clothes on his form which he examined himself to discover his familiar black business wear clothing were cladding him along with his shoes. 
He exhaled a breath and left the library slamming the doors while yelling “McCork!”
Jinks folded his arms feeling himself annoyed as the butler came up to him from running down the hallway, panting out of breath. 
He spoke “Tell me what time is now and what I’m supposed to be doing?”
He glared at McCork who spoke while gasping for breath “Its bedtime for you now and you should be sleeping.” 
He spoke “Fine! Tell me is that female still around and what name is she calling herself?”
Jinks resumed glaring at the butler who spoke gasping halted “She’s dubbed Yeliza by a certain group. I suspect it’s not her actual name, her hesitant to use that name when people communicate with her through hand language. She was seen going into your bedroom, sir.” 
Jinks spoke “Fine dismissed while I go retire for the night. Excuse me.” 
He walked away sensing the butler not following him to go to his bedroom which inside after shutting the doors he found Yeliza lying in bed appearing to be asleep while holding a book in her hand and lamp on.  Jinks eyed Yeliza and figured to he that he might as well let her sleep. He took off his clothes but left his underwear shorts on his form and got into the bed seeing she was still sleeping. He took the book from her hand and placed it on the dresser marking where she was in it and shut off the lamp next to it then leaned back staring at her. 
Jinks eyed Yeliza who didn’t stir which he felt himself itching to mate “I figured it was me doing it and not the Meritanians from the feeling hitting me.” 
He leaned down and kissed Yeliza on the neck while putting a hand on her side only to feel her wake up hitting him on the head with her hands fisted. Jinks halted the kissing to lean over Yeliza seeing that she wasn’t able to see in the dark which he turned on the lamp and leaned back staring at her. She, he saw gave him a glare which he leaned down and resumed kissing her on the neck only to get her fists hitting him. 
He broke off the kiss to sign to her “Tell me about yourself since you’re paired to me.”
He got an eye roll from Yeliza who twisted her form till her back was facing him along with form still. Jinks felt annoyance take hold along with still itching to mate thrust her form onto her back waking her up and grabbed her wrists with his hands. Jinks brought them together into one hand grip and proceeded to kiss her on the lips. He ignored Lance’s familiar voice as Yeliza bit his lip in response breaking off the kiss and struggled in his hand hold while giving him a glare. He willed the Master through and brought his free hand to Yeliza’s neck in a tight hold and narrowed his eyes glaring at her as she halted her movements. 
He mouthed sensing she could lip read “You will submit to me or else.” 
He gave her a glare and released his hold on her neck and with the free hand brought the nightgown up baring her from the waist down as she glared at him. He kept his eyes onto Yeliza’s eyes and with his free hand freed himself from his underwear shorts and thrust himself on top of her and entered her easily manipulating her legs despite resistance from her. He felt the familiar feelings of pleasure hitting him each time he entered Yeliza sensing she was feeling the same thing but divided on whether to enjoy it or not. He spilled himself inside Yeliza and again did another round of mating and once done pulled out freeing her wrists and adjusted the underwear shorts to cover himself. He rolled over to his side of the bed feeling he satisfied having his mating urge fulfilled and shut his eyes. He wound up dreaming of that fish face female again and stiffened as the same images continued till Katherine was in front of him wearing Jacinda’s clothing and shifting from Jacinda’s old form to Katherine’s form back and forth. 
He stared at her as she spoke “Jinks recognize me? You know me as Katherine but I’m really Jacinda. I said I would return for death wouldn’t keep me. I have something the High Council tried to keep from you.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing her admission heard screaming sounds as the female placed a hand on his cheek which he pushed his face into it followed by his eyes forced shut. 

He came to finding himself lying on a rugged floor, hands covering his eyes and he was screaming sounding out the noises he heard while with the female. 

“The male, a clone of Jinks despite some name of Tam-Mykola MacLeod kept flashing into my mind involving the memories of this Jinks Montreal. Odd, the male continued to scream as he remembered memories of his time with an old Jacinda along with his time with Katherine till she passed away flashed in his mind.” 

He felt metal on his back along with a gloved hand covering his mouth cutting off his screaming noises along with gloved hands on his arms and forced into a standing position formed a glare finding himself in the High Council’s presence. He felt his mind scanned to notice the speakers’ heads were down.
Jinks I assumed, was he, thought of various vulgar language comments like “Drat the High Council! Damn the High Council!”
Till the speakers raise their heads and headache continued to his annoyance. 
He glared as Shad spoke “Despite the inappropriate language we have achieved what we wanted. Ramses transport Horus to the Tee Dees now.” 
He felt hands off him and found he in the familiar forest with sun shining overhead along with feeling filmed. He saw the bushes rumbled showing Tee Dees walking out in a circle around him. The male appearing to be a clone of someone else punished snarled out a vulgar language comment with the word you included. Tsk such language. His vulgarity caused the Tee Dees halted their walking to give him double take looks along with darting away into the bushes which he sensed that they were watching him in hiding. Jinks as I calls him, again felt himself in the High Council’s throne room arms grabbed and a hand covering his mouth along with headache of mind scanned felt. 
He glared at the High Council as Anubis spoke in a loud whisper “Talk and Ramses will speak for you.” 
Jinks felt rage hitting him mentally ordered his body to charge up with electricity while hearing Ramses talking about it “He’s bringing his body up to charge of electricity.” as he brought his bare feet onto the Falcons’ bare legs and heard awks from them as they released their holds on his arms. 
He felt his mouth freed opened his mouth to give off a roar only to feel a rage episode come onto him putting him out. 

Jinks came to finding he lying on a rugged floor a hand masculine from the feel holding his wrists together along with a hand covering his mouth. 
He mentally spoke “I ordered myself to charge of electricity.” only to get it backfire onto him abruptly. 
Jinks heard from Lance “Jinks stop it! It’s Barry who’s restraining you! Stop it now!”
He obeyed to say “I to mentally order the charging to stop.” along with concentrating onto Barry kneeling next to him who the Builder spoke “Murder not the answer, Jinks.” 
He felt himself freed sat up as Barry got up from the floor with cane in hand to give him a familiar glare stare. 
Jinks forced he to get up awkwardly as he spoke “I guess I know where your loyalties lie.”                      
He folded his arms as Barry spoke “Loyalties aren’t important, Jinks.” 
Jinks again got the familiar glare stare from Barry looked around the room to find the door went to it without a word and stood staring at it with arms still folded back to the Builder. He heard gibberish spoken from Barry found himself in the High Council’s throne room arms grabbed and hand covering his mouth along with headache of mind scanned felt. 
He glared at the High Council as Onya spoke “You’re what First Ones dub a doormat, Horus.” 
He continued to glare as he mentally thought “This is not what I had in mind to hear from the High Council.” 
He heard his words repeated by Ramses “Says this is not what I had in mind to hear from the High Council.” forced his mind to become blank as Shad spoke “Doormat Horus. Do you know what it is, hmm?”
He mentally spoke “Since I’m what you’re dubbing then I want an explanation to your attitude towards me. Such as throwing me into sleeper tubes and having me as food for gonoids dubbed Tee Dees.” 
He heard his words repeated by Ramses as Shad spoke “Explanations aren’t necessary, Horus. Just remember your life with that female offspring you dub with that odd name, Victoria.” 
He frowned as memories spilled in his mind showing various scenarios to discover to his annoyance what the High Council meant by them dubbing him a doormat. He felt himself getting angry from the memories spilling into his mind shut his eyes bowing his head despite his mouth covered to fist his hands digging his nails into his palms. He felt the rage running through him to find himself freed from the hands abruptly and folded his arms while feeling the floor was different from his feet’s feel. 
He gave up a growling sound feeling his rage running through him only to hear from Lance abruptly “Jinks, stop it now! The High Council is manipulating you again from the looks of things so quit that angry mood now!”
He obeyed willing himself to calm while mouth breathing and found his anger going away which he raised his head opening his eyes to eye the bed finding Yeliza asleep onto it. He shifted his eyes towards the alarm clock seeing it blare the time of nine o’clock in the evening. Jinks went to the bed and got into it yanking the blankets towards he and rolled over back towards Yeliza and shut his eyes forcing himself to sleep only to dream of facing Lance. 
He glared at Lance who spoke “Jinks, will that away now.”
He sensed the Master in control obeyed and heard from his father “Someone is manipulating things involving you, have gotten the High Council to give you that doormat point of view. I know that group too well that they would never say it to your face unless someone is doing manipulating, trying to stop the manipulator from using you so that you’ll be under their control again.” 
He shrugged in response figuring out that it was best not to talk as Lance continued “That manipulator was responsible for pointing out that Jacinda/Katherine connection to you, the High Council would never do that. I know that group too well that they wouldn’t do such a thing like that to people instead prefers their servants to do their work instead. They would have Ajax pointed out that connection to you instead of having you see this in your mind.” 
He kept his mouth shut as Lance forced his eyes shut and he passed out unconscious to come to hearing the alarm blaring its noises which he growled an annoyed sound and threw the blankets over his head. 
He heard from Lance “Jinks get up and start your day now. That alarm clock thing can’t be helped that you’ll keep on sleeping without waking up thanks to the stunts the High Council did to you sickening Tee Dees onto you.” 
Jinks opened his eyes and threw the blankets off of him to find Yeliza not in bed and eyed the bathroom door to find it shut with a light peeking from underneath. 
He got up and spoke “Rude!” and went to the bathroom door putting a hand on the doorknob to find it locked. 
Jinks backed up and waved a hand sensing that trick could be done whether he had the Master in control or not and found the door opening ajar. He entered the bathroom to find Yeliza in the tub that made a loud gasping sound seeing him. He slammed the door shut and locked it then without a word of acknowledgement towards Yeliza he stripped himself of his underwear shorts again hearing a gasping sound from her. He entered the shower stall ignoring her and showered thoroughly sensing her watching him and continued to ignore her. Jinks got out of the shower and grabbed a towel drying he thoroughly once done put the towel away and folded his arms forming a glare on his face aimed at Yeliza not caring that his sensitive part was seen. He glared at Yeliza who looked away and resumed washing herself which he watched her do it followed by she getting up not hiding herself from him. Jinks eyed her body with a frown to notice it was different from female forms he usually was aware of when mating with them. He continued to stare at Yeliza who got a towel and dried herself off then went to the sink counter which he followed to pick up clothes in black as she did the same picking up clothes in blue. He kept an eye on her as he put on his clothes and shoes seeing her wearing familiar Peasant wear garb along with brushing her hair in quick moves before walking pass him towards the door. 
Jinks saw her in the middle of buttoning up his top shot out his right hand and grabbed Yeliza’s arm who gave up a gasp sound which he saw her looking at him mouthed “I didn’t say you could leave.” 
He glared at Yeliza who looked down and folded her arms which he released his hold on her arm and resumed buttoning up this top and in the middle of tucking it in his pants saw her dart pass him and towards the bathroom door.
Jinks mentally spoke “I mentally ordered paralysis to hit her legs by waving a hand.” 
He saw his order obeyed seeing her tip toss back and forth along with sensing that order was done by not having the Master in control.  Jinks ignored Yeliza as he finished tucking in his pants and brushed his hair. 
He heard a female voice sounding odd to him speaking “You’re not known to do this to your loyal subjects, Master.” 
Jinks ignored the voice figuring it was from Yeliza who spoke it as he continued to brush his hair and once done place the brush down on the sink counter and turned towards her eyes narrowed in a glare. He walked up towards Yeliza and mentally ordered the paralysis gone from her as he grabbed her by the arm and thrust her form to face him seeing her eyes met his eyes with nervousness in them. 
Jinks snarled mouthing his words “You will obey me as your Master, period now. I don’t give a damn to what you’ve heard about me and how I treat people you dub as loyal subjects. I insist you and who else in the Master Organization submit to me as my servant and me as your Master, period.” 
He gave Yeliza a shake with hands on her arms and without a word walked away from her thrusting aside the bathroom door and slammed it shut behind him with a loud bang sound. He went to the bedroom doors finding his mood foul and slammed them open to find McCork there that gave him a frown expression on the Highlander’s face. 
Jinks spoke “Is breakfast ready?”
He ignored the rude tone he used to speak his words as McCork spoke with a frowning tone “Yes it is. It’s on the table for you and Yeliza.” 
He snarled out “Go attend to Yeliza who’s probably crying in the bathroom anyway so dismissed.” 
He walked away hearing the butler not following him which he went to the dining room and sat down finding a tray holding dishware full of food which he ate taking his time and drank the drink. Once done, get up and left the dining room passing by Yeliza which he again ignored her. 
He went to the gym room feeling he itching to do karate and once inside fell into a perfect split only to get yelled at by Lance sounding in his mind “Don’t do that!” 
Jinks responded with “So what?” aimed at his father and added “It’s my body and I can do what I wanted with it period. Lance should shut up period.” 
He heard nothing else from Lance figured to himself “My father was annoyed at me for my comments and wasn’t going to respond.” 
He proceeded to do his stretching exercises along with getting up by karate swing up move and went into his drills then into his Kata and ended with a bow towards the gym doors finding them shut. 
He felt his mood stopped being foul which he walked out of the gym room slamming open the doors and yelled out “McCork!”  
Jinks felt annoyance take hold as the butler came from the hallway appearing to be from the dining room while huffing of breath who came up to him gasping out “Some…thing…I,,..can…do…for…you…sir?”
Jinks snarled “Was Yeliza crying in the bathroom like I said she was?”
He glared at McCork who appeared to gulp before speaking “I don’t know. I came into the bedroom to see her walk out of the bathroom looking not too upset to me.” 
His senses blared telling him that “Liar.” willed the Master through and mentally spoke “I ordered the butler’s legs to feel paralysis.” as he spoke “Liar! You’re lying! So tell me the truth now!”
He fisted his hands while glaring at McCork who appeared to do another gulping motion with his throat before speaking “Yeliza asked me not to say to you what was going on in the bathroom when I found her there.” 
His senses told him that McCork was telling the truth which he spoke “Tell me what Yeliza say to you now.” 
Jinks got a head shake from McCork who spoke “Sorry, I oath to her I wouldn’t say anything to you about it.” 
Jinks gave up a growling sound walked forwards towards McCork which he grabbed the butler by the jacket and lifted the male up dangling his feet and spoke “You will tell me what Yeliza made you oath now.” 
He glared at McCork who spoke “Why don’t you ask her herself since she’s in the hallway next to you, hmm?”
He dropped McCork sensing the butler’s words were the truth and sensed Yeliza standing next to him which he willed away the paralysis to see the Highlander darting down the hallway away from him. 
Jinks turned to glare at Yeliza and didn’t flinch as her hand slapped him on the cheek followed by her speaking sounding annoyed “Don’t I have any privacy around here, Master?”
Jinks felt rage take hold in swift moves grabbed Yeliza by the armpits and in a fast move thrust her back onto the wall and thrust her form up above him holding her in place which he narrowed his eyes glaring at her. 
He didn’t say a word as Yeliza gave him a glare and she spoke “Kindly put me down now, Master.” 
Jinks bared his teeth in response to her comments and resumed holding her up above him. 
He heard from Lance abruptly “Jinks, the Meritanians are laughing again in that sick tone they’ve used whenever they pull manipulating jokes onto people including the High Council.”
He gave up a growling sound in response released Yeliza letting her fall to the floor.
Jinks looked away folding his arms bowing his head shutting his eyes mouth breathing mentally spoke “I’m ordering myself to calm despite my foul mood.” 
He didn’t flinch as Yeliza’s fist connected with his face followed by hearing her walk away from him sounding like she was going to the library from the direction she was walking to. 
He fisted his hands to hear from Lance again “Ah, Ajax figured out how to alert the High Council that the pain machines used on the Meritanians were out of commission, by manipulating the plants to play some joke, just to get them laughing. Even get them to ignore the signal for giving off pain whenever the High Council orders the machines to target them.” 
He didn’t comment a response as Lance continued talking “Jinks, find a place to sit and sleep I want to talk to you face to face now.” 
He obeyed figuring that he’ll go to the bedroom and do what Lance ordered there which he shut the doors behind him and went to a wingback chair, sat leaning back. Jinks wound up shutting his eyes to dream of facing Lance who was glaring at the laughing Meritanians sounding hysterical to him. 
He spoke “Father, what-“
He cut himself off as Lance looked at him with an all black eyed glare before resuming glaring at the Meritanians. He twisted his form to stare at the Meritanians that were still giving off hysterical laughter. 
He sensed a light show off his right looked to find Ajax there that spoke “Predecessor, please.”   
Jinks felt annoyance take hold as his eyes were forced shut without a warning to find himself underneath a tree where Lance and Ajax were standing on the beach, both glaring at the Meritanians still hysterically laughing. Jinks frowned seeing that scene as he felt a hand grab his chin and thrust his face away from it to look off his left. Jinks stiffened seeing Jacinda who looked serious by the expression on her face. 
He frowned as Jacinda spoke “Even the dead aren’t going to keep me from you anyway.” 
He spoke recalling some memories of Lance and Jacinda rejecting him despite his father forcing her to accept “What’s with the attitude towards me when I recall you didn’t seem interested in my father anyway despite him forcing you to accept him?”
He frowned as Jacinda spoke “Interested in your father? Actually it was you I was more interested in and preferred. Besides I was willing to wait for you to come to me when the time arrived something your father refused to accept from me. He kept throwing himself at me just to use me for his urges of breeding offspring. He didn’t seem interested in using various females despite me insisting to him to do it instead just used me. I had to put matters in my own hands just too permanently get out of his obsession towards me and get myself into your hands as well.”
Jinks frowned opened his mouth only to get his eyes forced shut came to standing up with a jerk from the chair to see Yeliza running away from him towards the open bedroom doors. 
He spoke “I mentally ordered paralysis to hit Yeliza’s legs.” seeing it hit home by her tipping and tossing back and forth. 
Jinks folded his arms and walked towards Yeliza till he was in front of her and heard from her “Kindly release me, Master.”
He shook his head in a no gesture and pointed a finger at his lips and mouthed “Spill it tells me who you preferred as your mate now even if it’s not me.” 
Jinks felt he annoyed as Yeliza in response spoke “Kindly release me now, Master. You’re not dictatorial enough to do that torture towards your loyal subjects.” 
He felt annoyance take hold in response walked away going to the doors only to hear her speaking halting his walking “Master, you’re known to be kind and generous towards loyal subjects and sympathizing with their pains enough to help them ease their suffering as they pray to you for mercy. I’m asking you to do towards me.” 
Jinks fisted his hands bowing his head mentally thinking “Drat! Damn the High Council!” along with thinking “What the depths?! The High Council must have used some kind of propaganda about me towards the Master Organization hence this bit Yeliza is talking about.” 
He heard from Lance in response “Sorry Jinks, Yeliza isn’t kidding on what she’s talking about. It’s true I’m known to be like that towards believers. Also I figured out that the High Council calling you a doormat was them manipulating you to be mean towards people just to trash your status towards them.” 
He brought hands to his hair and ran hands through the strands yanking on them as he mentally said again via mental thoughts “Damn the High Council! Screw that group! Drat!” aimed at the High Council along with mentally yelling “The High Council is dead! Dead! You hear me?! I’ll do what it takes to kill them off period till the group is permanently gone!”
He heard nothing from Lance turned around opening his eyes to wave away the paralysis from Yeliza and without a word stomped passed her to the wingback chair to sit in it. He leaned forwards putting elbows on his thighs along with hands on his face gently rubbing the area while shutting his eyes. 
He heard Yeliza’s voice speaking “You kindly tell me why you’re treating me inappropriately instead of what you normally treat your loyal subjects?”
Jinks in response raised his head from his hands and stared at Yeliza which he found himself falling backwards only to hit metal floor along with arms grabbed by familiar hands feeling gloved and a gloved hand clamping over his mouth as he was forced to stand. He again felt the headache of his mind scanned eyed the speakers to see them having heads bowed.
Jinks thought of various rude language comments along with snarling “I give threats towards the High Council to get out of scanning my mind!” and even used the words “Or else as well!” 
He glared at the High Council as the headache was stopped followed by speakers raising their heads and Shad speaking “Despite the inappropriate use of language and unacceptable wording including we have achieved what we wanted. Ramses transport Horus to the Tee Dees for his rudeness towards us for trying to help him with a problem.” 
Jinks felt the hands off him and found himself in the jungle to sense Tee Dees hiding in the vicinity and discovered that the gonoids refused to budge from their hiding spots or go near him despite standing with arms folded feeling annoyed with the High Council. He again felt the scene changed to find himself facing Barry who was seated on a bed giving him a familiar glare stare while having eyes golden. 
Jinks spoke an insulting word “Drat!” along with “Go to the depths!” and stomped towards the door to stand with arms folded glaring at it. 
He heard Barry speaking gibberish and felt his knees weak collapsed to kneel and frowned as the Builder cut his talking. 
He heard from Lance “Argh! Barry figured out a way of controlling you through voice orders of manipulating the Meritanians!” 
He didn’t respond instead spoke out loud “I wound up having some mental image in my mind of some female, with a gonoid, fish face that turned into a Human aka Katherine. Mostly after I kissed her and no explanation to why I was given that image, with other images following it.” 
He continued to talk about getting the impression “Jacinda preferred me over my father despite Lance throwing himself at her to use for mating urges. I thinking she did something to get out of his obsession on a permanent basis.” 
He cut his talking to twist his form facing Barry while kneeling to see the Builder still had his familiar look on his face. 
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke sounding angry “Talk on what gave you the impression on this Jacinda and what got her involved with you.” 
He exhaled a breath and recalled his time in his original body in Shadan’s Great Britain.
Jinks spoke “I wound up meeting Jacinda.” spoke it along with “Katherine in some image in my mind revealed herself as the old woman.  The female revealed herself to me during me asleep. She was telling me who she preferred as her mate period. It was my explanation to my impression, I got from her.” 
He frowned as Barry’s eyes remained golden as the familiar stare changed to an angry look followed by the Builder speaking in gibberish. Jinks found he back in the jungle kneeling sensing Tee Dees in the vicinity hiding and still refusing to budge from their hiding spots. Jinks stood up with arms folded and felt himself annoyed as his arms were grabbed and a hand clamped over his mouth. Jinks found himself in the High Council’s throne room glaring at the group while having the speakers’ heads down while feeling his mind scanned. 
He refrained from thinking vulgar language and threats instead mentally yelled “You the High Council to get out of scanning my mind period! I’m not in the mood to have my mind scanned from you!” 
Jinks heard in response as the speakers raised their heads Shad speaking “Despite the rudeness from you we have achieved what we wanted. Ramses transport Horus over lake number four now.” 
He heard from Ramses “Sorry High Council we found this type Seer a female you are seeking and transported her into the brig. Besides you really should scan her mind she’s got some interesting information.” 
Jinks glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Well then transport her to us now.” 
He saw a light flash showing a female facing sideways away from him appearing to be human wearing a grey hooded robe with Shadonian eyes that looked at him before looking away towards the High Council as a light flashed behind her. Jinks frowned seeing Barry appear who thrust his hand around the female Seer’s neck, appearing to be choking her and speaking foreign language in an angry voice tone but sounded like he wasn’t using the voice. He eyed the female Seer who replied back in identical foreign language with voice strained as he noticed the speakers had heads bowed, while Barry and the Seer he assumed continued their foreign language chatter, the Builder still sounding angry to him.  Jinks shift his eyes towards Barry as they kept up their foreign language chatter and frowned as the Builder’s voice tone changed sounding like he was using the voice to him, got the Seer speaking, he finding himself understanding her words to his shock. 
He heard “I admit it I saw Osiris arrive and form changed to a Human. I contacted him and taught him how to use his power abilities related to being Lance Richard, Lord of the Underworld. It is just a title with powers bestowed on a selected chosen Human male by the deities Edenia, Humania and Meritania themselves. The deities after having Osiris arrive on Edenia near death debated on giving him a second chance in living. They living elsewhere decided to have him go to Meritania to live with form changed as a Human. They selected him to hold the title of Lance Richard which is from them knowing he wouldn’t be abusive with those powers, knowing he once held a leadership title on Humania and how he was with that title.”
Jinks stiffened hearing the Seer’s admission as Barry spoke using the voice him suddenly understanding his words “Talk on how Lance Richard or should I say Osiris got his own offspring to inhibit his body while he’s contained someplace else and not passed away from that.” 
He heard from the Seer “Lance Richard despite thinking of being the responsible one isn’t the one who did that but someone else a female Human. I’m unsure of her actual name but I know she’s known among Humans as a female named Katherine Kensington.”
Jinks stiffened hearing that as the Seer kept talking “This Katherine from what I know of her was in love with Horus, the offspring of Lance Richard and wanted to have him as her mate. She manipulated his father to do some ritual just to get his son inhibiting his body while getting him trapped someplace else and only able to inhibit his body if the son has some kind of power status active for that to happen. She also manipulated herself in some ritual to be reborn again as Katherine Kensington but didn’t account on the High Council for finding out about it and manipulating her to die which she became part of the species Charon that have faces like Hades. She has been hanging around Horus’ female offspring in hopes of manipulating her to do some kind of ritual so she can be reborn again as a Human and still be in Horus’ life as his mate again once that’s possible.”
Jinks felt rage hit him abruptly figured it was from his father who he heard sounding in his mind in an angry tone “That bitch! Why couldn’t Jacinda just admit to me who she wanted as her mate instead of repeatedly rebuffing my interests in her as my mate?! Growl! All she could have done was admitted who she was in love with! I would have dumped her anyway and gone with some other female! Harrumph!” 
He frown feeling himself angry as he heard Seer speaking “The reborn ritual that she played involved some manipulating trick of having Lance Richard kill her in some angry rage using his powers on her after she spoke some chant word which is ‘Ay Kabaiya’ and she wound up reborn again as this Katherine.” 
He felt a headache hitting him grimaced from it to realize it was his mind scanned mentally refrained from commenting anything which the feeling of pain persisted as he continued to glare at the Seer. 
He heard Barry speaking using the voice “Spill it Seer, explain how Osiris’s father dubbed Amen Ra got to Shadan aka Meritania and form changed into a Human after dying on Humania.” 
He eyed the Seer who spoke “Amen Ra like every other Humanian didn’t really die instead fell into a can’t be waken sleep which is part of their bodies’ functions when renewing strength to avoid death from hitting, something Anubis figured out and dumped their bodies into the doorway to Edenia. Anubis figured out that the Humanians wouldn’t accept their own people coming back from being declared dead after questioning them about it hence the dumping. He got Amen Ra waken up from sleep to go into the doorway to Edenia. Amen Ra wound up on Edenia meeting the deities who ordered him to go to Meritania through a doorway gate which he went. The deities somehow figured that Amen Ra wouldn’t be able to function on Meritania in his original form had it changed into a Human with special abilities but the body would have some flawed status. I believe that Human is Barry himself.” 
He shifted to look at Barry who’s eyes were flaring golden as the Seer paused from talking to groan loudly before adding “Barry, your supposed to be helping people with their problems and doing the same to Lance Richard, whenever he has a problem by giving advice and manipulating people out of terrible situations, as ordered by the deities. This is what you’re not doing at the moment. The deities once they find out will have your brain and will punish you harshly, enough for you to get it what they really want you to be doing.” 
He heard gibberish spoken from Barry using the voice followed by him disappearing in a flash of light which he frowned to notice the Seer was gone out of sight as well. Jinks eyed the High Council to see the speakers had their heads bowed as he felt his mind still scanned by the headache refrained from thinking any comments instead kept his mind blank as he could. 
He felt the headache stop as the speakers raised their heads followed by Shad speaking “Well, we got what we achieved so Ramses transport Horus over lake number four now.” 
He heard from Ramses as the hand holds on him were released “Sorry High Council but I see a flaw with your order regarding Horus and the lake you want him dumped over.” 
He again felt the hand holds on him along with his mouth covered frowned as Onya spoke “Fine amuse us with pointing out the flaw now.” 
Jinks heard Ramses speak “That flaw in question is that Barry and the Seer are currently on the shore of that acidy lake. Barry at the moment is torturing the Seer from mind scans of her as in threatening to use the voice onto her to get her to throw herself into the lake if she doesn’t admit answers to various questions he wants answered. Oh I warn you that Barry is from the Seer’s thoughts in an angry mood and not caring that he’s hurting people while doing torture.” 
He felt his rage flatten as Ramses became silent followed by Shad speaking “Then transport the Seer to the brig now and transport Horus over the lake while your at it.” 
He felt hand holds off of him discovered himself floating high in the sky over an island with a large lake in the middle that appeared to be bubbling to as he fell towards it. Jinks stiffened as the scene changed to find he standing on a grass clearing with palm trees surrounding it. He looked around hearing twigs snapping sounds sounding behind him and spun around seeing the bushes rumble as Barry with a glare on his face came into view. Jinks frowned as Barry spoke in gibberish using the voice and felt he compelled to speak recalling his entire time while in Great Britain posing as Lance Richard. 

“Jinks actually recalling a cloned copy’s memory spoke that memory not leaving anything out including meeting Jacinda as an old woman.” 

I recalled he said “Some hooded figure that used some power ability to get me to leave a castle on horseback where I met a High Council warship that destroyed the horse and my original body.” 
I recalled the talk as Jinks was still compelled by Barry “There was an original body shown the body of Lance Richard contained in a glass coffin. I wound up waking up in that body in the coffin and how my body felt from the wake up involved pain all over the place. I mistaken as Lance Richard by some people I knew them as Roosevelt and Janel Knight who got medical help to me. I wound up myself mating with Janel that produced my daughter.” 
He kept talking “Someone named Burke Richardson shooting me in the chest with a handgun and knocking me out in some twenty year healing sleep for my body to heal itself of injuries then waking up to discover my offspring I fathered through Janel were already grown to adults. My son, by my original body having my face and flaunted as the Master aka Lance Richard by Roosevelt was slow to accept me as his own father and seemed to have problems accepting that I was the vessel of Lance Richard himself.” 
 
“What an idiot who doesn’t realize he’s a clone-“ 
‘Something you should be acknowledging.’ says Zerra interrupting me.
I say in response ‘I’m a clone?’
Zerra says ‘Correct in that thinking but what name you’re calling yourself hmm?’
I don’t have any other names besides Jinks Montreal in my mind while thinking of him. Odd that Zerra is trying to make it clear I’m a clone but a clone of whoever it is. I figured I’ll get the answer later as my left hand wants to write.”

He felt the urge to talk ended by Barry speaking gibberish using the voice and he frowned to stare at the Builder who kept on the voice talk and stiffened to find he floating in the air to find the familiar lake below him which he grimaced seeing the lake looked acidy by the bubbling.
Jinks mentally spoke the words “Someone helps me out of this now!”          
Jinks as he fell towards the lake looked around struggling to see for Karen’s Hawk and saw none in sight and stiffened as he fell into the water feeling hotness all over along with feeling his clothes and shoes shredding from his form. He felt himself able to move swam up to the surface breathing the air which he still felt the hotness forced he to swim among the bubbles towards the shore and climbed out by grabbing a low tree branch to lie on the grassed ground feeling it cool to the touch. He sighed lying on his back staring at the sunned sky and cued his senses towards himself sensing he was without clothes and shoes on. Jinks felt for his hair finding it still intact but messy and needing a hair brush. Jinks exhaled a breath and inhaled while staring at the blue sky frown seeing dark clouds arriving looking like rain forced himself to stand up figuring out that the rain water would cool him down and which the sky burst of heavy pelting water. He heard sizzling sounds coming from the lake along with spotting some smoke as the rain water cooled him down making him feel much better and sighed feeling sleepiness laid his form down on the grassed ground and shut his eyes. 

Jinks or cloned copy created to survive that lake’s burning dreamed of standing underneath a tree wearing clothes familiar to his touch while seeing Lance standing on the beach glaring at Ajax who had an identical glare look on his face. 
He frowned as Lance spoke sounding angry “Your loyalty is supposed to go to your father as his offspring.” 
He eyed Ajax who spoke sounding in the same tone “What the High Council orders, I obey, period and they have my loyalty.”
Jinks shifted his eyes to stare at Lance who spoke “Then don’t visit me again ever.” 
He saw Lance force Ajax’s eyes shut who disappeared in a flash of light followed by his father snarling out loud “Drat, the High Council brainwashing that brat to believe into them and their propaganda.” 
He frowned as Lance reached a hand in his direction and jerked feeling himself gagged while suddenly finding himself inches away from his father in front of him on the beach who had a black eyed glare. He heard groaning noises from the Meritanians and saw Lance shot his head towards the plants that cut their noises followed by his father resumed glaring at him. 
Jinks gagged out “What’s going on?”
Jinks heard from his father “Another assassination attempt to get rid of you by the High Council thinking that this acidy lake Ramses calls it would destroy you enough to get me out. The fools think destroying the body of mine your inhibiting would be enough to get rid of me. Humph, believe me they should check their history and they would find that this acidy lake stunt was already done by the Meritanians dumping me there. I survived with body ornaments intact.”
He heard ahem from the Meritanians as there was a gasp sound behind him which he felt himself freed from being gagged and forced to face the plants while hearing Lance snarl “I told you not to visit me again so get out now while I talk your father in sticking around here.” 
He looked off his right to see Ajax who spoke “The Meritanians’ groaning indicated something. They’ve been ignoring the High Council’s orders to tell them what the problem, hence me here.” 
Jinks folded his arms as Lance he heard spoke “Well fine whatever just force this servant of the High Council’s eyes shut will you, Jinks?”
He obeyed forcing Ajax’s eyes shut as Lance added “How brainwashed Ajax is being speaking loyalty to the High Council. He can be such a brat.” 
Jinks shot his head towards Lance who gave up a chuckle sound which he willed the Master through feeling himself angry and snarled out “Only I can call my son names so quit that now.” 
He glared at Lance who glared at him back while hearing hysterical giggling sounds from the Meritanians which he looked away to glare at them seeing they had mirth on their faces. 
He snarled “Spill it, plants what joke you play this time?”
He glared at the Meritanians who gave up yeows abruptly followed by Ramses speaking “Hey cut that out! I was just thinking of a joke and laughing about it!”
He felt his eyes forced shut to come to feeling himself seated leaning back in an object that felt like a tub with cool water and a washcloth covering his eyes with the Master not in control. 
Jinks frowned as he continued to hear Ramses’ chatter sounding in his mind “Hey quit that! It’s was just a joke we just thought it up and got nothing to do with you smarty! Can’t you at least let us laugh at jokes we think of anyway? Come on where’s your sense of humor, High Council? Shouldn’t you be laughing? Laughter is good for you anyway.”
He felt a human hand touch him on the sensitive part as Ramses became silent along with the headache stopping which he jerked off the washcloth to stare with a frown Yeliza kneeling next to the tub who jerked her hand away from him and out of the water to look down with a frown. 
Jinks frowned staring at Yeliza which he eyed the shower and figured he’ll do that only to hear from Lance “Jinks, hold off on the showering for awhile. That acidy lake from personal experience makes skin sensitive to rain water as in feeling pain from the water pounding it. Besides you should apologize to Yeliza for that inappropriate behavior you treated her for she got you into the tub after you appeared into the bedroom in front of her while unconsciously asleep.”
He sighed and waved a hand getting Yeliza attention and signed while moving his mouth “I beg your forgiveness for my inappropriate behavior towards you. I was in a bad mood and was taking it out on you. I do have feelings of being a Human which isn’t easy to handle from time to time.” 
He added noticing understanding in Yeliza’s eyes “I admit it I can feel things, like a Human, can feel, towards people and even feelings whenever people insult me. Yes this negativity gets me in a bad mood, enough to take it out on people, without realizing that their going to be hurt from that.”
He saw Yeliza nod her head with again understanding in her eyes as he sighed and communicated again “This bath feels good, thanks.” 
He leaned back putting the wash cloth covering his eyes and sighed again as he felt Yeliza’s hand on his sensitive part made no move to remove it from there. He continued to sigh as Yeliza stroked his sensitive part with her hands making him feel good followed by shivering as her hands left him. He didn’t protest as he felt Yeliza’s naked form get into the tub to straddle him while putting hands on his shoulders running them down feeling his muscled chest and abs till they settled on his sensitive part. He kept himself still as Yeliza guided his sensitive part inside her followed by her hands touching his shoulders rocking him. He sigh feeling charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her and with a jerk spilled he inside her. Jinks felt himself still hard felt the wash cloth removed which he looked at Yeliza eyeing her in the face as she took his hands with him not resisting and brought them to her breasts which he fondled the nipples and stroked the area with his hands as she again brought her hands to his shoulders. He sighed staring at her as she leaned forwards and kissed him on the lips which he again heard Lance’s familiar voice talking about her being deaf and her baby carrier removed and moved his lips kissing her back in response. Jinks didn’t protest as Yeliza broke off the kiss and again rocked him his hands still on her breasts while her hands were on his shoulders as he let his eyes roll from the sensations of pleasure hitting him from each time he entered her.  He spilled himself with a jerk fully up the hilt inside her and sighed feeling her lean down hugging him which he removed his hands from her breasts to her back and shut his eyes feeling himself much better from the mating ritual and the hug. He sighed as Yeliza removed herself off of him putting the washcloth back over his eyes and he kept himself leaning back sighing loudly only to feel himself falling backwards landing on metal with the washcloth flung off of him as he opened his eyes. He felt familiar gloved hands grab his arms along with forced up into a standing position followed by a familiar gloved hand covering his mouth and a headache hitting him. He discovered himself in the High Council’s throne room speakers having heads bowed and noticed Barry nearby glaring at him with golden eyes. 
He mentally spoke words repeated by Ramses using says “If the Seer’s words about you Barry is true then the deities will have your head anyway.” 
Jinks eyed Barry as the Builder spoke “I highly doubt that, Jinks due to that the High Council managed to depose those three deities as you call them on a permanent basis and they won’t be doing anything serious towards me.” 
He spoke “You want to explain this deposed status to me?”
He heard his words spoken by Ramses followed by Barry speaking sounding annoyed “High Council, should I bother telling Jinks, this?”
He shifted to glare at the speakers seeing they raised their heads followed by Shad speaking “Ah the deposed status is putting them to sleep on a permanent status in some sleeper tube. They have yet to pass away despite their longevity in the sleepers.”
Jinks frowned hearing that as his senses blared warning abruptly which sleepers’ sounds familiar to me sounding like I’ve heard that word before. Jinks eyed Barry that continued to stare at him with a glare that made him, think it had accusation in it. 
Jinks spoke “Out with it Barry. You’re staring at me with that look of accusation.” 
Jinks glared at Barry who gave up a harrumph sound before the Builder spoke “Fine, I admit it, I met this Jacinda you talked about who used me to father an offspring before dumping me for Lance Richard. She wound up dumping the offspring of mine to a couple who apparently couldn’t have any offspring themselves despite doing the mating ritual. Jacinda pulled this stunt of getting males to mate with her then dumping them once it was apparent she was carrying and dumping the offspring onto couples who either can’t have offspring through mating or lost an offspring through some tragedy. Humph, she pulled this stunt over and over and even got kicked out of a village for doing it and wound up in another village. People forced her to accept the reported known as a town drunk named Lance Richard as her husband. They insisted to Lance Richard to do what it takes to keep her on a permanent basis despite her attempts to get intimate with other males.”
Jinks frowned hearing Barry’s words as the Builder stopped talking to give him a familiar glaring stare which he kept his mind blank in response. 
He heard from Ramses speaking “High Council, I overheard Ajax admit something serious to Lance Richard while in some sleep status so should I transport Ajax to you?”
He narrowed his eyes in a glare as Shad spoke “Do transport Ajax now.” 
He saw a light flash showing a High Council member he sensed was Ajax shaking his head while sitting on the floor. Jinks eyed the High Council to notice the speakers had bowed their heads which he shift to look at Ajax who appeared to fidget from having mind scanned he assumed. 
He continued to eye Ajax who got up from the floor with arms folded and head bowed before hearing Shad’s familiar voice speaking “Interesting. The deities are getting desperate at the moment that they’ll do anything to get out of their sleep status including contacting servants of ours through dream scenarios.” 
Jinks frowned hearing Shad’s words as Onya was heard speaking “Ajax, the one who spoke to you via dream scenario isn’t in a tube at the moment but elsewhere on the base as indicated by sources letting us know of that so stop worrying about this now.” 
He frowned to feel sleepiness hitting him as Ramses’ voice sounded in his mind “Go to sleep, Horus. I got to talk to the High Council on something and don’t want you to overhear.” 
Jinks passed out unconscious to come to finding he lying on a bed in a room that made him think it was a seedy motel room while hearing a door knocking sound on the door off his right. He felt clothes on his form that suspiciously felt like a jumpsuit along with boots which he forced himself to get up from the bed feeling weakness hitting him. He went to the door as the knocking became insistent. Jinks yanked the door open only partially opened by a chain holding it in place. 
He frowned seeing a female Human with blonde hair and a Highlander look on her face while wearing some medical scrubs on her form that spoke “Do you mind? I need to watch you medically while you’re lying in bed which is what you’re supposed to be doing.” 
He groaned and shut the door releasing the chain then yanked the door open and didn’t protest as the nurse he assumed helped him to the bed. Jinks laid his form down on it and stared at the ceiling seeing it resembled the night sky instead of a motel room ceiling he was expecting to see. He frowned as he shifted his eyes off his left to spot the window shade and saw a figure of a shadow behind it and felt drawn towards the window. Jinks eyed the nurse to see she was asleep seated in an armchair next to the bed. Jinks forced himself to get up from the bed and went to the window gently yanking the shade up to see behind the window outside making a come gesture was a blond female Human with similar looks as the nurse but she was wearing a dark navy jumpsuit on her form. Jinks yanked open the window finding no screen and didn’t protest as the woman yanked him out of the room through there to outside on the ground. She continued to yank him passed windows and doors on his left till they reached the end of it leading to a beach. He frown feeling confused as the woman led him to a helicopter where he was forced inside and placed into a seat and buckled up. He spotted another blond woman with similar looks as the nurse and jumpsuit woman seated in the pilot’s seat as the door to the helicopter got slammed shut with a loud bang sound. 
Jinks frown “I’m wondering what was going on?” as the helicopter rose into the air and went over the ocean.
The helicopter appeared too frozen up in ice then over snowed forest land then landed in a clearing. Jinks’ forced out by the familiar jumpsuit woman and then heard the helicopter take off behind him. Jinks looked around to discover he standing on a frozen lake which he heard sinister laughter sounding behind him. He turned around to face a Highlander with blond hair wearing some suit and a black jacket that swung fists and legs at him but bent down groaning each time the male attempted to hit him. Jinks frowned as the Highlander straightened up his form showing Shadonian eyes along with hair becoming black showing a familiar male in his place he recognized as Meritania. 
Meritania he stared at while pointing a finger “We will be out mark my words, High Council. You’ll be punished harshly for your trickery, Barry.”
Jinks felt his eyes forced shut came to hearing a ringing sound jerked open his eyes finding himself still in the High Council’s throne room familiar gloved hands on his form with speakers having heads bowed while feeling a headache of his mind scanned hitting him. He saw Barry standing nearby a glare on the Builder’s face which he shifted to glare at the High Council seeing the speakers raise their heads. 
He heard from Shad “Well the deities have been all talk and no action since they were first contained asleep in sleeper tubes. We wouldn’t be surprised if this stunt is just another joke by them again.” 
Jinks frowned as he heard from Lance abruptly sounding in his mind “Ah Jinks the Freeloaders were scanning your mind while the High Council was doing the same. I detect them both doing the scanning and find it odd that both didn’t appear to detect each other at all. Oh wouldn’t be surprised if the Freeloaders wound up doing something annoying to the High Council like they’ve been doing for awhile lately.” 
He kept his mind blank in response as Lance stopped talking which he eyed Barry as if drawn to see the Builder’s back was to the High Council and the male’s eyes were golden with a glare on his face aimed at him. Jinks glared back as Barry spoke sounding in foreign language to him and disappeared in a flash of light followed by another flash of light which he sensed was Ajax being transported elsewhere. 
Jinks eyed the High Council as Shad spoke loudly “Ramses, translate what Barry say to order you to transport him elsewhere?” 
He heard from Ramses “Hold on, checking something else at the moment excuse me.” 
He felt annoyance take hold as he heard multiple groaning sounds in his mind followed by Ramses speaking “Argh High Council, you now have a problem and that it involves the deities in question who are now out of their sleep status and pretty furious at the moment. Ooh, don’t expect Barry to help this time due to that he’s indisposed with a problem involving your servants on the mainland.” 
Jinks frowned as annoyance continued to take hold within him as Shad spoke “Then kindly tell Barry to drop his business and transport him to our home now.”
He continued to hear groaning sounds in his mind followed by Ramses speaking “I would do that transporting order but the problem it turns out involves the deities doing some body jumping ability onto various people while Barry chases them to get them back into their bodies and contained which is what he’s doing at the moment.” 
Jinks blinked his eyes as Barry appeared in a flash of light that suddenly grabbed him on the throat while speaking foreign language along with feeling the gloved holds off of him. He struggled in vain to free himself from Barry’s grip to find he floating above his body.
Jinks heard his voice speaking Human’s rude words “Drat you for figuring that out! Go jump into a lake!”
Barry continued to hold him in a choke hold. Jinks frowned as he continued to swear profanities as Barry kept up his foreign language talk using the voice followed by watching himself arching his back. Jinks found himself back into his body and familiar gloved hands restraining him along with a hand covering his mouth as Barry’s hold was gone from him. Jinks frowned feeling himself confused as to what happened felt his mind scanned only to see an image of a whip flashing in his mind along with a crack of lightening flashing in the background as he felt the scanner withdrew. 
He heard from Ramses abruptly “High Council I would quit scanning Horus’s mind if I were you. That body jumping deity rigged Horus’s mind to not be scan able by you and only I and my sisters can access his mind’s contents. Sorry High Council.” 
Jinks didn’t comment a response heard from Lance abruptly “Hah cunning. The Meritanians are playing a joke again making people think that the deities’ body jumped. Humph don’t know why Barry is going along with that. He usually isn’t fooled by the jokes they play which is odd.”
Jinks refrained from commenting as Lance became silent to eye Barry as if drawn to see that the Builder had his familiar look on his face that told him he wanted him to talk. 
He mentally spoke hearing his words spoken by Ramses “Spill it Barry. Out with it with what you want me to admit now.” 
He narrowed his eyes aimed at Barry as the Builder he saw spoke “There’s no deity named Meritania just to let you know of that.” 
He stiffened hearing Barry’s words as the Builder continued talking “The deities in question are a First One dubbed by this name of August with special abilities, with his three daughters that are hybrids of both the First One and Highlander species. The High Council has been seeking August’s mates, the three Highlander females who birthed the three hybrid daughters and been having no success in finding them. I warn you that the High Council’s interests in August are him able to father offspring through Highlander females when it’s common knowledge that both species joining together can’t have offspring through mating ways without medical intervention.”
He heard as Barry paused from talking “That’s enough, Barry.” 
He frowned hearing that from Shad as he heard from the speaker “Ramses, explain why Horus is seeing this Shadonian Highlander hybrid calling himself Meritania fully in his mind and as a deity when there’s no such deity by that name.” 
He heard from Ramses “Actually that must be from Lance Richard’s memories of hanging around some guy with that hybrid status calling himself Meritania and acting deity like towards him. This was because this Meritania helped Lance Richard repeatedly get over from being drunk and got him sane enough to function properly hence this deity attitude.”
Jinks frowned hearing that heard from Lance “Argh, Ramses isn’t kidding about what he said about Meritania. There is such a person who helped me get over being drunk and it was him who insisted I see him as a deity which is mostly for giving advice.” 
He didn’t comment a response as he heard from Shad “Ramses transport Horus to the brig, cell number four and make sure he gets something to wear while he’s there.” 
He felt the holds off his arms and found himself in the brig belonging to the High Council while finding clothes folded on the mattress which he picked up to find it was a blue jumpsuit with slipper shoes and no underwear for him to wear underneath. Jinks felt disgust take hold put on the jumpsuit and shoes then went to the mattress to sit and felt sleepiness laid down shutting his eyes and dreamed of facing Lance who forced him sideways facing the Meritanians. 
He heard from Ajax sensing he was off his right “Predecessor, please.” 
Jinks felt disgust take hold as his eyes were forced shut which he found himself underneath a tree and saw Lance on the beach facing Ajax who spoke “The High Council has been having some assassin dubbed Mindbender scan me while I’m asleep along with having a Highlander scanning Mindbender’s mind while he’s scanning me. They report the contents of what I dream to the High Council who as a result have me whipped if the contents aren’t what they like to hear. I suspect that the Highlander scanner is lying on some of the scans’ contents hence me whipped a lot along with some servant seen appearing to struggle from laughing.” 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “Humph! Seems like this Highlander has either a grudge against you or Horus and is taking it out on you through the whipping, your connection as Horus’s offspring.”
He eyed Ajax who opened his mouth to talk and was cut by Ramses’ loud voice speaking “Hello?! What the depths are you doing?!”
He saw Ajax’s eyes forced shut and then found he facing Lance while gagged on the throat by his father having an all black eyed glare as Ramses repeated his words. 
Jinks frowned as Ramses continued “Oh no you don’t smarty, touch him and I’ll dump you in the ocean! I meant it with what I said!”
Jinks felt his eyes forced shut to come to jerking open his eyes to find himself in the High Council’s throne room restrained by Anubis and Falcons while seeing a High Council servant standing nearby with a bare hand raised towards his face. 
He stiffened as Ramses spoke “High Council can’t you trust me to be the scanner for Horus’s mind? I don’t find it amusing.”
Jinks narrowed his eyes in a glare aimed at the servant as he heard from Shad “Oh fine transport this servant elsewhere now!”
He saw the servant disappear in a flash of light followed by Ramses’ voice speaking “What do you want to know anyway?”
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “He was detected in some trance conversing with Lance Richard so spill it what’s said now!”
He heard from Ramses “Actually he was listening to Ajax whining about a problem to Lance Richard before we interrupted talking you out of scanning Horus’s mind.” 
He got from both speakers “The problem Ajax whined about now!”
Jinks sensed a light show off his right to find a High Council member his senses told him was Ajax lying asleep on the floor as Ramses spoke “Simply scan him anyway.” 
He eyed Ajax who woke up with a jerk sitting up with a start while shaking his head before shifting it to stare at the High Council sensing the group was scanning him. 
Jinks frowned as Shad’s voice was heard “Ramses transport Ajax to interrogation room one and tell the servants to double the whipping now.”
He saw Ajax disappear in a flash of light as Ramses’ voice was heard “Hey High Council order Ajax whipped double the regular amount and to do it now.” 
He heard from Lance “Hmm someone blabbed to Ajax about who was scanning his mind while asleep hence he blabbing it to me. I should have realized that oh well.”
He didn’t comment a response as Shad spoke “Ramses put Horus to sleep and transport him to sleeper cell block four and have him put into tube number six now.” 
He stiffened hearing that as Ramses was heard “Fine but you’re making a mistake doing that order High Council.” 
He felt sleepiness hitting him shut his eyes to pass out unconscious to dream of facing Lance who spoke “What Ramses is talking about is related to some tube said to be haunted by some being called ghost which anyone inside has acted like their screaming and seeing something horrific. The person is taken out and mind scanned but the contents of what scared them is not in their minds and fully gone from them along with no memory of them being in the tube in the first place. I suspect that someone is either playing a joke or there’s really a ghostly being haunting that tube.” 
He opened his mouth and felt his eyes forced shut in response which he came to finding himself floating in darkness feeling warmth hitting him and his mind scanned which he heard Ajax’s familiar voice speaking with pain in it “Father, the tube your in, gives me what you First Ones dub the creeps. I don’t want to be around here but the High Council ordered me to be here scanning your mind.” 
He didn’t comment a response as he shut his eyes and blinked them seeing eyesight point of view of something glass and cylinder with a figure inside the tube area. He continued to see the eyesight appeared to be floating that glided all around the tube, eyeing the figure a male inside, he stiffened seeing it was himself, and then stopped seeing through the ghost, he assumed, eyesight. He felt himself seeing through his own eyes and willed the Master through as if drawn and jerked his head off his left. Jinks stiffened seeing a glowing figure illuminating the tube, he was in. Jinks eyed the figure seeing it was a female wearing a white robe hiding her feet but showing her form having femininity with wings on her back that didn’t appear to have feathers. He eyed her to sense she was annoyed and saw her face appearing to look Asian to him but her ears seen through her long black hair looked pointed and figured that she was appearing to look like a Highlander as he continued to stare at her. 
Jinks heard from Ajax abruptly “Father, what you’re staring at is the tube holding this deity First One dubbed August.” 
He heard nothing from Ajax forced his mind to remain blank as he stared at the female whose brown Human eyes turned Shadonian like followed by her hand thrusting through the tube. 
Jinks felt it touching his neck in a choke hold mentally spoke “I’m ordered my body to charge of electricity.”
Jinks felt her release him as he saw the tube in his eyesight shatter abruptly and felt himself tossed out to land onto metal ground which he willed away the charging. He sensed Ajax nearby heading towards him eyed fully the female floating next to the shattered tube that glided towards him sensing malice from her. Jinks felt he floating above his body as Ajax came into view and saw his body change into Lance. 
He stiffened as Lance he saw appearing to eye the female spoke out loud in some angry tone “Back off from threatening my son or else!”
He saw the view turn black found himself back into his body to see Ajax kneeling next to him holding one of his hands in a tight grip. Jinks sat up seeing the female was still there floating but had glided herself next to a tube, he saw held a naked appearing to look muscular while some bigness size, Human male with long blond wavy hair floating around his face and eyes shut. Jinks saw the female look at the male with some look of love in it with brown Human eyes. 
He frowned as he eyed the female who looked at him with frown forming on her face before resuming staring at the Human as he heard from Ajax mentally “That’s August your looking at and tell me what are you seeing for your indicating it.” 
He looked at Ajax and looked away to stare at August in the tube and looked at the female who kept glancing at him and the tube male with different expressions on her face aimed at him and the man.     
Jinks sensed his mind scanned heard from Ajax mentally “Father, you’re appearing to see someone.
Predecessor gained control of you and told off to not to threaten you and used the First One threat words of ‘or else’ when he said his words.”
He inhaled a breath through his mouth and mentally spoke figuring out who that female was “The missing mate of August, the female Highlander, who birthed his three daughters.” 
He frowned as he heard from Ajax mentally “That’s impossible! The daughters were tested. They don’t match coming from the same female Highlander, instead the tests indicated that they came from different Highlanders, but they were all fathered by this First One dubbed August, who has special abilities making him seem deity like to people.” 
He shifted to look at Ajax and mentally spoke “You sure of that Ajax? You sure that someone didn’t play a joke onto the High Council when they revealed the test results?”
He heard groaning noises from Ajax who spoke mentally “The daughters just prior to put in were tested with some new medical procedure that appeared to work and the results appeared to be crystal clear to the medics who reported it to the High Council.” 
He mentally spoke as Ajax became silent “I suggest recommending to the High Council that the daughters get tested again and make sure that the results are crystal clear. I suspect that some medic read the results wrong, the procedure was brand new like you said.” 
He stiffened as he felt hands grabbing him on his arms and felt himself yanked into a standing position along with a hand covering his mouth as he felt the hands were gloved along with Ajax’s hand grip gone from him. He eyed the High Council with disgust running with him to look away off his right to see Ajax nearby standing that had head bowed and eyed the speakers to see that their heads were bowed.
Jinks figured as thought “The group was scanning my son’s mind.” 
He eyed Ajax who disappeared in a flash of light followed by Shad’s voice speaking loudly “Ramses, we order August and offspring to be tested on whether their relative to each other or not and do it now.” 
He heard from Ramses “Fine High Council but I don’t agree to the order due to thinking your making a big mistake anyway. Hey the High Council order this First One dubbed August and his offspring out of tubes and to be tested on whether their father and child or not along with seeing if the offspring came from the same parent or parents so do it.” 
Jinks heard from Lance abruptly “Ramses is hinting that someone wants those four out of tubes and that this someone will do what it takes to keep them out due to sensing that from this person.” 
He didn’t comment a response as he shifted to look at the High Council sensing a light show off his right which he looked with a frown within him to see Barry there that looked at him with eyes flaring golden before looking away towards the group. 
He frowned inwardly as he heard from Lance “Actually Barry is indicating that he was the hand of the High Council who got August and his daughters into a trap and they placed into tubes asleep as a result.” 
He didn’t comment a response as Lance became silent which he eyed the High Council seeing the speakers again having heads bowed and shifted towards Barry who jerked his head aside with a grimace forming on the Builder’s face seen. 
He heard from Ramses “High Council, how many times must I tell you that scanning Barry’s mind is useless to do with all that junk in him that wrecks up mind scanners’ efforts to gain information from him?”
He continued to eye Barry who stopped grimacing and looked towards the High Council. Jinks did the same and frowned seeing the speakers still had their heads bowed. Jinks sensed his mind scanned as a result, along with seeing the familiar whip with lightening flashing in his mind repeatedly. 
He felt the headache stop as the speakers raised their heads followed by Shad speaking “Ramses, put Horus to sleep and transport him to tube cell block one into tube number six now.” 
Jinks felt he freed only to hear from Ramses “Sorry High Council but that tube you’re talking about is occupied at the moment and is holding someone you dub Jupiter.” 
He again felt the hand holds onto him as he heard from Shad sounding annoyed “Ramses, what are you talking about? The Eli says that tube is empty.”
He heard from Ramses “Sorry but the tube is really occupied and that a group ordered records of this Jupiter occupying the tube to not be put down period due to a connection to them.” 
He again heard from Shad “Transport Ajax to that location of the tube to eye it and transport him to us for mind scanning now.” 
He heard nothing from Ramses sensed a light show in front of him to see a High Council member appear with head bowed he sensed was Ajax and saw the speakers bow their heads which he figured that the group was scanning his son’s mind.  He continued to watch seeing the scans seemed lengthy then Ajax disappeared in a flash of light. He frowned as he heard Barry speaking foreign language shut his eyes and came to finding himself floating in watery like substance with darkness surrounding him and warmth was felt. He figured to himself that he was in a tube again as his senses blared while thinking that thought which he willed the Master through only to get it willed back and found this happened repeatedly. He felt annoyance take hold as a result despite not realizing the memory was of a cloned copy, contained in a tube, while other clones are freed to do whatever game, the High Council is playing onto them. How annoying! 
Jinks heard a male voice sounding in his mind that sounded alien and odd to him “I would quit doing that if I were you, Horus.” 
He mentally spoke “Who’s this that’s talking to me?”
He heard from the male, he assumed “Just an assassin servant of the High Council.”
Jinks heard the pride in the male’s voice and felt disgust take hold as the male continued talking “Ah, that sense of yours, is alerting you of your mind, being scanned instead of the familiar head pain. Believe me I had that head pain before I started having some sense tell me that my mind was scanned.” 
He didn’t comment a response felt urged to shut his eyes and obeyed to dream of a memory of himself as a teenager watching kids playing a game of paintball and thinking to he “I’m wondering why my mother banned me from playing.” 
He continued to remember meeting Barry there that spoke some foreign language words to him in some compelling voice tone. 
Jinks found he urged to play paintball with his friends urging him to do it “Play with paintball with us, Jinks!” 
He obeyed and while waiting for the game to start noticed Barry outside the net staring at him intensively. The game started with the whistle blowing and he found himself floating above his body watching it with some blurring speed attack his friends before they could move or do anything till the game was over. Jinks walked out to see the Builder had some smirk expression on his face. 
He frowned as he recalled Barry speaking to him in Summeran “Interesting, like father like son.” 
He remembering frowned at what Barry was indicating till a scene played showing a forest and Lance looking angry hiding behind a tree holding a sword while hearing familiar sounds of horses. He watched as Lance darted out of behind the tree in some blurring speed cut down five men on horses by attacking them and getting them off their horses onto the ground before stabbing them to death then waving the horses away all except one stayed and refused to budge. Jinks continued to watch as Lance put away the sword and went to the horse that acted friendly with him. His father got onto the horse and road it away further into the forest out of sight. The bushes rumbled showing a familiar male Barry wearing, some gonoid skin clothing and an apparent wooden cane, in hand with a serious expression, on his face that studied the fallen men then walked away, in the direction where Lance went. Jinks continued to see clearly in his mind, himself in a hospital following Barry as if drawn to do it, ignored by hospital personal till they both reached a room with an open doorway and stepped inside. 
He found himself compelled by Barry’s talk “You’re to shut the door!” 
Jinks obeyed then stood next to the Builder to find a few meters away was a male he recognized from memory was August, standing next to a bed wearing a hospital gown and not looking happy. 
Jinks continued to remember that Barry spoke in his familiar language using a compelling tone saying “You will willed both the Master and Darkness forwards.” and in quick blurring move got behind August and kicked the male to kneel then slammed a hand on the man’s forehead speaking “I’m mentally ordering August to sleep.” then watched as he slid to the floor unconscious. 
He once done eyed Barry who spoke in Summeran “You won’t remember this.”  
This was followed by Barry speaking in foreign language then he willed away the Master and Darkness while remembering shutting his eyes and woke up in bed of the penthouse and recalled why he was there due to that he was running for Mayor in an election. Jinks felt annoyance take hold as he remembered abruptly himself in the High Council’s throne room and Barry speaking foreign language using a compelling tone that got the guards to release their holds on him. Jinks found himself in some cylinder tube room with Barry where there were people, mostly Highlanders, lying on the floor appearing to be unconscious as he eyed them. He saw one of them get up revealing a naked Human male he recognized as August, who’s eyes were flaring from Shadonian white, to all black Master looks back and forth while having some lightening flashing from behind him with a glare on the male’s face appearing to be aimed at Barry. 
He heard Barry speak foreign language in a compelling tone saying “You will the Master and Darkness willed forwards with mentally charging up your body.”
Jinks recalled obeyed during that got behind August to kick the male to kneel and slam a hand on the man’s forehead speaking “I mentally ordering August to sleep.” and saw his order obeyed. 
Jinks spoke mentally “I mentally willed away the charging of electricity and Darkness and Master.” as if compelled. 
He eyed Barry who spoke his familiar words “You won’t remember this.”  
He continued to remember that Barry added in foreign language using a compelling voice tone then he felt himself falling asleep fell towards the floor unconscious. Only to come to finding himself in a cylinder tube judging by the familiar watery substance felt and darkness’ surrounding him along with warmth hitting. 
He felt rage hitting him snarled mentally “Barry used me as a weapon-“
He was interrupted by a familiar male voice sounding in his mind “I see you finally get it what I wanted you to see about Barry now scream it’ll get you out of that thing your in.” 
He obeyed opening his mouth despite the watery substance and gave out a shrieking cry and heard glass breaking sounds and found himself lying on a metal floor. Jinks blinked his eyes and heard Barry’s angry voice sounding like using a Builder voice tone in foreign language abruptly. Jinks looked around to find nearby him was Barry had a hand on a male figure appearing to be a blonde version of a Shadonian but had all black eyes and saw that the Builder appeared to be gagging the male who struggled in the Builder’s hand hold. Jinks frowned as he swung himself up with a karate move and stood watching the two as if compelled to stand, watching while hearing Barry continue to speak his language with pauses in between. Jinks figured that the blonde was a mind walker and mentally telling the Builder what he was ordered to say. He continued to watch with a frown as the two disappeared in flashes of light abruptly. Jinks blinked his eyes finding himself in the penthouse from the looks of it and saw Yeliza seated in an armchair with book in her hand that lowered it and got up in a swift move. 
He frowned as Yeliza spoke “The High Council has given me a male not you they told me to refer as my husband, to the public and he is to refer me as his wife, to the people as well. He’s currently in the bathroom with door locked.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing her say the words ‘High Council’ as he spoke making sure she could lip read him “What’s your husband’s name anyway?”
He narrowed his eyes in a glare as she spoke “I’m told by him that he’s called Augan McCool. He’s revealed to be some Highlander Human hybrid after he and I got into an argument about our religious beliefs. He believes in the High Council as his Master while I don’t preferring to believe in you as my deity.” 
He felt disgust take hold as she walked up to him and grabbed his hand yanking him which he didn’t resists and found himself going to the closet which she pushed him inside after letting go of his hand. He heard the closet doors slam shut behind him and felt annoyance take hold as the scene changed to find he restrained by familiar hands and found himself in the High Council’s throne room with the group and speakers gone. He frowned as Barry appeared in a flash of light in front of him.
The Builder spoke “Anubis, unnecessary on the restraints on Horus. Release him now.” 
He felt himself freed folded his arms and gave Barry a glare and felt himself gagged on the throat by a hand he saw belonging to the Builder who used some blurring speed motion to get his hand hold on him. Jinks felt the hand hold wasn’t choking him much but only restraining him as Barry spoke foreign language using his familiar voice tone which he found himself relaying everything he remembered about the Builder while contained in a cylinder tube. 
He once done heard from Barry in Basic “I’m disappointed, Jinks-“
He saw a grimace form on Barry’s face who released him followed by speaking foreign language and falling to the ground to kneel while groaning loudly hand on his chest and having a pained expression on the Builder’s face. Jinks folded his arms staring at Barry while narrowing his eyes as the Builder spoke in foreign language and disappeared in a flash of light which he again felt himself restrained by familiar hands only to feel his mouth not covered. Jinks felt himself lifted up and saw the scenery became blurry with dizzying speeds which he shut his eyes from that to feel pauses from the movements followed by a feeling of a roller coaster all over the place then felt he moved again and released. 
He heard Anubis’s voice in a loud whisper “Horus, you’re on your own for now.” 
He jerked open his eyes to discover himself in a familiar hallway. Jinks walked and found the hallway with doors in the walls which he went to each one and found one opened nearest to a wall and walked inside figuring that he’ll shower which he went into the bathroom. 

Jinks came out once done and walked to the dressers intending to find clothes which he found nothing in them but noticed folded clothing on the bed along with combat boot shoes which he went to. He picked up the clothing seeing that they were black and military army styled and put them on along with the boots. He felt tired went to the bed and laid his form down onto it and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious only to float above his body as Barry came into view with mouth moving words unheard. He frowned as he saw himself arch back followed by face changing into a Asian look with tan skin who opened eyes showing similar eyed look of August followed by Barry and him disappearing in flashes of light. Jinks found the scene changed to show he, as an Asian standing in a clearing with a hand in front fisted as Barry stood appearing to be hidden in the bushes while still having mouth moving words unheard. He watched himself move his mouth with pauses then walked forwards with him following till he reached August kneeling who grabbed him and appeared to have a crying breakdown. He continued to watch as the Asian held out a hand fisted off his right then there was a light show seen followed by August and the male disappearing from view with a light show. Jinks continued to watch as there was a scene of a metallic like floor come into view which a light show was seen showing August still kneeling leaning against himself as an Asian. August was darted and slid off his Asian form followed by Barry coming into view putting a hand on his mouth and himself throwing head back and arching back. He watched as the Asian look went away followed by his own face coming into view which he saw himself hit the floor released by Barry then the view went black. This was followed by dreaming of Lance who gagged him on the throat and heard his father’s voice blasting in his mind but words weren’t understood followed by the male forcing his eyes shut and he passed out unconscious.
 
Jinks felt himself back into his body in a standing position with head bowed hearing Barry speaking his familiar language in a compelling voice tone followed by a male voice sounding familiar speaking “I’ll get out!”     
He heard nothing more from the voice frowned for it reminded him of Barry’s voice but the accent seemed different as he felt sleepiness shut his eyes and passed out to dream of Lance who snarled to him verbally “That Barry isn’t fully telling the truth to the High Council about his offspring or what he has done to them.” 
He frowned as Lance continued talking “This August due to hearing him sounds like he might be an offspring of Barry that people have commented on me sounding like him to my face from time to time.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing Lance’s words as his father continued “I managed to convince the Meritanians to put Barry asleep in his quarters so he won’t know of this conversation but I warn you he’ll get it out of you once he suspects of this. Oh, the Meritanians have been ordered by the High Council not to retaliate against me for those earthquakes, I set off by targeting you in response. Their reasons I hear is that they don’t approve of the method Barry used to bring August down which is having August’s male offspring dub Augan body jump into you as if inhibiting and take control.”
He continued to stiffen hearing Lance’s words as Lance kept talking “The High Council has made it clear that Barry shouldn’t be doing this August bringing down job using various methods instead have the job fell to the Meritanians who has been ordered to do it period.”
He heard ahem from the Meritanians felt his form twisted to face them followed by Ajax’s voice speaking “Predecessor, please.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut in response to come to finding he standing on a brick roadway between buildings wearing clothing that felt familiar along with an object on his head that felt like a crown sensing himself as Lance. He frowned as he felt compelled to walk obeyed eyeing the buildings seeing they looked brick like along with showing no one in sight in the darkness despite having night vision. 
He continued to walk till he reached a large alleyway off his right and turned into it to see at the end was a building with a golden glowing sign saying “Fires of Hell restaurant.” 
Jinks frowned as he continued to walk towards the restaurant to see it occupied by various male and female Asians wearing different clothing along with served by three blond Asian females and a black haired Asian male behind a bar. He walked inside and saw a teenage boy with glasses holding a comic book look in his direction from the bar that formed a glare followed by the boy turning to read his book. Jinks saw August slip out of the male while wearing purple clothing and a silver staff of a Z symbol in his right hand dart towards him.  Jinks heard the Master roaring from within him refrained from flaring it as August reached him and thrust the staff’s Z end onto his neck forcing his chin to look up at the taller than him male who’s eyes appeared to be Human blue and narrowed with suspicion in them. 
He kept his mouth shut as August removed the staff and thrust out his left hand putting it on his forehead which he mentally spoke as if compelled “I’m Jinks Montreal aka Horus, son of Osiris inhibiting the body of my father, Lance Richard, Lord of the Underworld, aka Osiris who is fathered by Amen Ra aka Barry himself.” 
Jinks stopped his talk as August removed his hand which he eyed it as if drawn to see clearly on the palm was a cut mark that shaped the letter of Z and stiffened sensing that Barry had marked him as his son.
He heard from August speaking mentally along with hand landing on his throat “Talk Jinks now! You seemed to be shocked about something so talk it now!”
He mentally spoke “My father claims that Barry fathered you, you sounding similar to him which people have pointed it out the voice similarities but not the father/son connection to my father when he had the body hence his suspicion.” 
He got his eyes forced shut in response passed out unconscious to come to lying on a bed still wearing his clothing on his form. Jinks jerked open his eyes discovering the black ceiling and sensed himself watched via various methods which he felt an urge stiffened from the feeling till an image of he doing karate flashed in his mind. He got up from the bed and sat down and began doing his stretching exercises finding himself still limber as ever and once finished swung himself up and began doing his karate drills finding his movements perfect to his standards. He heard the door slid open during his drilling to find Barry walking inside the room who paused as the door was heard sliding shut as he looked away to do his drills. He proceeded to do his Kata once done with the drills under the watchful eye of Barry sensing nothing to indicate the Builder’s mood. He once done end with a bow towards Barry and stood with arms folded as the Builder spoke in foreign language using the compelling voice tone which he found himself walking towards the male and reaching him got gagged on the neck by the man’s left hand. He frowned inwardly as Barry kept up his chatter and he found himself speaking in a strained voice tone what he saw while he was out unconscious involving the Builder manipulating his body into some Asian form along with what else he’s seen from that. He clamped his mouth shut once done to sense that Barry was still not satisfied by the hand’s grip on his neck. The Builder spoke his chatter words and he found himself freed abruptly to bend down coughing as the male gave up his chatter in an angry voice tone while hearing growling noises sounding like the Meritanians to him from hearing them mentally in his mind. He frowned as he straightened up his form and stared at Barry who kept up his chatter. Jinks continued to hear growling noises from the Meritanians sounding in his mind till the Builder stopped talking abruptly followed by the plants becoming silent within him. 
Jinks frowns eyeing Barry as he heard from Lance abruptly “I was right when I said that Barry isn’t being fully honest with the High Council on what he has been doing to his off springs when he’s ordered by the group to do various things to them.”
He heard nothing more from Lance as Barry looked in his direction and flared golden eyes along with a glaring stare which he gulped and clamped his mouth shut as he again heard from Lance “Argh, Barry wants the both of us to be silent about this matter, he trusts us both to not to talk about it hence he not wiping that fact from our minds like he did with the High Council and various servants using the Meritanians to do the job hence the plants’ growling noises from being manipulated to do it.”
He heard nothing more from Lance which he spoke “Just wish someone would tell me what the High Council’s actual purposes towards me would be anyway.”
He clamped his mouth shut as Barry’s facial expression became more glaring which he added figuring out what Barry wanted from him “I submit to you, father.” 
He saw Barry’s expression remained the same who stopped flaring eyes golden instead went to Human blue and backed sideways showing the door sliding open. Jinks saw the Builder jerk his head towards the open doorway which he walked towards it only to get his arms grabbed by familiar holds along with mouth covered by a gloved hand. Jinks found himself in the High Council’s throne room to see Barry there who gave him a glare before changing expression to a frown and looking away at the group. He wisely kept his mind blank sensing his mind was being scanned by the Meritanians as usual.
Shad spoke “Well about time Horus acknowledged this father, offspring connection towards you, Barry.”
He frowned inwardly hearing Barry speaking not in Builder language but in the same language as Shad “Just what I wanted in the first place despite the circumstances of this father offspring connection as you say.” 
He kept his mind blank in response as Onya was heard speaking “Ah Horus care to comment hmm?”
He eyed Barry who looked in his direction with a glare as he mentally spoke hearing Ramses speaking his words “It took me awhile to accept a father/son connection towards Lance Richard.” 
He heard Ramses say the words “A certain somebody” when referring to Lance as he added “Somehow I was reminded of my circumstances of existing, realized that I should acknowledge a father/son connection towards Father Barry himself which I have done.” 
He made his mind blank as he shifted to eye the High Council followed by Shad speaking “Interesting words Horus. Anyhow Ramses transport Horus to sleeper room number six and have him put into an available sleeper tube now.” 
He heard Barry speaking in his familiar chatter language in familiar tones followed by the Builder speaking sounding angry “Don’t you dare spite me despite not approving of my methods to bring down this fool who tried something harmful to you.” 
He eyed Barry as Shad spoke sounding of sarcasm “Spite? What are you talking about Barry? Spiting you hmm?”
He frowned as Barry spoke in his familiar voice tone and language to sense a light show from one of the High Council members which he looked noticing a chair was empty as Onya spoke loudly in a firm tone “Alright, back off Barry now!”
He heard nothing more from Barry in response as Ramses’ voice was heard speaking “Actually Barry had this member dumped into one of the food locations in the ocean where there are servants currently helping him out of the mess.”
He again heard from Onya “Alright, Barry, we get it your point so cut that evil eye look now!”
Jinks frowned as he heard nothing from Barry as Shad spoke “Harrumph, you had to favor Horus didn’t you Barry? Admit it now hence you refusing to have our orders carried out.” 
He heard from Barry speaking sounding annoyed “I’m just fed up with Horus put into a sleeper tube only to have him destroy that thing just to get out of that. He has done that stunt repeatedly over and over along with that your supply of available tubes are getting low at the moment. It’ll mean having to yank someone out. I suspect that you’re not fond of that option hence me keeping your orders from being carried out.”
Jinks frowned hearing that from Barry as Ramses was heard “Sorry High Council, a certain somebody has their minds set that Horus shouldn’t be contained in a sleeper tube and is doing what it takes to keep him out of one period. Oh Barry isn’t kidding about your sleeper tube supply. It’s rather low at the moment. Also those people who you have contained are too much trouble not being contained and more trouble than Horus himself who’ll do what his father orders him period due to hearing him saying submit words to Barry.”
Jinks gulped hearing that from Ramses as he shifted his eyes towards Barry who turned to look at him flaring golden eyes and pointed a finger aimed at him using his left hand in a pointer finger gesture which he bobbed his head in response as if compelled to do it. 
He kept his mind blank in response as Onya spoke “You expect us to believe that Horus won’t cause too much trouble not being contained?”
Jinks frowned as he heard from Barry speaking his familiar language and tones to feel himself freed along with walking towards the Builder to reach him along with feeling his throat grabbed by the male’s left hand. 
He heard from Barry “I order you to do what it takes to free yourself from my hand grip starting now.” 
He saw Barry give him a glare as he obeyed finding his karate movements not taking affect on the Builder who didn’t give any reaction along with finding his Master’s powers backfiring onto him whenever he tried to use them onto the male who’s hand grip remained in its place despite his efforts to remove it. 
Jinks quit the attempts when he felt like he was getting no where and eyed Barry who shifted to glare at the High Council which he heard from the Builder “You were saying, High Council? And what do you observe from this stunt hmm?”
He folded his arms and kept his face in a frown as Shad was heard “Interesting but can Horus talk when you have that grip on his neck?”
He opened his mouth only to feel Barry’s hand become more gripping and gave out gagging noises finding his voice ability cut off but his breathing was ragged. He shut his mouth as Barry looked in his direction not flaring golden eyes but a glare on the Builder’s face which he frowned further inwardly keeping his arms folded. 
Onya he heard spoke “Fine, Barry you proved your point. We expect you to keep this offspring of yours out of our plans and out of interfering with what we have planned for now. We believe if this point of yours doesn’t prove to us to be working anymore we will order Horus to be put down on a permanent basis since he can’t be contained as you pointed it out.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing Onya’s words as Barry’s eyes flared golden along with feeling the hand on his neck become more ironclad cutting off his breathing sensing the Builder didn’t agree with the High Council’s words. 
He gagged silently as Shad spoke “Anyhow Barry, take yourself and this offspring out of our sight now. Your purposes here with him are done.”        
He heard Barry speaking his familiar language and voice tones found himself and the Builder transported to a familiar hallway he recognizing it as the male still having a grip on his neck forced him to walk which he obeyed keeping his arms folded and mouth shut seeing him lead him to the barroom. Once inside he saw familiar figures looking in his direction making grimaces on their faces seeing him gagged along with looking away to resume doing their business in the room. 
Jinks felt himself led to a stool and thrust towards it along with freed which he bent down coughing loudly and heard Barry speaking sounding annoyed “Cut the sick act now, Jinks.” 
He obeyed to stop his coughing and straightened up his form gulping air through his mouth then cut it noticing Barry giving him a familiar glare which he forced himself to nose breathe deeply. 
He frowned as Barry spoke “Bartender two non alcoholic drinks now. Don’t forget that Jinks here is not to have alcohol as his nourishment drink due to easily getting underneath its influence enough to act improperly towards people and himself as well. That I wish to not have happen period for I don’t want to have to handle Jinks like that.” 
He sighed and went to a stool to sit and sensed Barry seated next to him on a stool which he rubbed his throat and heard ahem from the Builder stopped the throat rubbing to put hands on the bar in response to eye the bartender an Annukai aka Listener working who ignored his staring. Jinks got handed by the bartender a drink in a gold cup seeing it looked white and got Barry’s hand clamped over its rim. 
He looked at Barry who stopped flaring golden eyes and spoke “Absolutely no gulping nourishments despite thirsty. You can only sip it period or else suffer sickness from the gulping.”
He gave a head bob in response as he felt Barry’s hand removed itself from the cup and he forced himself to take sips from the drink he sensed from the taste was milk with something included hence the taste seemingly weird. Jinks took pauses from the sipping to look around the room noticing Barry ignoring him doing it while sipping from a gold cup the bartender handed to him. Jinks once done with the cup set it down on the bar and shifted his form around to face the monitor screens eyeing them showing various night skies with some clouds in them and with a frown to feel his right ear itching. 
He eyed the Shadonian, Nameless standing in front of them who spoke loudly “They show you what they want you to see and nothing else period.” 
He sighed and turned around sensing Nameless had stopped his staring which he eyed the bar’s top with a frown letting his thoughts wander “What Barry was going to do to me? I wound up doing for the Builder in response just to keep myself alive from the High Council’s put down order threat?”  
He felt fed up with sitting got up and paced back and forth only during his pacing to get his way blocked by blackness. Jinks looked up to see towering over him was a Human male with short black curly hair and eyes that looked Human like in color black and gave him the feeling of the creeps. The male stared back at him looking him up and down before stepping aside and walked around him, him watching to the stool he vacated to sit. 
Jinks frowned eyeing the male who spoke “Vodka now, bartender and make it snappy I’m itching to drink.”
He frowned further sensing the male’s voice tone and accent seemed familiar despite spoken in Basic which he heard from Barry as he continued to stare “Jinks your being rude.” 
He shifted to look at Barry who gave him a glare which he looked away and turned his form to stare at the TV monitors with a frown as the scene changed to feel hand holds on him seemingly familiar. He felt annoyance take hold as he found himself in the High Council’s throne room along with noticing Barry and Ajax there. 
Jinks gave the High Council a glare as Shad spoke “We come to the conclusion that Horus is useless and outlived his usefulness so put him down Ajax now.” 
He heard nothing from Barry mentally spoke while hearing nothing from Ramses “Ajax don’t you dare do this.” 
He eyed Ajax who mentally spoke to him “Sorry Father but what the High Council orders I obey.”
He continued to yell mentally repeatedly “Ajax don’t you dare!”
Jinks during his mental yelling eyed Ajax who held up a syringe gun and brought it to his neck which he flinched from the sting of a needle and halted his yelling and mentally spoke “You’ll pay for this.” 
He felt the drug enter his system as sleepiness was felt and felt himself passing out unconscious to come to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder while feeling his body bare of clothes and shoes except for his head was entirely covered by cloth with eyes bare. Jinks jerked open his eyes with a start raising his head finding manacles around his wrists to see with night vision facing him on one knee was a humanoid he saw that appeared to be a Shadonian in a male form that stood up his senses blared telling him the male wasn’t really a Shadonian but some species looking alike them. He eyed the male as he stood up breaking off the manacles easily and felt a stinging pain in his left arm reached with his right hand towards the source only to get the male grabbing his hand. 
He frowned as the male spoke sounding familiar to him in Basic sounding not Shadonian to him “Don’t touch the Keo implant implanted in your arm. It’s the only way of keeping you alive from the High Council’s machinations.” 
He exhaled a breath sensing the cloth covering his face only bared his eyes which he sensed the Master was in control as the male continued releasing his hand “Don’t take that head covering off period. It keeps you hidden from prying eyes. Besides if you want to take in nourishment only bare your mouth period.” 
He heard the emphasize on the words ‘Prying eyes’ from the male and figured he meant Barry which he didn’t comment a response as the male added “Whatever you do, just don’t let water get onto you or that implant period. The implant will stop its function and come out of your arm if water is felt on it.” 
He kept his mouth shut in response while staring at the male who added “My species is named Keo but the High Council has dubbed us Freeloader. So listen carefully as I instruct you on the implant’s use.” 
He obeyed figuring out he’ll call the male and species Freeloader from now on as the male continued talking “Now mentally think of the words ‘I hide’ now.” 
He mentally thought them to sense something within his form and heard from the Freeloader who added “Now mentally think of the words ‘Reveal me’.” 
Jinks mentally thought the words and heard a soft squeal sound that sounded familiar which he figured out what the implant was, realizing it was what Anubis and guards wore to hide themselves, reveal themselves and move at fast speeds. 
He frowned as the Freeloader added “Come with me. You need something to wear for your body form, I’ll get it for you but you have to follow me to it.” 
He didn’t comment a response and followed the Freeloader out of the room he saw was a cave and continued to follow passing by humanoids with Freeloader forms that looked him up and down as he passed them following his guide till they reached a cave entrance and went inside. He found various clothing scattered on the ground on the floor of the cave which he stood watching as the Freeloader rooted around the clothes then tossed him a long sleeve top that was similar to the High Council’s servant masked Highlander wear. Jinks put on along with the pants tossed to him and the socks and shoes he got tossed to. 
He felt himself much better wearing the clothes covering his nakedness as the Freeloader he eyed spoke “I must warn you that there’s a High Council assassin dubbed Mindbender who has loyalties to the group that has some sense to detect us in hidden states. He has managed to repeatedly trick Keos into showing themselves who get captured by the gonoid heads, Anubis and Falcons and implant removed along with put to sleep. The Keos captured in question, get brought to the High Council where their scanned very deeply by the group and then Mindbender assassinates them at the group’s order and their bodies deposed by the Meritanians, transporting them over an eater mountain which completely destroys their bodies leaving nothing left.” 
He spoke feeling like needing to do it “Who’s this Mindbender anyway and what does he look like?”
He eyed the Freeloader who spoke “You already met him and seen what he looks like which Barry said it was rude for you to stare at him while he was at the bar waiting for his drink of ordered Vodka.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing that to recall what the Freeloader was talking about fully in his mind which he spoke “I recall what you’re talking about. I do recall when I laid eyes on him looking at me, he gave me some sense I call the creeps.” 
He heard from the Freeloader “Your creep sense is quite common among First Ones who have similar feelings whenever they see Mindbender as reported by the Meritanians scanning his victims just prior to him assassinating them as ordered by the High Council.” 
He didn’t comment a response as the Freeloader added “Come with me. You need nourishment as a requirement, to wearing the implant, just to function properly, also your body needs it, from withdrawing from the drug, we switched without Ajax knowing of it.” 
He spoke as the Freeloader walked towards him “Switched drug? What are you talking about?”
He narrowed his eyes at the Freeloader who stopped walking once in front of him and the male spoke “The High Council doesn’t know of this and Barry has yet to say anything and the Meritanians for some reason haven’t blabbed it yet.”
He cleared his throat as the Freeloader shook his head and then added “Actually we switched the drug that is said to put manoids to death once its in their system with a drug that is said to make manoids appear dead enough to set off alarms but they suffer going through it withdrawing from their systems enough to go mad without our help of scanning their minds to keep them sane enough to function.” 
He spoke “Oh interesting so what happens to the people who are drugged in response?”
He kept his eyes narrowed as the Freeloader spoke sounding nervous unexpectedly “Just don’t worry about that Assassin Lord.” 
He frowned hearing the words Assassin Lord as the Freeloader added with nervousness stopped “Argh got to admit we can sense whenever Barry is spying hence my words. He was doing that at the moment then stopped to spy on someone else. As to answer your question those people after examined by our ruler either live with us as an assassin working for us, or living elsewhere, causing trouble for the High Council wherever they are.” 
He didn’t comment a response as the Freeloader continued “Nourishment you need it, so come with me while I take you where you’re to eat.” 
He obeyed following the Freeloader out of the cave pass various Freeloaders which stared at him which he ignored. They reached a large room that looked like a cafeteria room to him in a cave with various Freeloaders gathered at tables while hearing chattering sounds as he was led inside. He ignored chatter become whispering as he neared their table while following the male to rows of machinery and taught how to get nourishment from them into bowls, plates and cups sitting on a tray along with silverware to get, for eating instead of hands. He listened and paid attention very well as the male led him to a small table next to the wall with a piece of paper stuck on the side on it and it only had two chairs there. He frowned eyeing the piece of paper to see it had writing on it which his senses told him was for the Freeloaders’ ruler as he sat and adjusted the mask to reveal his mouth and forced himself to take his time eating and drinking using his right hand holding the silverware. His primary hand instead of his left as usual due to figuring out that Barry would be watching him from time to time with no idea of who he was. He ate and drank his food and once done hear a sound like a horn to him to hear chatter stopped. Jinks eyed the doorway to spot a female Freeloader wearing some jumpsuit escorted by two male Freeloaders that was heading towards him from the looks of it. He figured to himself that she was the Freeloaders’ ruler as the female with him watching reached his table and sat opposite from him in a chair and leaned back with eyes narrowed appearing to be scrutinizing him. He ignored her looks to resume taking in his food and drink and once done wiped his mouth with his sleeve of his left arm due to noticing Freeloaders doing that as they finished taking in their nourishment. He adjusted the mask to cover his mouth and throat entirely covering his head and throat area then leaned back folding his arms copying the way she folded hers while having eyes on the Freeloaders’ ruler.  
Jinks frowned as she spoke to him in Summeran instead of Basic as spoken by his Freeloader guide “Ah, the famous Assassin Lord, as heard by the others spoken about you. Tell me you get it my words, sir.” 
He heard the nervousness in her voice tone figured that Barry was spying again along with realizing something coming to his mind and additional information springing up abruptly within him as he narrowed his eyes. 
He spoke in Summeran finding his voice was different than it was when he spoke in basic “I get it your words, your Queenship so talk on what’s on your mind now. I refused to mind scan you or any Keo no matter how ordered or begging you or them say to me so speak your words.” 
He fisted his hands while keeping his arms folded and eyes narrowed while staring at the Queen, the Freeloaders’ ruler who spoke sounding annoyed “Argh that Barry is very nosy and has been repeatedly spying on various Keos telling me that. Them telling me its appearing that he’s trying to spy on you judging by them sensing him spying on them whenever their looking in your direction.” 
He spoke “Interesting Queenship perhaps I should order him taken out on a permanent basis if you like it to happen.” 
He stared at the Queen who spoke “Actually Barry isn’t a problem at the moment that he has proven to have some loyalties towards me while appearing to have loyalties to a group dubbed High Council. You heard of them hmm?”
Jinks spoke “I’ve heard of them too well detailed Queenship and don’t ask me where I got my information.” 
He saw a big frown appear on her face followed by feeling himself falling backwards to hit metal floor from the feel and arms grabbed by familiar hands feeling gloved and lifted up to a standing position. 
He saw Barry nearby looking at him with a glare on the Builder’s face as the male spoke in sarcasm “The famous Assassin Lord as said by the Freeloaders.” 
He glared at Barry as the Builder added “Anubis lay off removing his mask or his unseen minions will kick your seat down on a permanent basis.” 
Jinks shifted to glare at Anubis nearby that gave off a loud Humph sound while hearing growling noises from the Falcons and saw the gonoid head’s ears become flat on top of his head as the guards holding him halted their noises. 
He shifted to glare at the High Council as Shad spoke “You will serve us or else Assassin Lord.” 
He kept his mouth shut in response as Onya spoke “What we tell you who to assassinate you will tell your minions to do it period even while doing jobs we order you to do too.” 
Jinks bared his teeth in response to Onya’s remark as Shad spoke “Anyhow be warned that we will call you at a moment’s notice for jobs for you and your minions to do. Ramses transport the Assassin Lord back to where you found him now.” 
He felt himself freed from the Falcons’ hold to find he back in the cafeteria room facing the Queen still seated in her chair which he went to her and sat down folding his arms copying her arms and leaned back with mouth shut not commenting anything. 
He heard from the Queen “Let me guess, you met the High Council and their speakers and their gonoid head guards hence you disappearing out of my sight in some light show as transported by the Meritanians to them.” 
He bobbed his head Freeloader style of yes gesture which was tipping the head sideways very visibly and straightened his head while still staring at the Queen who added “Argh let me guess the High Council ordered you to serve them doing assassination jobs by yourself and your minions with a threat of using the words ‘or else.’”
He again bobbed his head and heard from the Queen in response “Interesting that the High Council would do that. It shows that the High Council is quite desperate to keep you from targeting them. You and your minions have targeted them and their servants before, with successful assassinations unstopped by the group and their people that served them.” 
He didn’t comment a response as memories spilled in his mind which he figured were from former holders to the title of Assassin Lord along with seeing that the minions were actually Freeloaders themselves. He realized with a start that the Assassin Lord was originally a male Freeloader with title nearly equal to the Queen and passed down male Freeloaders which he frowned wondering why he was given that title as a result. 
He broke his reverie as he again heard from the Queen “Anyway just to warn you, don’t ever target Mindbender in an assassination attempt period. He has managed to successfully bring down assassins targeting him including a predecessor of yours holding the Assassin Lord title so lay off targeting him till I give you permission to do it. We’re still trying to find out his weakness despite him hiding it successfully from us.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut in response as the Queen continued to talk “I remind you that Mindbender had a Pishon as his mate who passed away recently from her own body system shutting down some ending lifespan sickness. He’s still apparently hurting from that death. The High Council hasn’t at the moment bothered to use the Pishon’s death as motivation towards Mindbender to assassinate my people and myself by claims of poisoning done to her. We have used that talk when confronted by this assassin who has refused to believe the talk and killed the ones who said it to him in response. I’m warning you to be careful when using that tactic onto Mindbender when confronted by that assassin. None of us has gotten out alive after we said that talk to him.” 
He spoke as the Queen became silent figuring out what she meant by Pishon which was Keo word for female along with recalling Gihon was Keo word for male “I get it your words Queenship. Anything else you like me to know of hmm?”
He stared at her as she spoke “Actually there was a predecessor Queen who claimed to the Keo that she raised Mindbender off Shadan on some another world and was very clearly detailed on the raising that assassin to us before she was taken out in some assassination by Mindbender himself doing it without orders by the High Council. The assassination of the Queen if you recall your history got some Gihon Keo to declare himself Assassin Lord leading a group of us to do assassin jobs against the High Council and their servants which has happened with successful assassinations as a result. Also this Keo in question wound up taken out by Mindbender in some confrontation of the Keo claiming that he was Mindbender’s father which Mindbender in question appeared to not believe him and killed him as a result. The Keo’s Gihon offspring took over the position and got the title passed down to Gihon offspring which has been given to you and its now your responsibility to honor that title period.” 
He spoke as the Queen stopped talking “I aim to honor that title to the best of my ability Queenship.”
He stood up and unfolded his arms from memory fully in his mind and with a hand fisted over his chest and bowed towards her then stood straightening up his form. 
He eyed her as she spoke “Your duties remember it now.” 
He bobbed his head and mentally spoke “I hide.” 
Jinks felt he fade from view to look around the room seeing his eyesight flash from night vision to day vision showing Keos appearing to be staring at his direction while they appeared to be in hidden state forms as his eyesight switched views. He eyed a Keo hidden but appearing to him and went to him to put a hand on the male’s shoulder tapping him three times in code for Assassin Lord seeing him and others hidden which the male bobbed his head and turned around with him following out of the room. He followed seemingly lengthy till he heard a humming sound and entered a cave showing a familiar travel gate in its place which he eyed the Keo that revealed his form with a soft squealing sound and he obeyed to reveal his form while hearing other soft squeals all around him as multiple male Keos appeared into view. 
He spoke in Summeran “Report now.”
He stiffened as the Keo disappeared and nearby in his line of sight was Mindbender who bared his teeth at him and frowned seeing the male’s eyes turn glowing golden along with his jaw shifting to become longer with fanged teeth seen. Jinks stiffened realizing that it was a stunt played by the High Council to take out the Assassin Lord himself by putting him in the title as he was thrown backwards by some invisible wall force and hit the wall finding he sticking to it. Jinks saw three Keos appeared from hidden states appearing to be attacking Mindbender doing some combative art moves as his senses blared witnessing each Keo thrown backwards hitting the walls of the room he saw was an observation room belonging to the High Council. Jinks felt he still sticking to the wall unable to move as he eyed the Keos whose forms remained still with his senses blaring seeing blue liquid spurt out of their ears and closed eyes and figured that Mindbender assassinated them. He shifted to glare at Mindbender who resumed staring at him and stiffened as his senses blared telling him that the assassin was mind scanning him which he frowned seeing an image of a whip with a black background and lightening flashing in his mind that continued to flash. He frowned inwardly as the wall and stickiness stopped and he felt familiar gloved hands grab him by the arms along with a hand covering his covered mouth annoying him to figure out that he was played. He glared at the High Council to find Mindbender there that shifted his form to look more Human like while looking in his direction then looked away to stare at the group. 
He heard from Shad “Well, Mindbender?”
He heard to his annoyance from Mindbender “The information of preceding Assassin Lords is clearly in Horus’ mind as I thought it would happen, High Council.” 
Jinks fisted his hands feeling annoyance become full blown as he figured he was played to play the Freeloaders into giving up their Assassin Lord title to him. 
He glared at the High Council with accusation within him despite the Master still in control as Onya spoke “Interesting, Mindbender. So what have you found out hmm?”
He heard from Mindbender “The Assassin Lord title is male Freeloader originated as a response to an assassination of a Queen brought down by me doing the killing job.”
Jinks felt he getting angry as Mindbender continued talking “It appears from mind scans of Horus that each Assassin Lord gains information from the preceding title holder mentally whenever they hold the title which I’m unsure of how this is happening at the moment.” 
He felt his familiar mind scanning sense abruptly followed by his angry mood going away as the sense stopped which he kept his mind blank in response while listening for Mindbender’s talk who added “The Assassin Lord’s minions did try to use a First One in the title before, who didn’t retain the information instead was easily brought down by me doing it to him along with doing it to his escorting minions after Barry got them transported to you in a secure location.” 
He glared at the High Council as Mindbender he heard became silent followed by Shad speaking “Well very useful, Mindbender. Thanks Horus for getting rid of a pesky problem. Anyway Ramses transport Horus aka Assassin Lord to a cell in the brig.” 
He felt the hand holds off him to find himself in a cell which he gave out a roaring like cry and snarled out loud uncaring of the language and uncaring who heard him “I was played!”
He repeated his words only to feel his voice cut off abruptly by a choking sensation which he looked off his left to find Ajax standing behind the cell bars a gloved hand fisted in his direction. 
Jinks held up a hand fisted and mentally spoke “I ordered a shield to form.” and sensed the choking stopped which he heard from Ajax using his voice “Sorry, Father, I was trying to get your attention. The noises you were making were too loud for me to use my own voice.”
He saw Ajax lower his fisted hand as he did the same and he spoke “Ajax, you could have mentally spoken that mind to mind instead.” 
He gave Ajax a glare who spoke still using his voice “Sorry I was ordered by the High Council to talk to you verbally and not scanning for communication.” 
He twisted his form folding his arms while giving Ajax a glare and spoke “Spill it, Ajax. Whose idea was it to put me in this titled position and play the Freeloaders in the process?”
He glared at Ajax who spoke “Actually from what I heard it was Mindbender who came up with that idea insisting that it’ll work using you for that titled position which his talk proved to be correct. I suspect someone else thought of that idea and gave Mindbender the responsibly for thinking it up.”
Jinks spoke as Ajax became silent “Anything else I should know of, Ajax?”
He eyed his son hearing Ajax shook his head in a Human no gesture followed by the male’s voice blaring in his mind “Actually I heard from Listeners that Barry manipulated Anubis to think up the idea and to tell it to the High Council with insisting that it’ll work.”
He frowned inwardly hearing Ajax’s words as his son spoke out loud “Nothing much to tell you as far as I can think of Father, so sorry. Excuse me.” 
He watched as Ajax disappeared in a flash of light which he went to the mattress and sat back leaning against the wall arms still folded feeling himself annoyed with Barry. He eyed the cell bars as if drawn to see his eyes sight flash from day vision to night vision showing a male Keo standing behind the cell bars staring at him from using a hidden state ability. 
Jinks sighed and mentally spoke “I hide.”  
He felt his form hidden but his senses blared warning as Anubis and Falcons appeared in front of the cell bars and heard from Anubis in a loud whisper “I’ll show yourself now, Horus or else. Your implanted with a tracking device that is tracking your location and don’t bother doing anything to hide from us for we know where you are period.” 
He sat up straighter hearing Anubis’s words as he spoke out loud “Anubis, you expect me to show myself to someone pathetic like you? Forget it. I show myself when I want to period.” 
He glared at Anubis who spoke “Your Assassin Lord because of that mask your wearing was passed down from the original title holder which is how that information Mindbender said to be clear in your mind passed to you something I told the High Council about.” 
He stiffened hearing that as Anubis continued “The High Council seemed to believe my hunch by their speakers saying something along the lines of that it’s a good idea.” 
Jinks without a word got up and walked up to the cell bars as Anubis stopped talking to put ears flat on top of his head. 
He spoke once reaching the cell bars and stopping from walking “Interesting theory Anubis. Tell me how you plan to prove it hmm?”
He heard Anubis give off a growl sound and saw the cell bars swung open followed by feeling the Falcons having their hands on his arms which he snarled out “Don’t tell me that tracker said my location.” 
He heard nothing from Anubis as he felt the mask yanked off his head and heard cloth ripping sounds along with pain in his left arm and a feeling like he stopped being hiding making him feel wooziness hitting him which he shook his head. 
He jerked as he was freed and grimaced from the bang of the cell bars as Anubis’s voice was heard “Don’t have to prove it Horus. Mindbender confirmed that theory from scanning your mind when you were wearing the mask and saw what was seen clearly in there.” 
He heard nothing more from Anubis collapsed to his knees putting hands on his forehead and rubbing the area while shaking his head from dizziness repeatedly struggling to get that feeling away from him. 
He saw an image of crowned male wearing shiny clothing flash in his mind followed by a cruel male voice speaking mentally in his mind “Jinks stop trying to resists to that. Just sleep it off and it’ll go away.” 
He obeyed recognizing the image of Lance and his father’s voice as he got up stumbling to the bed and laid his form down on it. 
He mentally spoke “Why didn’t you warn me of this stunt anyway?”               
Jinks felt sleepiness in response shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who spoke as if hearing his question “Warn you? Why should I give the High Council evidence of me communicating to you via mind talk? The High Council suspect me doing this as warned by Ajax and have been trying to catch me in the process of doing that to you just so they can put a stop to this with whatever mental mind abilities they have on hand.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that from Lance who added “The High Council managed to figure out how that body your using says that your with me in a conversation hence they saying that if you recall them babbling it.” 
He bobbed his head recalling the High Council’s talk of that fully in his mind as he spoke “Just tell me what’s with the scene of a whip with black background and lightening flashing seen when Mindbender scanned my mind?”
He frowned as Lance’s eyes became all black making him nervous as his father shifted to glare at the Meritanians he saw had heads bowed and appeared to not overhear the conversation. 
He heard from Lance “That background you saw is indicating mind walkers can’t fully access your minds contents which only the Meritanians can do that. I suspect that they let Mindbender have access to your mind him talking about scanning you and you saying about a certain background seen.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that to eye the Meritanians as he heard Lance give off a loud roaring sound shifted to look at his father and with speed grabbed his raised hands while speaking “No more of that stunt, Father, now.” 
He glared at Lance who gave him a glare and heard from his father “Don’t tell me on what to do around here, Jinks. So let go of my hands now or else.” 
He obeyed and felt his eyes forced shut in response to come to feeling the earth shaking all around him while hearing Ramses’ voice blaring in his mind “That’s Lance Richard doing it! Horus tried to stop him from doing that but he kicked Horus out and now he’s doing it!”
Jinks exhaled a breath as he mentally spoke “Ramses what will get it through my father’s head that setting off earthquakes will cause you to retaliate against him by picking on me?”
He heard nothing in response as the earthquakes stopped and felt himself floating in air which he looked around finding himself in the sky over the vast ocean and falling towards it in a fast move. He growled an annoyed sound as the scene changed and saw metal floor rise up to meet him which he landed on his feet into a squat along with feeling his arms grabbed and straightened up with Anubis’s hand covering his mouth. Jinks glared at the High Council seeing Barry there glaring at him but Mindbender wasn’t in view. 
He glared at Barry in response as Shad spoke “We have a job for you Horus and expect you to do it period or else.” 
He mentally spoke hearing Ramses voicing his words “The job you have in mind for me to do better be worth my time for I don’t like being played by you and your minions so quit that.” 
He glared at the High Council as Onya spoke “Such rudeness from Horus. We expect more from you, Horus on that. Where is your manners Horus hmm?”
He mentally spoke “I apologize for my rudeness excuse me.” 
He heard Ramses speaking it followed by both speakers speaking “Argh!”
Jinks eyed the speakers to see that they had head bowed followed by the High Council seated behind waggling their heads and waving their hands seemingly lengthy as he shifted to eye Barry who looked like he had a smirk on his face and was trying to hide it by his golden eyes glaring at him. 
Jinks frowned as the High Council’s conversation seemed lengthy followed by speakers raising their heads and Shad speaking “Anyway transport Horus back to the brig since he’s proved his usefulness to us.” 
He felt the hand holds off of him and found himself in a cell which he groaned and went to the mattress to sit back leaning against the wall and heard ahem spoken off his left. Jinks looked to frowns seeing Barry there that had a smirk on his face with eyes no longer golden. 
He frowned as Barry spoke with pride in his voice tone “Interesting words spoken by you, Jinks. You got the High Council to back off targeting you for awhile that they always do that to anyone who speaks similar sounding words to them. Oh, I warn you that this back off time period varies depending on the High Council’s mood so be warned I said it to you.” 
He didn’t comment a response as Barry spoke in foreign language using a compelling voice tone and disappeared in a flash of light which he sighed and felt sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who gagged him on the throat with a hand on it.
He gagged out “What did I do this time?”
Jinks heard from Lance sounding firm “That job you convinced the High Council to drop involved you fighting Mindbender in a physical combat battle using combative art methods.”
He stiffened hearing that as Lance continued talking “The High Council wanted to see how you’ll do against Mindbender in a combative art fight. That assassin is always undefeated in such battles and it doesn’t matter what the species are for he always has won the fight period.” 
He continued to stiffen as Lance kept talking “The High Council has thrown such fights like this before against Mindbender who’s an idiot, not protesting to the fighting orders, or saying anything, to convince his opponent, to back off fighting him. That assassin seems too happy to fight people, him refusing to balk orders, to fight and opponents trying to talk him out of fighting them. He seems to enjoy this fighting and seems to enjoy the High Council ordering him to put down fighters on a permanent basis and doesn’t seem to care what species they are, for he’ll always fight and kills them off once ordered.” 
Jinks frowned feeling his eyes forced shut which he passed out and came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder while feeling himself seated in a chair and hearing various conversations of Highlander and Human toned talk all around him. Jinks jerked open his eyes hearing the Master roaring within his mind to find next to him was Barry who jerked a thumb gesturing him to get up. Jinks obeyed and saw the Builder jerk his head in a direction which he looked seeing a metal fence he was inches away from it and saw it was a large cage rectangular shaped and seemed familiar to him. 
Jinks frowned as he looked around seeing various Highlanders and Humans wearing clothes that made him think “The clothes are fancy and business wear.” that ignored him looking at them. 
They conversed among each other while feeling his body clad in its familiar clothes given to him by the Freeloader. 
He eyed Barry with a questioning look on his face as the Builder spoke “Your getting a preview of Mindbender fighting along with seeing how he fight opponents. You wound up doing something nice and you gaining this as a reward for the niceness. Also I warn you that they haven’t dropped the idea of what you were told by a certain somebody to have you do a certain job. I’m not sure if Mindbender is aware of this or not but we’ll see.”
He frowned as he heard a horn sound followed by conversations all around him becoming silent as a male voice was heard amplified by microphone speaker “Now entering the ring, Mindbender!”
He heard loud cheers and applause to frown to see off his in front of him was a gate doorway followed by Mindbender bare of a top showing his muscular chest and arms similar toned to himself he saw, enter the caged area and went to an end to stand with arms up hands fisted eyes appearing to be on the gated doorway.  Jinks frowned as he shifted towards the gated doorway to see a commotion of people gathered and hauling a figure a male, Human, he saw was struggling in their arm grips and got forced into the cage with door slamming behind the male. Jinks frowned further forming it on his lips as the male he saw was bare of a top that appeared to look nervous as the crowd all around him.
He overheard one yelled “Insulting to the fighter for not fighting! We give encouragement for a fight from the fighter Mindbender!” in a loud tone. 
He watched the Human male who eyed Mindbender and darted towards the gated door banging his fists onto it while yanking on the fence to no effort. He groaned softly as the male stopped his banging as there was a loud humming sound heard which told him was electricity coursing through the fence and saw Mindbender walk calmly up to the male who darted behind the assassin that spun around. He continued to watch as the male repeatedly kept up his darting around Mindbender who spun around missing him while swinging a hand towards his opponent. Jinks frowned as Mindbender halted his spinning and folded his arms Freeloader style while having a glare on his face facing his direction while appearing to be staring at him, making him groan softly. He frowned as the opponent got behind Mindbender who spun around unfolding arms and got a hold of the male’s neck who struggled to free himself from an apparent ironclad hold on the area. Jinks continued to watch as Mindbender lifted the male up dangling his feet like it was no effort to him and saw the opponent become limp in the assassin’s hand grip which his senses blared telling him that the male had died from suffocation. He stiffened as Mindbender threw the male’s lifeless body towards the fence in his direction who hit it hearing the electricity stop, followed by the opponent’s body sliding down form still. 
Jinks eyed Mindbender who raised his arms up hands fisted and gave off some loud roaring sound while hearing the crowd cheer in response “Mindbender! Mindbender!” 
Jinks shifted to look at Barry as the crowd began doing their familiar chattering sounds again which he saw the Builder looking at him who spoke “Your impressions on this?”
He spoke “He used brute strength and patience to defeat his opponent.”
He eyed Barry who spoke “Yes, your correct on this assumption anything else you’ve seen?”
Jinks spoke “His opponent thought that the electricity in the gates would be enough to bring Mindbender down by attempting to push him towards them hence he repeatedly behind the fighter whenever he turns around to face him.” 
He didn’t comment further as Barry spoke “Interesting, so tell me what you would have done to avoid getting Mindbender’s hands onto you, hmm?”
He exhaled a breath at Barry’s question inhaled and spoke “What his opponent was trying to do get behind Mindbender each time he turns around and wear him down till he’s tired then push him into the gate hoping it’ll put him down permanently.” 
He saw Barry’s eyes flare golden looked away and heard the Builder speak “Something you want Mindbender, since your eavesdropping?”
He shifted to look seeing Mindbender behind the gate inches away staring at him with a narrowed eyed look who spoke “Just curious on someone’s point of view towards this fight anyway.” 
Jinks heard from Barry “Go away and prepare yourself for another fight, Mindbender. You don’t want the wagers to be unhappy losing money from you not doing whatever you do in fights.” 
He eyed Mindbender who gave up a shrugging motion and walked away followed by Barry speaking in foreign language not using the voice and seemed to him that the Builder was angry which he looked at him seeing he was furious. 
He frowned as Barry halted his chatter to speak in Basic to him “Humph someone got it to Mindbender what a certain somebody warned you about hence his show off attitude towards his opponent and looking in your direction when doing it along with staring at you up close.” 
Jinks formed disgust on his face as Barry added “Did you learn anything else about this fight?”
He recalled it fully to speak “What you said to me about him being a show off and interests in me.” 
He stared at Barry who looked at him and the Builder spoke “Judging by his attitude he thinks the height differences would make it easier for him to defeat an opponent but unfortunately he doesn’t seem to realize that appearances are deceiving something he’s been slow to get repeatedly over and over despite my attempts to teach him that.”
Jinks frowned hearing Barry’s words which he recalled a fight fully in his mind of training among Amula in an army group and picked to fight an opponent with similar size as Mindbender. Jinks easily used karate to bring him down due to that the male wasn’t trained in his combative art styled moves which he shrugged in response. He heard from Barry speaking in foreign language using a compelling voice tone and saw the scene changed to find himself in a metal walled cell with low ceiling of gated fence on it and groaned softly figuring out that that High Council made up their minds to have him fight Mindbender as he shifted to find an opening in the square room. He saw a round window in one wall and saw part of it slid like a door followed by a Highlander wearing High Council servant wear clothes step into the room that paused to frown.
Jinks heard a male voice sounding in his mind “Remove your top or else now.” 
Jinks obeyed finding himself not having any choice to do it due to compelled which he heard from the Highlander verbalizing his words “Take him out and get him to the arena now!”
He stiffened as four Human men looking burly and beefy overweight entered the cell and proceeded to grab his arms and legs yanking him out of the room carrying him into a large hallway with double doors at the end. He didn’t protest or put up a fight as if compelled not to do it as the men hauled him through the doors to the cage which he again heard the familiar horn sound and announcer repeating his words along with cheers from the crowd. Jinks felt himself forced through the gated doorway along with hearing clanging noises as he fell onto the dirt ground and gripped some dirt in his hand recalling a fight with an opponent who cheated using dirt thrown in his eyes in an attempt to bring him down which he used his other senses to fight him off. Jinks gripped the dirt in his hand as he awkwardly got up to stand facing Mindbender in the cage who formed a sneer on his face and pointed a finger aimed at him while waggling it. Jinks felt compelled to drop the dirt figuring out that Mindbender figured he had it in his hand hence the finger wagging which he obeyed then raised his hands up fisted. 
He mentally spoke “I better have an equal chance of fighting you and you doing the same to me.” 
Jinks heard nothing in response narrowed his eyes in a glare aimed at Mindbender who walked up to him which he struck out a foot aimed at the male’s stomach only to get it caught by his hand gripping it. Jinks struck out using the hand hold to raise him up striking his other foot at Mindbender’s head hitting home and felt the handhold on his foot released as he jumped down onto the ground landing on his feet and kept his eyes onto the fighter who formed a glare on his face sneering look gone. Jinks shrugged in response as Mindbender struck throwing a foot aimed at his head which he ducked and swung a leg kicking at the male’s standing leg seeing it hit home followed by the fighter hitting the dirt ground which he backed up in response to hear the crowd’s words become more insulting and jeering. Jinks eyed Mindbender who swung himself up using a familiar karate move and charged towards him while swinging fists which he used karate to avoid them while kicking at the male who attempted to catch his feet by the hands swinging near them while being kicked repeatedly. 
Jinks mentally spoke as he jumped and danced out of Mindbender’s reaching attempts to grab his legs “Humph, what lesson is the High Council thinking of teaching either him or me?”
He heard nothing in response continued to use his legs and feet kicking Mindbender away from him while avoiding the male’s attempts to grab his feet which happened repeatedly over and over till the male charged at him with full body attack and he ducked to the side tripping him who hit the ground and thumped fists before getting up with a familiar karate move. He jerked as he felt dirt thrown into his eyes making him blind and forced he to stand still waiting and using his senses as they blared warning which he struck out a foot behind him along with kicking whenever Mindbender got behind him according to senses blaring. 
Jinks heard the horn abruptly heard from Mindbender as the crowd seemed quieter “Go jump in a lake, Barry!”
He frowned as he stood and jerked as something was sprayed in his eyes clearing up his eyesight and he saw a Highlander in front of him holding a sprayer in his hand and then dart away going through the cage’s entrance.
Followed by the crowded taunting them both to fight “Fight you cowards!”  
Jinks shrugged in response to eye Mindbender who gave him a glare before the male swung a foot aimed at his head which he ducked and again got the fighter onto his back by kicking his free standing leg that swung himself up with a glare still on the male’s face. 
He heard from a Highlander abruptly “Mindbender is thinking of using his mental mind abilities to knock you flat which he’s told not to use them as ordered by the High Council which you can’t use either. Its considered cheating and the fighter are shot by projectile weapon if that is sensed.”
Jinks didn’t comment a response as Mindbender charged towards him with legs and fists swinging at him whom he proceeded to use karate onto the male blocking him while also kicking at him and using fists in response as he fought the fighter. 
He heard the crowd become silent by a loud male voice yell “Cheater!”
Jinks halted his movements sensing Mindbender doing the same and kept his eyes on him as the male returned the look with having hands fisted up as he did the same. 
He heard from the announcer “Which one is the mind walker?”
He heard from the male voice “He is!” 
He heard a gun shot sound stiffened as stinging pain was felt on his back along with seeing a painful look in Mindbender’s eyes as he slid to the ground and fell unconscious.

Jinks came to hearing a ringing sound, jerked opened his eyes, finding himself restrained by the familiar guards of the High Council while in their room and wearing clothing on his form that was different from the clothes the Freeloader gave him. 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Ramses transport Mindbender to us now.” He heard from Ramses “Sorry High Council but he’s is in no condition for sensible talking at the moment and is in a violent mood due to realizing that appearances are deceiving which is what he got it as taught by you trying to teach him that.” 
He frowned as Onya spoke “What are you talking about Ramses? We made no such motion on that.” 
He concentrated on the High Council as Ramses spoke “Sorry forgot that was Barry doing it which he’s busy overseeing Mindbender’s latest nasty tantrum and from the looks of things that Builder is unstoppable when it comes to using his voice on people.” 
He heard from Shad “Transport Barry to us now.” 
Ramses spoke “Sorry High Council but Barry commanded us not to do that due to that he’s busy helping Mindbender calm down from a childish tantrum which the assassin is slow to get it that he shouldn’t be like that.”
Jinks frowned further inwardly as Shad spoke “What childish tantrum are you talking about?”
He heard from Ramses “Jeez Mindbender your whining isn’t going to get you anything around here especially freed from Barry’s ironclad grip on your neck which believe me no one has succeeded in getting out of.” 
He frown hearing the word ironclad emphasized as Ramses continued “High Council I suggest you lay off having Mindbender in your presence till Barry says so period. He’s currently acting childish at the moment and Barry is trying to get him to act grown up like.” 
He heard nothing more from Ramses as Shad spoke “Fine Ramses! Just be quiet for awhile now!” 
He didn’t comment a response as the speakers lowered their heads followed by the High Council doing their head waggling and hand gesture waving which seemed lengthy followed by Barry appearing in a light show with a glare on the male’s face. 
He eyed Barry who looked at his direction flaring golden eyes then looked away to stare at the High Council followed by Shad speaking “Well Barry on your take involving Mindbender?”
He eyed Barry who spoke “He was ranting about wanting to learn Jinks’ combative art moves and not easily defeating him. 
I got him to learn that appearances are deceiving, him thinking ‘Jinks was puny and weak easily brought down.’ when he wasn’t using combative art moves onto him in the fight. 
Mindbender managed to get it that he shouldn’t be a show off when it comes to his fighting and shouldn’t assume his brute strength and body’s size is enough to defeat his opponents’ period.” 
Jinks frowned as Onya was heard “Well what’s your take on Mindbender and Horus meeting each other again?”
He groaned softly as Barry spoke “With due respects High Council I wouldn’t recommended that till Mindbender has recovered enough from the fight to be calmer at the meeting along with Jinks getting it my lesson I wanted him to learn from the fight.” 
He frown hearing that as Barry spoke in foreign language using the voice which he felt handholds off him and found himself walking towards the Builder as if compelled then stopped till he was gagged on the throat in an ironclad hold. 
Jinks heard from Barry “Care to tell me what lesson you learned from the fight, Jinks?”   
He gagged out “It’s what you said involving Mindbender using his brute strength and size to defeat opponents like him, assuming that they’ll work every time when he fights. You also said that he shouldn’t show off when fighting and appearances are deceiving, he thinking I was easily fought due to my size and looks that suggested weak and puny like you said quoting him. Is that the lesson you want me to learn?”
He got from Barry “And Jinks? What else?”
He spoke “Argh, I shouldn’t assume my combative art training would be enough to defeat opponents despite easily doing it to Mindbender who had no fighting ability to combat me fighting that style.”
He got freed from Barry in response as he forced himself to stand while coughing and breathing deeply through his nose as his arms were grabbed again along with mouth covered. 
He breathed deeply with a frown within him as Barry spoke “I was told by a Highlander that Mindbender during the fight was thinking of using his mental ability to fight off Jinks, being easily defeated by him. 
The Highlander in question told Mindbender off on using that ability but managed to yell the word ‘Cheater!’ when it was obvious that his wager money on Mindbender was going to be taken away, Jinks appearing to easily defeat him. 
I must add that this Highlander used some kind of persuasion method onto the judge to pick Jinks to be shot but I used my voice ability to get him shot without hitting any vital organs enough to be put out unconscious.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as Barry stopped talking followed by Shad speaking “That does explain some questions regarding Horus with projectile found in his bone rib instead of hitting a vital organ like what was normally expected from fighters shot.” 
He saw a light show to see Mindbender appear staring at him with a glare on the male’s face that shifted form showing the familiar long jaw and fanged teeth and glowing eyes look along with hands having changed to clawed look that made him think it was weird while sensing anger from the assassin. Jinks willed the Master through as if compelled finding himself easily doing it and felt his arms and mouth freed to rise up a hand mentally ordering a shield to form while feeling some pressure of a wall hitting the shield. He sensed the familiar feeling of filming to hear the ocean sounding loudly figured that the Meritanians transported the both of them out of the High Council’s throne room as the wall stopped pressing followed by something like a stick pointing end hitting the shield wall while seeing Mindbender’s eyes narrow with a glare forming on the male’s face. He narrowed his eyes in response as the stick hitting stopped and he mentally ordered Mindbender to sleep who jerked his head sideways while appearing to not go to sleep despite his mental order repeated as the male kept jerking his head sideways repeatedly. He halted his order as he heard a shrieking sound come from Mindbender sounding louder and louder beginning to hurt his ears which he mentally ordered a shield to form over him and felt his ear pain stop giving him relief. He glared at Mindbender who opened his mouth and he felt a vibration hitting him as some wall hit his shield repeatedly which he bent his knees from the vibrations hitting repeatedly over and over making him want to walk backwards which he refrained from doing it as the male kept his mouth open towards him. 
Jinks glared at Mindbender who appeared to stop giving off the vibrations by the mouth shutting which he spoke in basic realizing something from his memories as Assassin Lord “Spill it Mindbender, you’re angry and is taking it out on me and whoever is in your path.” 
He felt the mind scanning sensed kept the shield up as he saw the familiar whip with dark background and lightening flashing in his mind along with hearing Ramses’ voice speaking “High Council, Horus isn’t fooled by the stunt your pulling onto him and managed to figure it out enough to say that Mindbender is furious about something and is taking out his anger onto him.” 
He kept the shield up as Ramses paused followed by the Meritanian speaking “Go to sleep Mindbender.” 
He eyed Mindbender who willed away the weird look and collapsed onto the ground he saw was a beach surrounded by water all around them as the male disappeared in a flash of light. He lowered his hand mentally willing away the shield to feel his senses blaring warning abruptly which he mentally brought the beached earth up repeatedly all around like a volcano eruption.
Jinks heard loud male voice yell sounding familiar “Stop it now! I said stop it now!”        
Jinks obeyed to find a big dirt lump in front of him shifted to show Mindbender without the weird look getting up from a kneeling position that spoke in basic “Who the heck are you actually? I doubt that Horus son of Osiris is that proper anyway?” 
He frowned sensing the filming had stopped abruptly which he spoke hearing Lance speaking in his mind which he repeated the words “I’m dubbed among the First Ones deity lord Lance Richard, who is also known as Lord of the Underworld, ruler of the earth and gonoids.”
Jinks folded his arms as Mindbender spoke “Well that’s what the High Council tells me.” 
He raised a hand as his senses blare warning mentally ordering a shield to form as Mindbender’s weird look resumed along with the filming sensed. Jinks gave Mindbender a glare as Barry appeared in a light show speaking foreign language using a compelling voice tone which he felt the Master willed away and saw Mindbender’s weird look get willed away in the process. Jinks frowned eyeing Barry who continued his compelling voice chatter to find himself back into the High Council’s throne room by the familiar holds onto him and both Mindbender and Barry in his line of sight with the Builder halting his chatter. 
Jinks felt like glaring glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Interesting that the beach got thrown everywhere judging by the looks of it. Mindbender is looking dirty to us despite the recorders gone out of service abruptly. You have any explanation to that hmm?”
Jinks heard from Barry “Actually Mindbender used a new trick onto Jinks, but it cancelled his mental form after throwing it at him, who used his ground elemental powers onto, him hence he looking dirty.”
Jinks didn’t comment a response as Onya spoke “Alright, Ramses transport Mindbender back to his quarters for him to get cleaned up now immediately. We can’t have an assassin looking like that as our reason.” 
He saw Mindbender disappear in a flash of light which he concentrated on the High Council as Shad spoke “Ramses put Horus to sleep now.” 
He felt sleepiness hitting him passed out unconscious to find he in the barroom feeling like he was floating and saw Barry enter the room to sit at a stool and heard the Builder speak “No drink, I’ll gulp it.” 
Jinks frowned as Barry placed a hand on his forehead and had form shaking as he hear sinister laughter sounds and found the scene changed to show he in a panic room which he felt confused seeing a familiar figure there he recognized as Hades. 
He stared at Hades who spoke “I will have what I want.”
Jinks heard a shrieking sound and saw a familiar manoid appear attacking Hades. He stiffened recognizing the manoid as some humanoid version of a bat dubbed Batty by the High Council and realized why the being knocked him out mentally. He realized with a start that Hades had somehow gotten into his body and was itching to come out and form over him. Batty sensed and prevented that hence knocking him out in some year long coma for his body to fight off Hades which he figured worked for now as the scene went black. 

Jinks came to facing Lance who examined his face, hair by the hands’ touch and examined his hands which he refrained from sighing loudly from the touch. He kept his mouth shut and eyed Lance with a frown and noticed that the Meritanians were scrutinizing him judging by their narrowed eyed looks. 
Jinks frowned and spoke as Lance stopped his hand touch “Don’t tell me I went around as Hades anyway.” 
He heard a growl from Lance in response and saw his father’s eyes became all black followed by gagged on the throat which he heard from him “Actually a Highlander nearby Hades with a descendant of yours, posing as Hades played some stunt onto you to get the Drainer into you, was using some mental power to make you believe the descendant took off the mask and shredded it in pieces, when it was actually put on your face instead. The Hades suit fell off the descendant who died and became a Charon which the Hades in you didn’t activate due to going to someone else.”
Jinks groaned out as Lance paused “Hence that manoid gonoid Batty sickening me due to knowing Hades was within me and tried to keep that Drainer from forming over me.” 
He frowned as Lance spoke “Argh Meritanians you could have said something about what Batty was doing to my son here.” 
He heard nothing in response to his father’s words as Lance continued “Anyway Jinks, Barry managed to get the Hades suit off of you by dumping it onto August after he got out of being contained in a tube. A pity to August that Hades found what he was seeking which was an acceptable manoid to form over and take control. Its going to be awhile before that Drainer dumps August once it’s apparent that August’s body becomes useless to him.”
Jinks frowned as he heard Ramses’ familiar question abruptly felt his eyes forced shut came to feeling a rumbling vibration of a cat sitting on his chest while he was lying in bed with a hospital gown on his form along with manacles felt on his wrists and ankles. He jerked open his eyes with night vision flashing from day vision while hearing rumbles of thunder loudly to stare at the cat he saw that gave up a soft meow and rubbed its face on his chin which he sighed from the gonoid’s affection behavior. He felt himself filmed to raise his head looking around the room in his eyesight to figure that he was in the Zesky Hospital from the looks of it and sighed some more as the cat licked his chin then stood up arching its back followed by felt off of him which he frowned as the manacles were snapped off of him. He sat up and saw three familiar manoids standing around his bed he recognized as the three Elementals, Lord Teorjer, King Sea and Ellison Donovan that had narrowed eyed looks aimed at him.
They standing staring at him making him think “The three are up to something.” 
Jinks frowned as the Elementals each held up a hand towards him as lightening came from their hands and he arched his back gasping loudly from feeling of pleasure hitting him which he rolled his eyes from the feeling. He jerked as he spilled himself and with a loud sigh felt the feeling stop along with the familiar roaring noises sounding within the back of his mind he sensed belonged to the Master as he stopped the back arching and opened his eyes to discover the Elementals gone. He frowned seeing only night vision within his eyesight and sensed that the storm outside had stopped for now. Jinks frowned shaking his head and with a hand rubbed it on his forehead as he felt pressure of a cat getting onto his lap along with a cat’s meow heard. He looked down removing his hand to eye the cat that sat on his lap and curled into a ball followed by sleepiness hitting him. Jinks sighed figuring that the gonoid was doing that laid his form down and shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to feeling the familiar purring vibrations of the gonoid seated on his chest. He jerked open his eyes staring at the cat to sense his bed was different from the feel and seemed familiar which he eyed the ceiling as if drawn to see it was the Penthouse ceiling from the looks of it. 
He heard the familiar sound of the alarm clock blare along with a squeaky voice speaking “Its eight o’clock in the morning.” 
Jinks heard nothing more from the voice as the cat got off of him which he sat up looking around finding himself in his bedroom of the Penthouse and noticed things were the same but the armchairs looked different along with the curtains a different color. 
He heard from Lance abruptly “Humph, the High Council according to the Meritanians talking to the group isn’t finished manipulating you. Oh, from what I overheard they dumped you here to recover from being Hades. They once their sure you recovered will manipulate you again. I managed to get word to this Yeliza paired to you as your female to do whatever you want with her that the vessel of me is always known to be nasty towards people while I’m not.”     
Jinks frowned as Lance became silent looked off his right to spot the familiar female, he recognized as Yeliza lying asleep in bed with him which he sighed and got up from the bed finding himself naked. He eyed the cat that sat on Yeliza’s front licking her face and watched as the female woke up jerking her eyes that looked in his direction with a frown on her face. He eyed Yeliza that removed the cat without a protest from the gonoid and got up from the bed seeing her dressed in a nightgown and went to him. He stood eyeing Yeliza who took one of his hands and pulled him not protesting into the bathroom and got a hand sign from her to shower which he figured he could use one proceeded to obey to her order. Jinks showered thoroughly with Yeliza watching him and once done came out to dry himself with a towel then eyed her as he finished the drying who handed him some black clothing. Jinks put on his form finding it was clothing and shoes he wore as before when he first met her. Jinks got handed a hairbrush which after he finished putting on the clothes and shoes he went to the mirror and brushed his hair he noticed was no longer brownish looking bushy but entirely black and longer length. The hair appearing to look smooth silky looking and then placed the thing down on the sink counter and saw blue clothing folded on the sink counter. Jinks eyed Yeliza staring at him through the mirror. 
He turned around and pointed a finger at her and signed “Either shower or get dressed.” 
He folded his arms and gave her a glare who stripped herself of the nightgown which he continued to stare at her as she put on the clothing appearing to be a Peasant wear dress, that was on the sink counter along with putting on shoes on her feet then brushed her hair pulling it back into a tail. He walked out of the bathroom once she was done while slamming the bathroom door and heard it open as he went to the bedroom yanking open both doors to find a familiar Highlander there he recognized as McCork who nervously eyed him as he heard a meow sound.  
Jinks spoke in a rude tone “Is breakfast on the table ready for me or what?”     
He glared at McCork who spoke sounding nervous “I have to go into the kitchen to tell the servants to get the food out, it wasn’t sure of when you’ll wake up, sir.” 
He folded his arms and spoke “Fine, go tell the servants to get the food now, don’t dawdle.” 
He glared at McCork who turned around and darted away running down the hallway which he sensed Yeliza besides him ignored her as he went to the gym room to sense her following him but she stayed in the doorway as he went inside the room. 
He eyed the floor and figured that he’ll stretch only to hear from Lance “Don’t you dare fall into that split move! It’s been too long since you did those familiar body movements. Plus being contained as Hades must have done something to you so take it easy with the stretching.” 
Jinks sighed and sat down on the floor and proceeded to do his stretching exercises watched by Yeliza and filmed by the cameras sensed in the room. He felt himself not complaining from the movements of himself stretching and felt his limber status remained intact along with some stiffness sensed that went away as he took his time stretching. 
Jinks once done stretching heard from Lance as he thought of getting up karate style “Jinks, eat first before you do any karate. I’m pretty sure that body of yours would knock you out, if you do karate without getting any nourishment first, having it do that to me when I had it. I would wake up the next day ravenous hungry and eat too much as a result.”
He exhaled a breath and forced himself to get up awkwardly while hearing ahem sound which he looked at the doorway to find McCork there besides Yeliza which the Highlander servant spoke “Food is ready sir. You’ll find it on the table.”
He didn’t comment a response walked by McCork and Yeliza sensing her following which he went to the dining room and smelled food making his stomach rumble. Jinks went to sit at his familiar spot finding food in dishware on a tray there and notice another tray holding identical items in it next to his spot. He sat down and forced himself to take his time eating the food despite feeling ravenous and sipped the drink of strawberry milkshake having a familiar taste sensed in it that told him the drink had some drug in it to help him heal. He once done with the nourishment got up and found his feet leading him to the library to his annoyance which inside he felt himself compelled to sit in a wingback chair obeyed to the compulsion and sat. 
He mentally spoke “Spill it Father, you had the Meritanians manipulate me to go to the Library room instead of the gym room to practice karate.” 
He heard from Lance in response “Actually I had nothing to do with that. The Meritanians were overheard talking to the High Council that the group wanted you transported to them once you reportedly recovered fully from the Hades suit stunt. I suspect that your manipulating was the Meritanians trying to delay doing the transporting order. The recorders in the gym room have been hacked by servants of the High Council according to the Meritanians overheard talking to the group. The servants will report on your fitness status whenever you’re in there doing karate, with the plants doing the transporting order once the servants say that your fitness is fine, enough to standards.”
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that as he heard from Ramses abruptly “No I wouldn’t recommend transporting Horus to you due to that he hasn’t hit the gym room to do any of this combative art exercises obsession he seems to have at the moment. He only did exercise one of the servants dub by this weird word of Yoga just prior to taking in nourishment. 
‘Horus seems to be sluggish when he did the Yoga exercises.’ according to a servant trained in the exercise form.”
Jinks frowned as he felt himself falling backwards and hitting metal like floor from the feel along with feeling his arms grabbed by familiar hands and lifted up to stand and a familiar gloved hand clamped over his mouth. 
Jinks glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Sluggish Ramses? You were saying that we saw what we needed to see, and that shows that Horus is fine physically, at the moment.” 
He continued to glare as Ramses’ voice was heard “Well I got that sluggish remark from one of your servants who told that joke to me. That servant in question is actually jealous that Horus has some kind of limber ability that Highlanders can’t seem to achieve no matter how they stretch themselves silly.” 
Jinks refrained from thinking of any comments in response as Onya spoke “Well, why isn’t Barry in here, Ramses?”
He heard from Ramses “Hey Barry, wakey, wakey, the High Council want you in the meeting room so get up now.” 
He frowned as Ramses became silent followed by a light show in front of him revealing Barry that had eyes golden that narrowed them seeing him before stopping the golden eyed look and looking away towards the High Council. 
Shad spoke “Barry, how many times must we remind you of our order of you being present in the meeting room whenever Horus is present there?”
Jinks frowned hearing that as he heard nothing from Barry but heard from both speakers speaking “Barry! Drop that evil eye look now! We’re sick of you flaring that in our faces!”
He heard from Barry in response sounding annoyed to him “Well, excuse my rudeness, High Council but Ramses woke me up from one of my naps. You know how I am when I’m woken up from one of my napping statuses, by that Meritanian said his voice in my mind.”
He heard from Shad “Well, whatever Barry anyway what’s the status of Mindbender, hmm?”
Jinks eyed Barry as if drawn to see the Builder bowed his head followed by hearing the male’s voice speaking “He’s from what I’m seeing still doing that job for that First One male as some kind of bodyguard, keeping him alive.” 
He frowned as Ramses’ voice was heard “Actually High Council, Mindbender from mind scans via servants of yours hanging around and reporting on people’s minds contents seems itching to do assassinations. Something his new Master told him off not to do repeatedly despite him tempted to do it to people when that First One has him interrogate people by torture methods. He’s sensed not in a happy mood being told off on not doing killing and is itching to take down his Master in response along with doing it to various people in his Master’s circle. Oh he’s not doing the killing despite tempted due to your servants managed to contact him and told him off on that saying that you were keeping tabs on him and waiting for an opportunity to get him back as a servant once the fuss about some identified assassin gets dropped enough for him to serve you again.”
Jinks frowned hearing eyed Barry who raised his head followed by the Builder speaking “The Freeloaders want Jinks in their presence from overhearing their Queen chattering it to her people who are in process of mentally yelling that to the Meritanians.” 
He frowned further as Ramses’ voice was heard “No kidding, High Council, their blaring that request to me at the moment.” 
He shifted to glare at the High Council as Shad spoke “Fine, transport Horus but Meritanians, report back on what the Freeloaders said to him along with transporting him back once their done with him.” 
He felt the hand holds off of him and found night vision flaring in his eyesight as he heard a familiar voice speaking in Summeran “Told you that’s the one who the Meritanians dumped and compelled me to put the Assassin Lord mask onto him.” 
Jinks focused his eyes finding himself in a cave and in front of him two leg lengths’ away seated crossed legged was a female with a Shadonian look on her face and ears despite her long hair looking curly to him while wearing some jumpsuit. Jinks noticed standing next to her were two males having similar facial looks on their faces and ears and wearing some armor like clothing on their forms. Jinks wound up noticing a male with similar looks and having short curly hair standing next to him, towering with eyes narrowed aimed at him wearing some outfit that reminded him of the High Council’s masked servants. 
Jinks frowned as the female Freeloader he assumed the species spoke in Summeran sounding familiar to him “Interesting Thurin. What did the High Council say regarding this assassin, Mindbender hmm?”
He felt a hand clawed whack him on the shoulder repeatedly and heard from the male standing next to him “Answer the Queen, Underworld ruler.” 
He spoke in Summeran as the whacking stopped “He’s in some kind of bodyguard job protecting a Human male keeping him alive. I heard that he’s itching to do assassinations despite the Human, he protects telling him off not to do that whenever he’s ordered to interrogate people using torture methods. I also heard that he’s not happy with the Human’s telling off and is sensed thinking of killing him along with others in that male’s circle. Some servants of the High Council got a hold of him and told him that the group is waiting for the fuss about some identified assassin gets dropped so they can get him serving them again. That’s all I know of regarding Mindbender.”
He clamped his mouth shut and again got the whacking and heard “Talk on the fight with Mindbender now.” 
He spoke recalling Mindbender fighting a male Human along with two versions of fights with the male in his mind “Which one, the physical fight or mental fight?”
He heard from the Queen he assumed speaking “Both of them and honestly admit your opinion on both fights.” 
He spoke “Well the High Council had me observe Mindbender take down a fighter before the physical fight. He seemed to be a show off and thought my size would be easy for him to take down. I managed to use combative art training and methods to physically keep him off of me, despite him using similar abilities. The fight was interrupted by someone yelling a cheater remark and I shot in the back ending it.”
He paused to feel the whacking stop which he continued “I sensed from the mental fight he was flaring some weird look while using something like a wall and a stick aimed at me, despite me mentally blocking them, with my mental abilities. Also he tried to use some noise ability onto me which I blocked. This Builder named Barry claims that Mindbender used some new trick onto me that cancelled his weirdness look I’m not sure what it is actually. It wasn’t explained but I managed to use some earth moving power abilities onto Mindbender who got me to stop by yelling verbal words. The fight was halted by Barry appearing in a light show getting the both of us to drop our mental abilities and transported us to the High Council. The group noticed that my earth powers made the area look different with Mindbender having some dirtiness look with saying that they saw the fight from some recording device.”
He clamped his mouth shut as the Queen spoke “Interesting, Underworld ruler.”
He saw the Queen jerk her head in some head bob towards him and found a clawed hand touching him on the forehead giving off zapping feelings of electricity as memories spilled into his mind as himself named Assassin Lord which he groaned loudly while shutting his eyes. 
He felt the clawed hand remove itself followed by a male voice of the Keo he figured who they are speaking “Talk Underworld ruler on how the Assassin Lord was taken down while you had the title.” 
Jinks felt the familiar whacking sensation opened his eyes and felt himself annoyed spoke with it in his voice tone “You don’t have to hit me, so stop it now.” 
He felt the whacking stop as he added “Argh, the Meritanians had me transported to an observation room with Mindbender there that proceeded to use some mental abilities to get me thrown backwards and pinned to the wall unable to move, as he took down mentally three Keos attacking him with physical moves. Then I got mind scanned by Mindbender with the help of the Meritanians that the plants admitted that my mind isn’t easily scanned by the High Council or whoever. I then got transported to the High Council which Mindbender was overheard verbalizing that the mask I was wearing retains memories of previous Assassin Lords and transmits them to the current title holder. Then transported to the brig where this loud mouth servant of theirs named Anubis stripped me of the mask and I heard it torn into pieces after he yanked it off of me. That’s all I know of Queenship.”
He folded his arms Keo styled and heard from the male Keo standing next to him “anything else’s, Queenship or this Underworld ruler’s visit is done?’
He eyed her as she spoke “Nothing much now. So Ramses transport this Underworld ruler back to where he came from.” 
He found the scene changed by day vision blaring in his eyesight along with arms yanked to the sides by familiar hands and a gloved hand placed over his mouth and he mentally kept his mind blank sensing himself in the High Council’s throne room. 
He saw Barry in his line of sight eyeing the High Council that spoke “The Freeloaders referred Jinks by the words of ‘Underworld ruler.’ 
It suggests that they know of a certain somebody who must not be named in your presence.” 
Jinks heard from Lance abruptly “Actually they’ve been aware of me since the Meritanians blabbed about me, soon after you were discovered able to father offspring through Highlander females. The Freeloaders like the High Council and Highlanders can hear the Meritanians anywhere on the High Council’s home base.” 
Jinks refrained from commenting a remark as Barry he eyed looked at him with a golden eyed glare and heard the Builder speaking foreign language in some compelling voice tone. Jinks felt the hand holds off of him along with compelled to walk towards the male who grabbed his neck in an ironclad hold with his left hand gagging him.
Jinks frowned as Barry continued the chatter in compelling voice tone found he speaking in Basic “He told me that the Freeloaders can hear the Meritanians anywhere on the High Council’s home base like certain people here can do.” 
He felt Barry’s hold become more firm spoke out after the Builder spoke his familiar language in compelling voice tone “Their aware of him from the Meritanians blabbing about him, they were overheard mentioning me fathering offspring through Highlander females.”
Jinks halt his talk as he heard from Shad and Onya in unison “Ramses dump Horus over the ocean now!” 
He heard from Barry speaking foreign language in a compelling voice tone followed by Ramses speaking “Sorry commanded not to do that.” 
Jinks frowned as Barry he saw flared golden eyes and turned his head towards the High Council which he heard the speakers’ familiar complaint words regarding the Builder’s golden eyed look. 
He kept his mouth shut as Barry let go of him while speaking in basic “You said something about dumping my favored offspring over the ocean something you said you wouldn’t do as oath to me.”  
Jinks felt himself restrained again eyed the High Council to see the speakers bow their heads followed by hearing Barry again speaking “Don’t do that to me whenever I confront you on harming my offspring. So stop it now!” 
He narrowed his eyes keeping his mind blank to see the speakers remained having heads bowed and saw that the High Council behind were motionless as he shifted to look at Barry who spoke in foreign language sounding like using the voice till the chatter stopped. 
He heard from Ramses “Ah you’ll find two High Council members on an ice berg freezing their seats off and sorry can’t transport them back to home due to commanded not to.” 
Jinks frowned as Barry he eyed bowed his head abruptly and gave off foreign language but sounded like he wasn’t using the compelling voice tone. He frowned as the compelling voice tone was heard followed by the hand holds off of him and he found himself back in the penthouse facing McCork who did a double take look seeing him. 
Jinks folded his arms and formed a glare as McCork spoke “Good your back, Master Jinks. Two some ones both disguised by mind scans easily obtained has arrived here demanding things which tells us it’s a scam.”
He continued to glare at McCork who kept talking “The some ones in question are disguised as you by facial appearance, one dressed as a deity lord who I do not want to name and another as a vessel of that deity but not with the proper hair length. Both from mind scans seemed to have the special abilities of you but it’s only limited to eye change and nothing else as well.” 
Jinks gave up a disgusted sound as the butler continued “The people in question are detained in one of the meeting rooms. They’ll be brought to your location in another meeting room for a confrontation, as soon as that can be arranged, sir.” 
He spoke “Fine, I’m going to a meeting room and will wait for them to arrive to there and confront them of this scam, you call it.” 
He heard from McCork “Just hit the elevator, sir.” 
He obeyed and got inside seeing two guards in there and saw one press a numbered button on the console as he recalled fully that McCork never said Master Jinks and only said Sir. Jinks wound up with recalling that the Highlander was emphasizing the words Master Jinks in some tone that suggested something else was going on. 
He heard from Lance abruptly through the elevator ride “Humph! The High Council is up to something. The Meritanians, were overheard speaking their orders of recorders aimed at a room your to be there, with transporting you once they give the word.”
Jinks mentally spoke “Sounds like a trap to get you into control and me out of the way.”
He heard from Lance as the elevator stopped moving “Figures.”
Jinks heard nothing more from Lance as he followed the guards out into a familiar hallway that led the way to door number four and saw one knock on the door three times before opening it and stepping back. He went inside sensing himself filmed along with a familiar sense blaring he recalled alerted him of Ajax’s presence stood in the room looking around seeing curtains had indentations of people behind them all around the circular room except for the doorway. He walked to the table to sit farthest from the doors and leaned back with arms folded and feet onto the table legs crossed. He eyed the doors to seeing them open and waited as two figures both males as described by McCork arrived into the room with doors shutting behind them heard. 
Jinks studied the males with interests seeing their eyes were all black as one dressed as Lance spoke sounding like Master in control in a voice tone that told him was Highlander related “Ah, another vessel of me interesting.” 
He kept his mouth shut in response felt the Master blown through him abruptly followed by floating above his body to see it shift into Lance then saw the scene go black as he found himself back into his body to find himself back into the High Council’s throne room restrained. 
He heard Lance snarling in his mind “The High Council pulled this stunt so Anubis hidden in the room could steal my crown and dump it onto the Hyperon with orders to guard it zealously. They dumped me onto the Hyperon which gave me too much trouble trying to get my crown back. They interrupted the attempts by transporting me back to the High Council’s meeting room and forcing you in control by them mind scanning.” 
He heard nothing more from Lance as he felt his mind scanned as usual and glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “One problem solved and handled now Meritanians send the message to servants to proceed in dismantling this group dubbed Master Organization at once immediately.” 
He heard from Ramses “Sorry High Council I can’t give that order. Someone not the one you hate me mentioning anticipated you giving such an order to dissolve the Master Organization put measures in place to prevent that from happening. Plus sorry High Council but the stunt you played on Horus activated the measures and their active at the moment. Also you should have done something about making your servants more knowledgeable of this deity and his vessel and how their known to treat people that both servants posing were assassinated soon after Horus was transported out. Also that assassination order was done by a Freeloader detected hanging around. The Freeloaders managed from mind scans of First Ones seeing them in vicinity to get onto the mainland. I suspects the Freeloaders are currently using the Master Organization to do spiteful things to you and might be the ones responsible for that trash you campaign done around the mainland for awhile.” 
Jinks heard from Lance abruptly as Ramses became silent with the head scanned stopped “Argh! Should have figured out what was really going on. There’s actually twin Builders dubbed Barry which one is hidden some where while the other is serving the High Council. One of them is original to Shadan as in born here and is the one, who is said, to be Amen Ra, while the other from memory, serves me, came from a High Council warship that came here, during some attempt to bomb Shadan by multiple warships. The group told them off not to do it. That bombing attempt was during your time, while sharing the King position, with another First One.” 
He stiffened recalling what Lance was talking about regarding the King position fully in his mind as his mind was scanned again which he refrained from thinking of a comment. He heard from Shad as he focused on the High Council sounding annoyed “Barry, how many times must we remind you to be present whenever Horus is present?!”
He heard Ramses repeat the words saying “High Council says how many times must we remind you to be present whenever Horus is present?”
A light show was flashed in front of him showing Barry that flared golden eyes looking in his direction and stopped the eye flaring to look away towards the High Council. 
Jinks frowned inwardly as Onya spoke “Spill it Barry, the Freeloaders have a Builder serving them hence Ramses mentioning them on the mainland. We know you ordered the Meritanians not to transport the species to mainland or anywhere else period. Also we know that the Freeloaders don’t have the technology to get to the mainland without us being aware of it.” 
He shifted to eye Barry who spoke “Your assumption is correct. I thought the same thing and went to check on something which was confirmed. The Freeloaders have an awaken Builder that was in some sleep status by you, hidden by tech that I can’t even manipulate, his hidden status preventing that from happening. I also believe it explains why the Freeloaders put up a fight in the sleeper room reserved for Builders sleeping as ordered by you while using some Banshee forms to kick me out, I figured out what was really going on. They have a Builder in their hands, High Council, but who that Builder is remains to be determined.” 
Jinks narrowed his eyes aimed at Barry who spoke in foreign language in a compelling voice tone which he found himself gagged by the Builder along with freed from hand holds of Anubis and Falcons. 
He glared at Barry who resumed his chatter which he found himself speaking “He thinks it’s a Builder twin to your appearance who the Freeloaders have in their hands that was in some sleep status and woken up along with hidden by tech. He also says that he doesn’t know which one is the original to Shadan while the other that arrived via High Council warship, during some bombing attempt, on the planet by multiple warships. The group told them off, during the time I once held the King position, shared with another First One.” 
He clamped his mouth shut feeling his mind stopped scanned and heard from Barry resuming chatter using voice tone along with stopping then Lance’s voice blaring in his mind “Oh give me a break as the First Ones say. Who else but you would be capable of manipulating things via voice talent? Besides I haven’t known a Builder who’s shown to be more manipulative than you, when it comes to voice talents including not fooled by the stunts the Meritanians play onto Builders, whenever they are manipulated via voice orders. Who else do you think is capable of playing the Meritanians without getting retaliated back by them annoyed by the manipulating done?”
Jinks heard nothing more from Lance as Barry spoke using the voice in foreign language and found he echoing his elemental father’s words word for word then clamped his mouth shut once done.
He heard from Shad “That’s enough Barry, so release Horus, now we’ve learned enough to figure out some things around here.” 
He felt himself still gagged by Barry who spoke in basic “Excuse me one more thing, I want to know from my son.” 
He heard from Barry who again spoke in foreign language using the voice and found himself speaking “He can’t take control without the crown making it permanent with me taking his trapped status place. He can take control only if he has the crown which will make it temporary along with me resuming control of the body form.” 
Jinks clamped his mouth shut as he heard from Shad “Thank you for confirming what was already known, Barry, so release Horus into the hands of our guards now.” 
He felt himself freed from Barry’s hand only to feel the familiar hand holds of Anubis and Falcons along with mind scanned which he refrained from thinking a remark. 
Jinks heard from Onya “Spill it! Horus on what your take on this situation is now!” 
He kept his mind blank in response only to hear from Barry speaking foreign language using the voice and found himself mentally speaking some familiar First One quote about “If you can’t say anything nice then don’t speak anything at all.” 
Jinks glared the High Council as both speakers spoke in unison “Dump Horus into a volcano now!”
He heard Barry speaking in a rapid fire talk using voice talent as hand holds were off him along with resumed holding him followed by the Builder snarling loudly in an angry voice tone “This is not part of the deal I made with you High Council to serve you willingly! You oath to me that you wouldn’t harm a certain offspring, I named as part of the deal to serve you willingly and don’t you dare take back your word now!”
He frowned as Shad spoke sounding sarcasm “Interesting Barry or should I say Amen Ra hmm?”
He shifted to look at Barry and heard nothing from the Builder in response as he heard from Onya speaking “Admit it, Builder that only Amen Ra would favor his own offspring, enough to do what it takes to keep him alive. His twin wouldn’t share that view anyway so admit it what we suspected now.”
He eyed Barry with a frown to hear from Ramses abruptly sounding in his mind “Oops High Council forgot to mention that the Builder the Freeloaders have in their hands is a Barry from mind scans of them just prior to them dumped into a volcano on your orders. Problem is I’m not sure which Barry it is or if that Builder is really one person playing two sides at once.” 
He mentally spoke recalling himself as Assassin Lord while hearing Ramses speaking his words saying Horus says “Actually High Council the Freeloaders have managed to figure out some credible threat against you to get a Barry to serve them willingly like you have done to this Barry here.” 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Spill it Builder what credible threat that the Freeloaders have you playing both sides? 
That’s the memory files say ‘The Meritanians were able to fool a twin of Barry’s into doing something annoying against the High Council.’
I believe you should know what it is, us telling you about it after this twin were put down, asleep.” 
Jinks mentally spoke hearing Ramses repeat his words “You sure that twin didn’t purposely allow the Meritanians to play that joke along with using it as an excuse to put a Barry down in some sleep status?”
He heard from Shad “Nice question Horus, but it was already thought of when the Meritanians first played a joke you call it which that twin from mind scans was revealed to be easily fooled and put down asleep in response.” 
He mentally spoke “You want to tell me how you managed to easily scan Barry’s mind with all that pictorial junk in it and without the Meritanians’ interference? That’s something I find impossible for you to do anyway.” 
He narrowed his eyes in a glare aimed at the High Council as the speakers he saw bowed their heads followed by the group waggling their heads and waving their hands in gestures that didn’t make any sense to him seemingly lengthy. He shifted to stare at Barry looking in his direction with a look in the Builder’s eyes that made him stiffen recognizing it from Lance from time to time who the Builder looked away as he mentally kept his mind blank and forced himself to not think of anything. 
He looked to glare at the High Council to see the speakers raise their heads followed by Shad speaking “Spill it, Builder on who you are now, or we’ll have the gate cut Horus in pieces which we know will happen period so talk.” 
He shifted towards Barry who spoke “Don’t use that threat against me High Council or you’ll have lost your chance of defeating the Meritanians whenever they pull some joke stunt onto you, wrecking things up around here which you know, I’m not fooled easily by the plants playing their jokes.” 
He eyed Barry as he heard from Shad “Anubis depose of Horus now.” 
He felt himself still in the High Council’s throne room as Anubis’s loud whisper was heard “Don’t bother High Council with the threat against Horus. It’s Amen Ra who’s posing as Barry anyway. I wasn’t fooled that Amen Ra always regardless of body form has some familiar facial expression I recognized whenever he’s in my presence. That’s from memory of him giving me that over and over just prior to the twin’s arrival via warship. I didn’t see that expression from the twin when he laid eyes on me but I always seen it from Amen Ra.”
He heard from Shad in response “Depose of Horus now.” 
He felt himself still in the High Council’s throne room and heard from Anubis “Sorry, High Council, but I made an oath to Amen Ra about his offspring while on Humania after he woke up from being declared dead and me telling him to keep his declared dead status among his people intact and exile himself from the city he considered his home.” 
His senses blared telling him Anubis lied refrained from thinking of it as he shifted to eye the High Council to hear from Onya “Anybus cut it with the defending Amen Ra talk and be silent now. Barry, what you have to say about this to your defense hmm?”
He shifted to look at Barry who he heard speaking in Basic “Alright I admit it, High Council that Anubis isn’t kidding on what he said. Unfortunately the only thing making me different from my twin is that I’m not easily fooled by the Meritanians regardless of what joke the plants play onto you and who else. And don’t expect an explanation of how I’m not fooled by the Meritanians that the plants threatened to retaliate against people, I care about if I go around telling people how I wasn’t fooled, so don’t you dare ask me that question.” 
He heard from Shad “Spill it what credible threat Horus was talking about to get you to play both sides in this conflict?”
He eyed Barry who turned sideways and jerked his head towards his direction spoke “Figure it out, High Council. I’m not saying it.” 
Jinks stared at Barry who stared at him back with some familiar look in his eyes before resuming looking at the High Council keeping his form sideways facing him. 
He eyed the High Council as Shad spoke sounding annoyed “You expect us to believe that the Freeloaders would use the same stunt, we’re doing to you to get you to serve us and them?”
Jinks recalled suddenly something regarding the Assassin Lord mentally spoke hearing Ramses echoing his words “Actually this sounds like a case of desperation to me involving fighting a conflict that the desperate would do anything to win some battle with whoever their fighting.” 
He mentally made his mind blank cutting off his talk as he heard both speakers speaking an Argh comment followed by Barry speaking “Jinks isn’t kidding on what he’s saying. One side in this conflict has been observed to become desperate to do anything to get their way in battles that they’ll do what it takes to win the war period. Don’t expect me to say which side is the desperate one. As you recall, I said I confronted one side in this conflicted war on the desperation and they firmly denied it along with threats to retaliate by targeting Jinks if I brought up the subject again.”
He frowned as Barry spoke in foreign language using the voice talent and he found himself freed and not in the High Council’s throne room but in his Penthouse quarters to see McCork darting towards him from down the hallway. 
He folded his arms with annoyance running through him as McCork arrived huffing for breath and spoke in a gasping tone “Sir…some…thing…I…can…do…for…you?”
He spoke recalling McCork telling him about time zones “What time is it anyway?”
He eyed the butler who appeared to gain his breath and spoke “Its time for bed which is what you should be doing. Oh Yeliza has gone on advice on someone unidentified and is sleeping in the guest room. I got this from her verbalizing it to me along with told off when I tried to mind scan her. She seems to have detected me scanning her from the telling off which she knows is some kind of sense alerting her of it.” 
Jinks spoke “Fine, I’ll go to bed and get some sleep so dismissed, butler.” 
He felt annoyance as McCork spoke blaring in his mind “Actually the High Council has ordered you to mate with a female of their choosing and expects her to be carrying once the deed is done.” 
He glared at McCork as he mentally spoke “Oh really and what did they say if I refused despite feeling like mating?”
He heard from the butler still mentally “They said they would fix the damage caused by two scam artists posing as some deity and vessel and refused to elaborate on how their doing it.” 
He narrowed his eyes and mentally spoke “What damage are you talking about?”
He got from McCork speaking loudly verbalizing his words as his mind scanned was stopped “Master Jinks, I request you to go to bed that you need your rest now. I’ll call for the guards if you balk.” 
He saw the butler stand sideways pointing a finger in the direction of his bedroom which he willed the Master through and saw the Highlander gulp but resume stance. He unfolded his arms and walked away going into his bedroom and slammed both doors shut. Jinks saw with night vision flaring in his eyesight a female lying in bed awake that appeared to look like a hybrid of First Ones and Highlanders by her facial expression and ears seen styled like Ajax. He felt the urge to mate hitting him snarled some growling sound and turned around to face the doors reaching a hand towards the doorknob to grip it.
He heard from Lance “Jinks, just mate with her anyway.” 
He released the doorknob to put a hand on his forehead recalling fully of why he balked mating with females over the years he raised Victoria and how she came to exist along with how he felt towards mating fully within his mind. 
He mentally spoke “Sorry, father, but that’s one thing I’m not doing period.” 
He lowered his hand and grabbed the doorknob only to hear from Lance “Jinks, stop it now! Get over your feelings towards mating with females and just do it!”
He mentally spoke “Shut up, father, and don’t talk to me about this subject again.” 
He swung open the door with a bang sound in response to hear from Lance “Tell me do you know how that female feels after mating with you?”
He growled an annoyed sound recalling helping a female getting over from being raped and figured that the female who produced Victoria would feel the same. He walked out of the bedroom storming into the gym room finding doors open which inside he found a familiar female standing there with arms folded while wearing some tank top dress clinging to her form and a glare on her face he recognized her as the one from the bedroom. Jinks snarled a growling sound loudly as the female unfolded her arms and slow walked up to him putting a hand on his chest right over his beating heart. He continued the growling noises as the female ran hands over his chest covered by the long sleeve top and sensed that she was feeling him by the pressure felt. He didn’t protest as she pulled up his top from the pants and unbuttoned it yanking it off of him baring himself from the waist up. He kept up his noises forcing himself to submit as the female ran her hands over his bared body and didn’t flinched as her hand closed around his sensitive part making him feel more itching to mate from the touch. He kept his hands to himself as the female yanked his pants off of him along with getting him to take off his shoes and socks till he stood clad only in his underwear shorts while staring at her looking him up and down with some look in her eyes that suggested approval to him. 
Jinks halted his noises by Lance blaring in his mind telling him “You’re to shut up with the noises!” 
He kept his mouth shut in a thin line and eyes narrowed as the female yanked off his underwear’s shorts and got him out of them tossing them aside leaving him standing there naked. Jinks stared at the female who ran her hands all over him not sparing his sensitive part and then were forced to kneel by her hands on his shoulders pushing him into position. He forced himself to eye her as she slipped the dress off her form showing a First One like body to him and didn’t protest as she straddled him hands on his shoulders while feeling his mind scanned. He rolled his eyes as he felt himself entering her and shut them as she rocked him while feeling himself getting charges of pleasure each time he entered her. He gasped out a moan as he spilled himself inside the female heard her give off a loud gasp sound from that. Jinks felt himself still hard jerked open his eyes and thrust them both onto the floor in a fast speed move him on top pining the female who didn’t comment a protest. He adjusted his position to eye her in the eyes to notice she was aware of his back to back mating status by the eyes’ look having it and her hands still on his shoulders in some gentle hold. He didn’t say anything gripped her by the hips and did some ramming mating while keeping her still as he felt his mind continued to be scanned by her he assumed. He jerked out a gasp as he spilled himself inside the female and heard her echo the same sound while she shutting her eyes. He brought his hands to her breasts feeling them all over as he stared at her in the face she keeping her eyes shut while sensing she was scanning his mind from the touch which he ignored to resume the touching and then kissed her on the lips. 
He heard from the female mentally and not from Lance as expected “Alright, you can stop this mating ritual now. The High Council should be satisfied with this anyway just to get them off my back on mating with you. Humph!” 
He heard nothing more from the female as he kept up the kissing and heard nothing from Lance which he broke off the kiss and pulled out of her to lay on his back staring at the ceiling. Jinks felt the padded floor become metal along with gloved hands grabbing him and forcing him to stand and a gloved hand covering his mouth along with mind scanned. 
Jinks heard from Barry as he saw the Builder in the room “Why couldn’t you just let Jinks get some coverage first before transporting him like that? I don’t find it appropriate.” 
He glared at the High Council in response as Shad spoke “Anyway Horus what do you have to say about the mating hmm? Warn you we have it on recorders and that that we have a witness to the scene so talk honestly now.”
He felt Anubis’s hand off his mouth and blurt “I enjoyed it.” 
Jinks felt Anubis’s hand on his mouth again as felt shocked with his worded admission to the High Council. 
He mentally spoke “Argh had to say that didn’t I?”
Jinks heard Ramses echo his words which he forced his mind to be blank in response as Shad spoke “Oh really enjoyed the ritual didn’t you Horus? I’m surprised that you would say that since it was known that you made a big fuss to avoid doing that ritual including saying that it was something you hated so talk on that fussy behavior now.” 
He glared at the High Council in response to hear from Barry “Jinks please admit it your behavior now.” 
He shifted to glare at Barry who had a familiar glaring stare on the Builder’s face as he mentally spoke hearing Ramses echo his words “Fine, I raped a female First One as in using my vessel of deity status to get her a believer to submit to my mating demands which produced my female offspring, Victoria. I wound up punished in response by the female’s male mate who insisted that I raise Victoria and take responsibility for her, with no help from the female or him, or contacted with reports, on how my daughter was doing or asking them for help in raising her.”
He made his mind blank in response as Onya he heard spoke “Admit it Horus on your actual feelings on being dumped with this offspring now.” 
He heard an edge in her voice tone snarled mentally while hearing Ramses speaking his words “You have Victoria in your possession High Council! Don’t you dare deny that accusation?!” 
He narrowed his eyes eyeing Barry whose eyes became narrowed flaring them golden as he heard from Shad “Victoria in our possession? What makes you think we have her in our hands, Horus? So talk on that now.” 
He heard the familiar edge in Shad’s voice tone similar to Onya’s voice tone mentally spoke “Don’t play that innocent act, High Council. Your words are hinting of this possession stunt so don’t deny it.” 
He continued to glare at Barry seeing the Builder’s look remained the same as Ramses was heard speaking “High Council, you might want to do something about the way your speakers spoke their words. Horus heard something in their voice tone that told him that you have this Victoria in your possession.” 
He heard from the High Council’s speakers “Argh can’t fool you can we? Very well transport this Victoria to us now and make sure that the servants have her restrained in case she tries anything inappropriate.” 
He saw a light show off Barry and looked to see his daughter Victoria with handcuffs on and mouth taped while restrained by two masked Highlanders one having a syringe needle sticking into her neck which her eyes he saw didn’t widen seeing him. 
He eyed Victoria as Shad spoke “Admit it Horus on your actual feelings of being saddled with raising Victoria now.” 
He stiffened as he recalled himself screaming at a female servant Jacqueline in some shouting match arguing about “No! I’m not to tell Victoria about her mother! I’m not telling her how she came to exist and my actual reason to raising her!” 
Jinks recalled fully that he yelled “Victoria gave me a purpose to live on after the death of my wife Katherine letting grief taking control of me! I wasn’t doing anything about moving on from the death enough to take care of myself or taking care of people depending on me to lead them!” 
He continued to stiffen as he recalled fully his exact words of the argument as Shad repeated his words in some annoyed tone “What do you have to say about raising Victoria, Horus?” 
Jinks eyed Victoria to see her eyes narrow with some look in them that looked familiar as he recalled his exact words to Jacqueline about his feelings to raising his daughter and stiffened realizing what she was indicating by the expression in her eyes. He recalled fully that he had used the Master in control to choke Jacqueline halting the argument. Victoria age nine arrived from the hallway with a look in her eyes and facial expression and in some edge in her voice tone spoke “I’m asking Daddy why the servant was looking like she’s choking?” 
Jinks cut off the choking and ignored her going to the gym room to practice Karate seemingly lengthy while sensing his daughter watching him from the doorway. 
He mentally spoke realizing what Victoria was hinting by the eyes’ expression “Why should I bother telling you that anyway? It’s none of your business, High Council, so drop it now.” 
He shifted his eyes to glare at the High Council as Shad spoke sounding of an edge in his voice tone “Admit it Horus, that you didn’t want to be saddled with raising offspring alone even a female regardless of what people insisted that to you.” 
He mentally spoke “Where did you come up with that conclusion, High Council? It appears that you don’t know me as well as you know me regarding offspring.” 
He heard his words repeated by Ramses eyed Victoria to see the familiar expression in her eyes to notice a Highlander had face aimed at her and figured that he was transmitting the plant’s talk. 
He shifted to glare at the High Council as Ramses spoke sounding in his mind “High Council from mind scans of this Victoria, she overheard her sir, arguing with a female servant about the actual reason why he was raising her and his feelings towards her in question. Sorry High Council that stunt of Horus alienating his offspring isn’t going to work due to that argument is fully in her mind and she also has some ability to tell when people are honest with their words which her sense alerted her of her sir’s admission is the truth. By the way I would quit that stunt due to that Victoria’s mind is made up at the moment due to mind scans indicating that she’s not going for your stunt your pulling based on that memory of that argument she overheard fully in her mind.”
He heard “Argh!”
Jinks frowned hearing that from both speakers as he glared at the High Council followed by Shad speaking “Fine transport this Victoria to the brig and have her contained now.” 
He looked to see Victoria and servants disappear in flashes of light which he looked towards Barry as if drawn to see he had a golden eyed glare in his direction and stiffened sensing that look was indicating something else. 
He eyed the High Council as Onya spoke “Ramses make Horus clean up his appearance and clothe himself after you transport him to his home and transport him back once this is done.” 
He felt the hand holds gone to find himself in his bedroom which he eyed the bathroom doorway and felt compelled to go into it which he obeyed. 
Once inside Jinks heard from Lance “The High Council tried a similar stunt onto Barry with one of his own female offspring but he quickly figured out what they were pulling and put a stop to it. Unfortunately the High Council won’t stop pulling this joke onto people who have female offspring, just to destroy family relationships, with getting the female regardless of her abilities to serve them, assassinating their own fathers. They quickly figure out that it’s a stunt once their fathers suffer some medical condition by their hands. The High Council in response has put the females down, once they figure out the stunt and that includes assassinating the female in question by forcing the father to kill her off which is what the group was trying to do with you.” 
He didn’t comment a response went into the shower stall and showered thoroughly and then came out to dry himself to find Victoria in the bathroom with arms folded a glare on her face with the Master in control by her all black eyes seen. 
He wrapped the towel around his middle covering his sensitive part and spoke “Spill it on what you wanted to know, Victoria. Your ability to detect me being honest will tell you whether I’m telling the truth or not.” 
He glared at Victoria who spoke “Don’t tell me you found me a burden to be raised hence I dumped onto you by my mother’s mate who had some beliefs involving that.” 
He heard a familiar edge in her voice tone that alerted him that she was a Highlander in disguise as he spoke “Burden Victoria? What are you talking about?”
He added “Damn the High Council!” to notice a grimace form on the female’s face to sense his hunch on whom she really was, was correct. 
He glared at her and felt paralysis hitting him abruptly that made him collapsed onto the floor. Jinks lay on his back and saw her come into view eyeing him with brown eyes having a familiar look in them along with her mouth in some smirk. He stiffened as he realized that the High Council never had Victoria but some Highlander female posing as her just to trick him in some trap as the scene changed to find himself lying in the High Council’s throne room and paralysis gone. He felt familiar hand holds onto him and lifted into a standing position to find the female posing as Victoria there sideways facing him who yanked off an object from her chest giving off a beep sound. He frowned seeing it looked like a voice recorder followed by the entire conversation he had with her heard along with him saying some insulting comment towards the High Council. 
Jinks glared at the High Council noticing Barry nearby not looking at him as Shad spoke “You insulted us, Horus. The penalty is death like we say, to anyone else insulting us. Unfortunately you have proven to be too valuable to be assassinated so we will target your family such as your female offspring Victoria for that. Ramses dump Victoria into an eater mountain now.” 
He shifted to see the fake Victoria disappear in a flash of light and heard Barry speaking “That was actually a servant of yours posing as this Victoria that Ramses dumped into the eater mountain, High Council.”
He stiffened hearing Barry’s words as Shad spoke “Then do that to the real Victoria now.” 
He mentally yelled while hearing Ramses speaking his words “No! Don’t you do this! Keep her out of this conflict with you now!”
He cut off his talking mentally to hear from Onya “And what price will you pay for her to live, Horus hmm?”
He felt Anubis’s hand off his mouth as he blurted “I will serve you willingly.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as Anubis’s hand resumed covering it and sensed his mind not scanned to mentally snarl to himself “Drat the High Council for doing this to me.” 
He heard nothing from Lance but from Shad who spoke “Ramses transport Horus to observation room number three to acquire the proper clothing and have him transported back to be debriefed on what we have planned for him now.” 
Jinks felt the hand holds off of him to find himself in a familiar round room with black ceiling alone. Jinks went to the bed to sit throwing aside the towel aimed at a wall and eyed the door opened showing a female Highlander wearing some uniform carrying items of clothing and shoed boots in her hands. He eyed her as she went up to him and thrust the items towards him got up and put them on seeing that they were masked Highlander servant wear including underwear and socks and boots. Jinks put on his form along with given a head covered mask that covered his head entirely and from the feel seemed to be shaped like a barrel. He was given gloves which he put on then folded his arms staring at the female to find himself back into the High Council’s throne room with Barry there. He found that he wasn’t restrained this time by Anubis and guards instead left alone to stand as he eyed the High Council. He saw a picture image of a Human male with white hair wearing a suit appear from some projection monitor in front of the steps. 
Jinks eyed the image with disgust running through him as Shad spoke “This is your target to assassinate. You will kill him by making his beater organ stop. Ramses will transport you to the target’s location, for the assassination job and transport you out once it apparent you have done it.” 
He didn’t comment a response willed the Master through to find himself out of the High Council’s throne room to find he, in a hallway with night vision blaring in his eyesight to see his vision flash back and forth as he saw figures ahead of him shining flashlights appearing to not notice him. 
He held up a hand and spoke mentally “I mentally ordered the flashlights to go out.” and saw his order obeyed by them Humans wearing some police uniform standing next to his targeted male complain “Flashlights out now! Nothing we can do involving this but hope the lights turn back on!” 
Jinks slowly edged himself closer to them while sliding his feet not making any sounds as one of the men spoke “Great, we have to do this blindly despite some ghostly light seen flashing in this hallway said to be haunted.”
He eyed the targeted male who spoke “Oh, please this haunted business is nothing but a joke to keep people out of this hallway anyway.” 
He edged closer and closer eyeing the Humans to notice that they all appeared to be blind in the dark by their unfocused eyes as he reached the targeted male to stop. He waved a hand mentally ordering the targeted male’s heart organ to stop beating and watched as the Human gave up a loud gasp and collapsed onto the floor while hearing exclamations of shock from the others.
Jinks wound up hearing “Ugh, the hallway is really haunted and the ghost killed him off!” 
He eyed them to see them all bent down towards the targeted male as day vision flared in his eyesight. 
He found himself back into the High Council’s throne room to hear from Shad “Ramses, transport Horus, assassin who we now dub Heartbreaker for him to get nourishment and some sleep while we monitor the situation of this assassination.” 
He found himself in a familiar bedroom to hear from a Listener sounding annoyed “This is Listener nesting room, get out.” 
He obeyed walking out removing his head cover mask entering a hallway to find a Listener there that darted away going into the barroom. Jinks followed and found Barry inside seated on a stool appearing to be waiting for him by facing the doorway. 
He ignored Barry instead went to sit on a stool and spoke to the Listener bartender “Something to drink and make it non alcoholic and make it snappy now.” 
Jinks tossed the mask onto the bar and clasped his hands together elbows on the bar while thrusting his forehead onto his hands and willed himself to calm despite feeling anger arriving. 
He felt a hand on his shoulder looked up to see the hand’s owner was Barry who spoke “Jinks, talk to me. Say something about how you’re feeling at the moment.” 
He snarled out feeling himself angry “Get your hand off of me, Barry and don’t talk to me about how I’m feeling. Just leave me to my thoughts now.” 
He looked away feeling Barry’s hand off his shoulder and saw the bartender had a gold cup in hand pointed at him. Jinks took and forced he to sip the drink he discovered from the taste was milk with something in it to make him think it was related to getting additional nourishment. He sipped the drink sensing Barry staring at him from glancing at the Builder out of the corners of his eyes and continued to ignore him till once done placed the cup down onto the bar. 
He heard from Barry “Jinks, your staying with me in my quarters but separate beds, period.” 
He got up and spoke while eyeing Barry “Just lead me to the quarters since I’m not sure which one is yours. I need to sleep anyway.” 
He glared at Barry who without a word got up and led him out of the barroom to the hallway to a door in the wall near the end of the hallway and walked inside with him following to find two beds inside, one was a mattress on the floor. Jinks heard Barry speaking foreign language in a compelling voice tone as the door shut and found the Builder had a hand on his throat while flaring golden eyes aimed at him making him stop being angry but nervous. Jinks stiffened as Barry’s face formed the familiar glaring stare despite eyes golden along with feeling the Builder’s hand on his neck remained ironclad but not fully gagging him. He gulped and spoke the entire contents of the assassination along with the scenario surrounding it and other Humans around and wasn’t aware that he could stop beater organs by mental power abilities despite it done to a Human. 
He stopped talking to hear from Lance abruptly “I surprised with your words, Jinks considering the High Council had you do that stunt before to another First One. I’m surprised that you don’t remember the assassination.” 
He heard nothing more but from Barry speaking his familiar language into a compelling voice tone and found himself relaying what Lance said to him which once done clamped his mouth shut. He again heard Barry’s familiar chatter and voice tone felt the hand on his neck tighten gagging him. Jinks shut his eyes jerking his head up opening his mouth giving off gagging sounds as he recalled fully in his mind a memory of being in the High Council’s throne room.
The High Council speaking “We’re ordering you to assassinate a male.” and showed a picture scene of him. 
Jinks recalled fully that the Human was Guard Kensington father of Katherine. 
He continued to remember being told “We will threaten” by the High Council “to target Humans by our weapons aimed at the mainland. We told you were to do the assassination or else we’ll fire our weapons.” 
He recalled fully thinking “The High Council’s weapon talk was the truth to my disgust.” and got transported to a hallway of a house he recognized.
The house belonging to the Kensington family for recovering from medical issues which he recalled finding himself standing in front of an open door that wasn’t open very well. 
He in memory gently opened the door and walked inside into a bedroom to find Guard Kensington lying in bed with eyes open and having night vision seeing the male appeared to see him who spoke “You won’t remember this once you leave.”  
Jinks stiffened recalling Guard spoke his words in some compelling voice tone as the male continued talking “I’m a descendant of a woman named Jacinda who wound up married to Lance Richard reportedly some time after he arrived to the village. Lance made a fool of himself getting drunk repeatedly at the local tavern. The village natives were already aware that Jacinda had some obsession of mating with males to get expectant and dumping them once she was obviously carrying. They aware she was dumping the offspring onto couples who had problems conceiving offspring. The natives manipulated Lance Richard through talk, including Builder voice orders, to take Jacinda as his wife and do what it takes to keep her as his, along with making sure she only bore his offspring. She was assured threatening to not to boring other males’ and raising the offspring herself with him helping without any dumping them onto someone else. A pity that Jacinda despite having some Builder abilities passed down to me and my daughter, couldn’t get rid of Lance Richard, no matter how she tried or even getting some other females to ensnare him into traps of mating and marriage. Lance Richard from what I know of seemed to avoid those female traps of hers and kept himself ensnared to Jacinda despite her attempts to get rid of him. She succeeded in doing that at old age once you were found in some forest belonging to a King and turned out to be offspring of Lance Richard. You were later killed off by the High Council but not your ghost spirit that went around haunting people and doing rather nasty things to them. I’m not sure what happened, but Lance Richard from what I heard, disappeared a month before the great flood arrived. He wasn’t seen again till after the USA arrived at Shadan. A predecessor managed to get there after being transported by the Meritanians and found out about you but kept an eye on you and your movements. This information was passed down by family members with passing down the Kensington name, regardless of the descendant being a female or not. The name was legal once the descendant was a legal adult.”
Jinks continued to remember he didn’t say a word as Guard paused to clear his throat then continued “Oh, Katherine and her cousin’s obsession in you was from my brother manipulating them through Builder voice orders, to have that interests. My brother had some passed down loyalty towards Lance Richard wanted a female family member paired to you and bore your offspring in the process.” 
Jinks grimaced recalling what happened next is he had willed the Master through as Guard became silent and spoke via thought while holding a hand “I mentally ordered Kensington’s heart to stop.” and saw the Human’s form shred backwards showing a Humanoid with fanged teeth of a Drainer in place that growled some Drainer sound while eyeing him.
Jinks recalled yelling mentally “Ramses! You’re to transport me out, doing the job! The victim had some sensor on him that went off blare some siren bringing medical personal would arrive!” 
Jinks found he transported to his home in New York City to find Katherine seated in an armchair in their bedroom along with no memory of why he was standing in the bedroom woken up. Jinks stopped grimacing from the memory lowered his head and shut his mouth and opened his eyes. He found himself still gagged by Barry who loosened his hold on his neck but gave up his familiar chatter in familiar voice tone found himself relaying everything he recalled regarding Guard Kensington along with killing him by mental power abilities and what happened to the male’s body after the deed was done. He felt himself freed abruptly coughed while eyeing Barry who spoke his familiar language in a familiar voice tone found himself compelled to go to the mattress and sleep which he obeyed and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

I recalled the memory fully in my mind recalling that the High Council kept up the name of Heartbreaker, as dubbing him and had him, assassinate numerous Humans in various scenarios. The cause of death was only by heart organ stopping its function by him mentally ordering, it to cease its beating as ordered by the group. I recalled that some of the Humans he killed had forms changed into Charons. Another Charon would appear from hidden state speaking to the new Charon each time that change happened after killing them. I continued to recall that Barry would get Jinks to speak about the Humans’ reaction to the Human, he assassinated in front of them via voice order using a compelling voice tone in private of their bedroom each time he did an assassination. I recalled that there was no comment from the Meritanians or the High Council on the interrogation by Barry. Jinks were then ordered to sleep which he would do it only to wake up in the High Council’s throne room. Jinks then were given orders to assassinate a Human whose image would be shown to him and transported to the victim’s location in a discreet spot. Jinks wound with successfully doing the killing without any interference from anyone else in the vicinity. Jinks felt a hand on his shoulder breaking him of the reverie as he sat in the barroom finished with his drink of milk. 
As usual to look up and stared at Barry who spoke “Talk Jinks on how your feeling.” 
He shook his head in a no gesture recalling after each assassination he would go to the barroom to get a drink where Barry would always prod him to talk on his feelings. Jinks had managed to balk on talking about them each time towards the Builder while in the room. He looked away to stare at his hands clasped onto the bar and heard Barry’s voice speaking in his familiar language in a compelling voice tone and found himself thrown backwards. Jinks landed onto something that felt like a mattress and swung himself up to find himself in the bedroom with the Builder there that gave him a familiar talk look on his facial expression. Jinks spoke his familiar words recalling that Barry always pulled this stunt onto him each time he balked talking to him about his feelings while in the barroom. 
Jinks always given the excuse to the Builder despite ordered to talk “I can’t put it to words on how I’m feeling, Barry that its ranges of emotions all over the place.” 
He saw Barry’s eyes flare golden felt himself gagged on the throat by the Builder’s hand who spoke in Summeran “Talk Jinks now! Your latest victim like the some of the previous ones was found with multiple bones broken all over the place. Along with muscle bruising, despite autopsies saying that that the heart organ was what killed them. So admit it what’s going on now.”
He shook his head in a no gesture and heard from Barry speaking foreign language in a compelling voice tone and found himself speaking in Summeran as the Builder cut his chatter “Father, help me. I can’t tolerate doing this anymore without anger taking control of me each time I finish a job for the High Council. I can’t get rid of the angry feeling no matter how I tried through mediation or karate. The only relief I can get from the angry feeling is from using my fists onto the victim after I kill them. I can’t stop the feeling from taking control of me once I’ve done a job and nothing except physical acts of punching seems to get rid of the anger. Help me please Father.” 
He felt tears flow from his eyes as he felt himself freed from Barry’s hand hold gulped air through his mouth while collapsing onto his knees and rocked his form. Jinks gave up wailing sounds while having eyes watery and unfocused on the scene all around him. He continued with his noises and body movements seemingly lengthy recalling to himself. I wound up recalling five of his previous victims he killed. I wound up recalled that he punched their bodies from hardness felt to some soft status while hearing bones breaking. I recalling after he ordered their heart organ to stop and did the punching due to anger taking control of him. I recalled the anger was aimed towards the High Council. I was thinking about the group after doing an ordered assassination and feeling bouts of anger hitting me each time. He felt a hand on top of his head halting his rocking movements as he continued his noises till he felt compelled to shut up. Jinks did and his eyes stopped their watery substance. Jinks focused his eyes to see Barry with a frown look on his face standing in front of him removing his hand from on top of his head. I was sensing that they were still in the bedroom from my senses alerting me of it. 
I saw Jinks eyed Barry with pleading on his face to hear from the Builder in Summeran “You’re not cut out to be an assassin, your feelings after doing a job for the High Council. A pity to you Jinks. The High Council is too occupied with their wants to listen to their servants telling them that view of you not being assassin material. You wound up having abilities like one. 
The servants have been overheard warning the High Council ‘Once it was known that Horus was doing assassin jobs. Horus would slip up with doing the job.’ 
Such as you punching the victims after doing it, this punching has gotten the notice of First Ones on the mainland that have somehow figured out ‘Various people publicity trashing the High Council dying from stoppage of heart organ was courtesy of an assassin using some mental power ability to do the job.’ 
Proof of that are your latest victims found with medical ailments hitting them.”
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth and inhaled through his nose as Ramses’ voice was heard in his mind “Barry, the High Council wants Heartbreaker’s presence in the meeting room now and you to be there as well so help me out here with the transportation since I’m commanded not to do it.” 
He forced the mask to cover his head in a quick move while standing up as Barry spoke in foreign language sounding in a compelling voice tone and found himself in the High Council’s throne room with the Builder there. He kept his mouth shut feeling rage boiling within him as a familiar image of a human appearing to be a male wearing a suit flashed from projection monitor in front of the speakers.
This followed by Shad speaking his familiar words “This is your target. Assassinate him by making his beater organ to stop. Ramses transport him to the target’s location and make it discreet with the transportation.” 
He blinked his eyes as night vision flashed and found he in some bathroom from the looks of it looking fancy and looking expensive to him. He went to the open doorway to peer with day vision flashing into the room looking like a lighted by lamp office where his targeted Human was seated at the desk attention aimed at a computer monitor typing onto a keyboard with pauses between. He felt his rage become more boiling as he willed the Master through and mentally ordered with a hand aimed at the male to sleep and saw him slump over. He walked into the room with senses blaring but ignored it, feeling his anger take control, to dart towards the male, grabbing his sleeping form, from the desk and lifted him up tossing him over it and threw him onto the floor. He recalled his mission held up a hand and mentally ordered the male’s heart organ to stop, finding his order obeyed. Jinks felt anger within him take control kneeled and threw a fist into the male’s front not caring on where it landed and kept up the fisting till the hardness of the bones stopped along with softness felt. 
He felt his anger leave him abruptly sighed loudly and stood up mentally yelling “Ramses transport me out now!”                 
He saw the scene changed to the familiar bedroom while hearing a Listener’s voice speaking familiar words. Jinks ignored walking out of the bedroom to the hallway going into the barroom and once inside removed his mask to notice Barry not in the room as he went to sit on a stool. 
He didn’t say a word to the bartender who spoke “One drink coming up for you.” 
He ignored the bartender to toss the mask onto the bar and clasped his hands together onto there while staring at them. Jinks felt his familiar senses blaring warning felt compelled to look at the barroom doors which he obeyed and stiffened seeing Barry standing in front of them with some familiar glaring stare look on his face. Jinks stiffened recalling the senses blaring when he was in presence of his victim and looked away. Jinks figuring out that Barry had managed to transport he to the victim’s location to witness him doing the assassination job just to see for he what he said to him. He again focused onto the bar’s top and got a hand waving in his eyesight which he looked up to see the bartender had a drink ready for him. Jinks took the gold cup and sipped the drink of milk as usual with its odd taste in it as he ignored Barry who he sensed continued to stare at him. He once done place the cup down onto the bar and grabbed his mask then felt himself falling backwards landing onto something soft that felt like a mattress. Jinks swung himself up to find himself in a familiar bedroom alone with Barry there.
Barry spoke “Talk Jinks, now on the source of your anger causing you to punch your victims after you kill them.”      
He felt rage take control in response placed on the mask and sensed the Master in control held up a hand towards Barry thinking “I making his heart organ stop.” 
Only to hear from Lance “Don’t do that, Jinks! Your powers regardless of what they are aimed at Barry, will backfire onto you! Drop that attitude now!”
He mentally spoke to himself as Lance became silent “Perhaps death is a way out of this.” 
He eyed Barry that had golden eyes with a familiar stare as he mentally spoke ‘I ordered the Builder’s heart to stop.” 
Jinks found him, passing out unconscious, only to come to hearing a familiar ringing noise while held up in a sagging position, by the Falcons. He opened his eyes feeling rage still in control as he straightened up his form and folded his arms feeling the Falcons release him. He glared at the High Council as an image of a human female appearing to look young as in her late twenties while wearing some police uniform appeared making his senses blares warning.
This was followed by Shad speaking “This is your target. Make beater organ stop as a way of assassinating her. Ramses, transport Heartbreaker to a discreet location near the target.” 
He found night vision flaring in his eyesight as he looked around finding himself in vicinity of inside some furniture warehouse. Jinks felt his angry mood hit him as his eyesight flashed day vision from night vision from the windows of a flashlight shined into the warehouse. He ducked behind a couch as the flashlight shined in his direction and peered over it eyes in the direction to see a metal door near the windows which he mentally used his powers to force it open seeing it happen. He crouched eyeing the door to see it kicked open followed by a figure stepped into view, obscured by the glare of a flashlight sweeping the area, while seeing that it was his targeted human holding a handgun in her hands. She with flashlight as the light blared in another direction again making his senses blare warning. Jinks eyed her feeling his angry mood still hitting him held up a hand in her direction as she walked off in another direction appearing to not see him or detect him. He mentally ordered her heart organ to stop and felt his mood become fouler by her still moving and her body appearing to not be affected by his Master power orders. He figured to himself that he was too far for his powers to work recalling he doing it to victims at close range and recalling that his powers always work at close range towards people. He quietly edged himself towards the female who moved further into the warehouse while swinging her flashlight which he ducked repeatedly hiding behind furniture each time she swung the light in his direction. He felt annoyance take hold finding he not getting any closer to her by her movements or his creeping status stood up and yanked the mask off his face figuring out that he would have to play a game of surrender just to get closer to her. Jinks tossed aside the mask and tossed aside the gloves while holding up his hands as the flashlight swung in his direction.
Followed by the female’s voice speaking in Summeran loudly “Police! Hit the ground now or I’ll shoot!”   
He obeyed ducking behind a couch and crouched waiting as the flashlight came nearer and nearer along with gun cocking sounds. He sprung as she rounded around the couch and mentally ordered her gun to jam along with using karate kick to knock aside the flashlight seeing it fly out of her hands along with gun jamming noises heard. Jinks kicked the gun out of her hands seeing that she was blind to seeing him and with a swift move grabbed her by arm around her neck hand on top of her head. Only to hear her speaking foreign language sounding like Barry’s language in a compelling voice tone with oddness to the voice. He felt himself compelled to release her and stand frozen as she darted towards the flashlight that was sitting on top of an armchair. Jinks snarled a growling sound feeling the frozen status stop as she got the flashlight into her hands. He gave up a roar of anger and charged towards her seeing the flashlight shine into his face. Followed by hearing her using Builder voice and language he assumed with that oddness, found he compelled to get onto the floor with hands on his back and remain like that. Jinks felt his mood fouler as he felt handcuffs placed on his wrists and forced up to stand by her voice orders and forced to walk out of the warehouse to a cop car seated outside. Jinks forced inside it followed by her standing outside shining the flashlight onto his face which he looked away from the glare. 
He heard from Lance abruptly “Jinks, will the Source away now. It’ll make her look foolish to others, when she claims that you had some odd eye look, seen. Also rest assured that her Builder abilities like any other Builder using them, onto you except for Barry, won’t work in making, you flare that Source eye look again, as proof of her words.” 
Jinks obeyed to sit leaning back in the car to hear her getting inside speaking in Summeran “Assault on an officer is a no, no around here regardless of you being a servant of the High Council or not. I aim to make the charges stick, period.” 
He didn’t comment a response glared at the back of her head as he heard her start up the car using verbal orders followed by driving it through the city he recognized from memory to be New York City from the looks of it. 
Jinks mentally spoke “Ramses, inform the High Council that target got me captured using some Builder ability. She managed to have some body defense against my mental abilities when tried on her.”
He heard from Lance abruptly “Actually Ramses is busy at the moment monitoring some situation involving First Ones having sea vessels, massing in one spot, over the ocean. He’s monitoring the situation to make sure that they don’t play their games near he, or his sisters’ ocean location or be hostile towards the High Council’s home base islands. The First Ones have targeted some islands, for military exercises, like they already have done before.”
He didn’t hear anything from Lance except gave up growling noises feeling his angry mood still within him and heard from the female cop “Cut out that racket or I’ll voice order you to shut up.” 
He cut his noises to hear from Lance abruptly “Actually Jinks just play the part of someone with amnesia. Some Highlander servant, alerted by me, comes into your presence to scan you. Make it look like you got your memories restored with that you recall being put unconscious, found yourself in the hands of the High Council. The group appeared to scan you deeply then mind wiped you after they were done and dumped you in where that cop found you. Your amnesiac status will prove to be a good defense against the charges. People in similar situations, have reacted violently towards others when their found.” 
He commented in response while eyeing the female still driving the car “Just hope she’s not like Barry, detecting you talking to me.” 
He heard from Lance “Ah Jinks, she can voice order people to move and do physical things hence she in cop position. Builders disapproved of being cops but forcing someone to speak is an ability she doesn’t have. I’m not sure if her fellow cops are aware of her Builder abilities, her getting into situations fellow cops won’t do such as searching a warehouse for someone in there, in the dark of night. I communicated that to Barry who says he’s seen cops balk, doing night searches, alone in places that are rumored to take down a cop that have happened before.” 
He didn’t comment a response as the car halted followed by the female getting out and saw her out the window met up with a male cop who eyed him with some look in his eyes, reminded him of recognition followed by some sneering look formed on his face.
Jinks lip read “Who’s your latest victim this time hmm?”
He eyed the male cop who paused followed by the man appearing to burst into laughter motions followed by lip reading “Wait till the others get a load of this joke! You bagging the missing billionaire, Jinks Montreal, and charging him with assault when it’s obvious that he has amnesia, hence his violent reaction towards you!” 
He saw the female turn around to stare at him with a scrutiny look which he formed a glare on his face and bared his teeth in response to her scrutinizing. 
He saw her stomp her foot followed by an angry look on her face and speaking to the male cop “Since you identified him why don’t you take the job of alerting his people of him being found, while I get him into holding and have some Highlander meet us there to get his mind restored?”
He eyed the male cop who kept the sneer on his face and spoke “Gladly and nice try with the arrest, Joker.”
He saw the male cop leave her with a laughing like look on his expression and body movements as he shifted to glare at the female cop who he lip read “Just for once I would like to be taken seriously as a cop, instead of some laughingstock despite my own father being the commissioner of the city’s force, threatening to fire me from my position if any more of my arrests turned out embarrassing.” 
He didn’t comment a response only glared at the female who yanked open the car door and spoke to him in Summeran “Get your seat out of the vehicle now!” 
He glared at her and remained seated as ordered by Lance sounding in his mind. He didn’t protest as she reached inside and grabbed his arm yanking him out. Jinks again gave up growling noises as he was forced walked up set of stairs into a building he recognized as a police station headquarters. He kept up the noises and glare on his face as she got him inside while seeing fellow cops mostly males gathered around a desk looking in her direction and giving off laughing sounds. She forced walked him pass them to a doorway which she pushed him inside seeing it was an office where an older Human male with no looks of the female was on his face and forced to sit in a chair. 
He kept his eyes onto her in some glare halting his noises as she spoke “Daddy, tell me is this guy the missing billionaire Jinks Montreal as said by someone identifying him? He was found in some furniture warehouse and resisted my attempts to arrest him for trespassing.”
Jinks kept his eyes onto the female with a glare on his face feeling his mood still not good as he heard from the male the Commissioner he assumed speaking “Daughter, I’m disappointed in you asking me that question.” 
He saw a big frown appear on her face followed by again hearing from her father “You should have kept yourself abreast with news within the city. If you had, you would have known that the local news have been blaring broadcasts about Jinks Montreal, being missing and known, he was from the looks of him identifying him as that missing person. But lucky for us there’s a million dollar finders’ reward for finding him. I believe the money will go to the station for we badly need the funds for various things around here. State government cut backs just to balance some state budget.” 
He heard a Humph from her and heard the Commissioner speaking “Chana, cut it with the noises and alert his people of him being found.” 
He heard from Chana he assumed “I already took the liberty of having someone else do that job for me. That someone was a fellow cop who figured out who he was from looking at him just as I hauled him in hence my question to you for confirmation.” 
Jinks continued to eye Chana as the Commissioner was heard speaking “Well get Kohei out of his office and into here now since we need him at the moment.” 
Jinks watched her leave shifted towards the male and made a motion to get up only to hear from the Commissioner speaking in a firm tone with authority in his voice “Sit!”
He obeyed glaring at the Commissioner with some boring look who spoke “Just be patient and you‘ll remember who you are soon enough.” 
He kept up the glare as he felt his mind scanned along with steps behind him heard a male voice sounding in his mind “Jerk your head up while shutting your eyes and give off a scream sound now.” 
He obeyed giving off a loud nonsense noise along with mental orders to gasp and groan out loud which he proceeded to do it then ordered to stop. 
Jinks lowered his head opening his eyes and spoke “Who’s that woman that arrested me anyway? And no I can’t help you on matters with the High Council, after they mind wiped me I woke up in that furniture warehouse clad in this and arrested by her.” 
He felt himself annoyed with the lie clamped his mouth shut and glared at the Commissioner who spoke “You have a name, sir?”
Jinks spoke “Yah Jinks Montreal is my name and get me out of these cuffs and out of this joker outfit and out of here.” 
He glared at the Commissioner who cleared his throat followed by feeling Chana’s hands on his bare wrists giving him an image of Barry flashing in his mind along with senses blaring again as she removed the handcuffs off of him. 
He heard from Lance blaring in his mind “Oh just realized that this Chana is some descendant of Barry, judging by how she was able to avoid you trying to stop her beater organ despite Source powers in control.”  
He didn’t comment a response but sighed loudly moving his hands in front of him rubbing his wrists while hearing the Commissioner speaking “Kohei, shut the door on your way out now.” 
He heard a door shutting sound spoke “That cop of yours used some verbal voice order to make me submit to her arrest demand. What’s a Builder doing posing as a cop anyway? I heard that was frowned upon.” 
He saw the Commissioner’s eyes narrow with suspicion in them followed by speaking “Marchana, something you want to tell me hmm?”
Jinks shifted to find Chana standing in front of the door looking nervous and heard her speaking “Fine, I can manipulate people physically by voice orders spoken in some odd language, Daddy. Sorry I didn’t bring that up for Mom told me to keep my mouth shut about it when I revealed that to her while in some argument about me becoming a cop. Mom was rather firm on keeping it a secret even hidden from you. She refused to explain to me on why she was doing that even when cancer killed her last year.” 
He shifted to eye the Commissioner who spoke “Marchana, hand in your badge and gun now. I’m officially firing you from the force. You caused quite a deal of embarrassment with those frivolous arrests you’ve been making. The Mayor has been on my back to fire you threatening to kick me out of position and put someone in my place, so the badge and gun.” 
He eyed Chana figuring out that her full name was Marchana nicknamed Chana and watched as she appearing to cry took off her badge putting it on the desk along with taking off her weapons’ belt putting it on the desk. 
She spoke in a broken voice “Any…thing…else…Dad…dee?”
He spoke beating the Commissioner “You’ll get your reward paid in full if I get your daughter in exchange.” 
He eyed the Commissioner who spoke “Agreement done, Mister Montreal and she’s not my daughter. Just some female I nurtured out of the streets hence she calling me Daddy.” 
He heard a soft gasp from Chana as he heard a phone ringing sound and saw the Commissioner lift up a laptop computer and press a keyboard button while speaking “Yes Commissioner Barrow speaking.” 
He frowned as he heard a male voice speaking “Commissioner Barrow, New York News, what do you have to say about finding the missing billionaire Jinks Montreal?”
He eyed the male who spoke “No comment at the moment.” 
He frowned as the Commissioner pressed a button and spoke “Vultures are circling Humph.” 
He didn’t say a word as there was a knocking sound heard along with the door opening sounded behind him followed by a male voice speaking “Commissioner, Mister Montreal’s representative is here with a vehicle outside. Also the press has gathered outside and has been pestering various cops with questions about Mister Montreal being found, sir.” 
He got up and brushed his pants and spoke “That’s my cue to leave Commissioner excuse me.” 
He got a head bob from the Commissioner as he went to the door and paused to see Chana staring at the floor not noticing him and looking sad. 
He heard from the Commissioner “Marchana! Pay attention now!”
Jinks saw her look up and turned towards him who he spoke “Cut the sad expression now and drop it and while your at it act like a bodyguard will you? You’re dressed for the part anyway.” 
He saw big frown appear on her face which he took her arm with her not resisting and felt her guiding him to the entrance of the building which he discovered was another entrance instead of the one he was led inside by her.  Jinks walked out to see camera lights flashing in his face as he saw an aisle held back by cops leading him to a limo where a Highlander driver was there that opened the car door seeing him. Jinks sensed from Chana she acting like she was what he ordered her, a bodyguard while getting him into the limo which she went inside with him. He heard her give off quiet sobbing sounds as he sat leaning back in the car hearing it start up and felt its motion into the city.
Jinks heard from Lance “Humph, the High Council, according to Ajax, complaining to me can’t get any communication from the Meritanians. The plants are ignoring them at the moment too busy engrossed with a too many to count, bunch of First One sea vessels gathering in the ocean in one spot. The High Council according to Ajax has managed to get that on visual recordings and is pretty much angry at the moment. Their furious that the First Ones have pulled this massing of sea vessels before too many times, gets the Meritanians to ignore everything on the base to focus onto them till the gathering has broken up. The time is various on time lengths of their meeting before the break up happens. I heard from Ajax that the gatherings sometimes involve this sea vessel sport of racing them from one starting spot, in the ocean till they reach another spot or land. Other vessels are there too either with people to record the race or witnessed it. ”      
Jinks mentally spoke “Father, wouldn’t they be there for finding a missing at sea person?”
He frowned as Lance spoke “Jinks that has happened along with military vessels gathering for playing games. Unfortunately Ajax has said that the vessels sighted by High Council recorders aimed at the area have indicated that their military. According to the Meritanians’ conversing with people on them, the First Ones are playing war games and are busy selecting a spot in the ocean for the games to be played. The plants are talking them out of certain areas by their talk overheard. I must warn you that the Meritanians have been playing a joke game of manipulating First Ones whenever they gather sea vessels in the ocean just to amuse they and get out of doing any orders by the High Council, hence their bad mood which has happened too many times before.” 
He exhaled a breath finding he falling backwards landing on metal like floor and felt the familiar hand holds onto him and spotted Chana in the vicinity of the High Council’s throne room as he was forced up to stand. He saw Anubis snap Chana’s neck with a hand on her head as he opened his mouth to speak and found his mouth covered. Jinks made noises sounds in his throat as Barry appeared in a flash of light and he kept on making the sounds. Jinks eyed Barry to hear the Builder speaking his familiar words in a compelling voice tone as he felt himself freed and gagged by the male. 
Jinks blurt “My latest victim is a descendant of you, how my powers refused to work onto her. I saw an image of you flash in my mind when she touched me barehanded.” 
Jinks frowned as Barry in response flared golden eyes and spoke his familiar words in foreign language along with it in a compelling voice tone. Jinks found himself speaking the whole encounter with Chana till Anubis was seen snapping her neck to death. 
He finished frowned as Barry spoke in Basic “Interesting Jinks. High Council you knew that this Chana was a family member of mine?”
He heard from Shad “Not really just that she’s slated to die which Anybus did the job due to Horus failing to do it.” 
He willed the Master through and glared at the High Council as his senses blared warning along with sensing an edge in Shad’s voice tone that indicated the High Council was hiding something. He heard Barry’s familiar words in a familiar voice tone found himself freed and back into his quarters of the penthouse to see a naked female standing in front of him looking like a Hybrid Human Highlander. 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as urged by Lance blare it in his mind “Keep your mouth shut!”
Jinks obeyed and didn’t protest as the female got him onto the bed and stripped him of his clothes and shoes leaving him naked. He didn’t protest as the female straddled him along with a familiar feeling of his mind scanned and felt himself entering inside her. Jinks gave up a roar and swung them around till her back was onto the bed. Jinks grabbed her hips and rammed he inside her doing ramming mating while glaring at her in the eyes seeing she seemed shocked with his behavior. He ignored that and continued with the mating till he spilled himself inside her. He rolled them both over till she was on top and adjusted his hands to put behind his head only to feel himself floating above to see himself changed into Lance who thrust the female onto her back and then the view went black. 

Jinks found himself back into his body still inside the female who had a pained look on her face. Jinks didn’t comment a response pulled out and saw her get up from the bed backing away from him with some look of horror on her face, eyed and saw her disappear in a flash of light. Jinks sighed and shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who he saw didn’t have the crown but appeared to be smirking. 
He glared at Lance and willed the Master through and spoke “Father, you’re not honest with me on this body exchange ability with me.” 
He glared at Lance who looked at him with all black eyes and found himself gagged on the throat followed by his father’s growling voice heard “Honest? I share what you need to know, Jinks.”
He felt paralysis hitting him found himself onto the beach ground on his back and Lance having a foot on his chest which he mentally spoke “Shield.”
Jinks found the paralysis gone used karate to get Lance’s foot off his chest with swinging himself up to find Lance was still standing instead of knocked off his feet like he thought. 
He glared at Lance who spoke “It took you long enough to figure out that trick I was trying to teach you.” 
He gave up a roar and swung a foot aiming at Lance’s head only to get blocked by his father’s arm. Jinks continued to kick at Lance feet aimed at the male’s head only to get them blocked by the deity’s arms. Jinks found his eyes forced shut from behind and found he waking up in bed of the penthouse while naked and felt himself itching to mate. 
He thrust an arm on his face covering his eyes while sensing the Master in control and heard “Master?”             
Jinks recognized the voice as Yeliza’s thrust his arm away from his face to glare at Yeliza standing next to the bed who gave up a loud gasp sound. He narrowed his eyes and quickly got up from the bed darting towards her in fast speed moves. Jinks grabbed Yeliza and thrust her form onto the floor while grabbing her wrists into a hand hold. He clamped a hand over her mouth as she opened it. 
Jinks snarled making sure she could lip read him “Don’t fight me or it’ll be worse for you. What I want I get period.” 
He removed his hand sensing Yeliza had stopped resisting and thrust her dress up finding another dress. Jinks thrust up and with his free hand thrust her legs apart and entered her thrusting in movements. 
He heard from Lance sounding in his mind “Jinks, that’s not mating that’s hitting you but some sickness instead so break that off now.” 
He mentally spoke in response “Drat your interference!” in response as he spilled himself inside Yeliza.
Jinks felt his mating urge gone abruptly which he yanked himself out of her and freed her from his grip as he rolled over to lie on his back while staring at the ceiling that changed to show a black ceiling as he sensed someone watching him. Jinks felt sleepiness shut his eyes and dreamed of floating above himself to find his body change into Lance to see the scenery change showing the Hyperon gathered around. Jinks found he back onto the beach facing the Meritanians in humanoid forms which he kneeled and focused onto Lance only to feel a choking sensation hitting him. 
Jinks raised a hand and mentally spoke “I ordered a shield to form.” finding the gagging stopped as he stood up to face Ajax who spoke in some smirking tone “None of this helping Predecessor bit, father.” 
Jinks gave Ajax a glare and forced his son’s eyes shut in a fast speed move and turned to face the Meritanians as something came to his mind to think “I realize why Barry was never fooled by them was because the Builder always seen them as plants that could talk through mental mind manipulating with mind abilities to manipulate others.”
He spoke noticing the Meritanians were eyeing him “Let me guess you plants are bored with things around here hmm?”
He got double take looks and widened eyes along with their eyes narrowing as they eyed him. Jinks kneeled and focused onto Lance to find his father had the crown in his hands but was facing a Shadonian with Hyperon traits on him with a gun like weapon facing him in his hand. 
Jinks frowned as the Shadonian spoke in Basic in some angry tone “Put the crown on your head and I’ll shoot and I mean it with what I say.” 
Jinks heard from Lance speaking out loud to the Shadonian “I guess I’ll take my chances.” 
He saw the view went black to stand up hearing a familiar growling noise. Jinks felt his eyes forced shut and found himself back in the familiar black ceiling room. Jinks sat up kneeling and gave up roaring sounds while hearing glass cracking sounds from above him. He kept the roaring till his senses blared warning and felt a hand clamp over his mouth in some tight hold while held in a hug by a masculine figure felt despite the clothes worn on the figure. He exhaled a breath through his nose to cut off his noises sensing the figure was Barry himself to feel himself freed. Jinks felt rage hitting him got onto his feet in a squat position and eyed Barry who eyed him with a narrowed eyed look. He heard a whining squeal sound and ignored it till his nose smelled something that made him terribly excited. Jinks found he attacking a Keo aiming for the male’s raised up arm to find to his annoyance the male disappearing from view in a flash of light. Jinks squatted onto the floor sniffing with his nose as if compelled. Jinks heard Barry’s familiar voice speaking in a compelling voice tone kneeled onto one knee and rubbed hands on his face while groaning loudly. Jinks found his arms grabbed along with a hand clamped over his mouth as he was forced to stand glared at the High Council to find a Highlander servant standing nearby holding a red bag. Jinks frowned as the servant opened it and found he getting excited jerked in the hand holds of Anubis and guards while giving off loud sounds by throat. 
Jinks felt the excitement stop as the servant shut the bag followed by Barry’s familiar voice speaking in Basic “I warn you High Council that this won’t last forever. He’ll be like the others only having the urge temporary which will wear off as soon as you can do anything about it permanently.” 
He narrowed his eyes still aimed at the High Council as Shad spoke “Oh, really Barry on what you said?”
He frown hearing the sarcasm from Shad as the speaker continued “We recall it took a certain deity quite a lengthy period of time, one standard First One year by our calculations to get rid of the urge after being a certain Drainer. Oh, we warn you this deity was easily manipulated to serve us as long as the urge lasted which he did numerous jobs for us. He we say was easily controlled to do our bidding-“
He frowned as Barry interrupted “Enough of that talk High Council. Yes I know what your talking about and who so stop talking about the subject now.” 
He narrowed his eyes in a glare aimed at the High Council as Onya spoke “Fine as you wish Barry. Our business with Horus isn’t done at the moment.”
He frowned as Barry’s voice was heard “Oh really High Council? You sure you want to use Horus as an assassin? I warn you that he’s a liability, how he messed up several jobs for you by making a big mess out of them along with failing to do a job. Anubis had to clean up his mess.” 
Jinks kept his eyes onto the High Council as Shad spoke “Horus we still dub you Heartbreaker but this time you’re to use whatever method to assassinate people other than making their beater organs to stop for good.” 
He felt Anubis’s hand off his mouth and found he blurting “As you wish High Council I serve.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as Anubis’s hand resumed covering it feeling himself shocked with his words but mentally kept his mind blank due to sensing it was being scanned by the Meritanians. 
Jinks heard them laughing again followed by an earthquake felt along with Ramses’ voice yelling “That’s the one who you hate hearing his name doing the pain!” 
Jinks felt the earthquake stop to his relief shifted to eye Barry to see the Builder was flaring golden eyes and looking in his direction as he frowned at what the male was implying. He kept his mind blank in response as Barry spoke his familiar words in familiar voice tone. He found himself freed of the hand holds and found himself in a bedroom having two beds which one was a mattress on the floor. 
Jinks heard from Barry off his right “Humph closed minds don’t listen to anything but what they want the most period. It’ll take awhile till the lesson is gotten which it should be done soon I hope.” 
He shifted to eye Barry who was looking at him and the Builder added “Ah Jinks clothes for you are on my bed along with footwear so go hit the shower. You look like you could need one.”
Jinks looked away to find it was what Barry said which he gathered the clothes and shoed boots and went into the bathroom to shower thoroughly along with using the facilities lengthy. Jinks came out once done dressed in the clothes that consisted of black High Council servant wear garb along with his familiar mask and gloves on. 
He stood with arms folded to find Barry seated on the bed with back to him who he heard spoke “Hmm their not fooling me despite that trick done.  I know of a familiar stunt like that played before onto someone else. The joke stopped once it was obvious it wasn’t working. Humph nice try anyway.” 
He kept his mouth shut but cleared his throat and heard from Barry “Jinks hit the barroom now. You need some nourishment anyway. I’m busy here.” 
He obeyed to go to the barroom and went inside to yank off his mask and sat at the bar on a stool. Jinks got handed a gold cup holding red liquid in it with a stink that made him feel disgusted. 
Jinks placed it onto the bar instead of drinking it and spoke “I prefer something else than this drink which doesn’t smell right anyway.” 
He found his order obeyed and got handed a drink of pink liquid which he sipped finding it strawberry milkshake with a certain taste in it that told him the drink included something to help his body recover. He sipped down the drink entirely then once done walk out of the barroom putting on his mask and hit the bedroom to find Barry still inside seated on the bed with eyes shut and a smirk look on the Builder’s face. 
Jinks stared at Barry who spoke out loud “Nice try with that trick but it appears to have backfired judging by what I’ve seen.” 
He frowned hearing Barry’s words saw the scene changed to find himself in the High Council’s throne room and left alone by Anubis and guards. Jinks stood with arms folded to eye the High Council to find them projecting an image of a male Human with white hair looking familiar to him while wearing clothes that looked familiar to him.
Jinks got told “The Human is your target. Ramses was transporting him to a discreet location.” 
Jinks frowned as the scene changed to find himself in some bathroom looking similar to his Penthouse bathroom to find the lights were off as usual instead of on like his bathroom always done to him whenever he was in it. Jinks slipped out of the bathroom gently adjusting the door to find he mentally pinned to the wall near the doorway. 
Jinks mentally gave up his “Shield.” 
Jinks spotted a figure seated in an armchair meters away a male with head completely covered up in some mask showing no outlines to indicate the male’s species. Jinks felt the shield command work found he freed raised his hands mentally ordering the shield to continue. Jinks glared at the male wearing some military outfit that resembled Master Organization Army wear that got up from the armchair showing his form was bigger and taller than him. Jinks felt his senses blare warning abruptly as a familiar wall sensed hit his shield repeatedly as the male advanced towards him. 
He mentally spoke sensing his mind scanned with the wall sense stopped “Argh! Don’t tell me this is Mindbender posing as some bodyguard to my target!” 
He found the scene changed to find himself in the High Council’s throne room and restrained along with mask yanked off and mouth covered as he saw Barry in the room eyeing him. 
He frowned as Barry spoke “Told you that Jinks figured out things. We have a leak for that Mindbender was present in the room, it seemed the assassination order was anticipated, High Council.” 

Brandis’ adds here “Zerra keeps interrupting my writing by saying ‘Mindbender don’t you dare!’
She saying her saying comment mostly whenever I think of the wording Mindbender enough to try to get a memory of him to explain who he is while writing Jinks Montreal’s story. Zerra seems to be permanently mind scanning me including trying to get me to not to think of Mindbender himself instead focus onto Jinks Montreal.
Zerra keeps on saying ‘Focus Jinks Montreal and no one else!’
I’m not sure what’s her point involving the memories of Jinks Montreal but I’ll figure it out later once I find another notebook to write for I’m on the last page.”

“I’m on the new notebook now. I’m not entirely sure of what’s going on with the memories of Jinks Montreal. I keep getting memories of Jinks acting as someone else known as Guardian. Not entirely sure of that but that’s odd.”
 
Guardian found himself back into a tube cylinder from the feel of his hands touching the walls. He stiffened as images flashed into his mind while feeling no oxygen mask covering his mouth and nose giving him air. He concentrated onto the images as if drawn to see fully in his mind himself wearing a suit with all white eyes. He eyed himself after shutting his eyes, a glare of a flashlight shining onto him. 
Guardian concentrated onto the image of himself fully to see it shift form into Nikolai, his father who spoke "You my son is seeing this which means your no longer in Egyptia."
He stiffened as his father continued talking "Mahalia's ruler has a deal with species dubbed Listener to keep the influence of a hated group dubbed High Council out of Egyptia. The Listeners are servants of the High Council, ordered at certain time periods to gather in a travel gate room demanding a victim to transport to the High Council. The victim appears to be transported via implantation of something the Listeners produce within their bodies they implant a victim with. It's not explained on what it is. Don't ask the Listeners questions about that or any questions period. Besides the Listeners don't care who the victim is as long as they do their duty of transporting the victim through the travel gate. Mahalia's ruler had no success in removing those Listeners on a permanent basis to avoid this transportation bit. It appears only Mahalia is where the Listeners is appearing to more interested in gaining victims for the High Council than anywhere else on Egyptia despite there rumored other travel gates in action there."
Guardian found the image of his father left him followed by the image of Herod the first one flashing in his mind.
He concentrated onto Herod the first fully to get from the male "Egyptia has made it clear to me that other planetary worlds should have Guardians of Life and Death. Not just her planetary world in question. Hence she having you transported off despite my attempts to stop it. She did say I could transmit a message to you from time to time and that you'll get it. I'm not even sure of if you got my message or not. I'll contact once it’s appropriate."
He opened his eyes once the image of Herod left him to eye the flashlight's glare shining onto him he finding it came from the ground near the bottom of the cylinder tube's footing to his confusion. Guardian frowned finding the cylinder tube felt getting horizontal followed by thrusting him out via watery liquid move to land onto rugged floor while feeling wet and sticky all over his naked form. He swung himself up with an acrobatic karate move to feel clawed hands clamp around his arms from behind making him annoyed. 
Guardian heard blared in his mind "I'll quit resisting to my hands' holds if I were you."
He frowned hearing the voice was alien and odd to him while folding his arms to concentrate looking around to find a male with short white hair standing behind two guards pointing guns aimed at him while they were kneeling. 
He eyed the white haired male as if drawn to hear loudly "The name is Alexei. I run this place as its hidden leader. You’re in my domain the Zesky hospital and asylum now."
Guardian kept his mouth shut in response to feel his mind scanned to form a grimace on his face which he heard from the white haired male again "Tell Ramses to get out. He's mind scanning you actually."
He felt the mind scanning continue to hear blared in his mind seeing Alexei grimace "It's not Ramses but Walls actually. Ramses is busy doing something jokey for the High Council as usual."
Guardian kept his mind blank in response as he eyed Alexei to hear nothing else from Walls he assumed was the Meritanian's name to feel his mind sense scanning continues to his annoyance. 
He felt annoyed as he eyed Alexei who quit the grimace followed by speaking "Alright Breaker release the victim now."
He felt the clawed hands that felt like longer length fingernails released their holds onto his arms to look behind him to find a taller male with odd ears and all black eyes and blonde hair giving him a glare while folding his arms. He saw Breaker's hands were of longer fingernails like he sensed and not clawed as he found the top of his head reached the male's chin. Guardian shifted to eye Alexei as if feeling like needing to do it. 
Alexei he heard spoke "Anyhow Breaker makes you scarce. I'll handle Guardian as he dubs himself to function learning how to live on Shadan."
He sensed Breaker gone from view from senses indicating it as he eyed Alexei further with a frown. 
He got from Alexei "Come along now, Guardian, follow me."
He obeyed to follow Alexei limply walking to a wheelchair to see the male sit into it followed by one of the five guards pushing it he followed keeping his arms folded. He found the guards following behind. He eyed the guard pushing Alexei in the wheelchair was wearing black clothing of some kind of suit to him while the other guards were dressed in green clothing complete with gun weapons in hand. He frown feeling himself confused seeing various manoids with different color skin and hair colors including odd ears contained in cylinder tubes he glimpsed while looking around the room. Guardian frowned as they reached an elevator he assumed it was and went inside followed by feeling it go up. He eyed the guard pushing Alexei's wheelchair to see the male had golden manoid eyes and were narrowed with suspicion aimed at him whenever he was caught staring. Guardian kept his mouth shut as he followed Alexei out of the elevator to a hallway having again various manoids in different skin, hair and ear forms making him confused seeing that. He spotted a group of manoids having green scaly skin in male forms gathered near a wall hissing away in some laughter like maneuver while dressed in jumpsuits of black color. Guardian frowned as the hissers he assumed were they called quit hissing to stare at him with golden manoid's eyes narrowed in a glare aimed at him as he passed them. He found that they kept on staring after he passed them by sensing himself stared at which he ignored. 
He found Alexei arrived to a door which his guard paused the pushing to hear from the male "The room is for you to do whatever you want in there. Someone will come for you once it’s appropriate. Excuse me I'm wanted elsewhere by the Meritanian's blaring."
Guardian went to the door and pulled the doorknob finding that he had to push the door to open it. He walked inside ignoring Alexei to hear the door slam shut behind him with a bang sound making him annoyed. Guardian heard a loud meow sound to find a cat sitting on the bed that arched its back and washed its ear with its licking onto its paw. He sighed and went to explore the room fully finding a bathroom after finding a doorway. He peered into dressers to find some odd feel clothing that appeared to be some kind of sweats including socks and undergarments and slipper like shoes. Guardian took them out and went into the bathroom intending to shower fully. 

Guardian came out of the bathroom fully cleaned from the shower and dressed into the odd feeling clothing he figured was made out of an odd material not found in Egyptia to find Alexei in the room still seated in his wheelchair. He found Alexei's familiar black outfitted guard standing next to the wheelchair while spotting Breaker in the room giving him a glare with narrowed black eyes he figured were beady like a bug to him.
Guardian eyed Alexei's golden eyed guard to hear loudly "He seems civilized judging by what he did in this room as observed by recorders."
He sighed softly to frowns eyeing Alexei who spoke "Interesting. Nevertheless Walls you may scan Guardian as he's called by Breaker referring him that for anything if you like."
He felt his mind scanned abruptly sensed it belonged to a Meritanian to hear blared in his mind "I see you met Meritanians named Yerra and Tut. I'm Walls and this is Kiddy. There's triplet Meritanians answering to the names of Ramses the male, and Erra and Terra the females who are servants of the High Council a bunch of mind walking Highlanders. I got to warn you that it'll be awhile before the High Council turns their eyes onto you and your purpose in Shadan the planetary world you’re on. You'll find yourself serving the High Council to do whatever they want including blaring words of loyalty towards the group in question."
He exhaled a breath to frown forming it on his lips as Walls' he sensed quit his talking and mind scanning to eye Alexei as if needing to do it. 
Guardian eyed Alexei to see the male looking at his golden eyed guard still having the look of suspicion in his eyes who he heard spoke "Don't like the looks of this Guardian as Breaker refers him."
He frowned as Alexei spoke firmly "Speak in Summeran instead of that awful language your using."
Guardian exhaled a breath to frown forming on his face as the guard spoke sounding firm "I said I don't like the looks of Guardian as Breaker referred him."
He eyed Alexei who spoke "Interesting, considering that Ramses is blare his familiar ‘I'm the greatest!’ in my mind again."
He frowned as he heard blared in his mind as Alexei quit talking to rub his forehead "Hello it’s Ramses a Meritanian. I overheard Walls introducing us. I see you’re familiar with a Meritanian from what I'm seeing in your mind. Excuse me while I transport you to the High Council."
He blinked his eyes seeing a white light to find himself caged in a see through box making him frown why he was contained. Guardian eyed the darkness beyond the box to find a white light blinking followed by finding himself freed of the box and standing facing Alexei who gave up a cough sound. 
He heard "Interesting reaction towards the High Council. As in not cooperating whenever you were in their presence and swearing them dead in an insulting manner."
He frowned hearing Walls' voice sounding in his mind to mentally speak "What are you talking about Walls? I found myself contained in some see through box after seeing white light shows."
Guardian heard from Walls "Ramses, did you catch what he said?"
He heard from Ramses in response "High Council refrain from scanning the new visitor or he'll keep insulting you."
Guardian blinked his eyes finding himself in the presence of the High Council from a memory of them flashing in his mind. He saw a light show flash nearby him to see a male with short blond hair and wearing Alexei's clothes and flaring eyes of a Compeller aimed at him before shifting to eye the High Council. Guardian eyed the High Council behind their speakers warily he recalling who the male and female were from memory of them flashing in his mind. It made him confused to why he had memories of being in the High Council's presence before other than told by Walls he insulted the group. Guardian felt himself restrained by the Falcons he saw on recognition who they were by having gloved hands onto his arms in a tight ironclad hold. He eyed the High Council warily to eye the blond male Compeller as if drawn with some pleading look on his face he feeling like doing it to his confusion. 
Guardian eyed the Compeller who spoke "Interesting looks this humanoid is giving me. Humph."
He frown hearing the language to recognize it as Meg spoken by the Compeller to hear from one of the Speakers in twin language "Well humanoid, do you have a name you care to tell us, hmm?"
Guardian eyed the Compeller focusing onto him to speak in Meg language speaking "Osiris."
He felt himself shocked with what he blurts to form a confused expression on his face as he continued to eye the Compeller. 
The Compeller spoke "Belay all orders of a Builder done onto this humanoid now."
Guardian grunted raising his head up while shutting his eyes groaning loudly while getting memories fully in his mind, I recalled he lived in Shadan before transporting himself to Egyptia to live lengthy among Lance Richard's isles with Lance Richard trying to kill him repeatedly. I recalled he got fed up with Lance Richard's attempts to kill him swam off an island. He got a hold of a fish gonoid's tail which pulled him to Mahalia nation where he washed up on the shore and met a female giving up the name of Mahalia. I recalled fully that his meeting her resulted in fathering twins through her including forming the rebellion against the Brittany nation's natives rule and becoming King Yevgeny Visser in the process. I continued to recall that a Compeller actually a Builder as known on Shadan compelled him to leave Mahalia via boat. It sunk and he swam to Lance Richard's isles only to get Lance Richard repeatedly trying to kill him again over and over. It made him annoyed that he left the island after suffering an injury making him younger than his actual age to swim out and got swallowed by a gonoid and didn't know what happened after that. Guardian continued to remember his time on Shadan was that he fathered a son dubbing himself Lance Richard through a female. Guardian continued to recall meeting the Builder in his presence dubbing himself as Barry he always saw as his Father while living in Shadan before transported off via his Father's manipulation. He groaned softly to lower his head to glare at Barry he saw giving him a golden eyed glare in response. He glared at Barry with accusation in his eyes as he felt the Guardian ability activated within him allowed it through to glare at the Builder. 
He heard from Barry speaking in a compelling voice tone "Meritanians transport the one named Horus to us now."
Guardian exhaled a breath to find Lance Richard appeared in a light show without any clothes on the form that had scars on various spots and gave him a pleading look on the face while covering sensitive part with hands. 
He glared at Barry as he spoke sounding annoyed "what did you do to my son?'
He got nothing in response from Barry as the speakers were heard "Son? What's this stranger talking about?"
Guardian repeated his question feeling his rage rising through him to hear from Barry unexpectedly "Meritanians dump this stranger into the ocean in a Megadon trap now."
He found himself freed of the Falcons' grips to find he in the air falling into the ocean to swim up to the surface to see water all around him in a circle rise up making him very angry. He gave up a loud roaring sound as the wall of water closed around him to recall fully in his mind what the Guardian ability involved in the Megadon's trap.
Guardian mentally spoke "Blow!"
He made a blowing motion with his mouth to hear a loud ripping sound that sounded of flesh ripping all around him to spot the sky again while seeing the water in a circle speeding away from him in a lengthy distance before collapsing. Guardian found himself back into the High Council's presence arms gripped by the Falcons to glare at Barry with disgust running through him. 
He eyed Barry to find his son Lance Richard was gone from the room and not in sight as he recalled Alexei to figure to he "Must be with Alexei."
Guardian glared at Barry to find a speaker speaking "Interesting reaction to the Megadon trap. What should we do with him hmm?"
He heard the male voice of the speaker to glare at the High Council in response to hear "High Council the one whose name you hate wants to be transported to your presence to explain something to you regarding this visiting stranger in your presence. What should I do about this?"
He shifted to eye Barry with a glare to find the Builder speaking "Meritanians transport me out to the one who's name the High Council hates hearing now."
He found Barry transported out of the room via a familiar light show to glare at the High Council with accusation in his eyes to hear from one speaker "Interesting. I wonder if this freedom from a Megadon's trap can be used against humanoids, hmm."
Guardian stiffened from the male's speaker's words as he glared at the High Council to hear from another speaker "Nevertheless Ramses transport our visitor to an observation room now."
He found himself freed from the Falcons' grips to find himself in Alexei's presence in the familiar bedroom to find his guards’ still there giving him glares. 
He frowned thinking to himself "Is this the High Council's observation room their talking about?"
Guardian heard nothing in response to his question instead eyed Alexei still seated in a wheelchair who spoke "I see from the looks of you that you've met the High Council. Oh the reason your here in my presence instead of where the High Council wants you is from a Builder manipulating the situation at the moment. Besides the Meritanians usually will be complaining of this manipulation onto the High Council who'll find out about it as usual. So come with me while I show you something now."
He obeyed to follow Alexei out of the room being pushed by his familiar golden eyed guard dressed in black clothes and Breaker taking up the rear. He followed Alexei out of the room through a hallway to an elevator to feel it going down followed by going out to see a hallway holding windows in the walls that were all black looking on his left side making him confused to where the male was leading him to. He frowned as Alexei stopped at a window and jabbed a finger towards it. He peered over Alexei's shoulder to find the lights in the window's room turning on making him gasp of shock loudly. Guardian saw fully lying in a cylinder horizontal tube was Lance Richard his son without any clothes on and appeared to be asleep from there while still having scars on his face and body form. 
He exhaled a breath to hear from Alexei loudly "This is Jinks Montreal as he's known among the Humans or in High Council's terms First Ones living in Shadan."
He shifted to eye Alexei as if drawn to find the male looking at him and adding "He's in there asleep as ordered by the High Council to put him into there. The High Council has said that he's observed to not fully sleep or do anything involving getting rest from sleeping statuses. This no sleeping status has seemed quite lengthy enough to give him trouble health wise. Hence he's in there sleeping."
Guardian frowned forming it on his lips while glancing at his son and Alexei back and forth before hearing from the male again "The Meritanians were overheard calling you by the name of Osiris so explain that bit now."
He sighed and spoke firmly "Osiris is my original name before I arrived to Shadan. I had a son I dubbed Horus with a female who's him lying in there. Jinks Montreal is his name you say it is. He took up the name of Lance Richard a deity King. I'm surprised that he's got scars on his body form despite knowing him well enough to heal from it."
He frowns eyeing Alexei who rubbed a hand on his forehead he figured to himself "Meritanians must be scanning his mind again."
Guardian kept his mouth shut in response while eyeing Alexei who spoke "What's with the names of Guardian, Guard Beers and Yevgeny Visser anyway?"
He sighed again and spoke firmly "Flood waters arrived to the land I was living in Shadan. I went through a travel gate and arrived to a planetary world dubbed Egyptia by the writings said to be that named world on the temple gates where the natives came out of. I was living in an island continent later dubbed Mahalia using the name of Guard Beers. The nickname was Guardian. I got named Yevgeny Visser by a religious order when I led the rebellion of the Mahalia natives against another nation's rule and became Mahalia's ruler in the process. I didn't rule very long declared dead by a boat sinking."
He clamped his mouth shut in response to eye Alexei who spoke "And you seemed to be furious with what happened to your son judging by you blowing a tantrum in the ocean and destroyed a Megadon gonoid in the process. The sharks are having a feeding frenzy over the pieces of the Megadon gonoid floating in the ocean at the moment."
He sighed and spoke firmly "It's not a tempter tantrum. That blow up was a part of my mental abilities I used to free myself from the Megadon's water trap actually."
Guardian stiffened as he felt his arms grabbed in response to find himself in the High Council's presence to find Barry there giving him a familiar glare on his face. 
He glared back at Barry who spoke "Talk on these mental abilities you seem to have now Osiris."
He stiffened from Barry's use of a compelling voice tone found he blurting to his shock with the Guardian ability in control "I'm the Guardian of Life and Death. Planet Shadan comes first then manoids second."
He clamped his mouth shut and willed aside his Guardian ability to hear a familiar roaring noise sounding in the back of his mind making him annoyed as he glared at Barry. 
Guardian heard snickering like laughter appearing to be from the High Council to stare at Barry with pleading on his face to see the Builder flare golden eyes and form a glare on his face aimed at him making him gulp. 
He spoke while hearing laughing tones become louder to him "What do you expect me to do while living on Shadan? Besides quit that laughing now."
He shifted to glare at the High Council to hear loudly from the male speaker "Laughing? You must be mistaken Osiris as you call yourself."
He heard the laughing tone coming from the speaker eyed Barry with a glare in response to see the male was giving him a golden eyed glare as he continued to hear the familiar snickering like laughter. 
Guardian spoke firmly "Barry, what's going on anyway?"
He eyed Barry who spoke in response "Meritanians transport the one dubbing himself Osiris aka Guardian out of the High Council's presence now."
He found the Falcons' released their holds onto his arms to find himself in a familiar room he found belonged to Alexei and found a cat sitting on the bed giving off a meow in a soft tone. He frowned and felt himself tired went to the bed to sit leaning back and didn't protest as the cat got onto his front to tummy sit while giving off rumbling vibrations making him sleepy, shut his eyes and passed out unconscious.

Guardian woke up hearing a cat's loud yowl sound. He heard thunder booming opened his eyes to discover the cat was pawing his face while yowling loudly over the booming of thunder. Guardian sat up as the cat got off the bed he spotted went to the doorway of the bathroom while looking at him giving off a loud meow sound sounding annoyed to him. He got off the bed and followed the cat into the bathroom to find it sitting underneath the light switch while yowling and pawing the wall where it was above. Guardian turned on the lights in the bathroom and eyed the cat get onto the sink to stare at the mirror. He went to the mirror to stare at himself till a compulsion to will forward his Guardian ability hit is when he did it. He gasped of shock seeing his eyes turn all black instead of their familiar all white look. Guardian willed aside his mental ability and eyed himself in the mirror while again hearing the familiar roaring noises sounding within the back of his mind.
He figured to himself "Must be from being on Shadan that changed my mental abilities to something else."
Guardian frowned eyeing himself in the mirror finding his facial appearance was twin to Lance Richard's and appeared to be twin to Jinks Montreal minus the facial scarring. He frowned eyeing himself in the mirror seemingly lengthy till a cat's yowl broke his staring. He felt fur rubbing his ankle to his confusion to look down finding the cat was rubbing its body on his bare ankle. He frowned discovering himself clad in a hospital gown on his form instead of the odd sweats he was wearing. Guardian frowned and without a word walked out of the bathroom to discover the bedroom lights were on with Alexei in the room still seated in his wheelchair and accompanied by his familiar guard and Breaker. 
Guardian frowned while eyeing Alexei who spoke loudly over the booming of thunder "Breaker, do something about his memory now."
He found Breaker speaking "You will remember who you are now as you refer yourself as Guardian."
He stiffened as memories spilled into his mind abruptly once Breaker quit his compelling voice tone and sounding like a Builder. Guardian gasped as memories of himself as a male named Jinks Montreal flashed into his mind making him further confused to why he was getting the memories. Guardian felt confusion hitting him as the memories continued to spill into his mind. He formed a confused expression on his face while rubbing a hand on his forehead before eyeing Alexei who didn't look relieved to him instead looked annoyed. 
He frowned inwardly as Alexei spoke "Typical the High Council pulled this stunt onto him this time that he's thinking he's someone else when he's not."
Guardian felt himself confused to what Alexei was talking about as he heard "I'm the great mighty Ramses the great!"
He heard it blared in his mind mentally spoke in response "Get out of my mind Ramses!"
He found Ramses ignored his mental chatter by keeping on scanning him but this time quit his talk. Guardian eyed Alexei who he saw was rubbing a hand on his forehead and looking weary to him. He frowned while eyeing Alexei as Ramses was felt quitting on scanning him to his relief. 
He focused onto Alexei who spoke "Jason, get me to my quarters where I can sleep now. I'm too tired to stay up awake anymore."
He frowned as the golden eyed guard took Alexei out of the room by pushing the male's wheelchair to find Breaker remained giving him a narrowed glare in response making him gulp. 
Guardian frowned as Breaker spoke "Who's memories are you remembering in your mind anyway?"
He spoke firmly "Jinks Montreal but I know I'm not him. He's down asleep like Alexei said."
He wound up eyeing Breaker who spoke "The High Council is up to something regarding this Jinks Montreal at the moment. He really is down asleep with his own twin aka Lance Richard taking his place to function among his life among the Humans. Problem is Lance isn't doing a good job enough to fool the public. The public is questioning who he is and why Jinks seems to have a twin doing his publicity work."
Guardian frowned hearing that as Breaker without a word walked out of the room slamming the door with a loud bang sound making him annoyed. He sensed a light show to find Barry appearing who sat down in an armchair and gave him a golden eyed glare while folding his arms. 
Guardian gulped and spoke firmly "I have memories of this Jinks Montreal fully in my mind when I know I'm not him. That despite looking likes him in the facial appearance and having twin mental abilities as him."
He clamped his mouth shut to frown while eyeing Barry who spoke "And what else do you remember of this Jinks Montreal hmm?"
He frowned to shut his eyes to recall what was the real reason why Jinks wasn't sleeping and down asleep in a tube to open his eyes and spoke "He was having nightmares of his wife Katherine coming back from the dead over and over to suffer pains of cancer and die in front of him. He kept having that over and over that he couldn't sleep as a result hence he avoiding doing the sleeping method and as a result is down asleep into Alexei's care at the moment."
Guardian frowned further while eyeing Barry as the male spoke "Interesting but what else do you remember of Jinks' life hmm?"
He frowned to recall fully who Jinks was to speak "He's a billionaire very richly well off. He has the title of King that involves running the nation of America and Canadian territory. He has a daughter named Victoria Katherine who's a well known author by the name of Veronica Thomas. She's married to a former servant of the High Council named Tom Thunder who's an actor in a TV program series involving something dubbed vampire or vampires. He also has a son whose Mother is Katherine that is still living but at the moment has kept he out of the public eye."
Guardian kept the frown on his face while eyeing Barry who quit the golden eyed look before speaking "Alright the High Council has a purpose for you Mister Beers as you're referred by them as Guard Beers. They do admit via me that they used to manipulate Mister Montreal in some game like way sometimes nasty and sometimes helpful. Now it's gotten to their attention that helping people is better than manipulating them like a game piece. I do warn you that the High Council might get bored of this method and start to manipulating things again in a nasty way. Excuse me for saying that since your eavesdropping Ramses by the mind scans of me."
He frowned to hear mentally "It's Walls. What Barry says is the truth regarding the High Council. They love to manipulate people even if it's in a nasty way. At the moment their just manipulating people in some helpful way like their doing towards Jinks Montreal down asleep with you taking his place in the public among the First Ones."
Guardian exhaled a breath hearing that as he saw Barry giving him a glare to sense Walls quit his mind scanning and spoke "Walls was telling me something regarding the High Council. Excuse me."
He clamped his mouth shut as Barry he eyed spoke in response "what else do you remember regarding Jinks and his association towards me in question?'
He frowned to shut his eyes to concentrate fully onto Jinks' memories of Barry to gasp while opening his eyes and spoke firmly "He saw you as his Father quite recently."
He kept his frown on his face while eyeing Barry as the Builder spoke "Yes you're correct on that association. What else do you remember involving Jinks' life before he was put down into some sleeping status hmm?"
Guardian frowned but shut his eyes to concentrate and then opened them to speak "His daughter told him to sleep and get rest but he refused to do that his memories of Katherine giving him nightmares. He would spend nighttime hours doing karate in the dubbed gym room of his residence. He kept up the karate in his bedroom after the butler a Builder got him out of that room into there. He avoided sleeping as a result started to look like he wasn't getting enough rest. His daughter made him oath that he'll sleep and get rest to give her away at a wedding ceremony. He didn't keep the oath. Tom, I guess that's him had to knock him down asleep which wound up triggering something called earthquakes. It's from Jinks suffering nightmares while sleeping that was triggering the earthquakes hence he down in Alexei's tube asleep at the moment. He's not sleeping too badly while in there from what I've seen of him."
Guardian cut his talk to eye Barry who spoke while jabbing a finger aimed at him "And what else do you see regarding Jinks' feelings towards Tom, husband of Victoria?"
He frowned to stare at the floor while concentrating onto the memories fully in his mind to speak while continued on staring "His feelings were mixed, all over the place towards Tom at first. Now he's got acceptance at the moment from knowing that Victoria is being taken care of while he can't do that job."
Guardian continued to stare at the floor to hear clapping noises to look up finding Barry was the noise's source to find the Builder giving him a golden eyed glare and a familiar facial expression making him gulp. 
He spoke firmly "Jinks has been hounding Victoria to find a male to pair herself to since she graduated from college. He wanted her to be protected and cared for by a male to do that job. She managed to balk till she admitted having feelings towards Tom to him. He sort of hounded her to make the pairing towards Tom official despite knowing he was a former servant of the High Council in question. Jinks wanted a male to take care of Victoria on a permanent basis like he did towards her from babyhood to teenager.”
Guardian clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Barry that kept the glare and golden eyed look who again pointed a finger aimed at him.
He spoke "Jinks has some thought that males should take care of females which doesn't matter if their paired to them or raising them as offsprings. I'm not even sure why he has that old fashioned thought at the moment. He does know that it's old fashioned but he still thinks that."
He frowned forming it on his face while eyeing Barry who folded his arms and quit the golden eyed glare to his relief.
He got from Barry "And what else am I known for that I don't seem to have at the moment?"
He sighed and spoke "Your cane. You're known for going around with a cane in your right hand. I don't see the exact reason why you don't have that cane at the moment, excuse me for saying that."
Guardian clamped his mouth shut to form a thin line as Barry gave him a glare before hearing from the Builder "I did go around with a cane. It was Alexei who insisted I quit the cane's use. It's from him saying that there are people getting suspicious of a deathless humanoid with a cane, hence he insisted, I lose that thing. Don't ask me further on what Alexei said, to lose my cane's usefulness."
He gave a head bob in response as Barry paused then spoke "Alright, I admit it. I have managed to talk to the people in Jinks' circle, mainly family’s members of the High Council's latest helpful idea, to help Jinks himself while he's down asleep. Their idea is to have you take his place as Jinks publicity."
He groaned softly hearing that as Barry continued talking "Jinks does have a twin dubbed Osiris by the High Council who's also known as Lance Richard. He was slated to take Jinks' place but the public wasn't fooled, instead have claimed this twin issue as a reason for Jinks' to stay out of the public eye. The High Council have their minds made up that you'll do as Jinks' replacement till he's recovered from his lack of no sleeping status. Alexei warns that his recovery period may be lengthy, judging by tests done onto Jinks. He says that Jinks' no sleeping status was lengthy and not overnight but seemingly for years or cycles, the High Council calls them, hence his sleeping period will possibly lengthy."
Guardian frowned to give Barry a head bob as the male paused to give him a glare before adding "Meritanians transport Mister Guard Beers to Jinks Montreal's residence now."
He found himself in a bedroom looking fancier looking that Alexei's by the looks of it to discover the shades dimly glowing of light. He heard a knocking sound on the door to the room he eyed to recall what the door knocking meant. Guardian darted into the bathroom due to recalling what it was for.

Guardian came out clad in Jinks' black clothes of a button top and pants that seemed odd to him and more richly felt on his form. He frowned feeling the clothes fit him including the undergarment he was wearing. He sighed and without a word willed forwards his Guardian ability he figured he'll call it and went to the door to yank it open from memory of Jinks doing it to glare at the butler a Builder in a suit with a bow tie. 
Guardian glared as the butler his mind identified him as Worthington spoke "Excuse me, sir, but its time for you to go take in nourishment now."
He heard the edge in Worthington's voice tone recalled Jinks pestering the butler on that voice tone who refused to speak the reason for it. He didn't say a word instead walked out of the bedroom recalling the route to the dining room sensing the butler not following as he heard a door slam behind. He ignored the noises to go to the dining room to sit down and eyed the table holding dishware of food and drink which he spotted utensils felt he hungry. 
He ate the food and drank the drink entirely before sitting back with a frown thinking to he "Bloody Hades, the food isn't twin to what I ate while in Egyptia. I do hope can keep it down this time."
He felt his mind scanned as he thought the thought to hear mentally "Its Kiddy. Jinks' servants were told of this switcheroo replacement actually. Their reaction is to make sure you do and act like Jinks period even publicity too. Alexei threw you in heavy tests to make sure that you could take in the nourishment Shadan produces despite you having a different ability for keeping down nourishment different from Jinks himself."
He frowned to mentally speak while hearing a pause from the female voice "Kindly tell me that Jinks kept his eating habits private from the public. I can't remember him doing that."
He heard from the female Meritanian in response "Jinks has kept up the habit of never taking any nourishment of any kind from people in public. He never bothers to eat or drink anything while attending public events that require nourishment to be taken in. I suggests you refrain from taking in nourishment publicity like Jinks does which doesn't matter if he's or you're hungry or not."
He frowned as the Meritanian Kiddy he assumed was her name quit her talking to sense his mind quit being scanned to get up recalling fully that Jinks habitually went to the gym room to practice karate soon after eating. He met Worthington on the way that spoke ahem sound and blocked his way. 
Guardian spoke firmly "Out with it, Worthington now!"
He glared at the butler who spoke "There are recorders in the gym room set to go off whenever the Master is in there practicing his karate. I do warn you that those recorders have been hacked publicity, by news affiliates, hoping to glimpse the Master in his residence. At the moment the recorders are currently set for the public to view, the Master doing his karate. I'm aware that your karate style is different from Shadan's karate including the style the Master does. I suggest you refrain from going into the gym room to do any karate till we are sure you can look twin to the Master's karate style."
He sighed and gave up a loud Humph sound to get Worthington giving him a golden eyed glare in response which he spoke firmly "Alright, where can I show the karate style I was taught and see if someone can teach me Jinks' karate style? I'm able to do karate myself enough to be limber and able to do a karate acrobatic move, to get up from the ground from my back, to land onto my feet."
He clamped his mouth shut to get Worthington jabbing a finger aimed at him which he recalled what it meant involving the Guardian ability in control willed it aside. He recalled Jinks dubbed it Master to his confusion despite recalling that his twin referred it as Source. 
Guardian frowned while eyeing Worthington who spoke "Just show me how limber you are by doing that onto the floor now."
He obeyed to do a perfect split favoring his left side and then rolled over onto his back to swing himself up with an acrobatic move before twisting to face the butler who gave up a Humph sound to his confusion.
Guardian spoke "Anything else you want me to demonstrate?"
He eyed Worthington who spoke "Actually which hand did you write with while you were in this Egyptia world as it's called?"
He spoke "I favored my left hand before having some kind of accident that caused me to start using my right hand for writing in. I still favor my left side for doing various things such as karate and handling of objects."
He frowned to eye the butler who spoke "Actually the Master habitually whenever doing karate doesn't favor any side when doing it. He varies his sides whenever it comes to doing karate. But he does favor his right side whenever it comes to doing his stretching exercises, he dubs by the word of Yoga, involving keeping himself limber."
Guardian groaned softly as Worthington added ignoring his noises "Demonstrate that you're limber on your right side now."
He obeyed to do a halting awkward split move while grimacing from his body whining in pain from it. He did the split before adjusting position to do his left side then his middle before adjusting himself to swing he up with an acrobatic move. 
Guardian eyed Worthington who spoke "Argh. You'll need the practice to favor your right side whenever doing stretching exercises."
He sighed softly and spoke "Does the Master as you refer him, write anything down or something like that?"
He eyed Worthington who gave up a Tsk sound before speaking "Actually the Master habitually doesn't write anything down publicity. His lack of writing anything publicity is fears of someone trying to trap him into a legal binding contract to make his life miserable and not keep his privacy, he cherishes. In private he writes with his right hand which is mostly letters to his descendants, correspondence between him and them. He mostly writes to his offsprings, via handwritten letters. But he has recently quit the letter writing instead has focused onto dictated by voice computer letters to people instead."
Guardian spoke as Worthington gave him a golden eyed glare "Yes, I do have memories of the Master fully in my mind. The information with a great deal of concentration can come to my mind enough to tell me what he does. I do request some training to fool the public into thinking I'm the Master himself."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Worthington who quit the golden eyed glare to his relief and felt pressure on his foot to see the butler jab a finger down. He looked down as if needing to do it to find an all white cat with longer fur batting his foot with its paw and appeared to be playing with his shoelaces.
Guardian recalled who the cat was spoken "The Master's residence cat Snowy who habitually likes to pounce onto people's feet, including not sparing his shoes' shoelaces either. He nicknamed her Pouncer due to her pouncing habit."
He eyed Worthington who gave a head bob in response to hear a meow from Snowy sounding in a questioning tone to resume looking at the cat that was appearing to be sniffing his foot making him sigh seeing that. He heard a Tsk sound from Worthington followed by the butler giving off ahem sound. Guardian recalled Jinks' reaction towards Snowy's sniffing his foot picked up the cat from memory to get Snowy squirming in his hands too much which he placed her onto his shoulder to wait patiently for the gonoid to accept him. Guardian got Snowy sniffing his ear and meowing loudly in a loud tone before getting off his shoulder and darting down the hallway running into a cat door he spotted into the wall. 
He eyed Worthington who spoke "Snowy's reaction towards you is the same she gives towards anyone new to her that picks her up for the first time. Don't worries the cat will get used to you, enough to see her as her companion. Excuse me, while I show you where you're to go, in another pressing matter, to go to."
Guardian frowned but followed the butler to an elevator to find Worthington gesturing him inside to spot two males inside wearing uniforms with guns in their hands that saluted seeing him. He recalled fully what Jinks was planning on doing before knocked down asleep by Tom. He went into the elevator willing forwards the Guardian ability he figured he'll refer it instead of by Jinks' word of Master. 
Guardian recalled Jinks' commanded voice order towards the elevator to go to the garage room spoke the commanded word firmly “Garage.” 
He found the doors to the elevator shutting while hearing ahem sounds from the guards as it went down. He recalled the, ahem noises to will aside the Guardian while folding his arms Jinks' style. Guardian waited impatiently as the elevator reached the garage room to walk out recalling where Jinks was going to find the vehicle a limo in black with black tinted windows and a Highlander in a uniform in front of it that opened a car door seeing him. He got inside the vehicle without a word and buckled up his seatbelt due to feeling like needing to do it. 
Guardian heard from the driver he assumed was the Highlander voice starting up the limo followed by hearing "Destination, sir on where to go?"
He recalled Jinks' worded instructions for the driver to drive him to the airport for the personal plane spoke the command for it “Just drive me to the airport.” 
He leaned back as the driver without a word drove the limo out of the building to spot a gathering of crowds near the building's entrance holding signs. Some holding presses equipment that ran towards the vehicle to gather around where he was sitting while flashing lights. Guardian formed a disgust expression on his face out of recalling Jinks' reaction towards that as the limo continued in driving ignoring the presses gathered near it. He found police cars arriving to escort the vehicle boxing it to the airport he spotted out the window reminded him of Mahalia's airport. He eyed the city he recalled dubbed New York City reminded him of Mahalia's industrial cities but didn't seem so cluttered with traffic bumper to bumper to him. It made him annoyed seeing that as the limo got to the airport followed by the driver driving the vehicle into a building's entrance while seeing the police cars broke off their escort. Guardian kept the look of disgust on his face as the limo arrived to an airplane seated inside the building and got let out of the vehicle by a guard. He kept the look on his face as the guard got him into the airplane. Guardian wound up spotting Jinks' daughter, Victoria inside the plane seated in a seat reading a book and looking annoyed who looked up to see him enter. He frowned forming it on his face recalling Jinks doing it whenever seeing Victoria after awhile of not seeing her.
Guardian got from Victoria "Tell Tom, once he boards not to peek into the bedroom's closet. That's where I got the dress for the wedding ceremony is contained."
He sighed softly and spoke hoping he sounded like Jinks "Alright, daughter mine, I'll tell him. Is there anything else?"
He eyed Victoria with a frown who spoke while giving him a glare "Sit down and buckle up, Daddy. You know what airplanes are for. I expect you to be sleeping during the lengthy ride to King Winter's Kingdom for this wedding ceremony. You look like you haven't gotten any rest, Daddy."
He didn't say a word in response went to sit in a seat opposite from Victoria to sit buckling up to lean back with eyes shut as he felt the plane move then take off in an odd way that seemed different from Mahalia's planes take off. He kept his eyes shut willing himself to keep them shut as the plane was felt flying in the air. Guardian recalled Jinks' memory of where Tom was. 
He recalled thinking to himself "Oh, must be already in King Winter's Kingdom setting up everything. I'm as Victoria's Father is to give her away at the wedding ceremony which seems a little odd to be held in King Winter's Kingdom."
He frowned to recall the exact reason for Victoria's wedding ceremony to grimace inwardly while keeping his eyes shut as he felt the plane's ride seemed lengthy to him which he wound up keeping his eyes shut during the entire trip. 

Guardian once on arrival to King Winter's Kingdom found it involved a giant iceberg with another plane there, with the plane landing on top of it and getting from Victoria, once on arrival "Ooh, I see that Tom has managed to arrive to there. Oh, come along with me, Daddy while I show you what you're to wear."
He obeyed to get up and followed Victoria to a bedroom to see her slam the door shut in a bang sound while giving him an all black eyed glare with arms folded making him nervous unexpectedly. 
Guardian got from Victoria "You need work on your accent to sound like my Dad. Your accent is terrible anyway. Where did the High Council find you?"
He sighed and spoke figuring the truth was best which he blurt to his shock "Off planet, where else?"
Guardian found himself annoyed with his wording to eye Victoria who quit the all black eyed look to show blue eyes in Human style to get from her "Alright, just keep people from getting into the room while I change. I'll need your help with zipping me up if you know what a zipper is."
He spoke "I do know what it is."
He frowned to get her gesturing to the room's door along with a turn around signal he recognized from Jinks' memories to obey to stand back to her while keeping a hand on the door keeping it shut. He kept the door shut to hear noises of Victoria making while in the room he refraining from turning around to see what the noises' source was. 
Guardian kept his back till Victoria sounded behind him "Argh, help me get into this ridiculous dress will you?"
He spoke "You want me to turn around and help?"
He got from Victoria "Just, do it. I'm covered up modesty."
He obeyed to frown finding the dress Victoria had in hand seemed big and puffy to him and looked too frilly to him. He eyed Victoria to find her dressed in a sleek dress of white and gave him a glare which he went up to her and helped her get into the pouf dress. He zipped her up from behind and helped her get on her high heeled boots onto her feet. 
Guardian spoke firmly as he helped Victoria put on the jacket with the dress "Who's idea was it for you to wear this?"
He got a Humph sound from Victoria followed by her speaking once the jacket was on covering her arms "I wrote a joke scene of a wedding in one of my Veronica Thomas' books, making fun of the fuss that brides go through in a wedding day. Turns out the public loved that book by that joke scene, enough to try to do it literally. They expect me to do this myself as some spoiled, rich, brat daughter, of a rich man. Besides shouldn't you be wearing the monkey suit involved with that? It's in the closet for you to put on."
He went to the closet as pointed out by Victoria's finger jabbing to find it was a small bathroom with a suit of clothes inside that made him think it was confining. 
Guardian spoke while eyeing Victoria looking like a big ball of white firmly "Why do you have to do what the public expects you to do, when you can do what you want? You got married your way legally from what I remember."
He got a loud Humph sound from Victoria who spoke firmly "Then help me out of this ridiculous dress then. I can't move in it. It's useless."
He obeyed to find her keeping on the sleek draped dress and put on the jacket over it while giving the dress a kick with her heeled boot.
He got a Humph sound from Victoria who added while eyeing him "You're useful in being my Dad, other than going along with what the public says. Anyway just put on the jacket and boots for your feet. I know my Dad very well that he'll balk wearing a suit for anything. He always goes around in what you're wearing but always ads a jacket and proper shoe wear for it."
Guardian didn't say a word went into the bathroom to grab the jacket he put on finding it fit him and picked up the boots to sit on the bed exchanging his shoes for them. He got a Tsk sound from Victoria once he was done putting them on over his black socked feet to eye her while standing up. 
Guardian frown eyeing Victoria spoke "Alright, Dad habitually favors his right hand whenever doing things including picking up things. You're favoring your left hand actually."
He sighed and spoke as a memory of Jinks' plane being recorded spoke "You sure this conversation isn't recorded?"
He got Victoria speaking in response "Dad used threats to make sure this plane didn't have recorders. He sort of allowed recorders onto Tom's plane actually. Besides I know if there are recorders anyway. I believe you can sense them yourself if you got the Master, as Dad calls it."
He willed forwards the Guardian while staring at Victoria to get her looking nervous before he willed it aside and got her shaking her head while trying to compose her. 
He frowned to speak loudly recalling what Jinks would say whenever wearing a jacket "I look like a butterfly."
Guardian got Victoria giving off a Humph sound before speaking "Let's get out of this room and wait to disembark the plane for the ceremony. You do know what you're supposed to do, hmm?"
He spoke recalling what Jinks was supposed to do "Escort you to Tom and give you away for the ceremony that is going to be recorded. It's going to be later broadcasted to the public at another time frame."
He got another Humph from Victoria as he without a word left the bedroom sensing her following him to find two females wearing pink dresses like Victoria gathered into the seating room that were giggling loudly seeing him. He frowned as they quit their giggling when Victoria walked out to see them frown while appearing to do double takes and looks of shock on their faces. Guardian willed forwards the mental ability to fold his arms giving the two females a glare to get them both gulping. 
He glared as one spoke "Alright, we switched the dresses for Victoria to wear with a pouf one. We were thinking a spoiled brat, like your daughter, should wear one."
He kept the glare as another female spoke sounding nervous like the first one "I don't want to be here for this ceremony. I got tossed into it by my Father, insisting that I, or my friend here, would catch Mister Montreal's eye, for a pairing to happen."
Guardian recalled Jinks' reaction to tricks like that spoke using the ability's voice speaking a Tsk sound. He glared at the females to find them both groaning while hiding their faces with their flowers they had in their hands and looking sad to him. 
He shifted to eye Victoria to find her speaking a Humph sound followed by going up to him and taking his right arm while adding "Just get this ceremony over with. I'm anxious to get out of doing any favors for King Winter for giving me Tom."
He didn't say a word heard a throat clearing noise from Victoria willed aside the Guardian to keep Victoria's hand on his arm. Guardian glared at the two females in pink finding them staring at the floor while still holding their flowers in their hands as he felt coldness arriving into the plane. 
He heard an awful sound grimaced from that noise fully inwardly to speak firmly "What is that ridiculous noise?"
He shifted to glare at the plane's entrance to find one of the guards there that was grimacing fully on his face before the male spoke loudly "Bagpipes is what's making that noise. It sounds like the ceremony is beginning."
He gave up Humph sound to eye the females looking no longer sad but acting happy to him while gestured to walk out of the plane one at a time by a guard. He found himself leading Victoria out of the plane to grimace inwardly from light shows flashing onto him and her going down the stairs together. He kept himself composed refraining from grimacing as he and Victoria reached the plane's steps to feel his senses blare warning unexpectedly. Guardian recalled Jinks' filming sense to realize his senses were blaring of it. He kept his face composed as he and Victoria followed the pink females to the middle of the planes where he spotted three suited up males one taller than the other and spotted a male dressed in a Man of Cloth uniform in black. He frowned inwardly as he led Victoria to the Man of Cloth to find the tallest male in suit going up towards her which he released Victoria's hand off his arm and shook hands with the male. He assumed he was Tom and found him giving him a narrowed glare but shook the expression away while eyeing Victoria as they both went to the Man of Cloth for the wedding ceremony. I don’t remember much of this ceremony but I remember now is of Guardian in the plane appearing to be groaning and asleep. Guardian groaned softly feeling the warmth of the plane while feeling it in motion. He sat in a chair seatbelt on feeling it flying in the air while having eyes shut. I wound up recalling the wedding ceremony was twin to Olivia's wedding ceremony involving a deity named Lance Richard. Victoria's wedding ceremony involved a lip lock and nothing else despite Olivia's involved just an exchange of rings and pledging an oath together as married. He groaned softly feeling a hand shaking his shoulder which he opened his eyes forming a glare on his face to find one of the guards thrusting him a bottle and making a drinking sign with his hand. He gripped the bottle and without a word opened it and proceeded to sip the strawberry milkshake as labeled for it down in a slow movement while forcing he to do it right handed instead of favoring his left hand side. He recalled used his left hand to shake hands with Tom hence the male giving him a glare in response. 
Guardian figured to he as he drank "Nice, going, should have used your right hand when doing that hand shaking bit. Dumb of me."
He sipped the drink and then thrust the bottle to the guard who took it then shut his eyes while forcing himself to resume a sleeping status only to recall fully in his mind that Jinks never took any nourishment from guards while in the plane due to fears of poisoning status hitting. He felt himself sick abruptly from the familiar throw up feeling hitting him indicating his body was going to give up a nourishment of poisoning status but it would take too much time for it to do the giving up. He kept his eyes shut willing he to keep his stomach contents down to find the plane landing which he opened his eyes and formed a glare on his face. Guardian once the plane landed got up escorted by guards to the familiar vehicle holding a Highlander driver to find Barry inside to his confusion as the door to the limo shut. He felt himself about to throw up got handed a bucket by Barry which he threw up into it as the driver drove the limo out of the airport to the city. He noticed wasn't escorted by police cars instead was slowly driving into the city of New York. Guardian threw up into the bucket finding he throwing up the entire contents of the drink and whatever nourishment was in his stomach. 
He groaned out "Dumb of me. I didn't realize that I shouldn't have taken any nourishment from the guards. Now they poisoned me in response."
He coughed to get a hand whacking the back of his head in response to stare at Barry who gave him a golden eyed glare and heard from the Builder "It's not poisoning actually, Mister Beers."
He quit his coughing to speak "Then what's going on?"
Guardian eyed Barry who spoke in response "Mister Beers, it appears that you have an allergic reaction to the nourishment Mister Montreal takes for gaining his strength back actually."
He frowned while thrust a napkin by Barry to wipe his mouth with it before focusing onto the Builder who added "I sympathize with what your going through, Mister Beers. I had similar reactions to foods and drinks I was allergic to. Always throwing it up entirely from my stomach including whatever was in there, hence the sickness you're suffering from."
Guardian spoke firmly "What else should I know regarding being sick with something?"
He frowned to get from Barry "Oh, in good time, you'll find out what it is. I prefer you to find out for yourself then being told of what it is."
Guardian groaned softly hearing Barry's words as Barry added "Meritanians transport me out now."
He found Barry disappearing in a light show to lean back in the seat eyeing out the window to find the sunlight was gone and that the city was lighted up with various too many lights all over the place. He eyed the city with ranges of emotions running through him as the limo arrived to Jinks' home building to find the crowd of people gone from there. He found guards coming out of the building looking armed with various gun weapons as the limo entered it followed by stopping to park in the garage he assumed was it. Guardian got let out by an armed guard to hear a throat clearing noise from the male. He willed the mental ability forwards recalling what the noises was for. 
He eyed the garage's entrance to find it shut with all the guards in sight to wave a hand towards it mentally speaking "Door lock." 
He found a wall of metal slamming down with a loud bang sound along with hearing a faint humming noise of electricity coming from it. Guardian recalled Jinks reaction to that glared at the guard in response who jerked his head towards the elevator he recalling the guard's reaction as always. 
He went to the elevator keeping the Guardian ability in control to get inside and spoke "Castle."
Guardian found the doors shutting while hearing ahem noise from the twin guards to will aside the mental ability. He found the elevator going up after giving off a light show to his annoyance and recalled fully that Jinks was always annoyed by the computer recognizing him to move. He kept the glare as the elevator reached Jinks' quarters to find Worthington there that gave up a Tsk sound loudly making him annoyed as he walked out. 
Guardian glared at the butler who spoke "Come with me now."
He obeyed to follow Worthington to the dining room instead of the bedroom to his annoyance. 
He frowned as Worthington added "Mister Beers, kindly refrain from taking any nourishment while out in public even if it's from the guards in question. You're displaying this blue lined look this Tom, your son-in-law displayed, whenever he was sick with something."
Guardian eyed his hand to discover a blue lined look indicating of veins clearly seen to groan loudly as Worthington he eyed faded from view to his confusion while hearing banging sounds. He found two doors in the room swinging went to them to peer to find that they led to the kitchen with the butler inside that was busy whispering to a male dressed in a cook's uniform. He frowned to quit peering and went to sit down at the dining table to find a female wearing a maid's uniform doing a double take look seeing him while carrying a tray holding dishware in her hands. He frowned as the female put the tray in front of him and heard a throat clearing noise from her. Guardian recalled Jinks called her Roberta and that her throat clearing noises was speak for him to take in the nourishment. He obeyed to take in the nourishment in a polite way of using utensils and sipping the drink of watered milk from the taste fully. He discovered the food was some kind of soup that had food that crunched in his mouth as he bit into it with a spoon spooning it up. 
Guardian took his time eating and drinking before once done spoke "Excuse me, but your name is Roberta, is it not?"
He eyed Roberta who did a double take look before hearing her speaking "Yes, the name is Roberta, Mister Beers. Kindly refrain from going into the gym room to do any exercising. I knowing Mister Thunder with his skin problems usually sleeps sitting up while in the TV room, so soon after taking in his nourishment. Besides Mister Thunder doesn't do any exercising whenever he's displaying this sick look of his. He takes in nourishment then goes to the TV room, to sleep it off, while sitting up from the couch. I suggest you do the same if you know what a couch is."
Guardian spoke "Worthington, is it his job to show me this room your talking about?"
He found Worthington in the room as Roberta removed the tray and carried it into the kitchen which he eyed the butler who spoke "Come with me now."
He obeyed to follow the butler to the TV room from memory of it fully to discover a two seat couch in the room on his left with a flat screened TV on the wall off his right. 
He eyed Worthington who spoke once they were in the room "I expect to find you asleep on the couch sitting up next time I stop by, Mister Beers. The Master always uses this room for sleeping off sicknesses hitting him and for sleeping so soon after taking in nourishment. I suggest you take the habit period."
He gave a head bob in response went to sit onto the couch and sat leaning back shutting his eyes to find himself falling backwards hitting a metallic floor with a grunt sound. Guardian felt his arms grabbed by the Falcons again and lifted up to stand he finding himself in the High Council's presence again making him annoyed. He found Tom there minus his suit but this time was only clad in pants baring his chest and arms that were folded while giving him a glare of accusation with his black Human eyes making him nervous unexpectedly. 
Guardian shifted to eye the High Council in response to hear from Shad the male speaker from Jinks' memory "Spill it, Tomcat, on why you weren't fooled into thinking this First One wasn't Horus, himself."
He kept his mouth shut while eyeing Tom in response to hear from the male appearing to ignore the use of tomcat for his name "He shook hands with me left handed. Horus always does this hand shaking bit with his right hand towards me always. It's never his left hand period."
Guardian grimaced inwardly from the hypnotic voice tone of Tom's to find Barry appearing in a light show giving Tom a golden eyed glare in response who he saw appeared to gulp from the glare. 
He heard from Tom in response "Alright, Jinks always has this eyed look whenever he saw me as always. I didn't see it from this First One, twin, when he laid eyes onto me, hence I figured he was someone else and not himself."
He again grimaced forming it on his face from Tom's voice to eye Barry in response to hear from the Builder "Meritanians transport Mindbender out now."
He frowned finding the order obeyed to continue to eye Barry as if needing to do it to find the Builder giving him a glaring stare with eyes golden and jabbing a finger aimed at him while speaking "Talk on what your opinion is regarding Tom the moment you met him?"
Guardian spoke firmly while eyeing Barry "His voice is hypnotic, when he talked. Besides he made me nervous when he gave me a glare aimed at me. I'm nervous being around him anyway."
He clamped his mouth shut with a frown to eye Barry to get from a Speaker in response "Interesting reaction towards Mindbender, himself. We do not get it how Horus avoided the fear emotion whenever he met Mindbender, even for physical battle fights, we had them both thrown in. It was just to get Horus to suffer fear from being in Mindbender's presence."
He frowned to find the Falcons' holds on his arms gone but felt their hands on his shoulders as he eyed Barry in response to get from Shad despite Onya was the previous speaker "Meritanians transport Guardian out of our presence now."
He found himself back into the TV room minus Falcons to sit down onto the couch leaning back and shut his eyes only to feel himself thrown backwards to land onto something dirt like making him annoyed. He opened his eyes forcing himself to get up in a fast move awkwardly to find Tom in vicinity giving him a glare while raising hands up fisted aimed at him and making a come gesture with his left hand. 
Guardian groaned softly as he heard "Guardian, fight Mindbender using your combative art training now!"
He groaned softly sensing himself filmed from the familiar senses hitting him obeyed to fight Tom he figured from memory was dubbed Mindbender by the High Council and a former servant of them. Guardian found Tom fighting him using different karate fight style along with a very limber ability to kick aimed at him. He found himself fighting Tom hesitantly till the male got a hold of his neck to dangle him in a fast move while appearing to not strain from that. Guardian didn't panic instead used karate to get himself freed from Tom's hand grip who still used the glare onto him and resumed kicking and fisting him. 
He during a bout of kicking and fisting got Tom speaking "Your karate sucks, Guardian as you're called."
He grimaced from the hypnotic voice tone while pausing from fighting finding Tom ignoring his pausing attempts only to get the male continued on insulting him on his karate. Guardian felt his mood plummet after Tom kept up his insults which he gave up a loud roar and charged full body attack onto the male who stepped aside and tripped him. He coughed out the mouthful of dirt getting into his mouth and rolled over finding Tom slamming a foot bare onto his chest and displaying a creepy golden eyed look with jaw extended and having fanged teeth while having a bony hand waving in his eyesight as he felt deadweight hitting him. 
Guardian mentally spoke "Shield."
He found his shield command refused to budge the paralysis he was feeling as Tom removed his foot he saw and found himself flying up in the air to land into Tom's bony hand's grip in a dangle hold while limply held in the male's hand. 
He mentally spoke in response "Shouldn't you be up and awake?"
Guardian stiffened from his worded thought as he felt himself hitting the floor along with paralysis gone from him to feel an earthquake like shaking all over the place. He grunted while lying on the dirt ground feeling the area shaking to eye Tom in response finding the male was flat on the ground with bony look gone from him and appeared to be pinned to there. Guardian felt the earthquake quit to his relief to sit up with a start while eyeing Tom swinging himself up with an acrobatic move to stand with arms folded and a glare of accusation in his eyes aimed at him. 
He frowned while eyeing Tom in response making himself nervous as the male jabbed a finger aimed at him and spoke "Quit the damned earthquakes now, Guardian."
Guardian heard in response blaring "Actually High Council it's not Guardian making those earthquakes. It's the one who's name you hate doing it. He figured out how to astral project again. He's there in astral projection form at the moment and is aware of the situation of this hissing fit he calls Mindbender having towards Guardian."
Guardian frowned hearing Ramses' voice tone to hear nothing more from the Meritanian to find the filming sense stop to his relief but remained sitting on the dirt ground while eyeing Tom. 
He eyed Tom who snarled loudly "Jeez Ramses. Why couldn't you just say that it was Jinks doing that earthquake instead of blaming his twin doing it? I know those earthquakes too well that its Jinks doing it and not his twin."
Guardian got an image of a male clad in black from the waist up having his face flashing in his mind followed by hearing as Tom looked away "So you're the latest stunt the High Council is pulling onto me, as in knocking me down, asleep, with you a puppet, to take my place. Humph."
Guardian stiffened hearing the creepy voice tone sounding in his mind to again get the familiar filming sense which he swung himself up with an acrobatic move noticing Tom watching him. 
He eyed Tom warily as he heard blared "The High Council didn't say that this fight is over with, fighters. So continue on fighting now."
He saw Tom form a sneering glare in response while having hands fisted up and found himself no longer creep out of fear by Tom's black eyes glaring at him. He raised his hands fisted and without another word charged towards Tom as the male met his charge. Guardian found himself fighting better without restraining himself and found Tom seemed stronger than he appeared despite kicked or fisted on. 
He found himself ignoring Tom's taunting insults “Your karate sucks!” 
He kept on getting related to his karate to respond by kicking and fisting harder onto Tom who quit the insulting to his relief. Guardian fisted and kicked at Tom finding the male was only fighting defensively and refraining from offensively fighting back. 
He spoke loudly during a fist aimed at Tom's front only to get it blocked "What kind of fight is this? Why am I doing the fighting while you're just blocking me from touching you?"
He glared at Tom to see the male quit his fight stance to fold his arms while glaring in a direction away from him. He looked to find Barry limply walking off balanced into view who gave him a golden eyed glare. 
Guardian spoke firmly "Alright, you don't know what my karate looks like hence I fighting this ridiculous battle."
He glared at Barry finding himself annoyed with the High Council to get the Builder speaking "Meritanians transport Tom out and put him down asleep with Victoria for him to get his rest now."
He found Tom disappearing in a light show to resume keeping his glare aimed at Barry as the Builder added "Yes, the High Council was curious to know what your karate looked like, hence this ridiculousness to happen. Anyway they now know what it looks like actually, so I'll tell you. Its twin to the karate style used by the Shadonia, another species that lives on Shadan underwater and out of sight of the First Ones, living on the State Territory Mainland, as they call the First Ones' home land. The First Ones are aware of the Shadonia but the High Council has made it clear that contact between either species shouldn't be allowed. Hence there's no Shadonia living with First Ones in their home land or the same for First Ones living with them either."
Guardian frowned to recall fully in his mind a memory of what the Shadonia species looked like a twin to Breaker's look but this time had all white eyes and dark black skin and curly black hair and tall heights. 
He frowned to give Barry a head bob to find the Builder speaking "Meritanians transport Guardian back to Horus's home residence and put him down asleep now." 
Guardian found himself back in Jinks' TV room to feel the filming resume to his annoyance. Guardian went to the couch to sit leaning back shutting his eyes to pass out unconscious, to come to hearing a loud siren like noise sounding in his ear. He lurched up in a fast move to find Worthington in the room holding an object in his hand that made him think it was some kind of recorder. 
He eyed Worthington who cut the siren's sound before speaking "Your hygiene for starting each day is a shower and new clothes I put there, for you to wear. That includes doing something about the mess of your hair. I don't want to know how you got dirt onto your clothes and hair. So get off the couch while I go see about cleaning the mess you made onto there."
He frowned to get up discovering his clothes were stained of yellow dirt which he didn't say a word towards Worthington walked out of the TV room sensing the filming resume as he went to the bedroom. He sensed the filming continued even while in the bathroom to his annoyance staring at himself in the mirror still clad in his clothes.
Guardian mentally spoke after willing forwards the Guardian ability "Why is there cameras recording my move even in here?"
He got an image of himself flashing in his mind followed by hearing "I blame the High Council for their nosiness of recording every single one of my moves while I lived in this residence."
He exhaled a breath as he heard himself he figuring it was really Jinks communicating with him "Besides get used to that filming. The High Council got me saying words of loyalty after throwing various bad situations aimed at me over and over. So shower now while you're at it. You look ridiculous."
Guardian glared at the mirror but obeyed to dump the clothes and boots onto the floor and entered the shower stall turning on the water to heat toleration levels. 
He mentally spoke "Jinks, is that you communicating with me?"
Guardian heard in response "Who else were you expecting, Guardian?"
He rubbed shampoo into his hair finding it helped get rid of the griminess of dirt in his hair. 
Guardian spoke mentally as he washed and cleaned himself "I thought you were down asleep as said by the High Council?"
He got from Jinks in response "Will that status you dub Guardian, Guardian. It's not needed when communicating with me."
He obeyed to wash the soap and shampoo off of him to hear from Jinks again "The High Council according to Lance Richard, my twin, found me too troublesome to control to their whims. I wasn't a willing participant to their control every time, hence they having you taking my place, for them to control and do whatever they want to be done."
Guardian finished washing off the soap and shampoo left the shower stall to find a towel on a heated rack which he took and dried himself fully before looking around for clothes. He found Jinks' familiar clothes hung on a clothes hanger behind the door which he took including finding shoes appearing to be sneakers there. 
He put on the clothes including putting on the underwear and socks then grabbed the shoes to hear from Jinks again "Ramses and his sisters are aware of me in this astral projection form at the moment. I'm surprised that their blaming my twin for causing those earthquakes instead of saying anything about me being there. They usually talk whenever I or my twin is here in this position. Just be warned whatever Ramses and his sisters say the High Council and whatever mind walker tuned to them on the High Council's home base can hear them all over the place. Even I and a few others who aren't mind walkers weren't spared of hearing them talk."
Guardian put on Jinks' shoes he forcing himself to try to do it right handed way. He finding himself a failure doing the shoes' tying did it left handed way. He picked up the hairbrush hearing nothing more from Jinks as he eyed himself in the mirror to find his hair was in a mess to him. 
Guardian eyed the hairbrush in his left hand groaned softly while thinking "Bloody Hades, I got to start using my right hand for things like handshaking instead of my left hand. It sucks when I'm left handed and Jinks is right handed."
He heard from Jinks as he brushed his hair right handed awkwardly "Forget the right handed bit. Just focus onto being left handed except in karate. I'm always right handed in karate and when it comes to stretching. I'm all over the place when it comes to using either hands for handshaking you call it and other things for hand's use."
Guardian frowned while eyeing himself in the mirror. He switched hands with the hairbrush and brushed his hair expertly with the left hand holding the hairbrush. He eyed himself once done to put the hairbrush down and walked out of the bathroom to find Worthington in the bedroom standing near the open doors.
He gave Worthington a glare who spoke "Mister Beers, you have duties as the Master that requires a shorter time in the shower including a shorter time getting ready."
He groaned softly to rub a hand on his forehead before speaking after hearing a Tsk sound from the butler "Alright, anything else I should know regarding the Master's grooming?"
Guardian eyed Worthington who spoke "The Master is always short when it comes to his grooming and time cleaning himself in the private room period."
He removed his hand and spoke "Fine, Worthington is breakfast ready for me to take in?"
He got from the butler "It's ready while I go see about straightening up the mess you made in the private room with the clothes."
He sighed and without a word went to the dining room to find on the table was a tray holding dishware of nourishment he felt himself terribly hungry sat down in a fast move. 
Guardian heard "I always take in nourishment slow regardless of how hungry I was."
He sighed softly hearing Jinks' comment in his mind obeyed to take his time eating the food and drinking the drink while sensing himself still filmed to his annoyance. 
Guardian once done got up from the table to hear from Jinks "Call for Worthington, since its obvious your doing something else than practice karate in the gym room, like I habitually do after taking in nourishment. I saw what the butler did to keep you out."
He frowned to yell "Worthington!"
He found the butler appearing next to him in an apparent fast speed move which he spoke "What am I doing to work off my nourishment to keep my fitness level up? You kept me out of the gym room as it's dubbed due to recorders in there hacked. So let me know what I'm to do."
He got from Worthington "Actually I'm ordered to lead you to the TV room where you're to view some recording in the recording machine. I'll show you how to turn the recorder on for viewing but that's it as far as I'm helping you. I have my orders, Mister Beers."
He frowned to follow Worthington to the TV room to find the butler picking up a remote control device from the couch's table and handed it to him he got instructions on how to turn on the TV and recorder. He found Worthington once done left the room in a fast speed move while shutting the double doors. Guardian frowned sensing himself still filmed went to sit on the couch and turned on the TV finding a blank blue screen blared on it. He sighed and turned on the recorder to show a room that didn't look like it was on the large size to him and seemed small. He frowned as a figure entered the room he recognized as Jinks who fell into a perfect split focusing onto his right side and proceeded to do stretching exercises. He saw the exercises were different from his stretching and seemed focused onto keeping limber status. He watched as Jinks swung himself up with an acrobatic move and began doing karate movements. Guardian continued to watch as Jinks did a Kata he assumed he was doing favoring both hand sides. Guardian kept watching as Jinks paused his Kata with a hand fisted and right hand over the fist while standing ram rod straight. He kept on watching as Jinks did karate drills he saw first focused onto his right side too much before doing them with his left side in a weak attempt.
He thought to himself as he watched the recording of Jinks' drilling "Jinks, your focused too much on your right side when it comes to doing karate drills and don't bother practicing your left side very good."
Guardian got in response Jinks' blaring "Just wish someone bothered to tell me of that when I practiced karate. I always assumed I was doing ok in karate when it appears I'm not."
He frowned to continued on eyeing the recording to find the screen turn blue as if recording ended to hear an ahem sound to find Worthington in the room. 
He got up and spoke "Something I should know regarding this recording?"
Worthington he eyed spoke "Actually, I'm ordered to bring you to the elevator, where you're to go to the garage, for an outing involving Mister Thunder that is a requirement of living in this city."
He frowned to give a head bob in response to put the remote down onto the table and followed Worthington to the elevator which he recalled Jinks' command for the elevator to move to the garage room spoke it while having the Guardian ability in control. He heard nothing from the guards on the ability in control as the elevator went down he recalling on Jinks was used as the one who unlocked the garage's blast door using mental abilities. He kept his mind blank as he went out of the elevator once reaching the garage to find the blast doors down.
He waved a hand while mentally speaking "Door unlock."
Guardian found the blast doors remained sitting to hear from Jinks "Its 'Doors unlock'."
He obeyed to mentally speak "Doors unlock."
Guardian found the garage's blast door lifting up in a fast move. He went to a limo due to finding a Highlander driver in front of it that opened the car door seeing him. Guardian got inside and buckled up his seatbelt hearing the driver get inside and start up the car using voice commands. 
He spoke mentally "What's this outing involving Tom anyway?"
Guardian heard in response "It's Walls. The outing involving Tom aka Mindbender is, coaching him in some ridiculous fighting karate sport, named Extreme Brock Baxter with an opponent. It's just to earn money for charity after he wins a fight as said by the judges judging the event. Tom always focuses the fights only in New York City and no where else. He has refused to fight opponents elsewhere than New York City despite how scared he is made to be by the presses blares it."
He mentally spoke while sensing Walls still scanning him "I don't get it why Tom is doing this fighting in this sport you call it ridiculous."
Guardian got from Walls in response "Tom made an oath to an offspring not his, but someone else's that he'll fight those fights for charity that helps gain monies for helping out people, not just offsprings suffering from end of the life medical ailments. The charity fights has helped Tom keep up the practice of targeting humanoids in physical battles something he seems to enjoy doing."
Guardian mentally spoke "Interesting. Then what's with Jinks coaching him?"
He heard "It's on the orders of the High Council to have Horus do this. His twin wound up doing the order but seemed clueless on how to coach Tom in fights. His twin instead let Tom figure out how to do it something people wound up pointing out that twin situation. That it wasn't Horus coaching but someone else. I got to warn you that the High Council from seeing you figured out a way of having Horus underneath their control which is having you posing as him and acting underneath their orders period."
Guardian formed a disgusted expression on his face as he eyed out the window to see the limo stopping in front of a building with people appearing to be presses gathered outside. He kept the look of disgust as Walls was felt quitting on scanning him to his relief to find the presses forming an aisle to show Tom clad in black clothes appearing to be sweats while holding a duffle bag walking through them ignoring the presses. He kept the disgusted expression on his face as Tom entered the limo slamming the door and put on the seatbelt to give him a glare with golden eyes seen. 
Guardian felt himself not nervous from Tom's golden eyed glare to speak firmly "I saw a recording of Jinks doing karate. He's both hands' sides when doing Kata, but focuses too much on his right hand's side when doing drills. He's terrible with his left hand's side."
He leaned back folding his arms giving Tom a glare in response to find the male jabbing a finger aimed at his eyes and pointing the finger aimed at him. Guardian exhaled a breath and willed aside the mental ability. 
He spoke "Sorry, I forgot I had that in control hence you upset with me."
He clamped his mouth shut while rubbing a hand on his forehead as he felt the limo move into the city as he heard from Tom "Jinks never publicity displays that look to people in presses' recorders' sights unless they ask him to do it. He doesn't do it at my fights either. I lose fights if I display my Berserker side to opponents in fights and have to pay their winner's fees. That's how I'm allowed to fight in this sporting event in question." 
Guardian looked at Tom finding the male not displaying a golden eyed look which he spoke sensing the male wanted him to talk "Your Berserker side involved something to do with your jaw and hands changing?"
He got from Tom speaking "Yes that's it. Besides Builders are allowed to fight as long as they don't flare golden eyes whenever their fighting opponents. It's the same towards me with my golden eyes but I'm not a Builder. I do have that eyes changing ability but I can't display it along with my Berserker side at fights. It's not allowed."
Guardian recalled Jinks' knowledge of Tom being an actor in a TV series involving vampires spoke "What's going on with your TV series your acting in, if you don't mind me for asking?"
He eyed Tom who spoke "The public got a little crazy for my character to be vampire as their dubbed, for blood sucking species, dubbed Drainers that do live in Shadan, isolated only come here to feed and translate in return. Except the public made it clear that my vampire character was to be partially Drainer or something to do with that species and nothing to do with an ancient Earth legend, involving Humans who were vampires themselves. They didn't agree to the way the character was going and trashed the TV series, hence my character wound up killed off. I'm still used for stunts for the TV series' main character, a cop to fight physical choreographed karate battles, either stunting for him or stunting for a fighter. The series is still ongoing at the moment but this time focused onto a cop as the main character fighting karate, by how the public has said to want to see that."
Guardian frowned as Tom gave off a Humph sound which he spoke "Your acting career, excuse me, for asking but how is it going?"
He eyed Tom who looked at him and spoke "The acting career has stalled at the moment. Not many people are asking me to act into TV series or movies. They only seemed interested in using me for stunts in actors' places when it comes to fighting in physical battles. The stuntmen's association has contacted me quite recently for registering into their group for doing other stunts, other than just physical combative art battles. 
It was Victoria who told me ‘Your to find something else than joining that group.’ 
She didn't want me to get hurt even if it's on purpose or something stunt like. 
Hence I in this fighting sport something Victoria told me ‘You’re to focus only in New York City and no where else period.’"
Guardian spoke as Tom paused to give him a golden eyed glare "I'm told that the High Council ordered Jinks to coach you which his twin tried but did a terrible job at hence I here to do it."
He leaned back into the seat to get a growling noise from Tom to look at the male finding him displaying his Berserker side in response to his wording to feel his mind scanned unexpectedly.
He heard blared in his mind "This is my Berserker side. It's got mental abilities involving moving things and killing people including mind scanning people. Highlanders mind scanning me can trigger the Berserker side in control by talking to me mentally. Hence Highlanders forbidden from attending any fighting matches between two Humans including the sport I'm in."
Guardian exhaled a breath hearing Tom's mental voice blaring in his mind as the male quit the Berserker side to give him a golden eyed glare. Guardian recalled Jinks' memory involving told of the male's Berserker side fully in mind including the dubbed High Council name of Mindbender.
He spoke firmly "I do recalled being told what your Berserker side involves. Who else knows of this other than me?"
He frowned while eyeing Tom who spoke "Victoria knows of the Berserker side but I haven't asked her if she knows anything else involving it. I have no intentions to ask her that question and don't make me ask her that. She laid down the law that I wasn't to tell her anything involving the Berserker side period, something the High Council insisted that I obey."
Guardian exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak "Well, coaching you in fights? What do you expect me to do, hmm?"
He eyed Tom who stopped the golden eyed look to speak "Just watch my fights and tell me your opinion on what you think I should be doing towards my opponent as in trying to knock him out. Also tell me what my opponent is doing in the fight towards me to figure out a battle plan to avoid his attempts to knock me out."
Guardian spoke "Would you kindly explain this sporting fight of Extreme Brock Baxter is to me and its rules involving fights?"
He got a detailed explanation from Tom as the limo arrived to the fight arena's building a hotel from the looks of it. 
Tom spoke, he heard, firmly once the limo was parked at the curb with presses gathered there in an aisle "No fighting the presses with fists even if they used that onto you. 
You're like me to speak 'No Comment.' 
Mostly towards them thrusting microphones and recorders into us for anything involving whatever they ask or say to us. Their not allowed into the hotel lobby who's registering people paid to watch this fight some who wishes to be private and not publicity known for watching this so let's get out of here."
Guardian formed a glare on his face obeyed to follow Tom out of the limo slamming the door to find the presses' lights were glaringly bright onto him and the male along with hearing multiple voices speaking chatter talk all over the place annoying him. 
He didn't say a word followed Tom through the aisle ignoring people to enter the hotel lobby to see a cop come up to the male and speaking loudly "Please come with me now."
Guardian didn't comment a word followed Tom following the cop taking multiple stairwell routes up and down including some area that looked stinky and disgustingly like a basement to him making him disgusted seeing that. He eyed Tom who ignored the smell to his annoyance to enter a doorway as gestured by the cop who held up a hand towards him. Guardian sensed himself filmed unexpectedly making him annoyed with that sense despite not sensing it the moment he entered the stairwells to the stinky room. 
He frowned as the cop halted his walk to speak "A moment of your time, Mister Montreal."
Guardian kept his mouth shut in response to form a glare while eyeing the cop who proceeded to instruct him on proper behavior coaches of the fight were allowed to know of including the talk of rules of the fight Tom told him of. 
He kept his mouth shut in response to fold his arms looking annoyed to speak once the cop finished talking "Then what's with this ridiculous trip to this smelly place sir? Explain yourself now."
Guardian kept the glare aimed at the cop while willing forwards his mental ability to get the male gulping before speaking sounding firm "There's no separate locker room for fighters to change into. If you're a patron of this hotel then the hotel could give you a room for the fighter to change into. He'll have to put up with the boiler room hence the stink and put up with keeping his stuff there in question. Fighters' stuff isn't allowed at the arena other than bottle of nourishment to drink."
He kept the glare aimed at the cop while narrowing his eyes to get the male gulping again before adding "Sir, I was ordered via the hotel to treat your fighter this way unless you pay them a monthly fee, in a huge high price of one hundred thousand dollars a month, is when they would give you a hotel room set aside for this. Excuse me, I'm just doing what I was ordered and I can't do anything about the orders. My job is riding on doing hotel security for this hotel in question, including this inappropriate treatment towards your fighter, you're coaching."
Guardian heard within his mind unexpectedly "Liar."
He felt confusion hitting him as Jinks’ blared in his mind "Actually that's speak for my lie detecting ability telling me whenever a person lied to me. It'll always say the word liar in my mind."
Guardian spoke firmly as the cop appeared to compose himself "Tell me the bloody fool who put you up for this stunt?"
He got the cop widening his eyes of shock before the male spoke "You'll find your fighter knocked out asleep in the boiler room suffering from some sleeping gas put into there, the moment the door was shut. Only I know what the cure that’ll wake him up is. So I have something I want you to sign if you want your fighter to wake up period."
Guardian kept his arms folded as the cop produced a pad appearing to be a computer screen like object from a pocket and began tapping onto it as he heard from the male "I want you to authorize a twelve month deposit of one hundred thousand dollars a month into this bank account for me to wake up your fighter. He'll be suffering from some sickness such as needing to be hospitalized a month to breathe this kind of oxygen to kill off the gas which is going to take one standard human year for it to happen. Only I have the authorization to submit this oxygen onto this fighter of yours to fight. I'll give my word once the monthly deposit is put into this bank account for me."
Guardian kept his mouth shut in response to see the cop holding up the computer pad and adding "I need a scan of your thumbprint, Mister Montreal, for the money to be authorized."
He heard from Jinks "Twins don't have the same thumbprint and neither do any Humans born in Shadan. I'm pretty sure your thumbprint is different from mine."
Guardian held up a hand showing his thumb and kept his mouth shut in response as the cop waved the computer pad over it before hearing a beep sound in response then walked away chuckling softly.
He spoke firmly while turning around to face the cop walking away "What about my fighter like you said?"
He eyed the cop who turned around smirking some smile and spoke "Sorry sucker, he's your responsibly and not mine. I got what I want which is your entire money fortune into my bank account to do what I want. I can now quit this stupid job. Excuse me."
Guardian felt his feet become deadweight making him annoyed as the cop walked away still chuckling as he saw the male fly into the wall appearing to look pinned into it. He frowned to find movement off his right to look to find Tom in sight displaying his Berserker side while still clad in his clothes. He felt confusion hitting him as the cop he saw got flown backwards to bang form onto another wall dropping the computer pad in hand. Guardian found his feet no longer deadweight went to the computer pad to stomp a foot onto it finding it smashed into pieces as the cop got flown into the air and got form hovering while having form still. He went to the cop's front finding the cop was moving his mouth. 
Guardian eyed the cop's mouth as if drawn to find himself able to lip read the male saying "Smashing my computer pad isn't going to do anything. The money is still deposited into my account for my family to have once I'm gone."
He heard blared in his mind unexpectedly "Hey High Council, its Ramses speaking for Alexei. He noticed one not shown difference involving this Guardian declared twin of Horus. Their thumb and fingerprints are different and not the same or alike. So if anyone is trying to gain Horus' monetary wealth via Guardian's fingerprint won't be gaining anything. There's another difference to the twinning is Guardian has a scar on his left arm marking him that way. Oh Alexei confesses that he didn't remove the scar off Horus' face instead left it there just to mark him on knowing who's who. He's aware of the one who's name you hate hearing's existence and hasn't marked him with any scarring or anything to say who he is. Instead he left the scar on Horus's face to mark him as Horus and the scar on Guardian's left arm to mark him as Guardian himself."
He eyed the cop in response as Ramses quit his blaring to find the male was still mouthing his familiar words. 
Guardian spoke firmly hearing Tom's growling noises "What should we do to this bloody fool in question?"
He heard blared in his mind "Its Walls. Just dump him onto the floor and let him run. Police got you monitored enough to arrest him for that stunt played."
He spoke sensing Walls quit "Tom, put him down and let him leave now. I have an idea for gaining that money back so get him out of here now!"
He glared at Tom who obeyed to see the cop drop to the floor that scrambled up in a fast move with fear in his eyes seen. 
Guardian spoke firmly "Get out of here now!"
He found the cop darting away running out of sight as he heard nothing from the cop. 
He added "The nerve of that bloody fool."
Guardian eyed Tom in response that willed aside the Berserker side to speak "My opponent sent me a letter that he was fighting for charity this time. It's another damn joke by this miserable excuse, of a cop, to gain your monetary fortune. I'm sick of this joke status done onto you, me and Victoria, repeatedly over and over. It's annoying."
Guardian spoke firmly after willing aside the mental ability "You do know how to get out of stinker?"
He eyed Tom who gave up a disgust sound to pick up his duffle bag sitting on the floor and without a word led the way out to the hotel lobby to find the hotel clerk doing a double take look before picking up the phone and whispering onto it. 
He found himself able to lip read the clerk saying “I’m calling for a driver to pick up Tom Thunder but only to pick up the male up and leave Mister Montreal here with us.” 
Guardian felt himself annoyed to think to himself "Bloody Hades! The cop blabbed of the money stealing to the hotel clerk who's got a hotel room for me since my home is useless."
He heard in response "It's not what you think."
Guardian frowned hearing Jinks' wording kept his mind blank in response as he shifted to eye the hotel's entrance to find another cop going up towards Tom and speaking loudly "Mister Thunder, would you come with me, please?"
Guardian watched as Tom left the hotel shifted to glare as another cop arrived a female going up towards him and speaking "Mister Montreal, would you come with me, please?"
He obeyed to find the female leading the way pass the gathering presses outside flashing various lights aimed at him and asking various questions he heard “We’re asking involving how Mister Montreal got his face cleared up of the scarring.” ignored answering. 
He followed the female into a van with black tinted windows to sit in the middle next to the female while noticing other cops in the vehicle. 
Guardian kept his mouth shut as the female gave him a look that creep him out with her eyes and added speaking "Your hand print, please?"
He frowned finding her holding a hand size computer pad in her hand he noticed she was handed it by a cop in the rear seat. 
He obeyed to place his hand onto it to hear "No match. File not found."
Guardian exhaled a breath to frown as the female's eyes narrowed in a glare aimed at him before she spoke "Care to explain this sir since you're obviously not Mister Montreal?"
He inhaled to hear from Jinks "Just mention the words 'I came off planet to help out Mister Montreal's privacy and his monetary situation.'"
Guardian obeyed to speak it firmly while eyeing the female cop who spoke in response "You have a name for us to register you as required by law?"
Guardian spoke "Guard Beers."
He got snickering like laughter from a cop off his right to give the male a glare and willed forwards the Guardian to get the male cutting his noises. 
He resumed looking at the female who held up a pen like flashlight device in her hand and got from her "I need to check your eyes to make sure this is realistic."
Guardian spoke "You might want to check my throat while you're at it."
He got a grimace from her who bobbed her head in a yes gesture and submitted to the cops' examination of his eyes and throat including showing his eyes in Human blue color that was also examined. 
He didn't say a word as the cop got his hand's print registered followed by saying "Can't you think of a better name than Guard Beers? It's the name of an alcoholic drink actually."
He heard from Jinks "Kensington nickname Kenny Montreal."
Guardian spoke "Kensington nickname Kenny Montreal. I came off planet like I told you the truth on that."
He clamped his mouth shut as the cop took the computer pad and then tapped some keys onto it before hearing "Kensington Montreal registered."
He frowned while eyeing the cop who spoke "So what's the story of you coming from off planet? Just make it outrageous for our files. I don't care if it's a lie or not just tell me something ridiculous."
Guardian groaned softly to hear from Jinks "You're a gift from King Winter."
He spoke "I'm a gift from King Winter."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing the cop who did a double take look before forming a big frown and then heard "That wedding in King Winter's Kingdom used that story as reason why he was a gift from the Cold Lord."
Guardian heard the words from a cop in the van to get from the female "Sounds to me there's a lot more to King Winter than we know of him hmm? Anyway I don't care to find out the actual relationship between the Cold Lord and Mister Montreal. It's none of my business. Besides I don't want to be a victim of a sucking by that Drainer."
He frowned to think "Drainer? What's she's talking about?"
He got nothing in response from Jinks making him annoyed as he eyed the female who kept on typing onto the computer pad seemingly lengthy he shifted to look out the window via the driver's side. He frowned finding the driver was driving opposite side to Mahalia's side and peered out the window to find multiple vehicles having opposite to Mahalia's side drivers in them making him annoyed. He felt his annoyance take hold only to feel relief when the van arrived to Jinks' building and got ordered out despite seeing a crowd of people gathered around the entrance some holding signs and some holding presses equipment. Guardian got out of the van and ignored the crowd gathered around him forming an aisle towards the entrance as his guards came out with guns drawn. He found the crowd silent as he went towards the guards who backed up once he passed them and went inside. 
Guardian heard from Jinks within his mind "Say 'Doors lock' now."
He obeyed to will forward the mental ability to see all the guards were inside to wave a hand and saw metal doors bang from above covering the glass doors to hear a Tsk sound sounding of Worthington found next to him.
Guardian glared at Worthington who spoke "That's improper for blocking out the entrance for guards to get out in case of an emergency, such as an eater fire or something like that."
He gave Worthington a glare in response and waved a hand towards the blast doors to hear them squeal open to spot relieved expressions on the guards' faces as he looked around via his eyes before focusing onto the butler. Guardian glared at Worthington who jabbed a finger at an elevator which he obeyed finding the butler following him inside. He gave the command for his apartment and willed aside the Guardian ability as if needing to do it. He entered the apartment to find Snowy on a couch that jumped off and darted towards him to get onto his shoulder. Guardian heard the cat give off a loud meow before rubbing her face onto his ear making him confused to why she was doing it. He frowned as he heard an ahem noise from Worthington gently removed Snowy off his shoulder to hold her finding she not protesting to that holding instead purred rumbling vibrations from within her and seemed content being held. He carried her to the library as if recalling where the room was and sat in an armchair with Snowy on his lap that sat on his front purring away. Guardian sighed softly from Snowy's rumbling to shut his eyes due to feeling like needing to do it only to come to hearing the familiar siren sound within his ear. 
He jerked open his eyes to find Worthington in the room that spoke while noticing Snowy was gone from his lap "With due respects, Master please sleep in your bedroom."
He heard the butler had a familiar edge in his voice tone including some eyed look in his brown eyes making him annoyed. Guardian didn't say a word in response went to his bedroom to lay down on the bed and shut his eyes to pass out unconscious to come to hearing the familiar alarm clock blaring waking him up from sleep. 
He figured "I might as well go start my day."
He entered the bathroom despite I not sure of what memory I saw in my mind of what he did in there. 
Zerra spoke ‘I insisted you stop focusing onto Jinks Montreal in the bathroom! That’s disgusting!’ hence I obeying to her orders. 
Guardian came out of the bathroom with his mood better but feeling like questioning something hitting him a nagging feeling making him annoyed. 
He went out the bedroom to find Worthington in the hallway which he spoke "Is breakfast ready for me?"
He glared at Worthington who spoke "Yes it's ready for you, Master."
He didn't say a word instead went to the dining room to eat and drink his food then went to the gym room finding the butler not in sight. He walked inside finding the room seemed familiar and like he had been there before to fall into a perfect split this time noticing he focused onto his right side without any problems. Guardian did his stretching exercises without any problems then swung himself up followed by doing a Kata in karate then did drills this time using both sides. He once done heard a door knocking sound to find a male his mind identified as King Winter standing in the room next to the door. Guardian didn't say a word instead eyed King Winter with his torch cauldron staff in hand with all white clothes and a glaring stare on his face warily to find the Cold Lord making a familiar sign with his left hand towards him. He sighed recognizing the hand's sign was for King Winter's gesture for a talk via hand on the throat with the Cold Lord's voice blasting into his mind. Guardian didn't say a word instead went up to King Winter and grimaced as the Cold Lord's hand gripped his throat in a tight grip. 
He heard blared in his mind "What identity are you known now?!"
He frown hearing that to speak sensing the recorders in the room were off "Various names but this time its Kensington nickname Kenny Montreal. I'm helping out Jinks Montreal with a problem such as taking his place while he's down asleep."
He frowned as King Winter's eyes narrowed in a glaring stare before finding the Cold Lord removing his hand off his neck making him breathe better. He frowned as King Winter placed a hand on his forehead as if feeling his face. He stiffened as the nagging feeling hitting him started to take control making him annoyed. Guardian frowned as the feeling took control of him as King Winter's hand went to the left side of his face he feeling something like a bandage over the area instead of the Cold Lord's cold hand touching him. He felt pressure from the area to place a hand on the cheek feeling it as King Winter removed his hand to place it back on his neck. He heard nothing in response from King Winter but eyes turning all white looking to his shock before widening his eyes of shock further. He didn't say a word sensed his mind scanned unexpectedly as he felt his cheek to peel at the bandage finding it was so closely attached to the area. 
He quit the peeling as he heard blasted in his mind "Why was the High Council laughing when you claimed the Guardian of Life and Death to them?"
He widened his eyes of shock hitting him as the nagging feeling took control he remembering what it was to will forward the mental ability while gently removing King Winter's hand off his throat. He felt the hand wasn't really a hand but felt bony from the touch as he willed forwards another mental ability making his back itch to spot the hand's owner was Tom with his Berserker side in control along with the butler nearby him with eyes golden. 
He took control this time as he mentally spoke while sensing Tom mind scanning him "I'm Jinks Montreal!"
Jinks instead of known as Guardian, as insisted by Zerra’s blaring, glared at Tom who didn't say a word in response quit the mind scanning him to get an image of Lance Richard flashing in his mind saying "The High Council threw you into a cryogenic tube at Alexei's place for you to sleep. They're really at the mood to help people, hence they pulling this joke stunt onto you. It's just to get you to acknowledge what their trying to tell you."
He exhaled a breath as Lance quit his mind talk to recall fully what the reason why he was put down asleep was. He recalled that he wasn't sleeping instead staying awake for too much time due to nightmares of Katherine his wife dying in front of him. Jinks recalled the nightmares resulted into him going insane thinking himself as someone else than as Jinks Montreal including acting out scenarios while in the gym room containing into there. He recalled Tom got a hold of him in the gym room and put him down asleep after seeing him not acknowledging his presence. He glared at Tom with a glare who place a hand onto his shoulder gripping the area he recalling fully that the male always done that whenever he wanted him to acknowledge him in an accepting way. 
Jinks spoke after willing aside his mental abilities "Willingham, Tom."
He made sure he was firm with his wording while eyeing Tom in the eyes finding the male's hand grip onto his shoulder shifted from bony to full fleshed one while noticing that he had willed aside his Berserker side. He kept his mouth shut in a thin line as he felt himself tired unexpectedly didn't protest as he felt Tom's hand removed itself followed by carrying him to lay him down onto the bed and forced his eyes shut. 
Jinks heard blared in his mind as he sunk down into sleep "I had to let go of Thura that clinging to her wasn't doing anything for me. I found love again with Victoria who made it clear that she wasn't Thura's replacement but someone who loved me back. I accepted that even if it pains me to do it."
He passed out unconscious to come to hearing his name spoken in a familiar voice filled with pain “Jinks.”
Jinks woke up with a start to come to finding the voice sounded familiar to him. He got up from the bed finding himself alone in the room only to find a Charon appearing to kneel in front of him with form shredding into a Human female that had long black hair and blue eyes while looking naked of clothes. 
He stiffened as he recognized the female as Katherine who held up a hand towards him while saying "Jinks."
Jinks recalled the voice that spoken the name of Victoria's words fully in his mind to refrain from going near Katherine instead shook his head and spoke "If I go near you, I'll put you down asleep so you won't suffer in pain anymore."
He got Katherine speaking his name again while looking pleading as he willed forwards the Master and waved a hand towards her while mentally speaking "Heart die."
Jinks gasped as Katherine's form shredded backwards into a familiar figure that stood with arms folded. 
He gasped of shock recognizing Guard Kensington father of Katherine complete with the suit and tie that spoke "Took you long enough to get my message."
He frowned while eyeing Guard who spoke with form shifting into a green skinned humanoid complete with long black hair "Seek out Trian Marshall. Ask Tom about him, he knows who he is. Besides you should know that your son Lance Knight lives as this form as I am now and so do I and another Roosevelt Knight."
Jinks gasped of shock hearing that as darkness clouded up his eyesight he felt himself not feeling anything only to come to hearing a familiar sound that reminded him of an alarm clock. He jerked open his eyes with a start while sitting up with a lurch to feel a hand touching his shoulder that felt feminine. He looked off his left to spot Victoria that gently took one of his hands and raised it to his face he forcing himself to eye her in the eyes as he felt the hand touch the area. Jinks felt scarring marks on his cheek forced himself to accept her hand manipulating his hand to touch the area he feeling it fully while still eyeing her in the eyes. He kept his mouth in a thin line while feeling the scars on his cheek that was consisted of a Tee Dee's claw poking the area. Jinks didn't say a word in response instead kept his mouth shut while eyeing Victoria who removed her hand gently leaving his hand touching the area. He kept his eyes open while staring at Victoria's blue ones while feeling the scarring on his cheek all over and felt himself no longer angry from the feel. He formed a thin line with his mouth while eyeing Victoria firmly in the eyes before seeing her looking away to look where she was looking to find King Winter in the room standing near the bed with his familiar glaring stare on his face. Jinks didn't comment a word towards King Winter instead gave a head bob in a yes gesture seeing the Cold Lord return the gesture before watching the male walk out of the room finding Willingham shutting the double doors behind. 
He spoke feeling like needing to do it "How long was I out asleep anyway?"
Jinks frowned finding Victoria sitting in the armchair as if drawn with Tom having a hand on her shoulder to eye the other Victoria to find that she was from memory Natasha Novgorod and noticed that her husband Madisoni wasn't in sight making him confused to that. He frowned while eyeing Natasha again who hugged him gently he feeling like needing the hug didn't protest to that. He frowned as Natasha kept the hug seemingly lengthy before gently releasing him he doing the same while eyeing her with a frown on his face. Jinks didn't say a word as Natasha gently kissed him on the cheek before going to Victoria he saw and saw her hug his daughter who got up from the armchair to hug back. He eyed Natasha to see her walk out of the room to find Madisoni standing in the doorway that gave him a head bob before shutting the doors getting them both out of sight. Jinks frowned while shifting to eye Victoria who went towards him to pull a blanket up to his chest while gently pushing him down to sleep. He eyed his daughter as she gently forced his eyes shut which he passed out unconscious.

Jinks woke up hearing a familiar ringing noise that sounded of the High Council's familiar alarm clock to him. He found himself held up in a sagging standing position by the Falcons' having ironclad grips onto his arms which he stood up after opening his eyes and gave the High Council a glare of accusation. He found Barry there giving him a golden eyed glare with a finger jabbed towards him. 
Jinks heard blared within his mind "It's Walls. Just talk on where you were in your mind referring to this world named Egyptia."
He obeyed to speak it firmly from memory of what Egyptia was fully in his mind as if sensing the Meritanians manipulating him to remember before clamping his mouth shut while eyeing the High Council. 
He heard in response "I will serve you without undivided loyalties."
Jinks form a disgusted expression on his face hearing his voice speaking the words with desperation in the tone as he heard "Talk Horus on what you're hearing regarding the words now! Don't try to sugar coat it as you First Ones say! We already know what's going on with that voice tone so talk on what you’re hearing!"
Jinks spoke with disgust in his voice tone "I sound pathetic with desperation in my voice tone."
He clamped his mouth shut in response while eyeing the High Council to hear "Meritanians dump Horus into a Tee Dee trap now!"
He felt the Falcons' holds gone to find he in a familiar forest jungle while hearing roaring noises of Tee Dees sounding again making him annoyed. 
Jinks sensed he filmed to speak firmly out loud without any desperation in his voice tone "I will serve you without undivided loyalties."
He clamped his mouth shut to find himself floating in the air to land into water he finding himself in a Megadon's trap which he recalled the blow command mentally spoke it to find the gonoid ripping apart away from him. He felt himself annoyed swam up to the surface to again get into another Megadon's trap this time felt himself slamming against metal and arms grabbed by the Falcons to find himself back into the High Council's presence he glared at them with annoyance running through him. 
Jinks kept the glare as he heard "Hey High Council what should I do with the one who's name you hate hearing that is still in astral projection form again and is currently talking to Ajax at the moment?"
He felt his feet become off balanced by earthquakes felt to hear from Shad "Ramses shut up on that talk now! We don't want to hear you blare that talk again! Let Ajax and Lance have their conversation in peace! We'll know of what the talk is as always, so quit that earthquakes, Lance!"
He felt the earthquakes stop to his relief to get a light show showing Lance he glared at dressed in a High Council's masked servant wear's clothes lying in a curled up ball position while appearing to be asleep to him. 
He gave Lance a glare that ignored the glaring to hear from Ramses again "Anyway Ajax is done talking to the one whose name you hate so you want me to transport him to you?"
Jinks glared at Lance while baring his teeth in a sneering glare to get another light show showing a High Council member curled in a ball he figured from senses blaring was Ajax asleep. He shifted to glare at the High Council finding both speakers had heads bowed to find a third light show to show Barry appearing into sight that gave him a glaring stare with eyes golden. 
Jinks gulped from Barry's glare to form pleading on his face finding the Builder speaking "You will talk on your feelings regarding Lance now."
Jinks found he blurting to his shock "I'm furious with Lance for betraying me. As in getting a life instead of helping me handles being a pawn by the High Council."
He clamped his mouth shut as he heard "Pawn?!"
He frowned as he got that comment from both speakers to find Barry holding up a hand towards the High Council and still giving him a glaring stare to get from the Builder "Talk Jinks on your actual feelings towards the High Council now."
Jinks groaned softly before speaking to his shock "Alright, I'm still furious with that torture the High Council did to me, such as furious to hear from Ajax that they bribed my wife Katherine to die, so they could get the Charon to serve them, in response to oaths of giving them a female. Katherine turned out to be a female Charon after she died. It's paining me that Katherine was taken from me so soon, despite having a good number of years with her. I was hoping that she would live forever with me but turns out this didn't happen, thanks to the manipulating of the High Council."
Jinks glared at the High Council while willing forwards the Master in control as he added "Screw you! Go to the depths High Council!"
He eyed Barry as if drawn to find the Builder had a hand aimed at the High Council before hearing him speak "Jinks, you will remember the exact reason why Katherine died."
He stiffened jerking his head up as a memory flashed into his mind he saw himself talking to a doctor in private with the Master in control.
The doctor was acting fearful while speaking "Sorry nothing I can do to prolong Katherine's life. She's aging like any normal Human female is aging. Nothing I can do."
Jinks found in his memory Katherine looking old in the room with him that gave him a golden eyed glare and heard from her using Builder speak "Doctor how much money will you accept not to say anything to my husband about my cancer diagnose till its terminal within me?"
He continued to hear from the doctor using Builder language he heard "No money is necessary. I get it your terms on what you want done involving your cancer diagnose. Rest assured that Robert your son hasn't inherited this cancer gene at the moment from tests done onto him. It appears he'll live as long as his Father would that it only hits males in your husband's family line to have a long life. There are exceptions of a mental illness hitting the male to live insane in a short life span. Robert doesn't appear to have that mental illness issue at the moment. He's sane from tests done onto him."
Jinks lowered his head keeping his eyes shut as he recalled Katherine speaking Builder chatter towards him in a compelling voice tone "Jinks, you won't remember this talk and will always blame the High Council as reasons for my death via bribery when it's my own choice that caused it."
He screamed out "Katherine!"
He screamed and screamed as he felt the Falcons' release their holds onto his arms to kneel while screaming as he smelled ocean air while feeling sand on his knees as he kneeled. He kept up screaming Katherine's name over and over including screaming nonsense sounds to burst into tears with his eyes watery and fell onto the sand curling into a ball while cutting off his noises. Jinks felt the familiar filming sense cut itself off as he rubbed hands onto his cheeks while feeling his eyes watery. He sensed a presence next to him by the movement of sand felt. He jerked open his eyes to stare at the figure kneeling next to him he saw was Tom who had a frown on his face. Jinks eyed Tom feeling raging anger taking control to swing he up in a fast move while roaring of anger to charge towards the male with hands' fisted. He found himself fighting Tom in familiar karate with the movements coming onto him as if he had muscle memory. He found Tom giving him a golden eyed glare who fought him back not refraining from punching and kicking towards the male and finding he wasn't refraining either. This time Jinks sensed Tom was giving his all while fighting both offensively and defensively onto him as he did the same both using twin forms of karate. Jinks kept the fisting and kicking seemingly lengthy before noticing the sun was gone from within view and it was nighttime as the rolling ocean started to overtake the sand island they were fighting on with night vision dormant in his eyesight. He kept up the fisting and kicking seemingly again lengthy till Tom kneeled into the water up to his waist while appearing to be panting of effort while halting the fighting. Jinks felt he too tired to fight anymore groaned softly while rubbing a hand on his forehead to see Tom disappear in a light show as he found himself back into his bedroom to go to the bed lying onto it and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm clock blare its noises making him groan while rolling over away from the noises. He felt a hand shaking his shoulder he recognized from the feel was of a Charon's hand touching him. 
Jinks moaned out "Just let me sleep."
He felt the hand become more insisting groaned and rolled over to face the Charon a female from the looks of it as he eyed the time finding it was seven o'clock in the morning. 
He eyed the Charon that hand signed towards him he getting her words "You were asleep for seven suns straight. I woke you up for you have pressing matters to do involving your hygiene and taking in nourishment. I told your butler that I'll handle waking you up."
He sighed and felt himself no longer tired but hungry groaned and got up from the bed going into the bathroom to attend to his hygiene. 

Jinks came out clad in clean clothes and clean shoes with hair brushed. He had eyed himself in the mirror to eye his scar on his cheek fully including feeling the area with his hand finding he wasn't upset with it. He went to the bedroom's entrance to yank open the door to find Willingham there as he felt pressure of a cat on his shoulder including a familiar yowl sounding in his ear. He sighed to pull Snowy off his shoulder and cradled her in his arms who purred rumbling vibrations felt soothing him as he ignored the butler. Jinks went to the dining room to sit and found food ready for him to take in. He put Snowy down onto the floor and rubbed her back to get her tail up before straightening up. Jinks wound up eating his food forcing himself to take his time followed by sipping the drink. Jinks finding was strawberry milkshake from the taste and didn't make him feel sick from drinking it up. 
Jinks sighed and got up to find Willingham in the room who spoke "There's a recording in the TV room, I'm requesting you to view."
He spoke "Excuse me, Willingham."
He got a head bob from the butler as he went to the TV room to expertly put on the recording machine on and eyed the TV finding a recording of he in the gym room acting like he lived there.
Jinks listened to himself saying “I’m called Guardian aka Guard Beers.” to Willingham visiting him into there. 
Jinks felt disgust take hold finding he acting various scenarios while in the gym room despite Willingham's efforts to get him out he balking to leave.
Willingham saying “Shouldn’t you leave to elsewhere than staying in here?”
Jinks heard speaking “I’m the Guardian of Life and Death. This is my domain is where I’m to stay as ruler of the souls of the dead disappeared gone to the Summerland.”
 He felt himself more disgusted as Tom came into view to see the male willing forwards his Berserker side. Jinks saw himself hit the padded floor as if asleep while displaying an all while eyed look making him annoyed to see it with form still and eyes open. 
Jinks kept on watching as Tom carried he out of the room followed by the scene shifting to blue screen to find Willingham in the room that spoke "You have a business involving coaching a Mister Tom Thunder, in a fight sport dubbed Extreme Brock Baxter. I hear a certain group roped you into doing that coaching. Someone tried the coaching out pretending to be you and failed miserably, according to the public, pointing him out as a twin wannabe and trashed him heavily. Their still accusing this wannabe on the fact that he isn't marked by the familiar marking you seem to have on your face in question. Don't ask me why the public has an obsession with you, having that scarring on your face at the moment."
Jinks thumped the remote down onto the table and without a word got up to glare at Willingham who added "There's a car ready to take you, Master Jinks."
He didn't say a word sensed the Master in control by the tone the butler used and went to the elevator going inside to give the command for the garage room before willing aside the mental ability. He folded his arms with a glare on his face as the elevator with guards inside went down followed by stopping at the garage room. Jinks walked out to find a Highlander in a driver's uniform in front of a sedan with black tinted windows that opened a car door for him. He went inside and buckled up his seatbelt to hear the driver starting up the car with verbal commands, followed by driving out of the building to notice a crowd gathered outside, some holding signs, he forced himself not to read, including spotting presses gathered among them. 
He kept an eye out the window as the car went to Tom's home building he saw to hear the driver speaking "I'm outside now."
Jinks looked out the window to spot Tom walking out clad in sweats with a pair of sunglasses on his face and black hair long length dangling around his face, while holding a black duffle bag that entered the car with him and buckled up the seatbelt, without a word. 
Jinks spoke as Tom gave up a growling noise seeing the male displaying his Berserker side "I'm not thinking myself as Guard Beers but as Jinks Montreal. Besides I do remember what you told me regarding the sport of Extreme Brock Baxter, you're fighting in."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Tom to get blared in his mind "That's not what I'm angry about. I'm furious about some jerk, unsure who, invited Victoria out for lunch while I'm out fighting. Victoria has refused to say who this guy was other than using the fake name of Lance Knight to me over and over."
Jinks stiffened as he felt Tom quit blaring within his mind to speak "Lance Knight? I had an offspring going around with that name."
He got another growl from Tom as he heard within his mind "Victoria claimed him as her brother despite dolling herself up in her best clothes and perfume I gave her. She acts like it's an actual date when I know she's married to me."
Jinks exhaled a breath to inhale to speak firmly as Tom paused "Will that Berserker side of yours away now."
He got Tom obeying but sensed anger from the male as he spoke "Will yourself to be calm, enough to fight off your anger in this fighting match and avoid using your Berserker side in control, while you're at it."
He glared at Tom who folded his arms and leaned back into the seat not commenting a word towards him instead was quiet on the ride to the arena. He found presses gathered outside some holding signs he saw were of various comments of marriage aimed at him. 
Jinks spoke firmly "Just be calm towards the presses-"
He got interrupted as the vehicle joined the line of vehicles arriving to the arena's main entrance "Damned presses keeps on trying to trigger my Berserker side whenever they blares blinding lights onto me. Hence I stuck wearing these glasses while I'm out in public anywhere. The public seems amused to see me display my Berserker side, hence the reaction they give, is asking me to pose while I have it in control just for photographs."
Jinks sighed softly as the vehicle arrived to the main entrance to get out first hearing silence from the crowd to sensing himself filmed. He ignored it and went around the car to stand with arms folded while giving the car door a glare. He waited as Tom came out carrying his duffle bag slamming the door while still wearing his wraparound sunglasses on his face. Jinks kept his mouth shut as he wordless walked off into the arena's building leading the way feeling the Meritanians manipulating him to go somewhere he finding them leading to a cop a familiar female that did a double take look seeing him. 
He eyed the cop warily who spoke "Excuse me, while I show you both on where to go."
He gestured with a hand towards the cop to lead the way who obeyed finding a crowd in some indoor shopping mall from the looks of it with multiple levels. Jinks glimpsed silent people seeing him following the female and Tom taking up the rear. Jinks kept his arms to the sides as the female led the way to a locker room to find presses gathered inside some silent seeing him. Tom walked away he noticing the male going to a locker to dump his stuff into it. 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as the presses were felt filming him as he heard from the female cop loudly "Alright, break it up now! Get your seats out and record the fight now!"
He found the presses obeying to get out of the locker room to find the female remaining who spoke "I'm here to escort you out to the arena."
Jinks heard Tom's growling noise to find Tom clad in only shorts looking shiny black colored that was flaring his Berserker side with eyes narrowed at the female cop. 
He spoke firmly while noticing the female looked nervous "Tom will that status away now!"
He got another growl from Tom who made a step forwards in the female's direction to put himself between her and the male while giving him a glare and repeating his words in a firmer voice tone he finding himself not afraid.
Jinks folded his arms as Tom obeyed to tell the male "Go kneel and mediate for that fight."
He found Tom obeying to kneel with eyes shut and the male appeared to be breathing deeply to resume staring at the female who had a hand on her handgun on her left side that removed her hand forming a frown on her face. 
Jinks saw her name tag had the word "Samantha."
He spoke firmly noticing her remove her hand "Samantha is your name Miss?"
He eyed the female who placed a hand onto her name tag to tear it off and thrust the paper into the garbage before speaking towards him "Samantha isn't my name actually. It was the name tag of a female was wearing just prior to me kicking her out of the bar. She was drunk actually, hence the bar kicking her out. She tore off her name tag and put it onto my jacket, while resisting arrest. Sorry, I forgot about it."
He got a roar from Tom in response to find the male standing up flaring his Berserker side with eyes narrowed aimed at the cop to see the female put a hand onto her handgun again to hear blared in his mind "Tell her to shut up! I'm trying to mediate and I can't do that with the noises she's making! It's reminding me of Victoria and why I'm furious with her!"
Jinks spoke firmly "Excuse me Miss, would you kindly be quiet for awhile. Tom has indicates that he wants total silence for him to mediate for this fight."
He eyed the female who gave a head bob in response to glare at Tom who resumed kneeling while seeing the male had willed aside his Berserker side. He kept his mouth shut seemingly lengthy till a male cop came into the locker room who jabbed a finger aimed at Tom and made a come gesture while giving him a glare. Jinks found Tom on his feet appearing to breathe heavily by the mouth's movements before cutting it to walk out of the locker room following the male cop. He followed Tom out of the locker room to find the female cop taking up the rear. Jinks followed to find Tom led to the arena holding various people gathered in a circle around a cage them becoming silent seeing him. He didn't say a word as Tom was admitted into the cage with another male already there to keep an eye onto both of them recalling what the male told him of the fighting sport's rules. He eyed the fight finding Tom was erratic with his fighting with his opponent able to knock the male off his feet twice. Jinks recalled the rules involving a time out made the sign towards cage's referee who blew the whistle. 
He waited as Tom walked up towards him giving him a glare as he spoke "Pretend the fighter is this Lance Knight and only use your fists onto him and nothing else period."
He got a head bob from Tom who went to fight he watching Tom's fights were much better and no longer erratic who easily knocked his opponent unconscious to find the referee inside calling the male down for the count. Jinks heard applause from the crowd as Tom was let out of the cage to stand next to him he noticing paramedics arriving into sight darting into the fighting arena going to his opponent and appeared to be trying to work on restarting the male's heart organ.
He heard gasps from the crowd as he heard from Tom "I didn't punch him hard enough for that."
Jinks didn't say a word in response eyed Tom's opponent to get onto a stretcher and carried out of the fighting arena while having a cloth covering the male. He saw Tom kneel while looking like he was crying tears spilling from his eyes and looking zoned out to him. 
He got the female cop going up towards him speaking "Excuse me. I'm told to lead you both to the locker room where there'll be questioning happening."
He didn't say a word snapped a finger in front of Tom's face to find Tom looking at him and got the cop repeating her words. Jinks didn't say a word as Tom took up the rear to the female cop leading the way to the locker room which inside were presses gathered around that were silently filming him. He eyed Tom who went to kneel onto the floor and looked dejected and upset by the looks of him despite lights shining onto him the male was ignoring. 
Jinks spoke firmly towards the presses recording his move "Say something or leave now! My fighter is upset at the moment with what's happening to his opponent! So talk or leave!"
He glared at the presses to find the cops coming into the locker room one speaking loudly "Presses get out! We want a private talk with Mister Thunder and his coach now!"
Jinks found the presses obeying despite sensing himself still filmed to glare at the cops to find the familiar female speaking "Excuse me, but Mister Thunder displayed his other side while in the locker room, seemingly acting upset that his coach had to tell him to mediate some method to calm down. I saw the way he was fighting. He was fighting erratically till his coach told him I overheard, to imagine the fighter as someone named Lance Knight. That's when his fighting improved."
Jinks spoke firmly "Mister Thunder is having jealousy attitude towards the male who invited his wife out for lunch."
He glared at the cops to find one recording the scene by a tube device in hand get questioned heavily on what he saw regarding Tom fighting his opponent before the male was knocked to the ground and appeared to get knocked out. Jinks didn't say another word instead willed forwards the Master while folding his arms finding the cops didn’t believe his words from their questions aimed at him. 
He got the female cop yelling "Alright, enough of this questioning now! This is ridiculous! He told you the same old story over and over!"
Jinks got a roaring sound from Tom in response to find the male was displaying his Berserker side while glaring at the female he ignored. Jinks walked up towards Tom snarling growling noises loudly to firmly place a hand on Tom's chest in the middle of the ribcage. He kept his hand firmly onto there as Tom waved bony hands into his face while ignoring the hands' touching his face and ignored the hands' touching his scarred face. He kept his mouth shut as Tom appeared to be throwing a hissy fit from the looks of it as he willed aside the Master while firmly keeping his hand onto Tom's chest waiting patiently for the male to calm down. 
Jinks found Tom kept up the hissy fit he call it seeming lengthy before hearing "Excuse me!"
He heard it from the female cop to hear the sound of the locker room's door manipulated to find Tom willing aside his Berserker side while folding his arms and ignoring his hand touching his chest. 
Jinks glared at Tom who snarled "I didn't hit him that hard."
He heard in response "You care to prove this talk your saying, Mister Thunder?"
He clamped a hand over Tom's mouth finding Tom was displaying his golden eyed look but keeping his Berserker side away. He waited seemingly lengthy as Tom quit the golden eyed look and then found the male taking a step back but kept his arms folded.
Jinks removed his hand and spoke firmly towards the cop while recalling the exact reason why Tom was in this fighting sport "If you want Tom to quit this sport on the account of an opponent suffering injury other than oaths to a kid that he'll fight for charity then use that excuse. I do know of another avenue for him to act out his rage other than just fighting this sport."
He glared at the cop who formed a disgusted expression on his face to get from the male "Just get your fighter into something presentable and get out of here. Don't leave town, Mister Thunder. The hospital still has to determine the cause of death. I'm not doing anything till they give word on the cause, excuse me."
He watched them leave sensing the filming still ongoing as he gave Tom a glare that appeared to flinch from the glare before speaking "I lost control when I hit him. It could explain why he's down on a permanent basis." 
He spoke firmly "Lost control? I don't buy that talk, Tom. I think there's something else going on here that stinks of the High Council manipulating things again."
Jinks got Tom giving him a glare followed by the male speaking "You always blame the High Council for anything miserable going on in your life. Quit it now."
Jinks spoke firmly while thrusting a finger aimed at his scarred cheek "How do you think I got this scar? It was manipulation by the High Council that caused me to get this in the first place. They have refused to let me remove this scar or do anything to go around without it on my face."
He glared at Tom to hear "Screw you."
Jinks didn't say a word as Tom went to a locker to yank out his duffle bag he watched as the male put on his sweats and sandals followed by putting on his wraparound sunglasses and stood with arms folded appearing to be staring in his direction. He didn't say a word further left the locker room sensing Tom following to find the female cop outside that didn't say a word led the way to the vehicle a van outside parked at the entrance. He ignored the presses being quiet this time as he got into the van followed by Tom to find the female joining them while shutting the door. Jinks sat in the middle of the front seat while Tom he saw slunk to the back seat away from the female cop sitting next to him. He eyed the female warily who held up a computer pad and saw her typing something onto it followed by thrusting it aimed at him he finding she had typed words.
Jinks found the words said "What's gotten Tom to throw a hissy fit? And type that down now."
He sighed softly and typed with a finger onto the pad's keyboard in the screen "Tom complained to me in a secret way towards me that his wife was asked out to lunch with a male named Lance Knight, as said by her. He complained that his wife dressed up in her best clothes and used the perfume, he gave her."
He quit the typing to find the female reading the words to type something expertly with one hand rapid fire paced before thrusting the pad towards him. 
Jinks found the female questioning him with typed questions repeatedly “What was Tom's mood before getting into the vehicle with you and his complaints?” 
It made him annoyed to speak after another repeated questioning by the female "I told you what I know so quit it with you ridiculous questions."
He willed forwards the Master to glare at the female who frowned visibly as he felt an odd feeling hitting his sensitive part making him irritated with that feeling. 
He glared at the female who typed down he reading "Excuse me, just making sure that you're sticking with your story period."
Jinks spoke firmly with the Master in control "Anything else, you want to know, Missy?"
He got her typing he reading "How did you know my nickname was Missy?"
Jinks spoke firmly after willing aside the Master "I guessed. You got a problem with that?"
He glared at Missy he assumed was her name to get nothing else in response from her but her adjusting form to sit looking away from him. He caught her glancing at him making his sensitive part feeling more oddly getting him irritated again. Jinks looked away and resumed glaring out the window on the driver's side of the vehicle feeling himself annoyed with his irritation. 
He found the vehicle arriving to his building to park in front followed by hearing from the driver "Alright, end of the line for this rental so get out."
Jinks got out of the vehicle finding Tom following he ignored to go inside finding the crowd forming a silent aisle seeing him. Once inside the building he led the way to the elevator finding Tom growling loudly while yanking off his sunglasses. He found Tom putting aside his sunglasses into the duffle bag as he gave the order to his apartment residence while having the Master in control. 
Jinks willed aside the Master as the elevator went up followed by meeting Willingham in the residence who spoke "Master, you have a visitor in the dining room. He claims his name is Lance Knight. You'll know who he is once seeing him."
He eyed Tom who thrust aside the duffle bag while giving off a growl finding the male was displaying his Berserker side to will forward the Master into control. 
He glared at Tom while speaking "Is my daughter around?"
He heard from Willingham "She's in the gym room at the moment."
Jinks heard a growl from Tom to speak firmly towards the male "Will that status away and tell daughter mine that you don't appreciate her behavior towards this Lance Knight or any male who's seen as a potential mate in question. I know what you're going through. I went through this with Katherine."
He gave Tom a glare while folding his arms to find the male willing aside his Berserker side and stomping away appearing to be not headed towards the dining room which he went to. He found a male with green scaly skin and black hair and golden Human eyes while seated at the table having a uniform on that appeared to be military styled. 
He gave the male a glare that appeared to gulp from his glare before speaking "Victoria is throwing a hissy fit aimed at Tom."
He stiffened from the voice and tone that reminded him of someone he recalling was of his son Lance Knight to feel confused to why the male was sounding like his son. 
Jinks willed aside the Master and spoke firmly "Why are you calling yourself Lance Knight when I know you're not him?"
He got from the male "I'm him, but in a different skin, hair and eye color form."
He exhaled a breath finding nothing to indicate on the male being a liar towards him.
Jinks spoke firmly "Tell me something that only Lance Knight knows."
He eyed the male who spoke "Well that diamond ring I don't see you wearing you seemed to have some sixth sense cued to it."
Jinks stiffened from the male's words who added "You found me among wreckage of a plane crash in the ocean while holding that diamond ring in my hand fisted around it." 
Jinks kept stiffening as the male continued "I was the only survivor of that plane crash. The Meritanians manipulated me to take off that diamond ring off my wife's hand and then transported me out just before the plane hit the ocean. I survived while holding the diamond ring which is how you found me."
He exhaled a breath to inhale rubbing a hand over his eyes while groaning loudly he hearing a loud roaring noise removed his hand to find Willingham in the room. 
Jinks gave Willingham a glare who signed "Victoria is locked in her room refusing to let anyone enter. She's ignoring her husband's efforts to gain entrance into the room hence his noises of frustration."
He exhaled a breath and gave his son a glare who signed as if expertly knowing the language "I go by the name of Talon now while serving Trian Marshall. Mostly helping out people rejects in society gain entrance into serving Mister Marshall and learning how to survive while in servitude. I already met Tom when he served a Donald Marshall title holder and now Trian himself."
Jinks signed as he heard another roaring noise "You said that Victoria was throwing a hissy fit. Talk on what's going on."
He gave Talon he figured he'll call him a glare who signed in response "Victoria complained to me that the High Council wants to use her as breeder for other offsprings via implantation done. She already had this happen to her. Tom threw a hissy fit tried to kill the offspring some hybrid Highlander Human. The Meritanians had to transport them both to the High Council's presence, just to talk Tom out of killing the offspring in question. He had his Berserker side in control when he tried to harm the offspring. I'm not privy to the details but I know that Barry had to get involved. Sorry ask Meritanians answering to the names of Walls and Kiddy about that. They told Victoria this which she told me during our luncheon together. She was appearing to be furious but not entirely sure of who she was furious at."
He sighed as another roaring sounded again to sign towards Talon "Son and butler stay here. I'm able to handle Tom with his Berserker side in control. Besides I admit it the High Council threw the both of us together into physical combative art battles. Don't ask on their reasoning."
He got a head bob from Talon to glare at Willingham who signed “Good luck.”  
They remained standing in the dining room as he left the room going to the hallway leading to Victoria's bedroom. Jinks heard another roaring sound sounded again making him annoyed. He heard thudding noises of someone banging on a door to find Tom in the hallway with Berserker side in control while kneeling and banging fists onto the door to Victoria's room. Jinks didn't say a word sensing he filmed as he stood with arms to the side waiting for Tom to acknowledge his presence. He found Tom halted his banging to look in his direction before getting up charging towards him with bony hands appearing to be claws swiping in some gesture. Jinks willed forwards the Master and waited as Tom reached him to swipe clawed hands towards his face. He used karate combative art to keep Tom's hands away from his face while trying to place a hand onto the male's front finding his claws kept him from doing it. Jinks willed aside the Master as if compelled to stand with arms folded he feeling himself annoyed at the Meritanians as Tom waved clawed hands into his face he forcing himself to not flinch from the fingers near his eyes. He kept his eyes focused onto Tom finding the male wasn't interested into scratching him instead was appearing to be interested in scaring him he finding himself not scared. Jinks found Tom kneeling in response after willing aside the Berserker to find the male grabbing him around the waist and thrusting his front onto him while weeping tears. He kept his hands to himself waiting for Tom to have his breakdown before finding the male quit his weeping to get up standing after releasing him. 
Jinks frowned while eyeing Tom who didn't say a word went to the door to Victoria's room to rap a fist onto it while yelling loudly “Victoria!” 
Jinks waited eyeing the door to find it open followed by Tom walking inside and didn't flinch from the door slamming sounding loudly. 
He walked away figuring to himself "They'll work it out."
Jinks went into the dining room to find Talon gone along with Willingham not in sight. 
He yelled "Willingham!"
Jinks didn't have long to wait as the butler arrived into the room not out of breath instead gave him a look like he was expecting something in return.
He blurted to his shock "Find me that name of that female cop who had the name tag of Samantha put onto her jacket. She claimed that the name tag belonged to a female drunkard kicked, out of a bar that resisted arrest and put the tag, onto her jacket some paper form. She threw the name tag out in the garbage in front of Tom and I while in the locker room of the arena. She also was in the van questioning me via some typed computer pad method."
He glared at Willingham who spoke "It'll be done as you ordered anything else?"
He spoke "Just make it snappy with this finding. I'm itching to know who she is."
Jinks saw an odd look come to Willingham's face as he ignored the butler and without a word went out of the dining room feeling the Meritanians manipulating him again. He found himself led to Victoria's room to find Ajax clad in High Council wear clothes outside the room with arms folded. 
Jinks spoke "I got a story from Talon that said that the High Council still wants to use daughter mine as a breeder. Something Tom didn't take kindly and tried to kill off an offspring. The Meritanians had to say something involving, transporting Tom and offspring, both into the High Council's presence, which Barry had to talk him out of doing any killing. Two Meritanians named Walls and Kiddy told Victoria what Tom's reaction was, hence she telling Talon this, who told me. What's going on?"
He glared at Ajax to hear within his mind from his son "Alright this Talon isn't kidding on what he said. The High Council have their mind's set on having people who's got unique abilities to pass it down. Their unsure if Victoria is really deathless, despite it declared by a twin of yours, who's name the High Council hates hearing, to the public publicity, posing as you in question."
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that as Ajax continued blaring "Besides Tom didn't take kindly on having his Thura being used for breeding offsprings with others, fathering the offspring in question. He's still reacting the twin way towards the High Council's orders, on having a female of his breeding, offsprings fathered via different fathers, in question. His Thura was deaf which speaken for no hearing is."
Jinks spoke "I know what that deafness is actually. No need to tell me about what it is. I was raised by a female who had that just before I wound up in Osiris's body."
He glared at Ajax who spoke mentally "You were raised by a deaf female with your own body?"
Jinks spoke firmly "Ajax, I did have my own body but the High Council somehow got a hold of me. They sent me back through some travel gate with orders to get a group of Highlanders led by a Highlander. I did that deed but the High Council in response shot me, dead destroying my original body. I know this because the ship they used back then was twin to the one I saw the High Council use now. I wound up woken up in Osiris's body as a result. It took me awhile to recover from the injuries that body sustained that didn't heal such as twenty years or cycles of my life, after put down via some projectile weapon to the heart. That shooting was from someone named Roosevelt Knight, to manipulate Burke Richardson to do that deed. He wanted me out of the way so my son Lance Knight, fathered by my original body, could be controlled as the vessel of the Master Organization. Too bad someone loyal to me, poisoned Roosevelt in response and he passed away as a result."
Jinks kept his mouth shut feeling annoyed with what he blurted to his shock while eyeing Ajax who mentally spoke "Alright, Nikolina Nikolas, aka Gabriella David as publicity known for her cop status, is her name, the name of the cop. She's a descendant from the first known on record Hades in Shadan, who turned out to be some male, named Nikolas. Nikolas is currently down asleep at the moment. Her name is Nikolina, the High Council manipulated Nikolas's descendants to have first names with some version, of the name of Nikolas, while having that name as their last name. The descendants are heavily spied on at the moment. Besides the High Council is currently manipulating Nikolina, as I name her to accept the Nikolas name, instead of using the Gabriella David name. The cops know that her name is Nikolina Nikolas and have nicknamed her Nicky, despite her attempts to use the Gabriella David name publicity. Presses have been manipulated to nickname her Nasty Nicky. It appears she keeps having bad luck happening to her over and over. Excuse me, I can't tell you if the High Council is responsible."
Jinks kept his mind blank in response as the door to the room opened followed by Tom walking out displaying his Berserker side while growling loudly he hearing from Ajax loudly using his voice "The High Council have their minds made up that humanoids with unique abilities should pass it down onto offsprings. Something their doing towards me in question inherited what my Father here has displayed. I admit it, I don't agree to do this breeding as call it from time to time, but what the High Council orders, I obey and do."
Jinks eyed Tom finding the male was too far gone into his rage with a fast speed move placed a hand onto Tom's chest firmly over it and kept his mouth shut while eyeing him in the eyes. He sensed a light show to sense Ajax gone from his presence while eyeing Tom throw a hissy fit to his annoyance. Jinks kept his hand onto Tom firmly while waiting for the male to calm down. He eyed Tom who kept up the hissy fit while waving clawed hands into his face he refusing to back down or flinch from them near his eyes. Jinks waited patiently to find Tom folding his arms and willing aside his Berserker side to remove his hand. 
He eyed Tom who snarled "They did that damned breeding again onto Victoria. She's down in bed processing an offspring through her system. I don't want to be here when she pushes that thing out of her. I did try to kill an offspring of hers, she had previously, but Barry talked me out of doing it, using that voice talent of his. He dubbed that offspring Jayden Christiansted."
Jinks frowned but didn't say a word as Tom added "I'll be in the gym room working off my bad mood, excuse me."
He watched Tom stomp away as he went into Victoria's room to find his daughter in bed surrounded by masked High Council servants. He noticed she had equipment on her form involving carrying an offspring from the looks of her while she was appearing to look asleep to him. 
Jinks frowned eyeing Victoria feeling himself annoyed hitting him as he heard blared in his mind "With do respects kindly keep Mindbender from entering this room till after the offspring is born and taken to safety. He keeps displaying this terminate offspring attitude onto the offspring that isn't his. He displayed it when he was paired to this deaf female used for breeding offspring. The High Council is still trying to get Mindbender out of that attitude he's stubbornly refuses to quit having."
He didn't say a word in response left the room shutting the door in a gentle slam and went to the gym room finding Tom inside doing karate and seemingly erratic with his drills as in doing them half hearted. 
He sighed and mentally spoke loudly while watching Tom doing another drill "Meritanians, hello, I'm talking to you!"
He kept up the mental chatter to feel his mind scanned to hear "It's Walls. Ramses and his sisters are busy with something at the moment. So something I can do for you?"
He mentally spoke "You and Kiddy have transportation ability? I have an idea of getting Tom away from here to do his karate with me physically fighting him in combative art-"
He was interrupted "Sorry the High Council already ordered Tom to remain in your residence just to test him on his reaction towards his female carrying another offspring in question. I'm not even sure of what their talking about regarding this deaf female and his nasty attitude towards her carrying offspring he didn't father. Sorry can't help in that matter. Excuse me I have business to do."
Jinks felt the Meritanian leave his mind continued to watch Tom do erratic karate that appeared the male was angry judging by the awful style of movements he was doing. He sighed softly while eyeing Tom lengthy till the male displayed his Berserker side and twisted to face him while holding up a clawed hand towards him. Jinks found he flying in the air to land into Tom's open clawed hand gripping him by the throat and dangling his feet as he felt his mind scanned. Jinks found his efforts to will the Master through blocked repeatedly as he found Tom seemed to anticipate his karate movements to free himself from the hand's grip on his throat by blocking him with his freed hand. 
He found Tom's hand become tighter around his neck as he gagged out "Tom, stop it now. This isn't going to solve anything choking me. Release me now."
Jinks found Tom refused to budge to find a light show in the room out of the corners of his eyes to hear "Tom, you will release, Jinks now!"
Jinks found he freed of Tom's grip to drop onto the floor while landing onto his feet. He finding the voice's speaker was Barry in the room who gave Tom a golden eyed glare in response. 
Jinks coughed softly feeling his mind scanning quit as Tom thrust a hand towards Barry to find the Builder speaking as the male flew towards him "You will, will aside your Berserker side now."
He found Barry's order not obeyed by Tom able to get a hand onto the Builder's neck appearing to be choking him while dangling his feet. 
Jinks willed forwards the Master and mentally spoke while waving a hand towards Tom "Paralysis." 
He found his order not obeyed finding Barry gasping for air instead of Builder talk. Jinks darted towards Tom in a fast speed move only to find the male thrusting a leg aimed at him which hit home onto his chest throwing him backwards. Jinks hit the padded wall with a grunt sound as Barry's gasping became panicky like gasps to him. 
He willed aside the Master and spoke firmly "Tom, release Barry now!"
Jinks got Tom thrusting another hand in his direction waving it to feel himself tossed backwards to hit the padded wall while feeling he pinned. 
He mentally willed forwards the Master to mentally speak "Shield."
Jinks found he unable to get out of the pinned status only to watch with horror listening as Barry's gasping became slower and slower sounding in panicky like gasps. 
He screamed mentally "Meritanians hear me transport Mindbender and Barry out to the High Council's presence now!"
He repeated his wording only to feel his mind scanned along with laughter like tones sounding in his mind making him annoyed as he heard "It's Walls. The big three want Barry down on a permanent basis like down asleep actually. It's judging by those stunts they keep on pulling onto him over and over. Sorry can't help this time. It's Mindbender doing this actually and not by Meritanian's manipulation."
Jinks mentally spoke in response sensing his mind still scanned "Why don't you put Barry to sleep yourself just to spare him the pain of being choked to sleep?"
He glared at Tom to hear mentally in his mind "Sorry can't help the situation. Mindbender is already gone into an animalistic mood at the moment judging by mind scanning him. He's not thinking straight like a humanoid instead, is thinking animalistic as you First Ones refer to gonoid thinkers."
He spoke mentally "Then transport someone who can control Tom enough to get him out of that animalistic mood."
Jinks kept the glare finding he helpless to save Barry who started clawing Tom's clawed hand with his hands while appearing to be panicky as he heard "That someone is Tom's still alive Father who's in a Screamer form at the moment. The High Council ordered us not to transport Screamers unless their in their Freeloader form which only involves transportation to their presence and no where else. Sorry can't transport Tom's Father to Tom. High Council watching the situation via recorders has spoken their orders actually."
He exhaled a breath to inhale while eyeing Barry to mentally spoke sensing the Meritanian leave his mind "Don't leave! I'm not done talking to you!"
Jinks found the Meritanians refusing to scan his mind despite pleas for it saying “Meritanians please continue on scanning me!” 
He struggled against the pinned status pinning him to the wall as he eyed Tom continued on choking Barry who was acting panicky to him. 
Jinks mentally yelled “Meritanians!” repeatedly finding that they ignored his requests for a talk by refusing to scan him. 
He kept on eyeing Barry to mentally speak "Father, I'm sorry I wasn't able to save you like you saved me."
He eyed Barry who slump over in Tom's hand find Tom tossing the Builder aside to hit the padded wall and slide down onto the floor with form still. He eyed Tom warily who thrust a hand towards him he finding himself flying towards the male to get gagged onto the throat by Tom's clawed hand. 
Jinks gagged out "Tom, don't do this. Come on think Tom!"
He felt his voice cut off by the clawed hand getting tighter onto his neck as he attempted to do karate onto the male finding his mind scanned and efforts blocked by Tom anticipating him. Jinks struggled freeing he finding his efforts met failure to feel paralysis hitting his body. He found himself unable to breathe unable to see as darkness clouded his eyesight then he knew nothing else but darkness surrounding him all over.

Jinks woke up with a gasp feeling himself no longer paralysis but able to move with the lights of the room blaring fully in his eyesight. He found himself still in the gym room feeling he gasping for air. He breathed the air deeply to find Barry lying on the floor with eyes shut and form appearing to be still. Jinks felt he filmed without a word ignored the recorders to crawl towards Barry to reach a hand towards the Builder putting it onto the male's nose feeling for air. He felt nothing indicating of air coming from Barry groaned softly while eyeing the Builder. He got up and went to the gym room doors finding them humming of electricity from the sounds of them. Jinks willed forwards the Master finding a light flash into the room to see Ajax appearing still clad in his High Council wear clothes. He in a fast speed move darted towards Ajax to gag his son on the throat while giving him a glare.
Jinks heard blaring in his mind as Ajax acted panicky from the gagging "The High Council ordered the Meritanians to put Barry down asleep when it was obvious Mindbender was going to kill him. They did the same thing towards you in question. Besides Barry whenever he's down asleep doesn't do that nose breathing thing in question. You should have checked for his beater organ which is always beating whenever he's down asleep not giving off that nose breathing thing."
Jinks released Ajax to fold his arms while jabbing a finger aimed at the doors which he heard "It was Willingham who managed to get you both locked into here after Mindbender walked out. He was detected not thinking like a humanoid again. The High Council has managed via Meritanians to tell Willingham to have himself and servants out of the residence with the elevator door locked all contained inside. They managed to get my sister's door locked including doing the same towards other doors in the residence. I can't say if your residence furball is safe or not. Willingham was unable to catch her for containment due to how quickly the Meritanians manipulated him and your servants into the elevator. Snowy is hiding somewhere with movement detectors trying to track her movements while tracking Mindbender's movements. He took out the recorders to the residences by appearing to think about them. The Meritanians claim he's still in his gonoid thinking despite, he showing signs of humanoid thinking, when he took out the recorders in question."
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing Ajax's words as he opened his mouth to speak while inhaling only to get his son's voice within his mind "Don't talk, father. Mindbender seems to develop unusual strong hearing noises ability, whenever he's got the Berserker side in control. That including an attitude to attack whatever is the noises' source, whenever he's going through his hissing fit as the High Council calls them."
He clamped his mouth shut with a frown to find Ajax disappearing in light show with a loud click noise. He went to sit down on the padded floor hearing them squeak loudly from his manipulation making him annoyed. He eyed the double doors warily to hear a faint roaring noise sounding from outside the room and not within his mind. Jinks exhaled a breath to put a hand onto his scarred cheek with elbow onto his leg and eyed the doors seemingly lengthy while again hearing the faint roaring noise sounding louder again. He eyed the doors listening to sounds to hear the roaring noise become thuds that sounded faint to him. 
Jinks frowned as he got "Shouldn't you be waking up Barry now to do something?"
He stiffened from Lance flashing in his mind along with hearing the male's cruel voice adding "Only Barry can fix the damage he caused in the first place. He made Mindbender immune to your mental abilities including immune to Builders' voice talent orders, something he forgot to do."
Jinks exhaled another breath and without a word got up hearing the pads squeak underneath his sneakers making him annoyed. 
He went to Barry to will forwards the Master to place a hand on top of Barry's forehead to mentally spoke "Barry up!" 
Jinks got Barry waking up with a gasping sound of shock to him. 
He removed his hand while speaking "Why is Lance telling me that you used your voice talent order to make Tom immune to my mental abilities including immune to your Builder's abilities?"
He glared at Barry who spoke after sitting up golden eyes seen making him gulp "Mindbender aka Tom is no longer immune to Jinks aka Horus' mental abilities."
Jinks heard a thud sounding loud to him to speak firmly "Willingham got us locked into here while Victoria is locked in her room. Tom is currently contained in the residence at the moment. Ajax claims that Tom took out the recorders like he was thinking straightly like a humanoid. Meritanians according to Ajax claim that he's gonoid thinking when he did the recorders taking out."
Jinks wound up eyeing Barry with a glare who spoke in response "Meritanians."
Jinks frowned hearing Barry speaking that word as the Builder added while looking at him "The Meritanians aren't being honest regarding Tom's thinking at the moment."
He felt his mind scanned to hear "Aw come on Barry can't we have some fun around here?"
He groaned softly hearing Ramses' familiar blaring voice to keep his mind blank in response as he eyed Barry to feel the Meritanians quit scanning him to his relief. 
He eyed Barry who shut his eyes forming a concentration look onto his face to find the male speaking "Meritanians transport me to the High Council's presence now." 
Jinks found Barry transported out while hearing a thud sound coming from the double doors as he heard the familiar humming sound quit to his annoyance. Jinks got up from the floor hearing pads squeaking underneath his manipulations as the thudding got louder. 
He sighed and spoke loudly "I better not have any problems bringing down Tom you hear?"
Jinks again got the familiar thudding banging to find the doors beginning to bend a bit. 
He recalled the Master found it in control and waved a hand while mentally speaking "Doors unlock."
Jinks found the doors crashing open showing Tom still in his Berserker form hitting the floor like he was banging his body onto them. He stiffened seeing Tom getting up in an acrobatic move making his senses blare warning unexpectedly followed by the male charging towards him while growling angrily. 
Jinks felt his mind scanned as Tom halted his charge with a hand up to make him think "Your just angry at the High Council and is throwing a tantrum at the moment. How childish can you get?"
He glared at Tom who lowered his hand with eyes narrowed in a glare aimed at him as he felt his mind still scanned to mentally ad "Being childish isn't getting you anything but punishment. Stop it now and start thinking."
Jinks frowned as he felt the Master within him willed aside as if compelled to find Tom raising a hand towards him he finding himself thrown forwards to get gagged by the male's hand again choking him in a tight hold. Jinks gagged as he sensed the recorders in the room short out by them giving sparks of light followed by the feeling of them off hitting him. He gagged for breath as he felt himself freed unexpectedly to land onto his feet finding an albino like Shadonian male tall as Tom wearing raggedy clothing having a hand on Tom's hand that used to gag him. He eyed the albino to find the Shadonian appeared to be calm and formed golden eyes of a Builder eyeing Tom who he saw shut his eyes while willing aside his Berserker side. Jinks eyed Tom warily finding the male opened his eyes and then thrust his free hand towards the albino who held up a hand appearing to being doing something else than catching Tom's fist. He eyed the albino finding Tom kept on throwing his fist aimed at the Shadonian while appearing to suffer pain from it. He frowned finding the albino had a bare hand onto Tom's bare hand finding Tom kept struggling with failure to free himself from the Shadonian's grip while appearing to be suffering pain by the grimace on his face. Jinks frowned watching the scene to find the albino jabbing a finger aimed at him and towards the doors which he found himself compelled to walk out of the room shutting the doors. He kept an ear onto the door sensing he filmed from the feeling of it to grimace hearing a loud roaring sound while feeling vibrations from the roar through the doors. Jinks removed his ear once the electricity resumed onto the doors making him annoyed. He heard faint pounding sounds onto the doors from within the room to frown getting images flashing into his mind's eye making him annoyed. Jinks went to kneel onto the floor facing the doors while getting the images within his mind he recognized was during his period of going crazy to think himself as Guardian. He shut his eyes to concentrate on willing the images only to see fully in his mind like he was standing in the room watching Tom and the albino Shadonian. He watched as Tom went to the doors grunting of pain from touching them. 
Jinks frowned hearing blared in his mind while seeing the scene "Tom, that's not going to solve anything."
He frowned finding the voice sounded Shadonian but had a Summeran like language tones in it. He kept watching as Tom charged towards the albino who stepped aside and tripped the male with a bare foot appearing to look webby like to him. He eyed Tom who hit the floor pounding fists onto it before twisting his form onto his back to swing himself up and again charged towards albino who kept on tripping him at each charge. He found Tom refused to get the albino's message that charging towards him would result in being tripped to land face first onto the padded floor. 
Jinks mentally spoke as if compelled to do it "Do you really love Victoria?"
He found Tom remained onto the floor while still pounding fists onto it as he repeated his question. 
Jinks heard "Screw you Father! Get out of my mind now!"
He stiffened from hearing Tom's voice sounding within his mind to mentally speak "It's not this Father, talking but Jinks actually. Tell me do you love, Victoria?"
He frowned as Tom kneeled in response while rocking his form back and forth appearing to be crying tears as he saw the scene go black within his mind. Jinks heard the doors open followed by hearing Tom's wailing voice. Jinks got up opening his eyes to dart inside finding the albino Shadonian was gone from the room while feeling the recorders working again. 
He eyed Tom rocking his form back and forth while wailing he hearing "I love Victoria!"
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing Tom's words who kept on repeating them over and over while still wailing nonsense sounds back and forth “I love Victoria!” 
He groaned softly to will forwards the Master as if compelled and without a word walked up towards Tom still compelled to do it to place a hand onto Tom's shoulder halting the male's rocking. Jinks found Tom cutting off his noises to look at him with tear stained eyes he saw were of a humanoid and had fear in them while seeing the male appearing to gulp. 
He recalled fully himself yelling at Lance Knight “You letting yourself lose control wailing over your wife passing away in a plane crash! I have words for my son for letting grief take control of him!” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut while forming a thin line he eyeing Tom who spoke firmly he hearing desperation in the male's voice tone "I submit to your authority, Master."
He exhaled a breath and didn't say a word as Tom looked away to stare at the floor from the looks of it with his long hair dangling into his face he hearing quiet sobbing sounds from the male. Jinks kept his hand onto Tom's shoulder in a gentle grip hearing Tom kept up the crying seemingly lengthy before seeing the male rub his eyes with the sleeves of his sweatshirt. Tom appeared to have composed himself but avoided looking at him despite face looking in his direction. He found Tom's eyes focused onto the floor while looking at his direction with his face aimed at him. Jinks kept his hand onto Tom's shoulder seemingly lengthy while sensing nothing from Tom who kept staring at the floor. He sensed a light show to look finding Barry in the room who folded his arms forming his familiar glaring stare appearing to be aimed at Tom he glimpsed was looking at the Builder. He sensed Tom shake from his hand's grip onto Tom's shoulder gripped the area in a firmer grip while eyeing Barry to find the Builder flaring golden eyes with his familiar facial expression remaining the same while staring at the male. 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Tom was heard "I can't do a thing regarding how I feel towards Victoria, enough to let her be used for breeding offspring, fathered by other males. I'm jealous enough to want Victoria for myself alone. I'm just not happy with the fact that High Council insisted on having her used for breeding. I prefer to keep Victoria alone for myself to have as mine my mate and my other half. She's what I've been looking since Thura passed away. I was hoping on having a purpose to live with Victoria giving me, this purpose than just serving the High Council, something the Freeloaders disapproved of. They wanted me to have a purpose to live other than serving the High Council, hence they kept on communicating various comments aimed at me, on what they wanted for me to have. I was slow to get their message on what they were trying to tell me. The message turns out it wasn't the High Council but someone else to have a purpose to live."
He frowned hearing Tom's babbling voice finding Tom had cut his talk he eyed Barry who had a hand up palm facing the male while still keeping the golden eyed glare. 
Jinks frowned as Barry resumed folding his arms before speaking "Meritanians transport me out now."
He found Barry transported out to eye Tom who groaned loudly of pain to him while seeing the male rubbing hands through his long hair. Jinks kept his mouth shut as he removed his hand to will aside the Master finding Tom getting up to keep on staring at the floor. He walked out of the gym room sensing Tom following to go to the library to sit in an armchair finding the male shutting the double doors behind them and kneeling onto the floor with head bowled and heard him groaning again. Jinks kept his mouth shut as images flashed into his mind he shutting his eyes to concentrate fully onto the scenes that focused onto one scene. He saw two cops one appearing to be Gabriella gathered around a bed holding Tom's dead opponent he listened to them talking.
He heard from the male "Coroner is saying death is by heart organ stopping. She's still running tests to determine why paramedics' efforts to restart his heart met failure and him dead here."
He eyed Gabriella as if drawn to see her looking in his eyesight direction looking confused before looking away towards the male cop while speaking "How soon can the tests come back on internal organs?"
Jinks eyed the male who spoke in response after putting a sheet over Tom's opponent "Chief wants Mister Thunder arrested and brought to the precinct ASAP. He doesn't trust Mister Montreal to ferry Tom, as he's called out of his jurisdiction, just to avoid arrest."
Jinks saw the scene went black making him annoyed as he heard a loud ahem sound sounding of Willingham's voice opened his eyes to find Tom had appeared to be mediating but was ignoring the butler in the room. 
He eyed Willingham with a glare who spoke "Presses outside have demanded for your presence, Master. They also demand that Mister Thunder be there. Their not put off with the demands and are seemingly firm on it."
Jinks didn't say a word instead got up to tap Tom on the shoulder who spoke after opening his eyes "I've heard what he said. I was just mediating."
He didn't say a word left the library sensing Tom following to go the elevator to speak the command with the Master in control “The lobby.” 
He felt the thing go down reaching the lobby floor to find guards inside that armed their guns but remained in position in the room. Jinks walked out after keeping the Master in control to see the presses gathered outside that became silent seeing him and Tom besides him. 
He willed aside the Master to form a glare on his face while folding his arms to get the presses blaring question “What do you, Tom Thunder, have to say about your opponent passed away from a fight?” 
He sensed blinding lights to will forward the Master sensing silence from the presses and lights' sources quit to his relief. 
He kept his mouth in a thin line as cops about four of them arrive waving a piece of paper in his face saying “We have authority to arresting Tom Thunder and reading his rights.” 
Jinks found Tom giving him a glare look as he was led away into a van and driven off. He ignored the presses' blaring questions aimed at him “What do you say about the arrest of Tom Thunder?” to walk off going inside the lobby to meet Willingham there that spoke “Excuse me.”
Jinks glared at Willingham who spoke "You have a meeting in a Table room four with a cop, calling her, Gabriella David and her partner calling himself Bin Hong."
He didn't say a word took the proper elevator to the Table rooms to find a guard letting him into room number three. Jinks sat down leaning back with arms folded while legs crossed onto the table and sensed the Master in control. He willed it aside to sit eyeing the door to hear door knocking sounds before the cops were granted entry into the room. Jinks removed his legs off the table noticing Gabriella giving him a glare of accusation in her eyes despite giving him an irritation feeling in his sensitive part. He glared at Gabriella in return to find her partner with looks of a Highlander by facial appearance but had Human ears holding up a familiar tube device he sensing himself filmed. 
Jinks found Gabriella speaking “We’re interrogating Jinks Montreal with my partner Bin recording the scene on Tom Thunder’s fight. We’re including questions aimed at Mister Montreal on what he said towards Tom before the male improved his fighting style to fight better.” 
Jinks felt he annoyed with Gabriella's repeated questions spoke after standing up while pointing towards the door to the room "Get out now! I have an enough of your ridiculous questions! I had an enough of this interrogation!"
He glared at Gabriella who refused to budge instead noticed that Bin looked nervous but kept the recorder aimed at him as he willed forwards the Master to wave a hand towards Bin's recorder speaking “I order that to jam.”
Jinks wound up getting sparks flashing from that thing followed by the male cop dropping it onto the table while groaning loudly.
He got from Gabriella sounding of sneering "Destruction of Cops' property requires a thirty day time in jail including a fine in the high thousand dollar price."
Jinks leaned forwards putting hands onto the table sticking his face into Gabriella's while speaking firmly with the Master in control "I don't like that tone of your voice, Missy."
He glared at Gabriella who refused to back down instead spoke firmly "Hong see about arresting Mister Montreal for destruction of property and read him his rights now."
He straightened up his form in response while willing aside the Master to find Hong nervously getting his wrists handcuffed and reading him his rights before Gabriella got a hold of his arm and got him out of the room. Jinks didn't say a word as Gabriella got him outside via the lobby entrance to find the presses recording his move and silence from the crowd as he was escorted into a van and brought inside. Jinks kept his mouth shut during the ride to the police precinct finding himself brought inside and brought to an interrogation room. Jinks snapped off the handcuffs hearing gasps from the cops in the room and went to sit down in a chair next to the desk with arms folded giving Gabriella a glare while clearing his throat loudly. Jinks got Gabriella leaving the room in response while hearing her slamming the door to sense he filmed while eyeing the remaining cops in the room. The remaining cops appeared to be a pair of them both looking Highlander like via their faces but had Human like ears. He gave them a glare as one of them sat down in the chair opposite from him and spoke wording he hearing sounded of Builder's language to him but this time didn't use the compelling voice tone. 
He heard the Builder's language said “We’re starting up the interrogation we’re calling it an interview.” 
Before switching languages to Summeran and began interrogating him the twin questions Gabriella used regarding Tom's fight with an opponent that later died from it. Jinks found himself still speaking the same old story he told Gabriella and refusing to budge from changing it to the cop being demanding with questions including accusations aimed at him. He glared at the black window a few times as if drawn sensing Gabriella was watching him while behind it as he shifted to face the cop who appeared to get annoyed with the interrogation. He sensed himself remaining calm and refusing to blow his temper while eyeing the cop that seemed to get more and angrier by the questions thrown on at him using the angry tone. 
Jinks got the cop yelling "Bastard!"
He got up as the cop knocked aside the table followed by getting up in a fast move and saw the male got restrained by his partner who was appearing to be whispering into the male's ear. Jinks kept his mouth shut as the two cops left the room slamming the door. He resumed sitting in his chair as Gabriella arrived into the room to keep his eyes onto her as she straightened up the table before straightened up the chair and sat down leaning back with her arms folded a glare on her face while giving him a glare of accusation in her eyes. 
Jinks broke the silence after a lengthy staring "Nikolina Nikolas aka Gabriella David is your name."
He got a short head bob from Gabriella who didn't say a word in response kept on glaring at him as he added "I hear that your nickname is Nasty Nicky for bad luck happening to you whatever that is."
He got Gabriella's glare becoming more glaring sensed she was angry leaned forwards while willing forwards the Master and spoke "Your in denial about something aren't you hmm?"
Jinks got Gabriella speaking "Bastard."
He heard the angry voice tone of her voice willed aside the Master to smirk while eyeing her he sensing what his irritation hitting his sensitive part was. Jinks thrust his legs onto the table and crossed them while leaning back in the chair and held up his hands in some surrender gesture. 
Jinks spoke with sarcasm "I seemed to be a bastard wherever I go."
He resumed folding his arms to get Gabriella standing up to lean forwards while glaring at him her speaking "Spill it, bastard on what you're hiding."
He gave up hysterical laughter in response to clear his throat as Gabriella yanked his feet off the table he ignoring her doing it to find her leaning forwards further onto the area with both hands planted onto it. 
He spoke finding Gabriella kept on glaring at him with an angry look in her eyes "A woman's temper isn't proper in front of me. Simply calm yourself down, Missy."
He got Gabriella giving off a loud hiss who thrust the table aside to storm towards him with hands fisted as he got up unfolding his arms. He waited as Gabriella reached him to bring her hand slapping him onto the scarred cheek. Jinks didn't say a word as she quit the slap and gave him a glare in response while seeing her breathing hard appearing to be panting through her mouth. He didn't say a word instead in a fast move as if compelled grabbed Gabriella around the waist with a hand she not resisting to lay a kiss on her mouth she putting a hand on his scarred cheek while kissing him back as he kissed her. He kissed her lengthy feeling her feeling his scarred cheek he ignored her touch to break off the kissing after hearing a clapping sound in the room. Jinks went to sit down finding Gabriella shaking her head and leaving the room looking bewildered to him as he found the twin cops back into the room finding them calmer this time. He kept his mouth shut as one of the cops righted up the table before sitting down and gave him a wide eyed look.
He glared as the cop spoke "Wow, wee that was interesting seeing you charm Nasty Nicky into kissing. She's usually standoffish regarding males. Shocking seeing her letting you kiss her without suffering a knee to the kneeing you knows what."
He sensed the male lied to will forward the Master getting the cop gulping as he spoke "One talent I seem to have is detecting lies, Sir. You lied on what you said regarding Miss David. So get to the point of this talk now."
Jinks glared at the cop who appeared to gulp followed by the male speaking "Alright, I have questions that need answering such as this lie detecting ability you're claiming to have. You care to explain it in further detail?"
He gave the cop a short head bob after willing aside the Master finding the male asking “I’m questioning you on your all black eyed look including your lie detecting ability.” 
Jinks not holding anything back on what his abilities were involving the Master in control. Jinks found the cop seemed to not question him with repeated questions regarding his Master ability in control instead seemed to be aware of them by no look of surprise on his face after he said what the mental abilities does while in control. 
Jinks found the cop ending the talk by appearing to be listening to something with the head cocked before getting up and adding "Alright, you’re free to go. Sorry for the trouble, Mister Montreal. I'm not the responsible party for this arrest status done onto you. Sorry can't say who did it."
He didn't say a word in response got escorted out of the precinct to his familiar sedan to get inside finding Tom inside displaying his familiar Berserker look. Jinks were sensing the male was angry about something from the vibes he got from him. Jinks waited patiently as the sedan got started up by the driver followed by driving into the city to his home building
He eyed Tom who quit the Berserker look looking annoyed who spoke "Cops got me to blab everything involving my Berserker side in control. They showed me some recording of me displaying my Berserker side while there was of a cop being tossed all over the place. They demanded to know why he was flying around. That's when I was forced to tell them of my Berserker side and its mental abilities. They know that I can mind scan people with it in control as said by me and demonstrating it onto them. The cops seemed to have some kind of plan involving me by the looks they gave me indicting it. I recognized that look they gave me from someone else giving me that look enough to figure out that someone was up to something involving me."
Jinks kept his mouth shut in response as he leaned back and found the sedan arriving to his home building to get inside. Jinks got out finding Tom followed him out followed by getting into the elevator. He didn't say a word towards Tom. Jinks heard growling to find Tom showing his Berserker side in control. 
Jinks willed forwards the Master and spoke “I ordered the command for the elevator to go to my residence.” 
He felt the elevator go up followed by stopping to show Barry inside with arms folded a golden eyed glare on his face. Jinks walked out sensing Tom following to find Barry's attention was focused onto the male ignoring him.
He eyed Tom finding the male had willed aside his Berserker side and heard "Spill it, Barry on what you're doing towards Jinks now. I saw him display that look you display whenever you're concentrating onto seeing something within your mind. His facial appearance was twin to your concentration look actually."
Jinks eyed Barry in response to find the Builder giving him a glare which he sighed and spoke firmly "I have been getting images in my mind from time to time with a great deal of concentration, can get the images to shift into a scene, I don't have control on seeing."
He frowned while eyeing Barry who quit glaring at him to focus onto Tom with a glare he hearing from the Builder "Talk Tom on who made you immune to Builders' voice talent orders now. I didn't do such order onto you."
He got a light show to find a Barry's twin appearing while wearing a masked High Council wear's uniform with a cane to find Barry giving the twin a glare who spoke "I admit it I made him immune to Builders' voice talent orders. I took back that order in question when I saw him harming you, brother dear."
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Barry spoke in response "Kindly transport the both of us to your home now while we settle this argument now."
He found Barry's twin speaking in response "Meritanians transport us both to the Freeloaders' nesting area now."
He saw them both disappear into light shows with loud click sounds to eye Tom glaring at him.
Jinks found Tom speaking while jabbing a finger aimed at him "You seemed to get it what the Builders were saying in their gibberish language. Don't deny it for I saw that look on your face that suggested it."
Jinks exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak firmly "I got it what the Builders were saying."
He didn't say a word further as Tom gave up a loud Humph sound before the male added "Walls blabbed that Victoria gave up the offspring and is currently at her home resting at the moment. The public thinks she's in her home resting while I'm stuck here with you as thought by the public according to Walls who said that that fact to me."
Jinks exhaled a breath to inhale while speaking as Tom looked away "If you want I can arrange a ride for you to go to Victoria-"
He was interrupted by Tom flaring his Berserker side and blaring in his mind while looking at him "Don't bother. Victoria kicked me out during an argument and threw my stuff into the hallway all of it in a duffle bag. She refuses to have anything to do with me when I talked to her in your spare bedroom, just prior to going down into a status involving carrying offsprings. She laid down the law that my nasty reaction towards a child of hers was the last straw in being paired towards me. She had managed to get some annulment papers drawn up and is waiting for my signature for me to sign to quit the marriage with her. Don't bother changing Victoria's mind on this. I mind scanned her and found out that she didn't really want to be married towards me. She only did it, due to publicity's believing her as Veronica Thomas, including wanting her to have a husband. She doesn't want to be paired towards a male in question, instead keep her independence of living single while being a famous writer."
Jinks frowned hearing Tom's words as Tom looked away while willing aside his Berserker side to hear a loud meow. He found Snowy getting onto Tom's shoulder and meowing loudly followed by Tom cradling the cat in his arms to go sit down onto a couch with the furball on his lap and appeared to be snoozing away. 
Jinks didn't say a word instead left the room and went to Victoria's room as if drawn figuring out "Damn Meritanians must be manipulating me again."
He went to Victoria's former bedroom to knock onto the door to find it open showing Victoria looking like she hadn't slept well by the dark circles underneath her eyes. 
Jinks spoke "Mind if I come in daughter mine?"
He got Victoria opening the door wider and stepping into the room as he walked inside shutting the door and noticed his daughter going to lie onto the bed and looking like she was resuming a crying status again.
He sighed and spoke "Daughter mine, tell me what's gotten you upset?"
Jinks eyed Victoria who spoke "It's Tom."
He heard the broken voice tone of Victoria's to go sit onto the bed next to her and didn't say a word as she spoke he hearing her “I’m confirming Tom's mental talk as blabbed by Walls eavesdropping.” including adding "The public is balking on seeing me as Victoria Montreal, instead this time their seeing me as Veronica Thomas, author of romance novels. They expect me to act like one of my characters in one of my romance novels, in the Veronica Thomas persona married to a handsome hunky guy. I didn't like being married to Tom anyway. I sort of fell into the public's expectations regarding my Veronica Thomas's person including pairing myself towards Tom himself."
Jinks didn't say a word instead kept his silence as Victoria rolled over curling into a ball he hearing a door knocking sound to look while getting up to find Tom standing in the doorway he seeing the male's face indicating that he overheard Victoria's words. Jinks went to sit down in an armchair in the room keeping he quiet as Tom entered the room shutting the door ignoring him. He watched as Tom stripped himself of his clothes and shoes while leaving the male clad in only his underwear shorts and got onto the bed with Victoria to pull her gently against him. Jinks frowned as Victoria clung towards Tom while appearing to be weeping tears he hearing her quiet sobbing sounds. He continued to watch as Tom formed tears on his face and found the male clingier towards Victoria finding her rubbing hands onto Tom's front he noticing the male didn't react to her touching him. Jinks continued to watch till he felt the familiar squeeze on his shoulder to find a Charon next to him in a feminine form as always. 
The Charon he eyed signed "Leave. I'll watch. Their reaction towards each other seems to indicate that their going to do a mating ritual. They won't do it in front of you but in front of me, they will."
Jinks sighed softly and without a word got up and quietly left the bedroom gently shutting the door to meet Willingham outside which he spoke firmly "See that Victoria and Tom isn't disturbed unless it's for an emergency."
He glared at Willingham who gave a head bob followed by the butler speaking "With due respects Master it's time for you to go sleep as you require it."
He sighed and without a word went to his bedroom to find Snowy seated on his bed that gave up a meow in a questioning tone. Jinks ignored Snowy to get onto the bed lying his form down and shutting his eyes feeling the cat getting onto his front to purr away lulling him to sleep. This time his sleep was a restful one with no nightmares of Katherine, as seen into his mind.

Jinks woke up hearing the alarm clock blare its familiar noises to find Snowy off his front to get up finding the cat snoozing on a pillow next to his and appeared to ignore him staring. He went into the bathroom to start his day something I don’t care to focus onto.

Jinks came out clad in fresh clothes and his familiar shoes to get out of the bedroom finding Willingham standing waiting for him.
He glared at Willingham to speak firmly "Anything on Tom and daughter mine?"
He got from Willingham "Their still in the residence at the moment in your spare bedroom. I checked onto them earlier before checking onto you. They appear to be busy doing something private between couples when I peeked. I suggest you avoid disturbing them. 
Mister Thunder displayed his Berserker side when I peeked and ordered me out mentally saying ‘Get out!’
Miss Montreal backed him up while giving me that look you usually gave me involving you’re eyes in question."
Jinks sighed and didn't say a word instead went to the dining room to take in nourishment. He went to the gym room once done to practice his karate due to feeling like needing to do it. He focused himself on doing drilling on both sides including stretching on both sides finding his body didn't complain of that. Jinks once done swing himself up to find Tom in the doorway watching him while clad in his sweats with arms folded a glare on his face.
He spoke firmly "Something I can do for you?"
He got from Tom displaying his Berserker side and broadcasting within his mind "That butler of yours is really nosy onto what Victoria and I were doing. I kept sensing him spying onto the both of us while we were doing mating rituals. I even caught him in the room watching us with a glare on his face. I had to kick him out along with no help from Victoria on that issue. 
The High Council managed to break up the mating ritual by having Walls broadcast to us ‘Your to have Victoria transported to her apartment so she could get some rest from her carrying status.’ 
They told me via Walls that I was seen entering your home so I would have to being seen leaving that way instead of transported out."
Jinks spoke mentally finding Tom quit the talk but still scanning him "I specified to the butler not to disturb you and Victoria unless it's an emergency."
He glared at Tom who quit the Berserker side to find the male speaking while sensing the recorders in the room off "Your butler nosily only had me do just touching towards Victoria and nothing else involving that. Victoria didn't do anything to encourage me to do anything else mating wise than just touch her all over the place. She did the same thing towards me despite my attempts to do mating which your butler blocked that from happening via his voice talent used. Victoria sort of underneath his control blocked me from doing any mating instead allowed me to touch her where she never been touched before and I the same she towards me."
Jinks exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak finding the recorders back on "If you want I can arrange for a vehicle to drive you to your home ASAP."
He frowned while eyeing Tom who shook his head in a no gesture to find the male rolling his sleeve showing a blinking round ball like device into his lower arm and speaking "Cops injected me with this homing beacon they called this. They don't trust me to leave town hence the implant in question. Besides a certain group you hate told me to stay with you and keep my wife's home location a secret for now. The cops according to them know which building she stays in but not the apartment she's in. The neighbors in that building haven't been forthcoming to the cops on which apartment she stays in with me there. The neighbors from what I know of them are people well known in the public eye and don't like cops being nosy onto where their living while their home residences is in that building in question."
Jinks spoke while walking out of the gym room "Interesting anyway. What's Victoria's reaction towards you having that implant in question?"
He found Tom shutting the doors to stand in the hallway while staring at the male who spoke "Her reaction is to agree with the High Council on having me stay out of her residence while I have this implant into my arm. They including Victoria want me to stay with you. Besides what's with you kissing a cop on the lips? I saw that in your mind of you doing it to some cop, I recognized belonged to a male named Nikolas. He's down asleep contained at the moment. Her face is twin to him actually."
Jinks spoke figuring out that the truth would be best "Her name is Gabriella David aka Nikolina Nikolas as said by Ajax. Besides she sort of gets me itching to do what a male wants to do towards a female if you get my meaning. It's something the butler blocked you from doing towards Victoria."
He saw understanding in Tom's eyes followed by Tom speaking "Interesting. I'm surprised that she's gotten you interested mating wise. I heard that you abstained from mating since Victoria came to exist. What's up with that?"
Jinks spoke firmly "I wound up shaming myself hence I abstained from the mating onto females. Besides I'm not even sure of why I'm having these mating interests towards this cop in question. I normally don't have any mating interests hitting me whenever I'm in presence of females in question. I've managed to discipline myself enough to avoid these mating interests. This is shocking me that I'm having it after awhile of not having it in question."
Jinks clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Tom to find the male speaking "Humph."
He didn't say a word in response walked away sensing Tom following him to go to the library to sit into an armchair to find the male kneeling onto the floor with eyes shut and appearing to be mediating. 
Jinks spoke firmly "Let me guess the cops told you to shadow me around while in here as they track you hmm?"
He got Tom giving him a glare in response followed by the male speaking "That and other things said to me regarding what I was supposed to do towards you in question. They sort of claimed that an implant put into you wouldn't work. Instead your body would reject it and toss it out. Something my body isn't doing towards my implant in question. Excuse me."
He saw Tom resume mediating to lean back into the chair to feel an indentation of a book which he yanked out. Jinks found another book placed onto the table to pick it up and discovered it was a Veronica Thomas book appearing to be a romance novel from the looks of a couple in a clinch on the cover while wearing odd clothing. He sighed and opened the book beginning to read the story finding he very interested in it to continue on reading it. Jinks read the book till he heard a door knocking sound to find Willingham at the door with Tom sitting in an armchair nose into a book from the looks of it. 
He frowned to eye Willingham who spoke "Master, you have a visitor a cop naming her Gabriella David in Table room four."
He sighed and thumped down the book onto the table finding Tom ignoring him by continuing on reading his book. Jinks walked out and took the route to the Table room three to sit waiting with arms folded legs crossed onto the table. Jinks waited as Gabriella entered the room giving him a glare of accusation in her eyes. He felt himself itching to mate from the feeling hitting him raised his hands in a surrender gesture while removing his legs off the table.
Jinks spoke firmly "Something I can do for you this time, Missy?"
He got Gabriella giving him a glare and speaking "Spill it on what charms your doing towards me."
Jinks got up to lean against the table with hands onto it and speaking "I could ask you the same thing, Miss David. You managed to break down my discipline of abstinence towards mating with females in question. Don't deny it that you have some kind of charm enough to break this abstinence vow."
He glared at Gabriella while willing forwards the Master to find her appearing to continue to glare giving him another look of accusation in her eyes. 
Jinks glared narrowing his eyes as Gabriella spoke "Charm? You accuse me of witchcraft as it's called? I'm not a witch but a cop. I'm not doing this spell work. You're some kind of deity as you flaunt yourself to the public. I accuse you of doing the same thing towards me."
Jinks kept his mouth shut while straightening up his form to fold his arms as Gabriella added "I further accuse you of targeting me only for mating like males do around this stinking city before they break off the relationship once their done with the deed in bed."
Jinks sensed she lie spoke "You lied on that talk, Miss David. So tell me the truth now!"
He glared at her to see Gabriella gulp followed by speaking "I was raped by a former boyfriend who got away with it, in a court of law, using some money status, to make me guilty. He's now dead. I heard my Father shot him dead, hence he's contained in jail for a life sentence. He's at the moment dying of terminal cancer. The rape is why I became a cop just to prevent some situations of this from happening again. The cops in the precinct have nicknamed me Nasty Nicky, me avoiding dating males and shooting down dating requests. They do know my name isn't Gabriella David but Nikolina Nikolas and have referred me as Missy, whenever they address me to do something, including orders in question."
He found Gabriella told the truth by not getting his lying sense. Jinks in response recalled how he got Nathan his son to existence willed aside the Master and slowly walked towards Gabriella getting her gulping but remaining on standing. He didn't say a word in response to her instead reached Gabriella to gently place hands onto her back and pushed her form towards his pressing it onto him. He sighed sensing her not complaining to it as he gently hugged her and stroked her hair that was up in a ponytail. Jinks hugged Gabriella seemingly lengthy keeping himself soothing towards her as she clung towards him in response to hear her crying tears while burying her face onto his shoulder. He gently leaned the scarred cheek onto the side of Gabriella's head while gently rubbing her back in a soothing motion as she kept on crying tears. Jinks kept his mouth shut seemingly lengthy as there was a door knocking sound heard. He eyed the door to spot Gabriella's partner Bin Hong entering the room who had a pity look in the male's eyes. He didn't say a word as Bin went to Gabriella to appear to whisper into her ear he forcing himself to not react to hearing, he lip reading.
"The judge granted your Father a get out of jail request how terminal his cancer is. He's now freed and asking for you. Your Father is currently in Saint Mary's hospital in Waterbury, Connecticut at the moment. Their specialized for people suffering from terminal cancer diagnoses, as in making them comfortable, before their god deity asks them home." He lip read from Bin while still holding Gabriella.
Jinks gently released Gabriella who didn't say a word towards him instead went to Bin who he saw mouthed he lip read "Thanks for helping Missy with a problem, she wasn't acknowledging. Chief figured out what she was upset about and wanted her to talk to you about it, I overheard via recorders in the room."
He gave a head bob in response as Bin placed an arm around Gabriella not resisting to that and gently took her out of the room finding the guards shutting the door. Jinks found his familiar discipline on abstinence taking control to his annoyance while hearing laughter like tones within his mind. 
Jinks glared at the floor as he heard Ramses' blaring "I'm the great mighty Ramses the great! I'm all knowing deity-"
He felt Ramses continue after a cut off "Alright cut the earthquakes you have the one who's name you hate doing onto us now! I found this cop named Nikolina Nikolas no descendant to Horus but Nikolas asleep in containment having a problem with mating with males. I sort of rigged Horus and her to get together to get Nikolina to admit her problem towards males and mating with them. Her admittance to Horus sort of helped Nikolina figure out her problem which her adoptive brother Bin Hong has been after her to seek out counseling for her problem. Bin from mind scans thinks counseling will help her out which I'm seeing in Nikolina's mind a debate on this issue at the moment."
Jinks felt his mood plummet followed by walking out of the room feeling Ramses quit talking to him but felt his mind scanned to his annoyance. 
He went to the elevator to speak “I give the command for my apartment.” while folding his arms still feeling his mind scanned. 
Jinks heard "It's Walls. The High Council from hearing them is up to something on having you break your abstinence vow as you call it towards females."
He mentally spoke in response recalling something "I thought I had that vow broken by letting a female Highlander have her way with me enough to cause a mating?"
He heard in response "That was actually by Ajax throwing a hissy fit towards the High Council on them claiming his Mother allowed you to mate with her that created him. Ajax claims it was forced mating that caused him to be created a belief he kind of has his mind set back then. He's not thinking that view at the moment instead have accepted the fact that he was created willingly. Besides the one who's name the High Council hates hearing, got a hold of Ajax and told him off on this forced mating view, enough to get your offspring to drop the thinking. Excuse me, got something else to do."
He felt Walls leave his mind entered his residence to find Tom wrestling with Snowy by letting the cat chew onto his hand and back paw it. He sighed as Snowy gave off a loud meow to quit the playing to get onto his shoulder and rubbed her face onto his ear. Jinks sighed and feeling Snowy purring as he adjusted position to hold her feeling her rumbling away her motor boat he called her vibrations. He sighed and went to sit down onto a couch finding Tom joining him while leaning back and groaning loudly. 
Jinks spoke once Tom quit the groaning "What's gotten you upset, Tom?"
He eyed Tom who spoke while looking at him "I'm anxious to know what the results of the tests done onto my opponent that died during a fight with him. I do hope I didn't hit him too hard to cause him to die. It'll wreck me up. I kind of have been counting on those fights in this sport to help me get rid of some urges. Besides it was a kid dying of cancer that I oath to be in this sport for charity. I don't want to make his family look bad. Public knows of this oath and who this kid and family is despite refusing to say who it is. They keep on saying hints that they know who the kid and family is. I haven't heard a word from this kid's family regarding the incident or anything presses wise in opinion towards me."
Jinks frowned as Tom looked away while again giving off further groaning sounds. He didn't say a word in response to find Snowy getting off his lap to go to Tom's lap to sit onto the male's front in a tummy sit style. Jinks sighed as Snowy appeared to put Tom asleep by the soft snoring sound the male made and still form with head bowed. He sighed and got up from the couch to walk away to go to the dining room as if compelled to find a Highlander wearing a suit there typing onto a laptop computer.
He spoke firmly recognizing the lawyer as one of the McBroom's lawyers group "Are you hear for Tom's defense in a court of law?"
He got the lawyer looking up and speaking as if hearing him "Not really. The High Council got a hold of the test results this opponent died of. Turns out he had an illegal performance acting drug in his system. There's an outstanding warrant for this fighter's arrest in this state name of Nevada for this issue."
Jinks exhaled a breath as the lawyer added "Besides I'm not here for this issue actually. The family of Jason Finely, the offspring who got Mindbender to oath his oath to fight for charity, has publicity came out announcing this issue, including releasing Mindbender of his oath saying ‘Mindbender doesn't need to do the oath anymore.’ 
They say ‘Someone else told them to have charity tournament for fighters to fight for charities, they're representing enough to earn extra money from the fights instead of focused onto one fighter to do that job.’ 
By the way where is Mindbender at the moment?"
Jinks heard in response "Right here."
He looked to find Tom standing in the doorway to the hallway holding onto Snowy who seemed content being held to him. 
Jinks eyed Tom who walked further into the room speaking "I heard everything you said."
He heard the sadness in Tom's voice tone frowned to shift to eye the lawyer who pulled out a piece of paper from his briefcase and spoke while handing it to him "It's from the Extreme Brock Baxter sport's council. They want you to read the letter's contents. It's addressed to Horus."
Jinks read the paper finding its contents was telling him “Tom Thunder is a termination of competing in the sport's contract including forbidden from coaching. The council allowed himself to coach other fighters if inclined to do but wasn't allowed to fight period.” 
He groaned softly while rubbing a hand on his forehead to hear from Tom "Its bad news isn't it?"
He spoke the paper's contents firmly while eyeing Tom to see the male get further dejected by the shoulders slumping over while still holding onto Snowy. 
Jinks handed the paper back to the lawyer to hear from Tom "So I'm just nothing but a figurehead husband for Victoria to flaunt to the public for her Veronica Thomas persona."
He heard the angry voice tone in Tom's voice eyed Tom to find the male wasn't forgetting onto holding Snowy instead had put the cat onto his shoulder while folding his arms and looking angry to him. Snowy he eyed rubbed her face onto Tom's head while giving off friendly mews in a soft tone to get Tom bowing his head and groaning loudly.
Jinks frowned as he heard from Tom who quit the groaning "I took that sport needing an outlet for my karate. I didn't like the choreographed karate, I was doing while acting or stunting for people. It sort of bothered me enough to want to take this sport in question. I needed an outlet to continue on keeping up my karate. I liked the karate but the mindless practicing, it over and over, without a way of seeing if I was still keeping it up, when it comes to fights was bothering me."
He sighed softly as he eyed the lawyer in response to find the male looking at Tom who the Highlander spoke "Alright, anything else you want to admit, Mindbender?"
Jinks frowned hearing the edge in the lawyer's voice tone found Tom looking up flaring golden eyes which the male spoke firmly "I'm still struggling over my urges to assassinate people despite having that hit from time to time. I thought that fighting in this sport would help my urges go away. Instead it's sort of been a struggle to try to avoid trying to assassinate my opponents. I had to restrain myself from doing it including flaring my Berserker side."
Jinks eyed Tom who flared his Berserker side to wave a clawed hand towards the lawyer who spoke while looking at him he looking "The High Council has assured me that they have nothing to do with this latest stunt as Mindbender is broadcasting within my mind. Besides the High Council have said that the fights as they call it between Horus and Mindbender to continue but the locations vary on where you both are to fight only using physical combative art moves period. Excuse me, my business here is done."
He eyed the lawyer who put the paperwork into his briefcase including folding the lap top to put into the case then looked at Tom with a scared look.
Jinks spoke hearing Tom's growling noise "Tom, will that status away now."
He repeated his words in a firmer voice tone while giving Tom a glare that looked at him with his eyes before shifting away the Berserker look and speaking "I'll be in the gym room. Kindly tell your butler to butt out. I'm in the mood to assassinate something."
He saw Snowy still on Tom's shoulder that walked up towards him and took the cat off of him to thrust her to him who he took that gave up a meow sounding annoyed to him. Jinks put Snowy onto his shoulder that sat onto his shoulder and gave up an ear splitting yowl. He sighed to fold his arms as Tom stomped out of the room out of sight to eye the lawyer who followed out in a fast speed move while glancing at him to spot the male meet Willingham on the way to halt his walk.
Jinks eyed Willingham who spoke "Meritanians transport this Highlander to the garage room now."
He found the Highlander disappearing in a light show to continue to eye Willingham who entered the room speaking towards him "You have a visitor in your bedroom answering to the name of Yeliza who claims that you know what she’s is here for."
Jinks sighed and took Snowy off his shoulder to place onto the floor that darted into the wall through a cat door giving off a yowl. He went to his bedroom to find Yeliza lying on his bed looking like she was naked underneath the blanket to him. He spotted her clothes on the armchair in the room to sigh seeing Barry appear into a light show to sit down in the seat ignoring Yeliza's clothes. 
Jinks saw while eyeing Barry who spoke while appearing to address Yeliza "It's your turn to get him interested into doing the mating. I'm just here to watch as ordered."
He sighed and didn't say a word laid his form down onto the bed while staring at the ceiling feeling Yeliza stripping him of his clothes he ignored. He kept on staring at the ceiling as Yeliza got a hold of his sensitive part making him annoyed with her touch as always. Jinks glared at the ceiling feeling he not inclined to mate as Yeliza played with his sensitive part. He felt himself fed up with Yeliza's licking and mouthing him all over threw her off the bed before getting up to go pick up his clothes and stormed into the bathroom slamming the door while locking it. He went into the shower to shower finding himself stared at to spot Gabriella in the bathroom with him looking shocked to see him by her widen eyes. He cut the shower and without a word walked out ignoring his naked status to stand staring at Gabriella clad in sweats instead of her cop uniform that appeared to gulp again while looking him up and down not sparing his sensitive part. 
Jinks sighed softly and without a word towards Gabriella kneeled while eyeing her and speaking firmly "I submit to you."
Jinks kept his mouth in a thin line while eyeing Gabriella who appeared to get scared before groaning loudly he heard. He made no movement towards Gabriella who stripped herself of the sweats showing her clad in a tank top and men's underwear from the looks of it. He eyed her as she stripped herself of the undergarments baring her body he feeling himself getting hard enough to want to mate but made not movement to act on it. Jinks eyed Gabriella who grimaced before going towards him to push him down onto the floor he feeling the heated floor warming his back while lying onto it with his form straight. He kept his hands to himself and stared at the ceiling sensing himself filmed but ignored it. Jinks waited seemingly lengthy as Gabriella's hand touched his sensitive part making him harder from the touch. He gritted his teeth to refrain from gasping out loud from her hands' explorations of his sensitive part making him itching to mate further. Jinks continued to stare at the ceiling keeping he from acting onto mating with Gabriella as she felt him all over his front not sparing his stomach muscles that were bulging out as always. He kept his eyes onto the ceiling as Gabriella straddled him while grabbing his sensitive part and sighed softly feeling himself guided into her while refraining from showing any emotion to the feel of her insides making him feel good. Jinks continued to eye the ceiling as Gabriella rocked her onto him while feeling her hands touching his shoulders and exhaled a breath as he spilled himself inside her. He felt himself still hard to shift to eye Gabriella in the eyes with a frown on his face finding her gently kissing him on the lips he kissed back in response. He sighed as she broke off the kiss and pulled him out of her before getting up. Jinks got up without a word and felt a compulsion to hug Gabriella which he obeyed finding her not protesting to it. He hugged her gently before releasing her and then walked out of the bathroom finding Yeliza sitting on the bed with arms folded looking annoyed. He sighed as he saw Barry seated in the armchair with a concentration look on the Builder's face. Jinks groaned softly and without a word went to the bed finding Yeliza not saying a word instead seemed to be aware of what was going on in the bathroom by her giving the door a narrowed eyed glare before shifting to glare at him. Jinks didn't say a word towards her instead laid his form down onto the bed and sighed as Yeliza's hand got a hold of his sensitive part which he gave up a loud growl twisted their forms till Yeliza was underneath him while finding her hand still remained touching him. He willed forwards the Master finding Yeliza's fingernails digging into his sensitive part as he glared at her, her glaring at him back. 
Jinks glared at Yeliza spoke "That's not proper Master, kindly turn onto your back now."
He obeyed to find Yeliza running her hands onto his sensitive part before he sighed as he felt himself inside her. He sighed softly while staring at the ceiling feeling her working onto him he ignored as he felt himself spill inside her. Jinks didn't say a word as Yeliza removed herself from him to get off the bed he feeling her leaving to sigh while sitting up to find Gabriella standing in the bathroom's doorway with a frown on her face. Jinks sighed softly and without a word got up walking towards her to halt once a hand's length away. He looked down eyeing her in the eyes who looked up to meet his eyes with no fear in them but a questioningly look in them.
Jinks figured that the truth was best spoke "One of my offsprings came to exist, me raping the offspring's Mother, in a forced mating ritual. The Mother was married at the time to someone else that made it clear, I was to raise the offspring with no help from him or the Mother period. I wound up realizing what I did was wrong and took up a vow of abstinence. I avoided mating with females, even throwing myself, into doing physical exercises, dubbed karate, I keep up religiously, whenever those urges hit, including other times to keep my physical fitness levels up."
Jinks sighed softly finding Gabriella still having the questioningly look in her eyes. 
He spoke "A certain group got me to confront my issues regarding mating with females, by having me obey any orders a certain female said to me, whenever it comes to doing mating rituals. You're the first in awhile I allowed to have your way with me. I do admit, I mate more than once as a part of my body's system, hence my reaction towards that female in question."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Gabriella who appeared to compose herself before walking away he found her going to Barry to kneel in front of the Builder. 
He wound up eyeing Barry in response to find the Builder speaking "Meritanians transport Nikolina back to her home now."
He found Gabriella disappearing in a light show to stand staring at Barry to get thrust his clothes and shoes by Yeliza who he heard "Clothes are a must to be worn around here other than that naked status your going around."
He sighed and didn't say a word to put on his clothes and shoes before finding Yeliza kneeling in front of Barry to see the Builder was making finger pointing gestures that made him confused to see. 
He figured to himself "Must be some kind of sign language."
Jinks eyed Barry to find the Builder giving him a glare and speaking "Jinks out now. I want a private talk with Yeliza."
He obeyed to leave the bedroom to go to the library as if drawn to find Tom inside appearing to be mediating to him. Jinks found the compulsion to go inside the room continued as he obeyed to quietly go sit in the armchair picking up his book and reading it while finding Tom wasn't acknowledging him. 
Jinks made a good dent into the Veronica Thomas book to get over two thirds through to hear a door knocking sound to look up finding Willingham at the door who spoke "Master, you have visitors in Table room four, a Gabriella David and a Bin Hong, both cops who request Tom Thunder's presence to be there. They came carrying a briefcase and is accompanied by your lawyer there. I'm ordered to have you go to that room and meet them inside."
Jinks sighed and placed the book onto the table finding Tom still in the room that gestured for him to lead the way which he obeyed going to the elevator to feel the thing move without giving any commands. He walked out followed by Tom to reach the designed room to walk inside to glare with arms folded finding his familiar Highlander lawyer there typing onto a laptop while spotting Gabriella not acknowledging the bathroom mating by her glare and Bin forming a frown. 
Jinks spoke firmly "Is there something you want now? I'm getting a little annoyed with the cops visiting me."
He glared at Gabriella who held up a gun device and spoke appearing to address Tom "Your arm, Mister Thunder, for removing the implant."
Jinks eyed Tom who obeyed to go up towards Gabriella to find the female putting the gun device into Tom's arm to see the implant get taken out followed by Bin rubbing the area with appearing to be wet cloth. 
Tom he eyed rolled down the sleeve and went to sit down in a chair at his sign language gesture to do it “You’re to go sit down.” 
Jinks spoke "Anything else now?"
He glared at Gabriella who he saw looked at the lawyer who spoke loudly as if noticing her looking "Actually there are no charges to be brought against you and Mister Thunder in question. Mister Thunder is forbidden from having anything to do with the Extreme Brock Baxter sport such as fighting or coaching."
Jinks willed forwards the Master hearing Tom's growl to find Tom had willed forwards the Berserker side as the lawyer continued talking ignoring the male's noises "I do warn you that the opponent's family may sue Mister Thunder in a wrongful death lawsuit despite told that he wasn't responsible for the death. I can't say what the courts of law will say regarding this issue at the moment. The opponent's family has the right to sue the sport's governing body and Mister Thunder he for what happened to their family member. Anything else you want to know Miss David regarding this matter Ma'am?"
He glared at Tom who was still displaying his Berserker side to see the male slouch further into the chair with arms folded and saw the male resumed a Human appearance.
He willed aside the Master to resume glaring at the cops not sparing either one a glare as Bin spoke "Excuse me. Our business here is done."
He kept the glare as Gabriella and Bin left the room the male cop carrying the briefcase the female cop ignoring him glaring. 
Jinks heard the door shut while noticing the cops were gone from the room went to the lawyer to snarl loudly "What are you saying that you're not saying in front of the cops?"
He glared at the lawyer who he heard broadcasted within his mind "The High Council hinted via hints of the Meritanian variety that they'll personally attend to the opponent's family if they think of targeting Mindbender or you in a wrongful death lawsuit in question. The Meritanians from what they said made it clear that the opponent's family has some thinking of having you pay for an after school sporting program within the city that is reportedly in debt and struggling to keep the program active. That after school sporting program in question is used to keep offsprings regardless of how old they are out of law breaking behavior boredom and not having much to do within the city."
Jinks frowned hearing that as the lawyer added using his voice "I have plans to have associates contact Mister Thunder's former opponent's family offering services for settling their thinking regarding what they need to do towards Mister Thunder in question. I'll keep you updated on what they have in mind once they speak of it. Excuse me."
He saw the lawyer put away the laptop into the briefcase and walk out of the room to focus onto Tom displaying his Berserker side who flexed a clawed hand in his direction he feeling his mind scanned.
Jinks heard "I saw the lawyer giving you mental talk so talk on what's he's saying now or I'll get it out of your mind."
He sighed softly as he felt his mind still scanned to repeat what the lawyer said to him before hearing from Tom again mentally "I would rather pay for the after school program anyway. I was in militia school where kids from other cities were thrown into that school with me. The kids complained of boredom and not having much to do after school as said to me. Some of those kids wound up in trouble with the law due to boredom and not having anything to do to keep them amused. I suggested you pay for that after school program willingly anyway."
Jinks sighed as he felt his mind quit being scanned by Tom removing his Berserker side to get up giving him a glare and the male speaking "Shouldn't we get out of this depressing room?"
He frowned to walk out sensing Tom following to enter the elevator hearing ahem noise to find Willingham in the elevator holding a duffle bag.
Jinks glared at Willingham who spoke "Mister Thunder, your personal items are in this bag. Besides the car a hired driver is outside parked at the front entrance at the moment. Master, you're required to see him off."
Jinks didn't comment a response gave spoke “I give the order to the lobby.” to the elevator's computer to feel the thing going down. 
He stood as Tom took the bag from Willingham and got handed his wraparound sunglasses which the male put on. He walked out as the elevator reached the lobby to walk out of the entrance hearing silence from the crowd to shake hands with Tom using his right hand. He watched as Tom walked through an aisle through the crowd still silently watching to get into a sedan by a Highlander driver opening the car door. He felt a compulsion to walk away obeyed to walk into the lobby to hear a faint sound that sounded familiar while turning around to spot the blast doors slamming down with a bang sound as guards thrust their guns aimed at the doors. 
Jinks spoke firmly "What's going on?"
He got from a guard "Car explosion, sir."
He stiffened to will the blast doors up while darting out to find the crowd gathered in a circle some backing away while noticing him coming towards him to spot Tom lying on the ground Berserker side in control and sunglasses off his face with eyes shut and appearing to look unconscious to him as he spotted the sedan engulfed in fire. Jinks went to Tom to kneel next to the male gently patting Tom's cheek and waiting with the Master in control for him to acknowledge him. He didn't have long to wait as Tom jerked open his eyes with a roaring sound which he slammed a hand onto Tom's chest firmly keeping it onto it as the male growled angrily. He saw Tom's eyes look like they had murderous rage into them but kept his hand firmly onto the male's front waiting patiently for him to calm down. Jinks waited as Tom calmed down from the murderous rage seen in the male's eyes before willing aside his Berserker side and removing his hand off his chest and sitting up. He didn't say a word instead got a hold of Tom's arm to lift Tom up to stand while standing up himself to glare at the crowd as cops arrived shooing the people away from the raging inferno. Jinks found a car door lying on the ground where Tom was lying on it looking like it was bent to him. 
He got Tom glaring at him as he willed aside the Master and spoke firmly "Come with me now."
He walked away towards the building's entrance to find Tom following once inside he spoke towards the male "Go sit down. I want you checked out by the medics for anything serious."
He jabbed a finger aimed at an armchair to find Tom obeying to add towards the guards "Check for paramedics and for the driver if he's ok. Be sure to get the medics into here for checking out, Mister Thunder."
He waited as a guard left the lobby minus his gun while darting outside. Jinks didn't have long to wait as two paramedics both females each carrying a duffle bag in one hand arrived following the guard going towards Tom to appear to run their devices over him. He kept his eyes onto the females finding Tom cooperating to the medical scans including their requests for his other side they called his Berserker side to come out he obeying without a complaint. Jinks sensed a familiar nagging feeling hitting him as the paramedics ran their scanners over Tom. He looked away as the feeling took control to stiffen of shock running through him of a memory played into his mind. Jinks resumed looking at the paramedics eyeing their equipment finding his memory was correct on what their devices were. He kept the Master away this time instead waited as the paramedics quit scanning Tom to eye the females with a fake questioning look on his face while narrowing his eyes. 
Jinks got from one female "Mister Thunder is fine physically without any injury from the car explosion. He'll require some rest before doing anything physical."
He nodded his head watching the females leaving to hear from Tom broadcasting within his mind "The driver was seen shutting the door and running away from car. I figured out something wrong was going to happen. I managed to use my physical strength to open the car's door to get out just before the explosion blew."
Jinks spoke firmly while eyeing Tom as he felt his mind stopped being scanned "Will that status away now."
He glared at Tom who obeyed to get up from the armchair while hearing the male snarling "Victoria is going to have a hissing fit on this stupid car explosion happening to me in question."
He didn't comment a response towards Tom's wording instead spoke "Come with me to the garage now. I'll personally see you home to daughter mine."
He got a Humph from Tom who wordlessly followed him into the elevator to speak “I order the elevator to the garage.” to feel the thing going up instead of obeying to his garage command. 
Jinks glared at one of the elevator's guards with the Master in control to get them avoid looking at him in the eyes. He felt the elevator stop walked out to discover it led to his residence sensing Tom following but heard growls from the male. He found Tom's Berserker side was in control this time as he felt compelled to continue walking. Jinks were finding his feet leading him to the dining room to find the familiar lawyer there that frowned seeing him and Tom.
Jinks folded his arms and spoke firmly "What's going on now?"
He glared at the lawyer who made the sign for mind walking towards him to find his mind scanned while hearing the Highlander broadcasting within his mind "I must apologize on the behalf of the High Council. They admit to being the responsible party for this car explosion to happen to Mindbender in question."
He heard Tom's growl to continue to hear from the lawyer "The High Council have via word of mouth made it seem like Mindbender's opponent's family is behind the car explosion. The cops and presses have taken the bait and is in process of doing something unflattering towards this fighter's family at the moment. That's all I can say as ordered by the High Council, excuse me."
He found the lawyer looking away to type onto the laptop to find Tom quit the mind scanning to eye the male looking at the Highlander while flexing a clawed hand in his direction. Jinks didn't say a word towards the lawyer walked up towards Tom to grab the male's arm and pulled him not resisting out of the dining room. He heard Tom's growling become louder ignored it to go to the library room. Once inside he forced Tom to kneel and shut the doors seeing the male had murderous rage within his eyes again. 
Jinks spoke firmly "Will that status away now, Tom."
He glared at Tom while willing aside the Master to fold his arms finding the male obeying to his order but the murderous look was still in the male's eyes. He sensed the filming in the room quit as Tom bared his teeth in a direction as a light flashed showing Barry that went to sit into an armchair yanking out a book behind the pillow and thumping it onto the table. 
Jinks spoke towards Barry giving him a glare "A twin car stunt was played onto me once. The paramedics with their equipment weren't just scanning me for any injuries like they were doing towards Tom. Instead they scanned my full body's system with both my mental ability in control and without it in control. They did this to Tom-"
He heard a growling noise cut off his talk to eye Tom who had the Berserker side in control with eyes shut and appeared to be running clawed hands through his hair yanking at the strands. 
Jinks eyed Barry in response finding the Builder speaking "Tom, you will, will the Berserker side away and mediate your anger away now."
He heard Barry's voice tone seemed compelling to focus onto Tom finding the male obeying to the Builder's voice command to appear to be mediating while still kneeling on the floor with eyes shut. 
Jinks eyed Barry again to get the Builder pointing a finger aimed at his mouth and mouthing words he lip read "That car explosion stunt played onto you wasn't the High Council's responsibility. It was instead someone else who was nosy enough to know what your body's system was."
He stiffened from Barry's words to find the Builder continue on mouthing he forcing himself to lip read further "The paramedics that scanned Tom weren't under orders of the High Council. They were hiding in the crowd with their devices up waiting to scan him while he passed them actually. They saw one of your guards come out and presented themselves to your guard as paramedics which they scanned Tom fully including his Berserker side in control."
Jinks exhaled a breath to find Barry continued on mouthing "The High Council was aware of the paramedics in the crowd actually. They rigged the car to explode to fish out the paramedics into revealing themselves. It's enough to see if their devices can actually scan Tom or not even with his Berserker side in control. The High Council has told the Meritanians to transport the paramedics to their presence once out of sight of prying eyes. Excuse me, while I check on this."
He frowned to go to sit down finding Barry shutting his eyes and forming a concentration look on his face. Jinks picked up his book from the table to read a chapter to feel filming resume to find Barry gone from the room but Tom was still mediating away with an angry look on his face and hands clenching and unclenching into fists back and forth. He sighed and resumed reading his book till he reached the last page to put it down onto the table. Jinks finding Tom seated in an armchair Barry vacated and appeared to be glaring at a book. Jinks spotted was by Victoria using the Veronica Thomas name he saw appeared to be something else than a romance novel by the cover. 
Jinks eyed the door as if drawn to find Willingham standing there that signed "Master, I observed Mister Thunder is still angry by the way he's staring at the book seemingly lengthy and appeared to be not reading it-"
He heard a roar interrupting Willingham's signing to find the butler formed widen eyed look and faded from view as a book landed where he was as if thrown. Jinks wound up to find Tom in the armchair had his Berserker side in control that got up and began pacing back and forth. 
Jinks eyed Tom to speak firmly "Tom."
He got another roar from Tom to find the male twisting to face him while thrusting a hand in his direction. 
Jinks sensed the Master in control unexpectedly to mentally spoke "Shield!"
He repeated the shield command while getting up from the chair going towards Tom finding the male putting a hand on his neck he slammed a hand onto Tom's chest while swatting aside the male's hands from touching his neck repeatedly. 
Jinks kept up “Shield!” command.
Jinks wound up to smell ocean salt air within his nostrils to find himself and Tom back onto the sandy island from the looks of it seen to see the male will aside his Berserker side. Jinks felt the Master willed aside by compulsion. Jinks removed his hand off Tom's chest in a fast move as the male swung fists, feet and legs aimed at him in karate moves. He counterattacked in the twin moves finding Tom seemed more interested in fighting off a murderous rage in karate judging by the male's fighting onto him and he fighting back. Jinks found Tom kept up the fighting seemingly lengthy even with the sunlight gone and night vision flaring in his eyesight as water overtook the sandy island. He kept fighting till Tom appeared to have an enough to collapse onto his knees on the water while gasping for breath panting hard seen. 
Jinks folded his arms while eyeing Tom kneeling who spoke while gasping "Thanks, I needed that."
He didn't say a word to find themselves back into his residence from the looks of it into the hallway to see Willingham next to him that spoke "Miss Montreal is currently in residence at the moment, in the spare bedroom awaiting Mister Thunder's appearance. She seemed hysterically upset when she arrived to here, via her own transportation and threw a fit when told that her husband was occupied with you, at the moment. 
I'm ordered to say ‘Horus has permission to tell Victoria, what he and Tom, both have occupied for hours, actually.’"
He sighed and without a word went to Tom to help the male into a standing position who was still gasping for breath and without a word helped him to Victoria's bedroom to knock onto the door. He waited as the door opened in a fast move showing Victoria with tears in her eyes that darted out to hug Tom in a fast move he collapsing underneath her hug and found both kneeling in the hallway. Jinks didn't say a word towards Victoria to find his daughter helping him helping Tom get up and into the bedroom onto the bed to lie down. Jinks helped her remove Tom's clothes but left his underwear shorts on out of modesty towards the male. Jinks sighed and went to sit down in the armchair watching Victoria throw herself onto Tom cuddling with the male who appeared to be out cold. 
He sighed and spoke firmly "Daughter mine."
Jinks got Victoria looking at him with a frown as he added "The High Council has the both of us in a private area somewhere in Shadan, while recorded physically, fight each other, using combative art moves over and over, till one of us gives up, by kneeling onto the ground. That's why Tom appeared to be exhausted. He was in a terrible mood and had no outlet to release his anger hence the High Council threw us into this combative art fight for him, to get better from holding all that tension. The High Council has done this fight each other order onto Tom and me, multiple times over and over, in various private locations. It can be anywhere the group determines that not one person interferes with our fights but only nature can do this in question."
He sighed softly to frown while eyeing Victoria who looked at Tom before straightening up her form to sit on the bed crossed legged he noticing her shoes were off. She clad in sweats from the looks of it to stare at him with an all black eyed glare. 
Jinks spoke "Something you want daughter mine?"
He eyed Victoria to find her willing aside her Master ability to speak "I wasn't told anything regarding the results of Tom's opponent dying in a fight. That includes what's the reason why he's furious enough to require this physical combative art fight with you in question."
He sighed and sensed the familiar filming sense quit to his relief to speak everything he was told regarding Tom's opponent including what the lawyer's form said regarding the results of the sport's governing body council said towards the male. This talk including Tom seen getting into the car which he didn't see the explosion but heard the noises of it going off. Jinks clamped his mouth into a thin line as he noticed Victoria get angry by the Master ability flaring with her eyes and she forming a glare with arms folded and back ram rod straight. 
He spoke again "Victoria Katherine Montreal, will that status away now. It's not needed."
He glared at Victoria to find the filming sensation resume to his annoyance to get from his daughter willing aside the Master and her speaking "Daddy, get out now. I don't need you here while I'm sleeping with Tom. He's appearing to be conked out from the looks of him ignoring everything all around him."
Jinks sighed and without a word left the bedroom gently shutting the door to hear the door's lock click once it was fully shut. He sighed again to find Willingham standing next to him that spoke a Tsk sound making him annoyed.
He spoke firmly "Out with it, Willingham!"
He glared at the butler who spoke "Master, you need your rest. I suspect this fight that knocked out Mister Thunder would soon knock you out in question so go to bed. I'm not in the right frame of mind to carry you there."
Jinks gave up a Humph sound and without a word went to his bedroom to lay his form down onto the bed to feel a body he recognized as Yeliza's get on top of his and forced his eyes shut. He passed out unconscious to come to sensing the Guardian personality within him trying to gain control by the familiar image of himself with all white eyes dressed in a white suit flashing in his mind making him grimace. Jinks grimaced from the image to concentrate onto it fully as if feeling like needing to do it. He saw Guardian fully in his mind thrust out a fist aimed in his eyesight to sit up with a lurch. Jinks wound up opening his eyes finding Yeliza gone from his bed with daylight dimly blaring from the curtains. He heard the alarm clock go off to his confusion looked at the thing to hear it shut itself off when he reached a hand towards it. He looked around sensing his Guardian personality not in control this time but found Guardian locked in a see through box within his mind when he concentrated onto him and found the male was pacing while in the box who quit the walking as if seeing him staring. 
Jinks shut his eyes to focus onto Guardian whose mouth moved he lip read "Don't think for a bit that this box can contain me forever. I'll get out and have my way within Meritania. Meritania comes first then humanoids second. I'll see that this happens with or without your cooperation."
Jinks mentally spoke finding he facing Guardian within his mind "Why is you the Guardian of Life and Death picking onto me enough to feel like being you in question?"
He eyed Guardian who leaned against the see through box to lip read the male speaking "Being like you? You're me actually."
He stiffened as Guardian continued "No planetary world can have two Lance Richards period. There's only one as law of Edenia states which is enforced by the planetary worlds making sure of that. You're a Lance Richard but now you're me according to the law. Don't stop to think that containing me into this box will keep me from my mission."
Jinks mentally spoke as he kneeled onto the bed making he appear to mediate "How can I coexist with you in question?"
He got Guardian forming a glare in response to find the male resume pacing which he added "Tell me Guardian on this now! I'm sick of fighting you enough to want to coexist with you! So talk now!"
He glared at Guardian who quit his pacing to speak he lip reading "Coexist? I don't think that is possible." 
He stiffened as a green light flashed within his mind to jerk open his eyes as if compelled to find his throat gagged by a hand he seeing the owner was Barry who had golden eyes that spoke "You will, will the mental ability dubbed Darkness through now."
He heard Barry's voice tone spoken in a compelling voice obeyed to grimace from the itchy feeling hitting his back as he sensed Guardian within him taking control to twist the Builder's hand off his neck. 
He found Barry stepping back quitting the golden eyed look and folding his arms as he sensed the filming quit within the room to find the Builder speaking "That ability is the Guardian taking control from now on whenever he calls to do a job around the planet. Don't forget it period!"
He gave a head bob in response to feel the Darkness he figured he'll dub it Guardian willing itself away to be within the back of his mind. He spotted Guardian within his mind seated in a golden chair appearing to look like he was sleeping while still clad his white business suit. 
Jinks focused onto Barry to find the Builder speaking “ I’m ordering the Meritanians to transport me out.” 
He found Barry's order obeyed to get up darting into the bathroom figuring to he that he'll start his day due to glimpsing the clock saying seven thirty in the morning. 

Jinks once done with the bathroom walked out of the bedroom to find Willingham that gave up a Tsk sound making him annoyed. 
He spoke "Spare me of how slow I was with my morning routine."
He glared at Willingham who faded from view in response making him snarl "Typical butler never explaining anything to me."
He heard blared in his mind "Typical butler is scared of me and afraid I'll harm him."
He spotted Tom standing in the hallway with the Berserker side in control who had arms folded with eyes narrowed in a glare. Jinks felt his scarred cheek at Tom's finger gesture feeling nothing out of place only to realize the Master was in control willed it aside to find Tom willing aside his Berserker side. 
Jinks eyed Tom in response to find the male speaking "Do you know how long you were out asleep like I was?"
He sighed and walked up to Tom halting to look up in the male's eyes finding hr not afraid as usual. 
He eyed Tom who spoke looking at him back "They say three days straight for me lying still without the tossing and turning. Willingham did see you tossing in your sleep when he checked onto you but was ordered to let you sleep some more till now."
He exhaled a breath as Tom continued "I developed my sick look on the fourth day of bed while tossing around. Victoria woke me up and insisted I get some nourishment. I already had it and was backing up your butler's orders for you to be up and awake. So hit the dining room."
Jinks didn't comment a response to go to the dining room sensing Tom following which on arrival he got Snowy onto his shoulder yowling in a friendly tone while rubbing her face onto his ear. He sighed and felt Snowy removed to find Tom had the cat in his arms. He went to sit down at the table and forced himself to take in nourishment finding Victoria at the table typing onto a laptop with a concentration look on her face and ignoring him staring at her. He got Tom's hand waving near his face to eye the male finding Snowy was elsewhere. 
Jinks eyed Tom who spoke "When's the last time you saw Victoria typing down a story in the dining room, hmm?"
He sighed softly to recall it fully including Victoria running in the hallway waving her arms while holding a book in her hands she thrust at him he discovered had the Veronica Thomas author's name on it and her looking too excited to talk. He sighed and focused onto his food making sure he took his time eating and drinking before once done leaned back to again find Victoria was still typing away on the laptop computer. 
Jinks sighed and got up leaving the dining room thinking to he "I might as well go to the gym room."
He found himself thrown backwards to land onto Tom's clawed hand at arrival to the gym room to find Tom putting him down and waving a finger aimed at him in some no gesture. Jinks gave up a loud Humph and went to the library sensing Tom following to find the male shutting the doors behind him and going to kneel onto the floor with eyes shut and Berserker side willed aside. 
He found another Veronica Thomas book onto the table to recall “That was the one that got Victoria excitedly to me, I didn't bother to read.” 
Jinks sighed and picked up the book opening it to figure to he "I might as well read this book since the gym room is out of question."
He read the book seemingly lengthy engrossed into the story that reminded him of an ancient Earth childhood fairy tale involving a beautiful woman and man that was an ugly monster. Jinks read the book seemingly lengthy making a huge dent into it to find the lights blinking overhead making him annoyed. 
He looked up to hear a familiar ahem noise to sigh finding Willingham at the doorway who spoke "Mister Thunder please do something about Miss Montreal and her obsession with the typing onto the laptop enough for her to eat the meal prepared for her. She hasn't had a break from doing the typing to attend to personal needs at the moment and is reeking from the smell of her."
He sighed and thrust the book aside onto the table to hear loudly "I'll handle this, Jinks. I already handled this matter before. This requires a certain mating ritual to distract her enough to attend to her hygiene with me accompanied her in that matter."
Jinks shifted to eye Tom standing next to him to find the male glaring at the butler who spoke "Sorry think of doing something else than that mating ritual. I got my orders in question."
He spoke firmly finding Tom flaring his Berserker side and Willingham fading from view "I used physical force onto daughter mine to get into the shower even with clothes on her form with the water running. She got the message enough to focus onto her hygiene. I managed to steal her laptop and hid it into my bedroom she's forbidden from going into there while she's taking residence in my home. If you like you can steal her laptop while I go throw daughter mine into the shower."
He got up to get Tom giving him a glare with growling noises sounding in a threatening tone to feel the Guardian ability activating within him unexpectedly making him annoyed. Jinks wound up to find the male willing aside his Berserker ability and holding up his hands in a surrender gesture while forming a frown on his face. 
Jinks found the Guardian willed aside to speak "You have a better idea for Victoria since mating is out of question? You obviously don't like my idea anyway?"
He glared at Tom who folded his arms and spoke "I already tried that laptop hiding trick onto Victoria a few times. I hid that thing into my own room set aside in her apartment for me to decorate it anything I want and she oath that she'll stay out. She broke the oath and found her in my own room seated on a couch with the laptop on her lap she typing away. I keep finding her parked anywhere in the apartment wherever I hid the laptop she typing away obsessed like. I suspect that she'll be in your room typing away anyway."
He spoke once Tom paused "Have you tried to toss out that laptop in question or leave the apartment with it in hand?"
He got Tom shaking his head in a no gesture and appearing to look nervous followed by the male speaking "Sorry, Victoria laid down the law that I was to leave her laptop alone intact and not take it out of the apartment or out of where she put it. She sort of used her feminine wills to make me regret the thievery including using her Master abilities, she calls them onto me to avoid me harming her. She made me oath I wouldn't use my Berserker side onto her. I guess you'll have to throw her into the shower with me there to make sure she cleans herself including making sure that Willingham doesn't have to spy onto us."
Jinks exhaled a breath and without a word walked out of the library room sensing Tom following to reach the dining room to smell an awful smell.
Jinks wound up hearing the male behind him gagging out “Ugh.” 
He sighed and without a word willed forwards the Master to enter the dining room finding Victoria still typing away who didn't notice him entering the room. Jinks without a word went to Victoria to grab her by the throat and yanked her off the chair smelling the stink getting worse. 
He got her sputtering protests “I…want…to…type…some…more…” 
Jinks ignored to drag her protesting to her bedroom to get inside. Jinks kept the hand hold onto Victoria's neck finding her gagging from his tight hold he ignoring her use of the karate and Master abilities onto his hand to free herself he ignoring the pain. 
He dragged her into the bathroom to the shower stall to give Tom a glare while speaking "Remove her clothes now."
He found Tom obeying to smell the stink making him annoyed till once she was naked got his daughter into the shower with her husband naked inside with her while turning on the water and released his hold onto Victoria's neck. Jinks shut the shower stall's see through glass door pushing he against it while eyeing Tom soaping Victoria where the stinky smell was making him glare at her. He glared at Victoria finding her eyes forming a Human blue look and looking like she was humiliated to him by her facial expression, her eyes shutting in response to appear to ignore Tom soaping her with the soap. Jinks continued to watch as Tom cleaned Victoria all over with the soap including touching her breasts and appeared to be fondling the nipples. She appearing to be ignoring him doing the touch while keeping her eyes shut with her familiar humiliated expression on her face. He heard an ahem to find Willingham in the bathroom that thrust him clean clothes for Victoria to wear before fading from view he noticing the stinky clothes were gone from the room by the smell indicating it. Jinks eyed Tom to find the male kissing Victoria on the lips as he rapped a fist onto the shower door. He found Tom looking at him and without a word resumed washing Victoria all over with the water ignoring him looking before cleaning himself with the soap he disgusted to watch. Jinks eyed Victoria warily who kept her eyes shut as Tom washed the soap off his form followed by walking towards the door he backed up to find the male pulling his daughter out of the stall as he held the clothes for her. 
Jinks didn't say a word towards Tom who pulled a towel off the heated wall rack and dried Victoria all over with it before appearing to be whispering in her ear he hearing "You're beautiful. I love touching you all over. I can't wait for when I'm allowed to have you in a mating wise way."
He sighed softly from hearing Tom's words reminded him of saying it to Katherine while she was sick from the cancer she refusing to take any medicines to prolong her life and made him oath he wouldn't mate with her. Jinks didn't say a word as Tom dried he with the towel to put it away then followed by taking the clothes one at a time from his hands to put them onto Victoria. He sighed seeing his daughter dressed up in a short black dress that appeared to make Tom happy seeing that. He kept his mouth shut as Tom got Victoria to put on her high heels followed by putting her down on a stool at the vanity and brushed her hair with a hairbrush she heard sighing loudly from it. Jinks continued to watch Tom ignoring his staring and the male's naked status to see the male gently brushed Victoria's hair into a hairstyle. He sighed softly watching as he felt a tap on his shoulder to find Willingham thrusting him clothes and shoes he took while seeing the butler jab a finger aimed at Tom. He nodded his head in response to see the butler fade from view to stand watching Tom brushing Victoria's hair while holding clothes for the male to notice him. Jinks didn't say a word as Tom noticed him to go up to him and took the clothes and shoes to put them on his form he finding was a suit with a tie entirely in black color. Jinks sensed the Guardian activating within him abruptly to find himself transported out of the bathroom to find himself in his bedroom facing Barry who thrust clothes onto him. 
Jinks found Barry speaking "This is your signature clothes to wear whenever that's active. Don't forget it."
Jinks found the clothes Barry gave him was an all white twin version of his clothes and shoes to exchange his black clothes into them in a fast move before mentally ordering "Walls, Kiddy, transport me out now."
He found himself contained into a see through box not seeing anything to find himself back in control of his body he figuring he was contained for Guardian to do his job. He looked around to find Guardian resumed a sleeping status within his mind and himself back into his bedroom finding Barry seated at an armchair that had a concentration look on his face. 
Jinks wound up while eyeing Barry the Builder speaking "Shouldn't you be in the bathroom cleaning the mess off yourself, hmm?"
He frowned but obeyed to go into the bathroom to eye he in the mirror finding he had grass stains of green onto his clothes and bloody spatters of blood onto it while sensing the Guardian ability not in control of him.
Jinks mentally spoke sensing Guardian still sleeping within him "I do not want to find out how you did this job appearing to be assassination of a person was done. The High Council had me do assassination jobs using the Master ability in control. I wound up screwing up by punching the victim's body to bloody pulp and whining to Barry about how awful I was feeling from it. I don't want to be given a hint of it, period."
He found Guardian ignoring his mental talk to keep on sleeping as he got himself out of the clothes to get into the shower washing himself thoroughly of the blood splatters on his skin. Jinks finding indicated some gunshot wound to his form he finding a bullet sticking out of his skin he yanked out to keep a hand hold onto it. Jinks once done showering got out to put the bullet onto the counter and dried he with a towel. He found his white clothes gone from the room and found his black clothes hanging behind the door shut closed. Jinks put on the black clothes and shoes then brushed his hair. He walked out once done still holding the bullet to find Barry still in the armchair that had a concentration look on his face. 
He walked up towards Barry while speaking “Ahem!” sound to get the Builder opening his eyes and giving him a golden eyed glare. 
Jinks held up the bullet and repeated his thought words towards Guardian to Barry including adding "I found this bullet in my skin so do something about it. I don't care to find out what I did while I was having that personality in control. Please do something about this bullet anyway."
He formed pleading on his face to get Barry speaking "There's a box in your closet's dresser is where you can place the bullet. I suspect that Guardian likes to keep souvenirs of his jobs, you don't care to know what they are."
He spoke noticing Barry giving him a familiar glaring stare "I was used to do assassinations using my Master abilities in control. I did a lot more than just stopping hearts. I punched my victims to bloody pulp due to how awful I was feeling. The awfulness got to the point, I started to feel angry enough to do more punching onto my victims enough to break their bones and make their bodies like one formless mess."
He clamped his mouth shut forming a frown while eyeing Barry who spoke "Deposing that bullet is your responsibility, Jinks. I'm not keen on going into your closet to do that job. It's your private space something, I respected for you to keep despite I seeing everything. I'm busy here if you mind."
He sighed and went into the closet thrusting aside the doors to find it empty of clothes and shoes only to spot a dresser in the middle of the wall facing him. Jinks groaned softly feeling himself nervous to go into the closet which he shut the doors behind him and with a flick of the light switch turned on the light. He sensed himself no longer filmed to his relief to went to the dresser as if drawn to yank open the top drawer to gasp seeing it filled with various jewelry he groaned recognizing them belonging to Katherine, his wife. Jinks continued to groan softly shut the drawer and then counted the drawers finding it had six of them in the dresser counting Katherine's jewelry drawer. He peered into other drawers finding them empty to his relief to thrust the bullet into the bottom most drawer. Jinks shut the drawer to eye the top drawer as if drawn. 
He sighed and yanked it open to peer eyeing the jewelry recalling Victoria asking “I’m demanding for jewelry as a thirteen year old on my birthday.” 
Jinks recalled he saying “I’m balking on giving you jewelry.”
He continued to balk on giving her while she was raised by her brother Robert. He sighed softly to pull out a necklace of pearls to eye it and gripped it into his hand. 
Jinks shut the drawer and walked out of the closet pocketing the pearls to find Barry still seated onto the chair with eyes shut that spoke as if sensing him staring "Just put the jewelry onto Victoria's laptop's keyboard. She'll get it that the jewelry is from you in question if I have to make her see that reasoning."
He sighed and got images flashing fully in his mind making him groan loudly to get from Barry again "Yes, I'm aware of what you're groaning about. The one whose name is hated hearing by a certain group told me of noticing what your problem was. Just concentrate onto it whenever it's appropriate for you to do it, you decide on when not me."
He sighed and walked out of the bedroom still getting the images flashing in his mind to get Guardian within him awake and growling loudly. Jinks groaned softly and forced he to kneel shutting his eyes to feel his mind scanned as he concentrated onto the images filling his mind. Jinks wound up seeing it shift into a scene he recognized was a fancy dress code restaurant. He found himself looking around while in his mind unnoticed by the restaurant's patrons to notice them whispering and jabbing fingers in a direction. Jinks looked to see Victoria seated in a booth with Tom opposite from her. He frowned finding Tom and Victoria were holding hands and appearing to be obvious to the staring and pointing. They appeared to be looking like they were a young couple in love from the looks of it. 
He sighed frowning to find a waiter stopping by their table speaking “Ahem!” noise loudly. 
Jinks watched as Victoria and Tom separated hands to focus onto the waiter speaking in a low voice tone "Behavior such as that hanky panky you're displaying isn't appropriate in this restaurant. My manager has asked you to leave quietly before he calls the cops."
Jinks stiffened to see murderous rage in Tom's eyes as Victoria he shifted to eye looked calmly who spoke "You do know of a proper restaurant for us to continue this hanky panky behavior you call it?"
He found Victoria seemed calm as Tom kept the glare to find the waiter gulping and then leaned forwards he hearing the male whispering in a lower toned voice appearing to be naming a place he heard including hearing "Its a bar down the street that doesn't have any complaints of hanky panky behavior as long as its reserved for lips only and no where else from what I've heard of them. Sorry I can't be of any help regarding that bar in question. I'm just repeating what I heard."
Jinks eyed Victoria who took Tom's hand he still glaring at the waiter and walked out pulling him out of the restaurant he finding himself following to see his daughter kissing Tom on the lips once outside on the sidewalk. He sigh eyeing Victoria and Tom kissing each other to eye a drunk as if drawn to see the male pull out a handgun and aim it at his daughter making his eyes wide.
The drunkard snarled some vulgar language word aimed at females from what I could tell shocking me while loudly cocking the gun. Jinks found his mouth clamped by a familiar hand he recognizing it belonged to a Falcon guard by the gloved feel making him annoyed to find himself in the High Council's throne room while still seeing the scene. He eyed the drunkard to find Tom in a fast speed move had thrust Victoria behind him shielding her while glaring at the male drunk waving his handgun towards him. Jinks eyed the scene finding his mind still scanned to keep noises from sounding in his throat as Guardian within him roared some nonsense sound making him annoyed. 
He eyed the drunkard to find Tom trying to use his hypnotic voice talent “I’m hoping you drunkard I talk the drunk out of shooting.” 
Jinks continued to watch as the drunkard refused to budge “I’m wanting to shoot.” and vulgarity aimed at females. 
Jinks wound up eyeing Tom as if drawn to find the male had willed forwards his Berserker side. He stiffened as he eyed the drunkard to find the male hitting the ground with form still and appeared to be knocked out unconscious despite displaying a bloody look via eyes and ears. He looked to find Tom willing aside the Berserker side seeing the male smirk who got slapped on the face by Victoria looking angry. 
Jinks heard from Victoria "You bastard! You didn't have to do that to that poor man!"
Jinks stiffened from Victoria's wording to realize with a start that the drunkard was put down to death by Tom using his mental ability as the male spoke "Victoria, please he was insulting you."
He eyed Victoria who walked away from a pleading Tom speaking her name he following her to find the drunkard getting up while still holding the gun making him stiffen from that. Jinks continued to stiffen seeing the scene as the drunkard fired the gun marksmanship aimed at Tom's back to see a figure in white appear in a light show receiving the bullet. Jinks gave off a groaning sound seeing the figure was he clad in all white clothes as Tom spun around with shock on his face as he saw Victoria looking. He groaned softly seeing himself with all white eyes and no scarring on his face but face looking distorted to go up towards the drunkard who spit out blood while again firing the gun finding it not affecting him. Jinks continued to watch as Tom confusingly looked in Guardian's direction looking confused while seeing Victoria looking confused at the same time. 
He heard in response "That's odd that drunkard is up and awake firing bullets aimed at us but I don't feel them hitting me."
He stiffened from Victoria's words to find the drunkard running off after throwing the handgun aimed at Guardian which it went through him to land with a clatter onto the sidewalk finding himself as the Guardian chasing the drunken male appearing to not be drunk. Jinks found Tom and Victoria running away in another direction as he found himself following Guardian chasing the drunkard as if floating to see the male tackle the drunk onto grass sliding onto it followed by slamming his fist into the drunk's chest seeing a white light coming from the area. Jinks felt disgust take hold watching as the drunkard's body convulsed while shaking before becoming still followed by Guardian disappearing out of sight via Meritanian's transporting as the scene in his mind went black. Jinks opened his eyes finding himself in the High Council's throne room feeling the Falcons' gripping his arms forcing him into a standing position while glaring at the High Council. 
He felt his mind scanning quit to his relief to eye the High Council to hear "Who's this figure in cloud color causing this First One's passing Meritanians?"
Jinks frowned hearing the words from Shad to hear from Meritanian broadcasting within his mind "Angel of death or something like that I think. Sorry I can't help you further on this matter. I scanned the minds of Mindbender and his pairing female who saw the victim get up firing his handgun aimed at them with bullets not reaching them followed by appearing to form a scared look on his face and running away. Mindbender didn't display his Berserker side his paired female threw a hissy fit onto him using mental abilities onto a drunkard in question."
Jinks frowned hearing Ramses' voice broadcasting to eye the High Council to hear from Shad as always "Ramses why is Horus got this Angel of death, you call it fully in his mind enough to see this like Barry? We noticed he seemed to have that ability."
Jinks kept his mouth shut in response to hear "Sounds to me that Horus evolved enough to develop twin ability like one of Barry's offsprings has that mostly focuses onto a person more than anyone else. I noticed that Barry's offsprings after awhile of living start to develop a seeing ability that involves one person as a focus and not the all over the place junk as you see in Barry's mind."
He kept his mouth shut as Shad was heard "Anyhow transport Horus out now and call for Barry while you're at it."
He found himself transported out to his dining room to find Victoria's laptop open sitting on the table. Jinks recalled the pearl necklace placed it onto the laptop's keyboard and went to sit down at the dining table finding he hungry enough to eat food he finding his regular breakfast food ready for him. He took in the nourishment then once done leaned back into the chair to hear a loud Humph sound sounding of Victoria's voice behind him. 
Jinks sighed softly while looking at Victoria in the doorway clad in sweats who stomped towards the laptop picking up the pearl necklace and held it up towards him while speaking "Daddy depose of this thing, Tom gave me to make up for his nastiness he did last night."
Jinks willed forwards the Master glaring at Victoria with arms folded hands fisted and speaking firmly "I'm disappointed daughter mine. That necklace belonged to Katherine I placed onto your laptop. I'm disgusted that you rejected the necklace thinking Tom gave it to you. So hand it over since if obvious that jewelry isn't your thing now."
He held up a hand glaring at Victoria who appeared to gulp and without a word handed him the necklace he snatched from her hand and got up from the chair walking out of the dining room passed Tom standing in the hallway he ignored. Jinks walked to his bedroom finding Tom following to feel compelled to ignore the male as he entered the room going to the closet to throw the pearl necklace into the top drawer. Jinks noticed Tom watching him from the closet's doorway as he slammed the drawer shut before walking out slamming the closet doors and further ignored the male to stomp to the gym room. Jinks willed aside the Master once reaching the gym room doors to yank them open to find Barry inside giving him a golden eyed glare. Jinks ignored Barry to walk inside doing his Kata around the Builder standing in the middle of the room while noticing Tom standing in the doorway with arms folded watching him. He kept up the Kata till he sensed the filming stop to find Tom into the gym room with doors shut and a humming sound coming from them while seeing Barry out of the room. 
Jinks glared at Tom finding the male glaring at him back which he spoke sensing the filming and voice recorders were off "Spill it Tom on what your upset about!"
He glared at Tom who thrust willed forwards his Berserker ability to give off a growling noise making Guardian within him roaring despite feeling his mind scanned. 
Jinks heard within his mind "Your that Angel of Death that drunkard was shooting at that took the bullets for Victoria and I including killing him. Don't deny that Guardian of Life and Death status for I see it in your mind including Barry manipulating you to exchange your clothes for that status."
He mentally spoke in response sensing Guardian quiet his roaring within his mind "What are you going to be doing about this since I don't deny this anyway?"
Jinks glared at Tom who willed aside the Berserker side finding Guardian fallen asleep within his mind including his mind quitted being scanned to his relief. 
He kept the glare aimed at Tom who spoke while still sensing the recorders off "Walls and Kiddy got a hold of me after I found a bullet twin to the one in your dresser drawer. I picked up from the ground after the drunkard ran off. They told me to keep my mouth shut about this Guardian of Life or Death status hitting you and not mention it to the High Council. 
The Meritanians claim ‘We'll mind wipe you if you talked to anyone we don't approve of, of this status.’ 
I'm not keen on getting mind wiped. I already went through such a mind wipe status before multiple times and don't attend to suffer it again."
Jinks kept his mouth shut in response as he sensed the filming and recorders use again to find Tom walking out of the room slamming the doors. He sighed and went to do his Kata including his stretching exercises finding himself focused onto both sides of his hand's side despite favoring his right hand for writing. Jinks swung he up once done from the floor to find himself compelled to walk out of the room he obeyed to go to his bedroom as if compelled to hear typing sounds within making him annoyed. He followed the typing of a laptop sounds to find Victoria in his closet with the drawer holding Katherine's jewelry open with her laptop over it. 
He gave up a loud roar to find Victoria looking startled to snarl "Get out now!"
Jinks glared at Victoria while willing forwards the Master to find her obeying to go to the jewelry drawer to peer checking his memory of the items inside finding they were all in there to his relief minus Katherine's pearl necklace. He stiffened as an image of Victoria wearing the pearl necklace flashed in his mind making him furiously angry enough to stomp out of the closet slamming both doors finding his daughter on an armchair typing away onto the laptop. Jinks held up a hand towards Victoria ignoring him and his angry mood to feel himself tossed backwards to get his throat grabbed by Tom he using karate to free himself. Jinks found he back onto the sandy ground surrounded by the ocean his Master ability willed aside including Tom there accompanied him with his Berserker side gone from the male. He felt rage attacked Tom with his karate finding the male counterattacking him with twin moves. He kept the karate up till Tom got a hand onto his upper chest right in the middle of his rib cage. Jinks felt his angry mood going down as Tom kept his hand onto him till he felt himself calmer to fold his arms ignoring Tom's hand. 
He spoke calmly "Kindly remove your hand now."
Jinks found Tom obeying to find them both back into his bedroom to groan while finding Victoria still typing onto the laptop wearing the pearl necklace on her neck. Jinks went to his daughter to tap her on the shoulder startling her with a gasp. 
He spoke finding himself calmer "Take yourself and this thing out of my room now. My law on this room forbidden for you to enter still stands so get out."
He jerked a head towards the open double doors finding Tom standing there with arms folded to notice the male was only clad in sweats and nothing else on his form to find the window showing darkness. He sighed as Victoria without a word folded the laptop in half and carried it by a handle out of the room finding Willingham shutting the double doors while giving him a Tsk sound. Jinks sighed recognizing the sound indicating him having the Master in control willed it aside to go take off his shoes leaving them at the bed's foot to get into bed and thrust the blanket over his head while form was sideways. He shut his eyes to pass out unconscious to come to hearing the familiar alarm blare its siren. Jinks got up lurching up with a start while sitting up feeling he clutching an object in his left hand he finding himself clad in only his underwear shorts. He eyed his left hand to find the object appeared to be some black diamond jewelry stained with blood on it. He groaned softly to get up going into the closet to dump the diamond into the bottom drawer. Jinks walked out finding his white clothes weren't in the room making him confused but sensed an odd feeling like he mated to him. Jinks sighed and entered the bathroom intending to shower to eye the tub as if drawn to go to it to find it contained his all white clothes complete with the shoes inside it that appeared to be cleaned of stains and looked like it was folded in place. He sighed and stripped himself of the underwear shorts while eyeing he in the mirror that only showed him from the waist up. Jinks leaned against the sink rubbing a hand on his forehead finding himself no longer filmed while in the bathroom feeling himself confused to that feeling. 
He eyed the shower as if drawn to go into it to notice blood splatters on the floor of it making him think "I must have showered to wash off the blood."
Jinks heard nothing in response to his wording sighed softly to figure "I might as well start my day since the alarm clock woke me up."

Jinks came out of the bathroom with a frown on his face while clad in his black clothes refraining from grimacing from the scenes of his latest kill a death of a Listener female. Jinks caught in his bathroom filming him flashing in his mind. He felt himself filmed while in his bedroom as he recalled yanking of the Listener's big eye off her forehead before tossing her body out the window after opening it. 
He eyed his window as if drawn to find it was shut and not open like he left it to figure to himself "Willingham must have shut that thing."
Jinks took a step forwards only to hear a whining squeal sound to find a Listener appearing in front of him that spoke in Basic "Murderer, you killed her by throwing her out the window."
Jinks didn't say a word to see the Listener shook his head appearing to form a confused expression on its face before disappearing from view. 
He felt his mind scanned to hear broadcasted within "I forgot to mention that I can mind wipe people myself."
Jinks found Tom standing in the room with the double doors shut as he sensed the filming stop to feel it resume as the male willed aside his Berserker side and spoke "I put Victoria's laptop into your closet where I spotted the jewelry. I did that while she was in the bathroom attending to her needs I making her oath that she'll do it."
He walked up towards Tom who kept on talking "Victoria seems to have some kind of sixth sense cued to her laptop enough to figure out where its hiding is how I observed her finding it."
He found his lying detecting sense going off to speak firmly once reaching the male "Tom, don't ever lie to me. I can detect lies."
Jinks glared at Tom while looking up at the taller than him male who glared back while looking down at him before hearing from him "Alright, Victoria used the threat of not willing to mate with me if I didn't tell her where I hid her laptop. You confessed to Victoria once to using abstinence towards urges of mating with females. I'm having a hard time trying to keep that vow despite itching to do it towards Victoria. Your butler keeps getting himself underfoot whenever I'm trying to get such a mating ritual done onto Victoria who's balking it repeatedly. She and the butler's help have successfully denied me of that opportunity repeatedly enough to get me furious with them."
He spoke "You don't sound furious but desperate to me."
He got from Tom speaking "I'm a man I have needs I need a woman to provide. Or in High Council speak I'm a male I have needs I need a female to provide. I don't find it funny being denied this opportunity repeatedly despite feeling the urges hitting me. I do know you have urges but have managed to avoid the mating ritual so talk on what you've been doing."
Jinks heard ahem sound to find Willingham off his right to glare at the butler while speaking "Something I can do for you since this is a private conversation?"
He glared at Willingham who spoke "Mister Thunder, Miss Montreal asked you to meet her into her bedroom for a private talk ASAP."
Jinks spoke while addressing Tom "Just use the same wording you told me towards daughter mine on this mating issue. Perhaps she'll get it what you're suffering from. If not then seek me out for this abstinence lesson."
He heard an ahem from Willingham to glare at the butler who jerked his head in the direction of hallway to find Tom walking away the male heard grumbling "This better be worth my time since I'm obviously suffering from urges like mad."
He didn't say a word instead went to the dining room to sit finding Victoria's laptop shut while on the table. He sighed and sat down taking in his nourishment taking his time to hear a roaring sound echoing in the hallway sounding of Tom seemingly frustrated to him once he was done with the food and drink. 
Jinks got up bellowing "Willingham!"
He found the butler next to him to glare at Willingham with the Master in control while speaking "Is there a medical issue that prevents Victoria from submitting to a mating hence her balking and your rude interference?"
Jinks heard a Tsk sound from Willingham to will aside the Master while glaring at the butler who spoke "Sorry I'm not told of this medical issue instead ordered to prevent such mating to happen between Miss Montreal and Mister Thunder in question. Anything else I can do for you?"
He spoke "Nothing but point me out where Tom is at the moment."
He got from Willingham speaking "He's in the gym room at the moment. I can't say what's he's doing in there."
Jinks didn't say a word walked away finding himself compelled to go to Victoria's bedroom to knock on the door in a loud bang sound while yelling "Daughter mine!"
He repeated his words to get the door ajar which he walked inside shutting it to find a Charon appearing in front of him doing a karate pose. He sighed finding the signal from the Charon was indicating him in a bad mood groaned softly to kneel while forcing himself to shut his eyes and forced he to mediate fully. Jinks forced he to breathe deeply through his nose while feeling a hand Charon like pressing onto his front right where Tom touched him to calm him down from his angry mood. He felt his raging angry mood going away to sigh softly while still forcing himself to keep on mediating. Jinks felt the Charon release their hold onto his chest to open his eyes while standing up he finding Victoria sitting on the bed in a crossed legged pose she looking like she was mediating to him. Jinks cleared his throat loudly to get Victoria opening her eyes looking calm to him.
He spoke "Daughter mine is there a medical issue that prevents you from mating with Tom?"
He clamped his mouth shut to see Victoria face turn into a frown followed by her speaking "I was ordered by the High Council not to let Tom mate with me after a certain time period has passed. They said that I need recovery time from birthing the offspring."
Jinks hissed a breath giving off a hiss sound as Victoria's face turned to pleading he frowned cutting off his hissing noises to hear from Victoria "The offspring is my second, first a daughter I was implanted with. The first offspring soon after I birthed a son caused Tom to act violent towards me. He managed to force himself onto me ignoring that there were recorders in our bedroom recording the scene soon after he arrived back from the High Council after giving up my offspring despite attempts to kill him."
He didn't say a word went to Victoria to sit on the bed finding her adjusting her position to lay her head down onto the bed's pillow he keeping silent as he continued to hear "The High Council told me to have Tom acknowledge this rape they call this violent forced mating he did onto me before allowing him to mate with me again. They claimed they showed him a recording of the rape he pulled onto me and his reaction.
Tom’s reaction was to declare ‘Victoria Montreal is a piece of property as I see fit.’
He wound up ignore their attempts to acknowledge what they wanted him to say."
Jinks sighed folding his arms as he continued to hear from Victoria sounding weepy "I was humiliated when he touched me in the shower you watching him doing it. I wanted him to acknowledge me as his wife his equal. Not as a piece of property like he's been doing towards me lately soon after he raped me. Tom has refused to acknowledge this rape he pulled onto me. 
I'm told that the High Council got him to admit ‘The rape was wrong to do as a rape onto a female I named as Thura.’ 
But he appeared to have forgotten that it's wrong to do it and did it onto me. He won't acknowledge this rape done onto me. 
I keep on telling him reminders on the subject ‘Tom, you raped me.’
He keeps using the term ‘Victoria Montreal is a piece of property belonging to me.’ 
Before getting his Berserker side out me forced to use the Master and the butler's Builder ability to get him away from me. I heard him roaring in the hallway once he was out of the room he sounding like he's in denial about something and is refusing to acknowledge it."
Jinks sighed to hear door banging while hearing "Victoria! Let me in now!"
He heard her groan softly hearing Tom's voice yelling while repeatedly banging the door “Victoria! Let me in now!” 
Jinks willed forwards the Master and without a word got up going to the door yanking it open to block Tom's way into the room with his body. He glared at Tom to find the male appeared to be angry to slam a hand onto Tom's chest while keeping the Master in control. Jinks smelled salt air to find the Master willed aside as Tom yanked his hand off his chest. 
He spoke "Why is Victoria telling me that you raped her?"
He glared at Tom who gave up "I didn't rape her!"
Jinks spoke feeling his lie detector sense blaring "Then if you didn't do that then what's going on?"
He folded his arms while glaring at Tom who paced back and forth he watching the male running hands through his hair yanking at the strands. 
Jinks got from Tom snarling "Victoria is angry at me for what I did her to her son. I tried to kill her son out of anger at the High Council for using her as a breeder something I didn't want to happen period."
He got his familiar lie detector sense blaring again to speak "You're lying, Tom on what you're saying so talk now!"
Jinks gave Tom a glare sensing he filmed to find the male holding up a hand while baring his teeth aimed at him in some angry grimace. He found Tom's Berserker side appeared to be kept away as he found the Master kept away by mind scanning senses blaring within his mind. Jinks heard Guardian roaring within his mind to allow him through while finding himself still in control to see fear forming on Tom's face as Tom kneeled while lowering his hand sensing the filming quit. He kept Guardian in control while glaring at Tom sensing Victoria nearby from senses blaring of her nearness.
Jinks glared at Tom who spoke appearing to not notice Victoria's presence by focusing onto him "I admit it, I was angry when I got back from the High Council's presence, after they ordered me to give up a male offspring of hers, alive. I allowed anger to take control when I got a hold of Victoria and raped her while sensing the scene being recorded. I admit it, I can sense myself filmed or recorded. I saw Victoria as an object to own like I saw with a female I was paired to before her and did the same raping ritual onto Thura as she's called. The High Council did tell me off that the rape was wrong and got me to admit it. I'm just too proud to admit this to Victoria for I'm humiliated for I did this to her. I made an oath at the wedding ceremony that I would see Victoria as my mate, my equal, something I'm not doing to keep the oath."
Jinks willed aside Guardian to glare at Tom who rocked his form with tears spilling from his eyes as he sensed the salt air gone to find himself and the male in the hallway sensing Victoria watching from senses cued towards her behind him. 
He spoke firmly "Tom, stop that wailing now!"
Jinks glared at Tom who obeyed cutting off his noises while staring at him. 
He spoke while eyeing Tom in the eyes finding the male flinching from the glare "I raped a female once out of grief of losing Katherine. Daughter mine is the result. The female turned out to be married to a male, who had non Human beliefs that the Father of the child raises the child, with no help from the Mother or her mate she's paired to. I raised Victoria alone. I know what your feeling Tom. I was humiliated when it came to me that I raped a female, hence I doing abstinence towards urges of mating towards females. The High Council found out about this rape issue got me paired to select females with strict orders to let her control the mating. I have managed to do. I have managed to allow females over the years since the High Council's order to use me to get over their fear of mating after they suffer a rape. Now I suggest you submit to Victoria's authority when it comes to the mating issue or she won't get over her fear of the mating with you again. You get it my words, Tom?"
He glared at Tom who appeared to shake his head in a yes gesture with fear still seen in the male's eyes. 
Jinks added "Now get yourself to Victoria now."
He found Tom getting up going to Victoria's door to knock onto it in a soft tone. Jinks eyed Tom finding the male disappearing in a light show as he found himself facing Barry with lights shining from below making him look. Jinks hissed a breath finding below him was an observation room belonging to the High Council while seeing he was standing on the ceiling looking like a see through glass despite knowing it appeared black whenever inside the room. 
He eyed the room's occupants to find Tom inside while facing Victoria the male in a kneeling pose he hearing from him "I submit to your authority, Victoria, on the issue of mating. I raped you when I know it's wrong to do it. It's not the first time I did this to a paired female. I did this stunt onto Thura, the High Council got involved and told me off that it was wrong to do it. They as a result have forbidden me to mate with Thura again despite them using her as a breeder with other males. I'm not over my anger of Thura used as a breeder hence my nasty reaction towards your son when they had to keep me from killing your son. I was very angry when I arrived back from the High Council's presence enough to think of you as piece of property including raping you as a way of doing control over you. I made an oath at the wedding ceremony that I would see you as my wife, my equal, I've broken. I'm sorry I broke the oath."
He focused onto Victoria as if drawn to find her speaking "Strip yourself of your clothes and lie on the bed now."
He heard the firmness of her voice tone saw Tom obeyed to do her verbal order while staring at the ceiling appearing to see him by the eyes widening of shock in them. Jinks exhaled a breath finding Tom's eyes kept on focusing onto him as if drawn. Victoria he saw glancing at her had stripped herself of her clothes then had her way towards Tom in a mating way. Jinks exhaled another breath as Tom's eyes watered with tears once Victoria was done with her mating ritual onto the male to find his daughter kissing Tom on the lips in a hungry kissing way. 
He sighed softly as Tom's eyes shut to hear from Victoria during a break of kissing "Tom, I love you dearly with my life! Just talk to me on what problem is bothering you please! Please Tom, talk to me! I'll always love you even if you turn out to be an assassin with mental abilities! I don't give a damn about the assassin ability your Berserker side seems to have! I love you, Tom!"
Jinks sighed again seeing Victoria resumed kissing Tom on the lips to find the male wrapping his arms on Victoria's back in a tight hug hold to find his daughter breaking off the kiss to hear "I love you, Victoria."
He exhaled a breath hearing Tom's wording sounding firm without the desperation in the male's voice tone to continue to hear from Tom "I admit it, I do have mental abilities with the Berserker side in control to kill someone in an assassination method. I was used as an assassin of the High Council, desperation of wanting acceptance, from anyone, including doing anything to gain that. I killed too many people enough to feel pleasure from it, in some addicting way. The High Council managed to get me out of this assassin job and off this addiction to learn how to function, among the Humans, or as the group calls the species, First Ones. I still suffer from urges to kill from time to time, despite trying to refrain myself from doing it."
He shifted to look at Barry he noticed with still besides him that ignored him looking to hear "I still love you, Tom. I don't care about you being an assassin or you a servant of the High Council. I know you too well that you have humanity in you that make you worth loving. I do accept you regardless of who you are as long as you're by my side as my husband and my equal in this marriage. I didn't marry for you a publicity stunt. I married you for you for how you care about me to see me as Victoria a person with feelings and not as someone else."
Jinks resumed staring at Tom and Victoria finding his daughter kissing the male again to hear from his daughter's husband "I desire to mate with you."
He sighed as he saw them disappear in a light show to find himself facing the High Council in their throne room to hear "Kindly explain this love word bit you First Ones habitually say it when paired."
He sighed finding Shad was the speaker and heard the polite tone of the male spoke firmly "Just scan my mind and have the Meritanians manipulate the contents to see what I meant towards this love word bit I kept saying towards Katherine."
He eyed the speakers to find their heads bowed to shut his eyes bowing his head feeling his mind scanned to find himself relieving memories of saying the “I love you” comment towards Katherine.
This included how he felt when he said it towards her and how she appeared to feel whenever she said the words towards him. 
Jinks exhaled a breath once he found the mind scanning done to open his eyes raising his head to hear "You First Ones are odd when it comes to pairings including saying that love word bit comment. Anyhow transport Horus back to his residence now."
Jinks kept his mouth shut to find himself transported to the jungle hearing Tee Dees roaring to spot the gonoids coming into view making a circle around him. 
He spoke firmly "Watch the face with your claws will you?"
Jinks found Guardian roaring from within him to find the Tee Dees darting away while making whining sounds of pain to him and hiding in the bushes refusing to come out of sight. 
He found himself in the High Council's throne room again feeling his arms restrained by the Falcons to hear "Angel of Death, you were saying Meritanians?"
Jinks heard nothing in response from the Meritanians to find the Falcons releasing his arms while finding himself back into his residence in his bedroom facing Barry seated in his armchair eyeing him with a look he never saw from the Builder 
He spoke waving a hand towards the filming direction to hear a whining squeal of a Listener appearing stuck to the wall looking like he was knocked unconscious with filming stopped "Which Builder brother are you actually? You make me think you're not Barry."
Jinks eyed the Builder to get from the male a familiar glaring stare in response with eyes golden to hear "Pleasant to meet you, Guardian. You used to dub me Herod on Egyptia before you got transported off with me following you your body's form extinguished once arriving to Shadan. Excuse me for communicating through this Builder in question."
He stiffened to hear silence from Guardian as he continued to hear from Barry "I got my form changing into an astral projection form enough to take control of people mostly focused onto Builders. I didn't fool the brothers or Alexei when I tried to go around as Ned Garry a former cook at the diner. They already know of what my purpose is involves only inhibiting Builders. The brothers told me to go inhibit Barry from time to time instead of inhibiting other Builders causing trouble."
Jinks frowned forming it on his face as Barry continued "Oh I must warn you that the Meritanians know your purpose here on Shadan to keep people without their approval from finding out what it is including the High Council themselves. They have an oath to Edenia towards any Guardians of Life and Death on planetary worlds with Meritanians sent to there to live and protect them from harm. Edenia made it clear that the planet comes first then humanoids second. She created the Guardian of Life and Death after a planet suffered a deadly disaster enough to cause another planet to sacrifice its life to assure of this planet to survival."
Jinks heard a siren sound of the alarm clock came to finding himself lurching up in bed while recalling Barry's talk fully in his mind like it was a dream with a memory of himself going to bed and lying down shutting his eyes. 
He groaned softly to hear "Its Kiddy. Yes we Meritanians do have an oath towards Edenia to protect the planet's Guardian of Life and Death while he's planet bound teaching the natives that the planet and her functions comes first then humanoids after that."
Jinks groaned again to get up going into the bathroom to yank off his clothes as Kiddy paused to hear "Its Walls. Edenia made it clear that only the Meritanians and one other were allowed to know of the existence of the Guardian of Life and Death including doing whatever order you as the planet's Guardian orders us Meritanians to do."
He mentally spoke as he entered the shower "Would this one other be this spirit dubbing himself Herod inhibiting Builders?"
Jinks heard "Its Kiddy. Actually this one other Edenia told us to allow to know of this Guardian of Life and Death has been pointed at the one dubbed Mindbender by the High Council aka Tom Thunder himself.”

The Guardian of Life and Death wound up faced with the soul of Jinks Montreal as seen in my mind, as he spoke “Begin Program.”
The Guardian wound up eyed the mental gated arch a travelers’ gate to see if flash an image of a male wearing furry skin clothing from head to foot. 
He heard "You had to show this poor soul didn't you?"
Guardian heard nothing in response to the female’s question instead kept on watching 
Guardian spoke as the traveler’s gate ended images “I am the Guardian of Life and Death. I will judge you on my scales of your life.”
The soul standing in front of the Guardian wound up having their soul taken out and put onto the scales of the Guardian of Life and Death. The scales tipped back and forth till it ended onto one side heavy sided indicated. There was a feminine shriek of joy heard by the soul and the Guardian.
The soul wound up back into the body appearing to be a male this time as the Guardian spoke “Life is chosen for you. Be gone out of Egyptia to where you’re to go.”
The Guardian wound up putting clawed hands in front of his mouth into a blow movement and the soul found themselves flying out of Egyptia as the place of the dead judgment was called. The soul traveled till they reached a body of a young male aged in twenties and entered him. The male woke up with a start opening Human blue eyes lying on a one person bed in a room with tan brown walls. He could see the room was narrow and thin with one full arm length from the bed’s longest sides. He got up from the bed and stood up shaking his head then rubbed a hand on his head through his black wavy hair that fell just below his shoulders. 
He went to the bed to sit and frowned as a memory of himself wearing odd clothing that made him think “Clothes was strange on my form.” flashed in his mind. 
The clothes he saw was foreign showing slipper shoes on his feet, tights, a top that was long sleeve and some vest dress covered his form. He grimaced as he saw some sneering look was on his face while seated on an animal. He figured out from memory was a horse with others behind him wearing identical clothes some having faces bared. He saw that they were all males like him some with facial hair and seated on horses while some were standing. The young male grimaced of the memory from him self’s facial expression that bothered him. He recalled himself dismounted along with ten other men and started walking on a grass fields his facial appearance changing from sneering to glare. The young male frowned thinking of the dream unsure of whom he was fully in his mind. He recalled to himself dreaming repeatedly for a few nights of a male wearing some outfit of blue leggings white slipper shoes, with a picture of a red bird onto a white tunic while wearing a crown of yellow gold with red rubies onto it. 
The male spoke as always the same comment “You’ll remember who you are. You will acknowledge me.”
The young male recalled “I give you the name of Jinks Montreal.” by the mysterious voice in his mind. 
The voice’s owner mysteriously refused to explain to his question “Why did you give me that name?”
They said “We are ordered to give you that name.” 
Jinks found himself out of his body via transportation to a house inside kept inside. He found himself paced inside the house looking out the window. The light was gone and the stars were shining with a maelstrom of yellowy like sky. 
He grumbled remembering the argument with Tank a Meritanian “’I was trapped into the Hall of One Thousand Voices’ tube since the High Council captured me and cloned multiple times.’ Something I’m shocked to find out myself.” 
Jinks recalled the argument with Tank “Tank free me and let me live freed from containment and freed to live my life on planet Aire as the world was called instead of the Shadan name.” 
Tank had balked freeing him instead told him in response “Stop asking me that request. I’m so sick of hearing that silly request from you. So stop asking me.”
Jinks had obeyed in response and quit asking Tank instead had started to plead to Merra “Free me now, Merra!”
Merra in response echoed Tank’s words in a feminine voice tone followed by snickering like laughter in response as she and Tank told jokes “Stop asking me that request. I’m so sick of hearing that silly request from you. So stop asking me.” 
He felt disgust in response gave up that noise and kept on listening to the other voices in the Hall of One Thousand Voices.
Jinks figuring to he “I’m not going to get freed from this prison. Ugh.”
He heard a voice speaking in response to his comment “This prison is for people contained for their safety while planet Aire undergoes a problem at the moment.”
Jinks grunted in response to the familiar voice sounding feminine and familiar to him but sounded Meritanian instead of Merra’s voice. He figured the feminine voice belonged to Erra or Terra but wasn’t sure which Meritanian spoke that wording. Jinks felt disgust take hold as he remained into the Hall of One Thousand Voices to his disgust. 
He heard yipping of a dog barking including hearing “Shut up that damned mongrel now!”
Jinks spoke in response “Language isn’t appropriate!”
He heard in response “Oh go to sleep, daddy!”
Jinks frowned hearing the word daddy spoken aimed at him as he heard the voice sounded feminine and familiar to him like he knew her someplace. Jinks frowned but didn’t comment a response as he found himself passing out unconscious. 

“The Guardian of Life and Death wound up faced with the soul of a male of unknown name as he spoke ‘Begin Program.’ 
“That talk was said because I wound up hearing Zerra’s snickering like laughter in response like she said a joke like it was funny.”
The Guardian wound up eyed the mental gated arch a travelers’ gate to see if flash an image of a male later identified as Tam-Mykola MacLeod, from memories of him meeting the Guardian. I recalled Tam-Mykola MacLeod was original of Jinks Montreal, clones and original of the deity king Lance Richard’s creation. I’m not entirely sure of why’s I was focusing onto Tam-Mykola MacLeod.
Zerra heard blaring “Focus now!”
I wound up obeying.” 
I heard "You had to show this poor soul didn't you?"

Guardian heard nothing in response to the female’s question instead kept on watching a scene, I saw of Tam lying onto a rock giant in size and appeared to be shaped of a table. He appeared to be restrained by hands onto his arms and wrists while shaking effects of sleep from him. I saw that Tam was surrounded by figures wearing night robed colors of black in Human’s terms. 
I saw robed figures were chanting some commentary “Ay Kabaiya!” over and over.
I found the figures appeared to place some chalice or cup into Tam’s mouth that swallowed the liquid as if willingly after shaking sleep from him. He appeared to be arching his back followed by Tam’s body becoming slack as if dead or disappeared to me. Tam was still breathing as I saw the figures without a word towards him darted away from the rock and left him lying there despite multiple groaning of pain heard. I saw a male clad in clothes, twin to Lance Richard’s but entirely black with a sword leaking red blood onto it, going to Tam removing the helmet I saw had Mindbender’s face. I saw Mindbender resume putting onto his helmet then put away his sword followed by picking up Tam over his shoulder and running out of sight despite hearing groaning sounds. I kept on watching via memories as if compelled to find Mindbender, I assumed was the male managed to get Tam, into the High Council’s throne room’s presence that looked like a cavern with water pooling via water. I saw that Tam appeared to not acknowledge the High Council as he lay onto the ground freed from the restraints. 
I kept on wondering to myself “What’s going on with that?”
Mindbender appeared to form his Berserker look followed by eyeing it onto Tam who jerked in response, followed by appearing to resume his body’s functions then opened his eyes showing them. creepy all black. The eyes seemed creepy to me. I kept on watching as Mindbender without a word got Tam to get up, standing as both males resume facing the High Council in their robes of white, indicating death to me. I figured that scene was how Tam managed to do his astral projection powers, onto the High Council. I’m not entirely sure of how he managed to create the Lance Richard deity in the process despite its odd.
Zerra is snickering in response followed by saying in my mind “You answered a problem plaguing the High Council.”
“Argh you stinking Meritanian!”  I wrote off from telling the tale. 
I heard a throat clearing noise sounding into the room to find the Guardian of Life and Death as he wishes to call himself, by name of Nikolai, in the cave with me. 
Snickering like laughter was heard in response followed by hearing “Hah, Hah what a smarty!” sounded of a male’s voice in Meritanian’s wording despite realizing that Zerra transported me and my book off Mars.
Nikolai wound up speaking “You remember something else involving the High Council’s creation involving this Lance Richard in question?”
I found myself in a rocky room cave with a table made out of stone and realized it was the scene from my memory of Tam given his drink.
I spoke the memory of Tam’s astral projection powers given to him followed by Nikolai speaking “Anything else?”
I spoke in response “I don’t remember at the moment. Zerra a Meritanian on Mars was manipulating me to remember Jinks Montreal then I remembered Tam-Mykola MacLeod as he’s should be called memories-“
I was interrupted “Tam-Mykola MacLeod? You sure the name’s not ‘Tamar Mykal Mackle?’”
I spoke after recalling nothing in response to the Tamar name into my mind despite a snickering laughter of a Meritanian sounding into my mind “Nothing remembered of that male. I know his name is Tam-Mykola MacLeod.”
I frowned as Nikolai formed a glare and snarled sounding angry “That explains things.”
I didn’t comment a response as I found a light show followed by an object of metallic metal with red eyes and breathing fire from the body into sight, saying in an electronic feminine voice “I insists that Jinks Montreal go to sleep and see what he can see involving this Tam-Mykola MacLeod or this Tamar Mykal Mackle now.”
I frowned as Nikolai made a blow gesture towards me. I found myself collapsing onto the stone table lying onto it feeling my arms restraint my ropes. I wound up feeling a feeling of something of a drink of milk, put down my lips which I swallowed willingly. 
This was followed by feeling me arching my back while in pain, while hearing “You will because the High Council, a ghostly like problem to torture them for the death of our deity lord king Lancelot, himself. You will make Lance Richard come back from the dead becoming king again, when it’s appropriate for that to happen. Your name shall be known as Lance Richard, our god deity king. 
Ay Kabaiya as we say ‘Death cannot touch us.’ 
This saying will be our rallying cry for that saying of causing us death of our deities. “’Beware High Council’ will be said as ‘Dee dee all la la loo reh ded jo.”
I jerked open my eyes with a gasp as I heard within my mind as I found myself waking up saying “Tam-Mykola MacLeod is your name and not Tamar Mykal Mackle.”
I heard a growl to find Nikolai nearby angry with that and looking annoyed. I didn’t say a word in response as I got up from the stone table to stand facing Nikolai, to find the male looking at the fiery metallic machinery shaped like a Dragon that appeared to be studying me.
I didn’t say a word in response as the Dragon spoke “Just Nikolai, put Tam-Mykola MacLeod down asleep to sleep more information we needed for this joke.”
I found Nikolai going towards me and pushing me down onto the table followed by making a blow gesture onto his hand and throwing mist onto my face, I falling asleep in response to dream a dream. 

The male, dubbed Jinks Montreal but should be known by another name said later, groaned loudly from the pain on his cheek. He grunted as he felt chains onto his wrists. He sigh feeling the Master in control felt his mind scanned in response. He jerked open his eyes, to glare with annoyance, at a Slayer, as the Nightwalkers, vampires with a Highlander appearance, dubbed them, despite the name of Souler used. He gave up a spitting sound, as the Slayer a male, bared his face to him, via manipulation of the mask, with finger tapping. He kept the glare aimed at the Slayer he noticed had Human black eyes, instead of the all sky blue, as known by the species. He kept the glare as he fisted his hands keeping himself silent in response. Jinks glared as the Slayer got onto one knee and kept his slaying weapon, a sword sheathed into his scabbard. 
The Slayer spoke, he hearing the male's voice, via ears "Tell me something, hmm."
Jinks kept his mouth shut and refused to talk in response, as the Slayer spoke again "If there was a way of healing you of that scar on your face, would you take it?"
Jinks rubbed his scarred cheek in response, with a gloved hand, despite still glaring at the Slayer and again gave up a spitting sound, refusing to talk. 
He got from the Slayer in response "Interesting, considering there's a way, and we'll gladly give it to you for a price tag."
Jinks kept on rubbing his scarred cheek and looked away, he feeling his mood bad again, as the Slayer remained silent. He felt his mood become rage, glared at the walls of the jail cell, he recognized was in the Zesky Asylum, the Slayers' warship, he saw the walls were all white. He kept the glare while eyeing the walls, avoiding looking at the Slayer, till a bright light shined, he finding one of the Slayers' females, dubbed Sora, appeared into view from a hidden status. He didn't need to translate her talk, despite her speaking in an electronic machinery tone of singing beeps, he finding his mind translating for him abruptly.
Jinks heard "Leave him alone now. He's too mad with his grief, of his loss, to bother doing anything. When he's calmer he'll talk."
He gave Sora a glare, to find the Slayer in response, getting up and walking out of the jail cell, leaving him, with the Humanoid angelic being, in a female form wearing a white robe from the chest down with arms, having sleeves on it. He kept the glare as the being gave off a beeping sound, he finding himself unable to translate, despite the beeping sounded of singing to him. Jinks kept on glaring at Sora, who ignored his glare instead appeared to have a thoughtful expression on her face, he figured she was studying him in response. Jinks shifted to look away leaning back onto the padded wall despite chained to it, via hooks and chains. He ignored Sora's singing, he figured was what she was doing as he kept on staring at the walls, till he focused onto one wall and shut his eyes forcing himself to mediate, despite Sora's singing, lulling him to sleep.

Jinks woke up from slumber via a dream of he meeting his familiar female Katherine his wife again her alive and happy to see him. 
He jerked open his eyes to glare at Sora still singing away with accusation within him he thinking to himself "I haven't dreamed of Katherine since White Shadow took possession of me. His possession was on promises that he'll keep away my nightmares of Katherine dying in front of me after returned from a form of being a Charon or Hadean as their referred now."
Jinks heard Sora's beep sounded in a questioningly beep he finding himself translating "What did you say, hmm?"
Jinks gave Sora a glare in response and shifted to stare at the floor as he heard a male voice speaking words he shocked to hear himself speaking his thoughts out loud to his shock as if recorded. He glared at Sora in response while rubbing his scarred cheek finding the female resumed her singing beeping noises but this time faded from view. He found the familiar Slayer was back into the room with face bared this time holding a cup in hand. He gave the Slayer a glare as the male without a word kneeled on one knee next to him within arm's distance and uncapped the cup as indicating it a thermos. He glared as his nose smelled a familiar smell making his throat dry from wanting to drink it. Jinks smacked his lips and licked his dry tongue onto the area as the Slayer handed him the thermos he figured was the thing which he grabbed in a fast move. Jinks found he shifting into his Lance Richard persona as always whenever smelling blood. He shrugged away the persona and forced himself to take his time sipping the cup that held blood from the taste in it. He sighed once he was done sipping it entirely down to toss the Slayer the cup who caught it and capped it. Jinks resumed leaning back against the padded wall ignoring the Slayer sensed staring at him while hearing Sora's beeping become softer but remained. He ignored the Slayer in response who kept up the staring at him only to sense a bright light as Sora appeared into view.
He heard "Leave him now. He'll talk when he's ready."
Jinks didn't comment a response to Sora's talk as the Slayer was sensed getting up and leaving the room while hearing a sound of a door banging shut. He found Sora in the room refused to go away instead kept up her familiar singing. Jinks found he lulled to sleep by Sora's singing shut his eyes.

Jinks opened his eyes screaming out "Katherine!"
He gasped recalling his nightmare he didn't want to dream was back into his mind was the same as always he could never get it to go away. Jinks groaned from his screaming to feel the chains were off his wrists. He got up in a fast speed move only to find himself alone in the room with Sora floating above that was still giving off her beeping singing. He gave Sora a glare in response that ignored his glare, he finding her forming a thoughtful expression on her face. Jinks paced back and forth walking from one end to the room ignoring the door till he felt a compulsion to look obeyed to find the door was open with the familiar Slayer standing in the doorway.
Jinks glared in response as the Slayer spoke "You're wanted out of this jail cell now."
He grunted an annoyed sound and didn't comment a response towards the Slayer as he kept on pacing back and forth with the dream of Katherine dying fresh in his mind. He grimaced as he heard Sora's beeping change from singing to comments.
Jinks heard "He was yelling this word 'Katherine!' before he woke up."
He gave Sora a glare in response halting his pacing only to find himself surrounded by masked Slayers jabbing weapons aimed at him and gesturing him towards the doorway. 
He obeyed to walk out finding the unmasked Slayer speaking “I’m ordering you to follow!”
Jinks sensed them followed to find Sora floating behind them who kept on following closely too close to his taste. He ignored Sora and followed the Slayer a maze of corridors, elevators and doorways in the walls, he noticed were different from the Zesky Asylum's design and appeared to be alien to him. Jinks frowned as he followed the Slayer to a window in the wall while hearing a loud purring sound, he recognized belonged to a large cat dubbed tiger. Jinks peered into the window to find it was a jail cell containing a large white tiger that was rubbing its head against the window in some friendly like behavior. He sighed softly recognizing the tiger belonging to White Shadow, by the collar around the female gonoid and her friendly behavior was from sensing him, like cats of all sizes always were friendly with him. He sighed again as the tiger kept up the purring and head onto the glass rubbing which he frowned hearing a loud beep noise of Sora.
Jinks frowned as Sora spoke "He understands us speaking to him so no need to translate."
He sighed again to figure “The He, Sora was referring to was myself.” 
Jinks frowned as the tiger he recognized was dubbed Misty by White Shadow that kept up the purring behavior ignoring Sora's repeated beeps of "Go away and be friendly with someone else now, animal."
Jinks kept his mouth shut into a thin line as Misty ignored Sora's beeping instead looked at him with a pity me look in her golden eyes. He sighed and brought a hand to the window pressing against it as Misty made a motion to rub the area with her head onto the glass and still giving off her purring vibrations. Jinks frowned as he heard a loud ear shattering meow followed by feeling a cat getting onto his shoulder and cat's face rubbing his ear. He removed his hand to fold his arms ignoring the cat and its friendly behavior who gave off softer purring vibrations.
Jinks frowned as he heard from Sora "Must be the one that Barry dubbed Jinks, odd name."
He exhaled a breath to find his arms restrained by Slayers making him annoyed as the cat was yanked off of his shoulder he spotted was an orange ball of fur being carried away by a Slayer. Jinks formed a glare in response as Slayers placed a blindfold onto his eyes and forced him into a circle, he lost track of direction. Jinks frowned as he was forced to move three steps then stopped followed by the blindfold removed. He found himself still accompanied by the familiar Slayer in the Zesky Asylum's room for the dead to be kept preserved that was in the bottom of the boat. He found the area looked the same to him as the Slayer he glared at jabbed a finger down. He obeyed to look gasping of shock loudly seeing a horizontal cylinder tube containing a familiar male appearing to be Human with short blonde hair in black clothes with a white cane that looked like asleep to him with a headband around the head area. Jinks recognized the male as Barry asleep inside still clad in his familiar clothes while gripping his cane in his hand. Jinks exhaled a breath and inhaled feeling he wanting to speak.
He spoke "Barry. Wonder what happened to him."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line while ignoring the creepy voice he used to speak despite the Master in control only to hear a faint chuckle sound from the Slayer. 
He glared at the Slayer as he added "It's not funny."
Jinks got the Slayer giving off a familiar laugh sound before becoming quiet. He looked away towards Barry in the tube only to see himself lying inside with face still displaying the scar. He stiffened seeing himself lying inside with an angry look on his face along with hands fisted off his sides. Jinks stiffened further as the Slayer's form glowed turning into a Sora from the looks. He found himself back into his jail cell contained still chained and shaking sleep from his head as he found a semi circle of Slayers in the room all staring at him. Jinks stiffened from their staring of all showing their faces to him with all blue eyes narrowed in glares he sensed was accusation within them. He kept his mouth shut into a thin line as he felt the urge to will aside the Master obeyed to do it finding the Slayers backing up and walking away from him some seen going into a hidden status. He found Sora again in the room singing away him finding himself hearing her singing's words to his shock.
"Stop resisting Jinks Montreal. Let them help you with your pain of your loss of Katherine." He heard sung over and over from Sora.
It made him annoyed enough to give Sora a glare and spoke despite the Master not in control "Go sing something else instead!"
Jinks looked away as Sora ignored his comment and kept on repeating her words. He felt himself angry shut his eyes forcing himself to mediate. He found his angry mood refused to leave him. Jinks felt his anger rising within him as Sora kept on singing her repeated words. He after finding his mediation refused to help him opened his eyes to glare at Sora with anger running through him. 
Jinks willed forwards the Master and waved a hand towards Sora mentally speaking “I’m ordering Sora to sleep.” 
He found a Slayer appear hitting the floor appearing to be knocked asleep to his annoyance. Jinks looked away with disgust hitting him as Sora gave up a loud vibration that made his teeth chatter via his skull. He grunted an annoyed sound via the vibration only to find himself knocked unconscious by the vibrations' waves too much for him.

Jinks woke up screaming Katherine's name again as he jerked open his eyes while panting hard for breath. He gasped when his nose smelled something familiar to find a male Slayer was seated in a chair mask covering the head entirely while having an object that appeared to be a cane leaning against the male's leg. Jinks frowned as his nose kept on indicating blood to him to find the chaired Slayer cap a thermos and toss it to him which he caught. He recalled the thermos being known for splashing out contents once it was uncapped held it and waited for the liquid to settle. He frowned finding his familiar senses regarding someone was activated to his confusion despite he not sure why. Jinks frowned as the Slayer made a drinking motion via hand to the mouth part of the mask while jabbing a finger aimed at him. He obeyed to uncap the thermos and forced himself to sip the blood he tasted seemed good to him. Jinks sipped the blood entirely then capped the thermos before setting it aside and leaned back against the padded wall. 
He found the thermos disappearing from sight he thought “Thermos was taken by a hidden Slayer” as he found himself stared unblinkingly by the chaired Slayer. 
Jinks felt he uncomfortable by the staring shifted around fidgeting even shutting his eyes. 
He found the staring got too much for him jerked open his eyes and blurt to his shock "Father."
Jinks looked away feeling disgusted with what he said despite displaying it onto his face as he heard silence from the Slayer. He found Sora resumed her singing beeping sounding in the room loudly that got louder and louder to his annoyance. Jinks found his eyesight changing to show an image into his mind. Jinks recalled the image via eyesight within his eyes of he floating above a body as if drawn to see with shock it was himself. He saw the male via face without the scarring onto his face while lying in a hospital bed while wearing an oxygen mask covering his nose and mouth. He saw via the vision that Jinks had nothing of scarring onto the front or via face instead was appearing to be asleep as a hand was seen familiar holding onto Jinks’ hand.  He frowned at the vision of Jinks to see a hand looking familiar come into view to grip the male’s left hand in a gentle grip while seeing nothing of the hand's owner. Jinks found the vision going black as a result as he found himself blinked his eyes of the vision away. He wound up to frown finding the familiar chaired Slayer was still there staring at him but this time had a book in his hands and appeared to be reading it. He eyed the book warily he discovered looked old and familiar to him with alien language on the cover. Jinks focused onto the alien language as if drawn to find the letters glow forming his familiar scarred mark to his shock as he felt pain hitting his face to groan loudly. He felt his eyes remained locked onto the book as if drawn as the pain kept on hitting him till he felt something cool against his face that felt like a hand to him rubbing the area. He sighed softly from the hand's rubbing to groan as the pain went away. Jinks looked around focusing his eyes to find Sora was the hand's owner rubbing his head she having a pity expression on her face. 
He grunted yanking his head away from her hand and snarled loudly "Don't touch me!"
Jinks glared at Sora who went to float away from him as he found the familiar chaired Slayer was still in his chair but this time was reading a smaller book via one hand. 
He gave the Slayer a glare only to hear "Your greatest wish? Don't you want it?"
Jinks gave the Slayer a glare hearing the male's voice blaring in his mind as he snarled "Get out of my mind now!"
He looked away only to hear the familiar Slayer's voice repeats over and over in his mind “Your greatest wish? Don’t you want it?” 
Jinks snarled loudly "I want my nightmares of Katherine's death out of my mind!"
He gulped with shock recognizing what he said as he shifted to stare at his feet. 
He didn't comment a response as he heard again "What have you learned from the nightmares, hmm?"
Jinks groaned softly as he found himself lulled to sleep shut his eyes while grimacing recalling that he'll always dream Katherine's death as a nightmarish dream. He found his hunch correct this time only to scream out words that shocked him when he woke up in a fast move. 
Jinks gasped of shock hearing he screaming out "Father, help me!"
He found himself repeating the words as he stared at the sitting Slayer he finding the male this time didn't have a book in hand “Father, help me!”
Jinks heard from the Slayer in response "Help self. Acknowledge what you haven't been acknowledging."
He leaned back to stare at the Slayer in response only to recall a memory as if compelled within his mind it was of his denial regarding accepting his nightmares of Katherine dying in front of him. He recalled as if compelled that he spent an accounted number of time contained in the gym room of his residence ignoring anything around him while crying tears on and off. Jinks recalled what happened next was White Shadow appeared to him via a vision accompanied with the white tiger Misty next to the male.
Jinks shut his eyes forcing himself to recall what White Shadow had said to him "My servant, why are you crying as if your heart is breaking?"
He exhaled a breath recalling he had gone to White Shadow to put hands onto the male's robed form and wailed "Make it stop! Make the nightmares of Katherine dying in front of me stop within my mind now! I can't make the dreams go away! I want it to go away! I can't sleep without nightmarish dreams of her dying in front of me!"
Jinks opened his eyes as he recalled what happened next was White Shadow's form became ghostly followed by the male heard speaking "I'll make it stop with a price tag."
He recalled what he said "I'll do anything to pay the price. Just as long as you make the dreams, stop now."
Jinks recalled it involved his form shifted into slightly a blood drinker despite still able to eat regular Human food. He focused with his eyes to find himself surrounded by Slayers still baring their faces aimed at him some appearing to have a look in their eyes, creeping him out, while sensing some had pity within their expressions. He squirmed underneath their narrowed eyed look as he recalled that White Shadow took control of his body despite displaying a black robed look on his body form. He continued to recall further that Misty wound up disappearing in a light show she giving off a growl sounding of terror to him. 
Jinks kept on fidgeting till he heard "Leave him alone now. He knows what he's done."
He exhaled a breath finding he relieved to hear Sora's voice as the Slayers faded from eyesight. Jinks found Sora still singing her familiar comment he looked away towards the wall. He felt a hand touching his scarred cheek to gasp looking at Sora rubbing the area including removing her hand to touch the top of his head. Jinks sighed and allowed Sora to touch him who appeared to be curious enough to want to touch his face all over. He ignored Sora's touch as she touched his hand that was on his lap. He frowned as Sora gave his hand a gentle squeeze movement that seemed familiar to him before releasing it to float away with wings not indicating of flapping. Jinks wound up frowned staring at Sora as if drawn, to eye her face, finding she was forming a thoughtful expression while still giving off her familiar beeping noises he feeling relieved to not able to translate. Jinks kept on staring at Sora who ignored him staring at her. He found Sora's form shift into a familiar female to his shock he recognized as Katherine. 
He spoke "Katherine?"
Jinks eyed Katherine whose form became solid to his shock without the Sora form to land at his feet him feeling the bite of the chains holding him into a sitting position despite his efforts to stand up. Jinks frowned while eyeing Katherine who had a sad look on her face with tears spilling from her eyes.
He spoke again "Katherine, I'm sorry I couldn't save you. I wish I could have. I loved you too much to let you die in front of me. Hence I always have those nightmares of you dying in front of me. It's me, in denial that I should be accepting your death when I'm having a hard time doing it."
Jinks got nothing from Katherine but her robe disappearing from her form followed by her kneeling while holding out a hand and she speaking "Jinks."
He eyed Katherine despite chained as she he saw was in a boat being taken away by the sea. He found Katherine crying as the ocean pulled her away from him. 
Jinks smelled ocean salt air and spoke loudly "Katherine! I love you! Don't forget that I love you, I always will!"
Jinks found an ocean wave struck the boat knocking Katherine into the water he kept on repeating his words over and over despite forcing himself to remain on the beach staring at the ocean taking her under. Jinks found darkness overtaking him in response despite he always dreamed of saving Katherine from death within his mind this time he didn't do the saving. Jinks came to feeling a purring vibration that felt too big and loud to be a cat. He groaned softly from the noises while shaking his head as he felt the purring become softer and softer. Jinks frowned finding he lying on a bed from the feel including an oxygen mask covering his mouth and nose. He felt a hand gripping his right hand in a familiar grip. Jinks frowned jerking open his eyes to find the hand's owner was Barry with all black eyes, appearing to be a cloned copy of original Barry, but this time have the marked black eyes. Barry, despite his black eyes that gave Jinks, a familiar glare he gulped seeing. He spoke the contents of his dream entirely including his words and included the memory of White Shadow taking his body to inhibit. 
Jinks frowned while staring at Barry warily who spoke in his familiar voice "There's one matter of a certain individual that must be removed on a permanent basis with death happening."
Jinks gulped hearing Barry's words finding the male removed his hand out of his hand's grip to gently rub his forehead. He sighed from the touch finding Barry's mouth was in a somewhat smiley look he recognized from the male. 
Jinks sighed and didn't comment a response as Barry added "So good to see you again, Jinks."
He sighed loudly and didn't protest as he felt cat paws onto his legs to find a cat settling onto his front giving off purring vibrations that seemed loud to him. 
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke again "The inhibiting by White Shadow left a side effect within you. It involves you able to hear well than normal, as the Fishla call our species, Earthari can hear."
He sighed and didn't comment a response as he found Barry was whispering his words as the cat's purring got louder. 
He sighed again and shut his eyes he figuring to he "I might as well sleep since I need it."
Jinks appeared to not realize that he was cloned to have advanced hearing ability like an idiot who still doesn’t get it his cloning. He passed out unconscious to come to hearing Sora's familiar beeping noises. He jerked open his eyes with shock to find Sora floating above him lying in bed while the cat was felt off his front. He frowned while eyeing Sora who rubbed a hand onto his forehead he sighed allowing her to touch. Her touch he felt, felt realistic like a Human hand but seemed warm and softly smoothed skinned. 
Jinks didn't say a word in response as Sora beeped him finding himself able to translate within him "You were tested and it appears you hear more than a normal Earthari does. You seem to have the hearing of a Souler as they refer themselves instead of Slayer as you call them."
Jinks sighed and felt his ears he finding nothing in them and didn't comment a response as Sora forced his eyes shut him hearing her order him “You’re to sleep.” 
Jinks obeyed to pass out unconscious coming to hearing a baby crying noise loudly. He jerked open his eyes finding himself lying in an odd room that seemed not familiar to him. He looked around discovering himself lying on a mattress bed with a blanket up to his form. He felt his familiar clothes of karate uniform were gone from him and this time he was wearing something unfamiliar. Jinks found his gloves were still covering his hands to his relief, he seemingly germ phobic. He sat up adjusting the blanket to take a look at he as he heard a faint alarm sound. He sighed and felt his ears feeling for any devices only to find them empty. Jinks groaned softly him hearing his groan sounding loud to him.
He thought to himself "Ah well, I guess I better get used to this."
He heard nothing in response to his thinking explored the room to find a bathroom with a full length mirror on the wall. Jinks eyed he discovering he was clad in Fishla's Leadership clothes he shocked to know what it was, which was considered black pants, black shoes and a brown top with black stripe on it including a broach on his left he examined. 
Jinks frowned hearing the sound of a door opening along with “Humph.” 
He left the bathroom to find a female wearing getup that considered of some grey nurse's uniform that spoke loudly he forcing himself to avoid grimacing from the loudness of her voice.
He heard "Alright get out of here, Mister Leader. Leaders Lave and the kids are waiting for you in the hallway outside medical bay."
Jinks frowned but walked passed the nurse he hearing “Good riddance!” to his annoyance. 
He frowned but easily found the medical bay's entrance to find a Souler, he figured he'll refer them standing outside in the hallway that gave him a salute of respects. The salute involving hand onto forehead and thrusting hand forwards. Jinks frowned but walked out to meet a male Fishla with a head appearing to look like a humanoid fish despite Human blue eyes that looked him up and down him hearing a sound of throat clearing noises from the male. 
Jinks spoke "Your Leader Lave as referred? Where are the kids the nurse referred to?"
He frowned as felt a foot stomp onto his foot in an angry move to look down seeing two Earthari he figured he'll refer the Humans standing below his height and appeared to be on the short side both giving him all black eyed glares. Jinks sensed the Master in control willed it aside and again heard Leader Lave's familiar throat clearing noises. 
He spoke firmly while eyeing Leader Lave he found the male was taller than him appearing to be a tall Human’s six foot height "I have too many names said to me in my face as my identity but one name I prefer above all is Jinks. Don't give me jokes on it rhyming with inks or inky. I hate that and I always threw an angry fit enough to react violently with my fists."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line while eyeing Leader Lave he forced to look up towards the male him finding himself not afraid as usual. 
Jinks frowned as Leader Lave spoke "You're whispering your words, Jinks."
He heard the firmness of Leader Lave's voice spoke firmly "My hearing I'm told isn't normal Earthari hearing standards. Instead it's better than any normal Earthari unless that's bragging."
Jinks clamped his mouth shut into a thin line while eyeing Leader Lave who spoke "Nevertheless come with me while I show you around here the place Annoyov Barrack Station."
He sighed and didn't comment a response as he wordlessly followed Leader Lave sensing the two kids he figured were leaders too taking up the rear. 
Jinks mentally thought to he as he followed Leader Lave "This is going to be interesting."
Jinks followed Leader Lave who gave him a tour of the Annoyov Barrack Station including the Command Center. He noticed Leader Lave once arriving into the Command Center dismissed him with a head bob and went to give commands to the Humans with markings of half triangles on their cheeks while wearing uniforms. Jinks noticed some of the Humans referred as Earthari by Leader Lave had no cheek markings. 
He assumed “They were just pure Humans and not marked despite some suspicion hitting me it wasn’t the case.” 
Jinks wound up leaving the Command Center finding himself bored with Leader Lave’s ignorance of directing operations of having shuttles land planet side and take off. Jinks wandered around the station exploring areas as he could despite sensing himself followed by some sense that was related to his Nightwalkers’ sense. He went to Medical Bay to find the siren sounded loudly when he entered to his disgust. He gave up a loud Humph and waited for someone to arrive. Jinks didn’t have long to wait as a female with red hair arrived wearing a grey uniform triggering his sexual urges hitting him as always involving females suffering from sexual urges and hurt by males. He sighed sensing she was one of the females and wasn’t going to admit it by the glare she gave him. Jinks felt hands onto his back running all over the place and found the Nightwalkers five of them peering behind him as he stared at the Nurse he assumed was the female. 
“Free eats for the Nightwalkers who depend on blood?” He spoke towards the nurse in a firm tone.
Jinks saw her eyes green Human like narrow with a look in them like she was up to something. 
He frowned as the female spoke “Leader, what’s your name and what kind of feeding methods do the Nightwalkers feed?”
Jinks sighed hearing her voice tone indicated she was up to something nasty against a human male by her glare. 
He spoke firmly the description of a Nightwalker’s feeding habit then added “I’m called Jinks. Spare me the joke of Inks or Inky for my name. I’ll always react badly with fists if that joke is said to me.”
Jinks frowned as the nurse spoke “Name’s Alexa and that’s all you’ll know of me.”
He frowned but spoke firmly while eyeing Alexa in the eyes “I submit to your authority.”
Alexa, he saw appeared to form a pained expression on her face but shook it off followed by her speaking “There’s a male dubbed Terror, I like your Nightwalkers to feed off of. He’s got furry skin like an animal twin colors to your skin and twin colored hair like yours.” 
Jinks frowned but gave a head bob not trusting he to speak as Alexa added “Once the Nightwalkers feed off this male Terror, I’ll provide them with free eats in here as bargained. Just bring Terror into here once your Nightwalkers you’re appearing to control them finished feeding off of him as proof.” 
He kept his mouth shut and eyed Alexa who spoke “Now shoo and find this male yourself with your Nightwalkers. Once their done sucking onto him their free to come into here for free eats.”
Jinks frowned but obeyed to walk out of the medical bay finding Alexa remained inside appearing to look like she was struggling to not to cry by wiping her eyes with her hands. He frowned but walked into the hallway to notice the familiar glowing Z symbol of a Nightwalker onto the wall and grimaced recognizing their trap involving trying to get a victim lured to there. He walked away as a result and went to another hallway to stand with eyes shut listening for anything involving the Nightwalkers’ trap. He listened a lengthy time period till he heard a faint groaning noise from the hallway including Nightwalkers’ sucking sounds. He felt a compulsion via Meritanians’ variety via headache to go to the Nightwalkers to see who they caught in their trap which he obeyed. He found five of the Nightwalkers were busy sucking onto a male with furry skinned clothes. He put two fingers into his mouth and blew a whistle blast. He heard the male grunted as he gave a loud whistle blast found the Nightwalkers giving off snickering sounds in response. This was followed by licking the bite wounds on the male then disappeared from his eyesight as he found the familiar glowing sign on the wall gone. He saw the male shook his head of dizziness to wobble which Jinks with strong strength hitting him grabbed the male’s arm holding him upright. The male reacted with struggling with the hands' owner, Jinks himself. 
"Stop that now! You're bound to make your wounds open if you struggle. I got to get you to medical bay for you to sleep this off. So come with me since you're too drunk to walk." Jinks spoke in an angry voice tone.
The male obeyed, Jinks feeling him not resisting to being pulled in the hallway. He heard the male sighed, and saw him shutting his eyes and felt him submit despite not seeing where to go. Jinks didn’t comment a word as he got the male into medical bay he grimacing from the siren sounds sounding loudly to indicate new visitor arriving. Jinks patted the male’s cheek despite the male’s eyes shut as the sirens quit. 
Jinks saw the male eyes were human black looking creeping him to think “Mindbender again?” 
Jinks shook his head of his thought and held up his hand and spoke "So tell me how many fingers up do I have hmm?"
The male obeyed to raise his hand he acting like his dizziness was overtaking him and slumped into a kneeling pose. Jinks with great strength shocking him got him up to stand followed by pulling him further into medical bay. 
Jinks got the male onto the floor and thrust his eyes shut while speaking loudly "Just go to sleep now. You need it."
The male obeyed surrendering to the urge to sleep which he appeared to have passed out unconscious from the looks of it. Jinks stood standing over the male clad in furry skin clothes, he saw, appeared to be like second skin to him but were easily removed off him like cloths. He discovered Tennans feminine humanoids with black oily skin with antenna heads and a face all black with black beady eyes and a beak of a bird for mouth and clawed hands as Leader Lave warned him via description coming into sight. The Tennans wound up seen by Jinks dropping from above and growling angrily who adjusted the male's clothes covering him fully before making their shooing gestures. He sighed and went to the Commander he recognized via description of her, despite some odd sense hitting him abruptly making him stiffen, lying on the floor unconscious covered via a blanket. Jinks wound up to find a Gate Destroyer, a Human with markings on the cheek of a Kang as called and markings of scars onto his arm seen indicated Elric, appear in sight blocking his way while giving him a golden eyed glare twin to a Builder and jabbing a finger in the direction of the medical bay's entrance. He sighed as he cocked his head and forced himself to listen to the Commander's heartbeat. He heard it beating strongly along with a rapid fired beating sound he figured was from the baby inside her. Jinks got a gentle push from the Gate Destroyer distracting him. He walked away in response and without a word went to the entrance to medical bay walking out. Only to find the familiar two Leaders, that always scared him seeing them, standing in the hallway with arms folded and glares on their faces. 
Jinks exhaled a breath recognizing the glares they gave him were spoken for "You did something wrong so admit it."
He sighed and moved his hands in the female's dubbing herself T'La's hand language "Alright Alexa, I guess is her name, got wind that I was controlling the Nightwalkers living here. She made a deal with me on having Nightwalkers get free eats which is free blood via donations if I direct them to suck on victims who she approves of it. She wanted the Nightwalkers to suck this guy, dubbing himself Terror, unsure of why he's called that. Not too much sucking just enough to make him fall asleep for awhile. She's still mad that the Commander is stuck in her offspring production that she appears to blame this Terror for the cause making it seem he's the father of her offspring."
He frowned forming a frown with his lips once he done signing to get from T'La cocking her head in some gesture that said "You're hiding something so admit it."
Jinks groaned softly seeing that the two weren't budging on getting him to admit what they wanted him to admit. He raised his hands to sign only to feel a glowed hand clamp over them he saw belonged to a Souler who shook his head in some Human no gesture. Jinks frowned while eyeing T'La to see her stomp her foot in response followed by D'Clan her declared brother looking nervous. He sighed as the Souler removed his hand and resumed position in the hallway. 
He eyed D'Clan as he recalled that T'La's foot stomp was spoken for "Quit scaring me!"
Jinks frowned while eyeing brother and sister as D'Clan jabbed a finger aimed at him making him nervous while giving him a glare and got from the young male speaking in a twin voice of Master’s cruel voice tone "Whatever secret you have don't expect to keep them hidden. We'll find out period."
Jinks frowned as T'La with D'Clan without a word walked away the sister had arms folded and looking disgusted by the expression on her face when she glanced his way. He felt the familiar pawing onto his back he recognized was from the hidden Nightwalkers trying to calm him down from an angry upset mood. Jinks exhaled a breath and folded his arms while forcing himself to be calm from the pawing of the Nightwalker pawing his back till he looked to find a Souler was doing it to his shock. He exhaled a breath while frowning staring at the Souler walked away fading from sight. Jinks frowned but didn't comment a response as he eyed the remaining Souler warily.
He heard blared in his mind "Some of your people are serving us, Leader."
He exhaled a breath and got a gesture to move, by the Souler he stared at gesturing via sword. 
Jinks without a word walked away thinking to himself "This is getting weirder and weirder."
Jinks heard nothing in answer to his words instead figured to himself "Eh? It's just a secret I'll have to learn on my own."
He walked away into the hallway meeting T'La and D"Clan both in a rapid fire sign language chat he breezed by them they giving him glares in response pausing their chats. He ignored them and walked away only to feel a compulsion to go into a direction which he obeyed finding he led to the Command Center. Jinks found Leader Lave in the room appearing to be in the middle of directing operations of the station he stood in the doorway with arms folded. He kept his mouth shut as Leader Lave seemed haggard to him while still directing Earthari. 
Jinks frowned as he walked into the room to pay attention to Leader Lave's orders he figured to himself "I might as well see if I can help him out."
He found Leader Lave accepting his takeover to find the Fishla sitting down into a chair and appeared to be snoozing away which he kept up the ordering firmly letting the male sleep as long as he wanted. 
Jinks directed operations a seemingly lengthy time period till an electronic voice via recognition later sounding of an Eli, a Human brain implanted into computer machinery that interrupted him “Shift over leave the deck.”
He found Leader Lave gone from his seat he finding himself among Fishla from their fish like heads and Humanoid bodies armed with weapons in the room. Jinks groaned and felt a familiar headache hitting him indicating manipulation via Meritanian variety again. He felt annoyance take hold as he was led to the garden park part of the station and heard crying sounds. Jinks recognized the crying as Alexa’s voice sounding likes she was upset by the noises. He followed the noises via his ears finding her in a clearing kneeling and rocking her form with tears spilling from her eyes. Jinks again got his familiar sense hitting him involving sexual urges. He without a word went to Alexa and kneeled in front of her waiting for her to acknowledge him. Jinks waited as Alexa appeared to shut her eyes and kept up her crying bout with rocking her form ignoring him with her noises getting louder and louder. He felt annoyance take hold with the noises got up and went to Alexa gently grabbing her arms making her gasp opening her eyes. He without a word lifted Alexa to stand and kissed her on the lips letting go of her arms finding the female wrapping arms around his neck kissing him in response. Jinks heard twig snapping sounds of someone walking nearby had paused to stand watching them. He ignored the staring of someone to focus onto Alexa. Jinks didn’t protest as Alexa broke the kiss and appeared to wipe her mouth via her sleeve and appeared to look like she was upset. 
Jinks forced he to kneel in front of Alexa "I submit to your authority mating wise.” As he said his words firmly while eyeing Alexa via the eyes.
Jinks wound up hearing sobbing sounds loudly in Alexa's voice tone as he heard "I've waited too long for a male to say that to me!"
He sighed finding Alexa was too upset to lie down onto the ground and forced himself to be still while staring at the blue sky. He ignored his senses blaring indicating a watching sense twin to Barry’s via all seeing one powers. Jinks forced he to remain still as he felt Alexa finding she had managed to kneel down next to him and run hands over his chest. He sighed softly as she lifted up his shirt and bared his nipples including baring his sensitive part. Jinks sensed someone was spying onto Alexa who was in the process of licking his nipples from the looks of it. Jinks didn't give a response instead remained staring at the sky unblinkingly with form still. He kept his hands to himself and waited as Alexa had her way with him sexually as in sucking his sensitive part and omitting any intercourse to his confusion. He frowned inwardly as he felt his mind scanned during Alexa’s touch and felt the mind scanning quit when she stopped touching him to frown staring at him with a frown. 
His eyes met her eyes and he figured to himself thinking as he felt his mind scanned “She’s a mind walker of a Human variety despite Highlanders is known for that on this planet.”
Jinks found Alexa in response covered his sensitive part via pants and yanked down his shirt followed by getting up walking away with anger sensed from her. He swung himself up via acrobatic move to find Alexa was pacing walking back and forth in front of him as he heard twig snapping sounds indicating someone was coming nearby. He looked past Alexa’s pacing to find the familiar furry skinned male as dubbed Terror in sight with eyes human black giving him creeps abruptly. 
He felt his senses blared warning when Terror came into view of Alexa and spoke “Forgiveness? Confess your crime.”
Alexa, he saw as he gulped hearing wound up looking up to give Terror a glare of accusation as the male spoke his familiar line again and then blurt "I don't want to know what secret you tell me. I'm not a library. Excuse me."
Terror, Jinks saw made a motion to leave only to hear "Wait! I want to talk to you!"
He stared at Alexa with a frown finding her kneeling and crying tears while rocking her form back and forth. Jinks frowned but kept his mouth shut as he wound up walking into Alexa’s sight that made a shooing gesture towards Terror. Terror to his disgust jabbed a finger aimed at him and spoke his line despite Alexa quiet with her sobbing. Jinks sighed as Terror gave him a glare while appearing to remain standing balking moving while folding his arms and giving him a glare. Jinks sighed again and without a word went to Alexa to squat limber style and gently put a hand onto Alexa's shoulder she quit crying to wipe her eyes with her sleeve. 
Jinks spoke once Alexa was quiet "I have a female offspring born out of a forced mating ritual I did to a female. Her Mother had a male who had beliefs on who raises the offspring which was forced onto me. I don't regret my daughter coming to existence. I do regret the way I did towards her mother when I used her for mating urges. It was she who told me after it was obvious I wasn't doing anything for my mating urges, just bottling them inside actually, that I was to allow myself be used for females to get over a forced mating done onto them via males. I have been doing that faithfully as a result of getting my mating urges satisfied. I do tend to recognize females that need this help like I recognized from you hence I submitting to this. My daughter in question once fully grown, hasn't been upset about how she came to existence instead has been very understanding of my purposes towards females who are hurt by males in a mating way, something I work to help them overcome."
Jinks without a word straightened up his form and spoke in response "I already have a female I considered mine who's not in existence at the moment but in my mind and heart. I wait for the day when I can join her but as long as I have a purpose of living, I live for her. I refused to take any female in her place or pair myself up to any female unless it's for helping her overcome her problems of mating via male."
Alexa appeared to be calmer but was avoiding looking at him who he without a word walked away as compelled via Meritanian variety. He felt annoyance take hold as he found himself transported to the High Council’s Throne room’s hallway to stand in the doorway. He found another light show to show Terror appear into sight that was restrained by the Falcons via claws of gloves onto the male’s arms. Jinks eyed the High Council as he found himself in the presence of Mindbender standing nearby Terror displaying his bony look dubbed Berserker he grimaced seeing.
Jinks kept the glare in response as Shad spoke "What? He looks ridiculous for a First One."
Jinks frowned but kept his silence as Terror was sensed quiet but figured the male was glaring sensing angry breathing from the male in response. He kept the glare as Tom he saw turned around and waved a bony hand in the High Council’s direction before fisting the hand. 
Jinks frowned finding Tom shifted to resume looking in his direction as he heard "Alright whatever! Where's Horus anyway?"
Jinks frowned hearing the sarcasm of Shad’s voice to blink his eyes finding himself with disgust sensed in the room. 
Jinks glared as he focused onto the speakers finding Onya was speaking "Explain yourself Horus with your obsession of acquiring an All Seeing One! The Meritanians made it clear that they don't want us to have one in our possession so talk now Horus!"
Terror spoke his familiar line in response he hearing “Forgiveness? Confess your crime.”
Jinks forced himself to speak via compulsion despite he hearing “Ugh!” spoken from both speakers "It wasn't me but White Shadow as he calls him self's obsession in acquiring back his companion, pet, a gonoid dubbed Misty which in First One's terms is dubbed albino tiger. He loved that tiger too much to do anything to get her back in his possession. That's what I was trying to say during lucidity moments of control. He didn't give a damn about the Nightwalkers or leading them anymore. All he cared was that Misty back into his possession. Hence this ridiculous war done between him and the ones who got Misty in their possession the Soulers as their referred now instead of Slayer. He forgot the actual reason why he had Misty in their care was because she was quarantined like any gonoids that arrived off planet for a time frame. It's to make sure their not carrying sicknesses that could spread to manoids or gonoids. Something the Fishla reasoned when they built the station included others on planetary worlds was to avoid species extinction by sicknesses. Something their germ phobic about including related to gonoids coming off planet. It's something the restless natives of the station took up and have been paying the Soulers' home vessel money to quarantine their gonoids and their people before joining the population planet bound."
Jinks got restrained by Tom in a fast move from behind the male’s bony hands felt gripping his arms in tight ironclad holds. He kept his mouth shut in a thin line while eyeing the High Council. 
Jinks via special hearing wound up hearing the words "Falcons, not bird males."
He exhaled a breath keeping his mouth shut as the High Council appeared to go into a head wagging hand waving movement behind the speakers while noticing their heads were bowed. 
Jinks kept the glare at the High Council as Shad appeared to glance into Terror’s direction before bowing his head he hearing "I'm called Shad for I speak for the males of the High Council."
Jinks heard from Onya seeing her glance up towards Terror before bowing her head echoing Shad's words but this time used the name of Onya. Jinks didn't comment a response as the High Council behind them went into a discussion he figured what they were doing seemingly lengthy. 
Shad raised his head along with Onya doing the same and heard from the male speaker "Anyway Meritanians transport this All Seeing One back to his residence now. Our business with him is done."
Jinks found Terror disappearing into a light show while hearing snickering like laughter from the Meritanians to his disgust. He gave up a sound of disgust loudly and recognized the tone the Meritanians used via laughter noises.
Jinks spoke loudly “They dumped this All Seeing One into a volcano and burned him to death by the noises their giving.”
He found from both Speakers speaking “Meritanians!”
Jinks frowned as he heard from Ramses one of the three Meritanians, the Big Three, as dubbed snickering loudly “You’ll find the Nightwalkers succeeded in sucking Terror the original unconscious to suffer death and his body was sent to the volcano to be burned out of some smelly situation in Medical Bay as that station Annoyov is referred. Hah, hah”
Jinks recalled the Tennans and their treatment of Terror spoke firmly “Meritanians what about the Tennans and their weird treatment of this Terror anyway?”
He heard snickering quit followed by groaning sounds of Meritanian variety followed by hearing Ramses’ grumpy voice “Tennans are upset at the moment by the loss of Terror and thinking of violence onto the natives of the Annoyov Barrack Station and whoever planet side. I figured from mind scanning them that a cloned copy of the original Terror should get them to quit their violence mood. Don’t ask me why they care about this Terror fool too much.”
Jinks groaned softly and didn’t comment a response as Shad was heard speaking “Tank! We have orders for you to say!”
Jinks felt Tom’s hands onto his arms squeeze into a gentle move but remained tight onto the area as he glared at the High Council.
He heard from Tank in response “Yah, I put in that order the moment the Tennans were sensed upset figuring out something related to Terror as their Ambassador and spokesperson for their species when communicating with others. The order is already done with and waiting for transportation to the Annoyov Barrack Station according to the Soulers as they call themselves.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut and found Tank quit mind scanning him despite hearing further snickering like laughter from the Meritanians. He sensed Barry’s spying via All Seeing One powers to figure it was Terror or cloned copy doing that spying. Jinks glared at the High Council while standing in the High Council's presence still restrained by Tom. Jinks sensed the spying but refused to acknowledge it instead still had his face into a glaring stare aimed at the High Council's direction. Jinks stood with a glare on his face him not commenting a word towards the High Council in a lengthy discussion behind the speakers. He noticed the speakers kept glancing up to stare at him before bowing their heads on and off. He felt annoyance take hold finding the High Council was in a lengthy discussion. Jinks kept his mouth shut into a thin line as he heard the Master roaring within the back of his mind. He felt the Master itching to take control ignored the sensation as Tom's bony hands were felt squeezing in a gentle move before releasing the squeezes. He kept his mouth shut further and waited as the High Council quit the discussion followed by Shad and Onya raising their heads.
Jinks waited as Shad spoke "Anyhow what course of action do you recommended be done onto Horus by the Airens as they call themselves now, Mindbender?"
He kept his mouth shut despite feeling angry but forced himself to be calm as Tom's bony hands became more flesh from the feel followed by hearing from the male still restraining him "They don't give a bloody suck about Horus. Just as long as their fed and satisfied from the feeding of receiving the sacred drink they want. Excuse my words but I'm speaking their mind's language at the moment. Their listening and expect me to speak in their fashion of words as a price tag for leading them. They expect me to lead them without questioning their motives."
Jinks frowned to feel Tom's hands resume the bony style as he kept his mouth into a thin line and waited as Shad again spoke "What do you have to say about the possession stunt by this White Shadow?"
He spoke firmly "I'm a fool who's foolish enough to let something simple as bad dreams cause me to allow White Shadow to possessive me in order to get those bad dreams to stop. I already paid my price for having that possession stunt done onto me. My hearing via my ears wound up more advanced than an Earthari another word for First One as the natives off planet now call the species I am. Its hell trying to avoid hearing what I'm not supposed to hear. Besides the Airens as they want to be called have insisted that I control them in their bloody sucking ways as Tom says while their among the natives on the Fishla's station dubbed Annoyov Barrack Station, unsure of the name involving Annoyov."
He clamped his mouth shut to find the High Council going into discussion only to hear from Tom loudly "Horus is telling the truth on what the Airens want while their among the natives of the Annoyov Barrack station. The Airens here specifically requested me to help with their bloody sucking feelings towards you and whoever here. I'm not at liberty to say if it's involved with leadership. Instead they asked. I do what I can."
Jinks frowned feeling Tom's hands resumed the bony look. 
He gave the High Council a glare only to hear blared "Excuse me for interrupting but can I transport Horus now? The Airens have gotten restless without Horus's presence on the station enough to want to lash out in angry terms. They appear to detect Horus gone from the station and are in process of throwing a hissy fit. Don't ask me why I said that."
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing Ramses' blaring voice sounding in his mind as he eyed the High Council to find Tom's hands off his arms followed by finding himself in a hallway where there was a familiar signed mark of the Nightwalkers glowing on the wall. He sighed as he heard hissing sounds to groan softly and folded his arms waiting for the Airens, as they called themselves to instead of accepting the Nightwalker name to check him all over. Jinks ignored the Airens felt via hidden status sniffing him all over not sparing his privates. He kept his arms folded waiting with his mood bad again as the Airens quit their sniffing followed by forcing him to sit down by hands pressing onto his shoulders. He allowed them to make him sit which he obeyed. Jinks didn't protest as he felt his back leaned against the wall and found Airens appearing with soft whining squeals counting about four of them. He figured to himself that the four Airens were the bravest of the Airens to live in the station with him as the four proceeded to use his legs as a pillow and fell asleep. 
Jinks heard blared in his mind "Nighty night, Horus."
He sighed hearing Merra's familiar voice sounding in his mind didn't protest as the Meritanian’s comment was sensed putting him asleep. 

Jinks woke up feeling a poke of something of a foot against his leg. He jerked open his eyes to find a Souler with a cane appearing to look familiar was poking him via the leg making a finger gesture up. He obeyed to get up from the floor finding the Airens or Nightwalkers weren’t around. Jinks gave the Souler a glare of annoyance that made a gesture towards him as if indicating whispering into his ear.
He sighed and leaned forwards to hear from the Souler via ears in a loud whisper “Terror has been told or pointed out to be fathered by Barry himself. I know that’s not the case as in Terror originally was a clone of someone else actually. Not sure who that Terror was actually so when you meet Terror acknowledge the connection as he your brother. Just do that. We’ll take care of the rest.”
Jinks sighed and found another Souler with a sword come into view via whining squeal sounding softly via his ears. He recognized the sound and found the other Souler coming into view to tap the caned Souler onto the shoulder into some insisting move. Jinks frowned as the caned Souler without a word faded from view despite noticing the Souler with sword gripping the male’s arm into a hold. He heard footsteps of the Soulers walking away from him via hidden status and felt a compulsion to walk via Meritanian variety. Jinks followed the Meritanians’ compulsion to come upon Terror. 
He spoke in a loud whisper "Greetings brother Terror. I see you met my Father and yours as well."
Jinks heard Terror exhaled a breath to give a head bob alien style but twin to Leader Lave’s to add in response still using the loud whisper "Come along now. The Airens aren't in a feeding mood onto you. I have forbidden them to feed off natives wandering around the Trading Center as its dubbed and directed them to Medical Bay for free eats."
Terror was heard sighed and wordlessly followed him despite still giving off the male’s familiar line “Forgiveness? Confess your crime.”
Jinks felt annoyance take hold when he felt Meritanian’s manipulation headache hitting him to keep him from talking. 
He heard Terror from behind yelling loudly repeatedly towards the natives despite his line of “Forgiveness? Confess your crime.” Spoken loudly over and over including saying "Oh for crying out loud! I don't want to know your secret! I'm not a library for secrets to be kept!"
He heard Terror repeated his words over and over ignored him who he sensed was following him to the garden finding the blast doors open and sun shining. He heard Terror cut himself off once he got them both into the garden walking on a path he finding Terror not inclined to speak more of his familiar line and grumpy yelling words. Jinks walked on the path next to Terror he sensed was silently glancing at him and at the path's ground of small stones. Jinks saw a Tennan a drone via animal footed form a lowest of the low came into view from the bushes to go up towards him to rub his leg with her body in some cat like behavior while purring loudly. Jinks halted the walk to eye the drone he eyed in response to find her going up to Terror and grabbing the male’s pant leg with a claw and yanking it into a direction while seeing her head gesture him to follow.
Terror spoke towards Jinks "Be seeing you around, Jinks."
Jinks spoke in response as Terror made a move to walk "There's four Airens living on the station and no more than that that I'm controlling. The others about five of them got too nervous to live among the natives and escaped via garden. I warn you I haven't heard a peep from those five Airens or anything involving them feeding onto the people walking around here. Medical Bay claims that they haven't received any patients that needs blood from the garden or any Airens from there. Sorry just be warned on what I said. Just be warned besides the four Airens haven't said anything regarding the five Airens hiding anywhere in the garden. 
The Airens said 'Gone home.'”
Jinks felt a sword’s edge onto his neck cutting his talking and heard a faint growling noise from the Souler.
He added towards Terror “Sorry not a liberty to say what it means due to a Souler sticking his sword at my neck."
Jinks found the Souler appearing from hidden status as he eyes turning all black looking via willing the Master through as he heard Terror spoke his familiar line again. Jinks spoke in response as the Souler removed the sword and hand whacked him on the back of the head he removing his creepy black eyed look and displaying Human blue eyes. "I was possessive by some spirit dubbing he White Shadow that picked a fight with the Soulers and their home residence sea vessel. It was on something ridiculous involving a gonoid or animal, as you say it, being in the Soulers' possession, they refused to give up due to quarantine it. White Shadow was so stupid didn't get it the quarantine business instead picked a fight with the Soulers and brought the Airens in the process." 
Jinks speaking his words firmly as he added giving the Souler a glare "White Shadow made a mistake on getting Terror here, involved not realizing that he had this ability to make people speak secrets. Terror from what I'm told got White Shadow to reveal the reason for this ridiculous fight between Airens and Soulers. The Airens' I'm told didn't take the reason kindly instead wound up removing White Shadow on a permanent basis. He's no longer inhibiting me or whoever but he left me a gift of hearing advanced than a normal Earthari can hear, hence I whispering my words."
Jinks shifted to glare at the Souler as he displayed his creepy eyed look at the male, he still not getting it he’s a clone. 
He heard a singing noise sounding within loudly via ears sounding in a pleading tone indicating some tone for peace. Jinks ignored the singing noises to finding the Souler was appearing to step back swinging his sword aimed at him. Jinks found Terror wound up using super blurring speed got between the both of them to grab the Souler's arm holding the sword and placed a hand onto his front while giving off loud ahem sounds. Terror he glared at gave them both a glare noticing the Souler put away his sword followed by giving him a glare which he removed the Master into the back of his mind. 
Terror spoke firmly as heard by Jinks "This is the Annoyov Barrack Station, a place of peace not for actions of war."
The Souler and Jinks each making a step back as Terror was felt removed his hands' to fold his arms while giving them both glares. Jinks felt himself nervous abruptly from Terror’s glare while noticing another Souler appear with face seen he recognized as the Souler’s spokesperson via voice ability with a look of concern on his face. Jinks looked away to folded his arms and had head bowed he heard via ears while hearing sounds of the missing Airens coming out of the bushes. He counted five of them via breathing and found the Airens seemed nervous by their noise as they went to him. They were appeared to be feeling him all over with their clawed hands. Terror was heard sighed and appeared via breathing to be calm while waiting for himself and the Souler to calm down from their angry attitudes while remaining still between them. He kept on sensing Terror was giving them glares finding the spokesperson Souler had managed to force the warring Souler's mask to bare his face via the sounds of it. Jinks finding the Airens kept their touchy feely touch all over him and appeared to focus their attention onto him as he remained still with arms folded and head bowed. Jinks felt the Airens rubbing him all over while he stood in the garden. He forced himself to mediate counting the Airens and their hands counted five of them to figure that they were the ones hiding in the garden. Jinks didn't protest to the Airens feeling him all over not sparing his sensitive parts while sensing that they were nervously upset about something by how their hands, claws kneaded him. Jinks heard growls sounding in Souler terms he ignored as he felt the Airens silently kneaded him he hearing their breathing coming out of short breaths that told him they were nervous for him. He sighed and concentrated onto his hearing to hear rumbling growls of a Souler's breathing he not sure what it meant. Jinks forced he to open his eyes and looked up at the Soulers with a glare. He found one with Human black eyes shooed him away with a hand towards him and kept making a look at me sign towards his fellow Souler he sensed was still angry by the growling noise he heard. Jinks didn't comment a response to the shooing as Airens grabbed his arms and hands and without a word with insisting behavior pulled him away. He obeyed to get pulled away allowing the Airens to lead him he forcing himself to breathe hard through his nose despite still feeling angry hitting him. Jinks kept his mouth shut into a thin line as another figure came into view via the bushes and stood. He sighed recognizing Harry, a brother of Barry who was clad in a uniform of all grey twin to a janitor, that stood with arms folded giving him a familiar glaring stare despite having all black eyes. Jinks groaned sensing the Airens weren't alarmed instead found them pulled him to Harry and halted his walk by holding him in place. 
He found Harry kept the glare as he spoke "Alright, I was furiously angry when I said my admittance to Terror and the Souler. I blame Terror for saying that ridiculous line of forgiveness over and over as I led him to the garden. His chanting got me in a bad mood enough to want to react violently hence I almost picking a fight with a Souler."
Jinks frowned as Harry's glare became more glaring by the eyes narrowing. He groaned softly feeling the Airens had managed to hide behind him by their hands onto his back. 
Jinks spoke firmly "Harry, you can't expect me to turn off my hatred towards the Soulers can you?"
He formed a glare as Harry spoke in response "I see that White Shadow got you influenced enough to be furious with the Soulers."
He groaned hearing the sarcasm of Harry's voice tone to speak in response sensing the Airens kneading his back with their hands "White Shadow conversed with me via my mind while I was contained in a box. He kept on ranting about wanting his companion called Misty back some albino tiger from the Soulers' possession. He refused to listen to me yelling at him about quarantines and stuff like that. Instead he decided to pick a fight with them on trying to get Misty back. The Soulers from what I've eavesdropped with my special hearing seemed furious with White Shadow for the war and have blamed me. I was angry when I arrived to the garden. I've gotten the impression that the High Council like the Soulers blames me responsible for this ridiculous war in the first place. Hence I furious with them and the High Council for not getting it that White Shadow was the responsible one."
Jinks glared a Harry whose all black eyes narrowed into a further glare and got from the male in response pointing a finger aimed at him and speaking “You’re a clone.”
Jinks gulped hearing the firmness of Harry’s voice tone via the admittance he realizing that Harry was telling the truth. 
He felt his bad mood quit to find Harry speaking “What else aren’t you not admitting, hmm, Inky?”
He heard Harry’s voice sounded firm when he spoke the Inky name to his disgust. Jinks gulped and felt the Airens’ hands off his back and heard them running off into the forest sounding nervous via ears. He gulped sensing that the Airens’ fear of Harry had hit them too much hence they running away. 
He continued to gulp as Harry jabbed a finger aimed at him and got from the male “Talk now, Inks.”
Jinks heard the firmness of Harry’s voice tone spoke with nervousness into his voice “Just that I let some nightmare of Katherine’s death, a female, I loved too much control me too much that I couldn’t seek the proper help for it. Instead I begged White Shadow to help me instead of seeking earthly help like therapy.”
He kept on gulping as Harry gave up a Humph sound but remained silent as he gulped and added “I don’t know what else you’re wanting from me.”
Jinks felt his mood bad again and glared at Harry with the Master in control. 
He kept the glare as Harry spoke “Meritanians make this Jinks’ clone remember who he is now.”
Jinks sensed Harry’s voice was using the Compelling voice tone found himself hit with a headache. He found his arms restrained by the Falcons via feel including a hand covering his mouth from screaming out loud as memories came to his mind of himself. He remembered coming out of a tube area and told “You’re a clone. The proof is the mark onto your back as a belly button.”
The male realized himself was not as Jinks Montreal but as Tam-Mykola MacLeod, a clone brought his hand onto his back finding the Falcons allowed him to feel that tattle tale mark of a clone of a belly button on the area. The clone glared at Harry and made an angry noise via his throat. He found the Falcons and the hand’s owner Anubis faded from sight via whining squeal sounds as he gave Harry a glare in response.
Harry, he saw glared back at him and again got the male’s order “Speak!” which he obeyed speaking “I’m Tam-Mykola MacLeod.”
He referring himself as Tam spoke his words firmly while sensing himself filmed via the sensing as he spoke his words while adding “What the depths happened to me to forget who I was anyway?”
Tam gave Harry a glare who spoke in response “Just get out of here now out of my sight, Tam-Mykola.”
Tam heard the firmness of Harry’s voice tone obeyed despite finding himself transported to the High Council to face the group while feeling his arms restrained by the Falcons. Tam glared in response and kept his mouth shut. He found himself hit with sleepiness and heard snickering like laughter from the Meritanians as he felt himself floating in air feeling hotness hitting him as he passed out unconscious into the volcano he assumed he was dumped into.

Tam-Mykola MacLeod came to feeling nudging his shoulder into an insisting move to his disgust despite trying to sleep. He felt himself lying on metallic floors naked of clothes and wet all over. He jerked open his eyes with annoyance running through him to find a Souler standing over him was nudging him via foot. Tam got up via acrobatic move to glare with annoyance running through him as the Souler without a word walked away disappearing via sight. He heard nothing involving his special hearing instead normal hearing to his disgust. Tam glared and without a word eyed the room’s contents as if needing to do it. He found a Souler nearby with a cane gesturing him to follow.
Tam spoke “Alright, I’ll follow but this better be worth my time.”
He gave the caned Souler a glare of annoyance and without a word followed the male out of the room he noticed a tube containing a lumpy object with a green laser light nearby. He noticed Soulers weren’t around as the caned Souler led him out of the room to a patient bedroom of the Zesky Asylum he recognized further of the Soulers’ home. He grunted an annoyed sound as he was led into the room to find Alexa via looks of her clad only in a hospital gown. He found her marching up towards him and slapped a hand onto his cheek hitting him a firm hit. 
He grunted from her hit and spoke “Violence of hitting people doesn’t solve things Alexa-” 
Tam was interrupted “Don’t Alexa me, Tam-Mykola MacLeod!”
Tam gave her a glare finding she was giving him a look expecting him to know something he recognized before as familiar.
Tam spoke “What? What am I supposed to get from you? I’m not a damned mind walker anyway.”
He gave Alexa a glare only to find her stripping off the hospital gown showing her naked form he gulped with shock recognition seeing her naked. He gulped as she without a word jumped onto him he forcing himself to catch and sank herself onto his sensitive part he rolling his eyes from the feel. Tam found himself and Alexa during their coupling managed to make it to the bed to land on top of it with the female on the bottom as he and her made movements of thrusting sex. He sighed once he spilled himself inside Alexa to sense her giving off a twin sigh. Tam felt his mind scanned abruptly and realized with a start that his mind was fully scanned while mating with Alexa. 
He spoke firmly “Peeping toms get out of my mind with the mind scanning now.”
Tam got interrupted by Alexa’s Humph sound and focused onto her as if needing to do it. He frowned as Alexa gave him a glare and displayed entirely black eyes he gulped seeing figuring out she had her own Master ability.
“Not Master ability.” He heard from Alexa verbalized her words as if hearing his thoughts “Mind walking actually.”
Tam frowned hearing a loud ahem sound sounding of disapproval followed by Alexa adding “Get off of me now, Inks!”
He obeyed to do that to find the caned Souler in the room thrusting a finger aimed at him and towards a doorway and making a shower sign. Tam obeyed finding the room was a bathroom proceeded to shower. He heard a siren sounding overhead to pull aside the shower curtain finding the caned Souler was in the room with arms folded appearing to be glaring at him via masked status. Tam frowned finding a red light blinking overhead ignored by the caned Souler as he resumed showering. Tam once done came out to find clothes piled on top of the toilet’s seat cover and the caned Souler still there watching him like a peeping tom to his disgust. Tam ignored the Souler and got himself dried followed by putting on the clothes he found was twin to a Leader of the Annoyov Barrack Station without the broach included. Groaning he found a hair band in the pockets and put his hair back his familiar braided style. Once done Tam walked out of the bathroom hearing the thumping of the Souler’s cane sounding familiar to him. He frowned as he walked out to find Alexa gone from her bed but her hospital gown was still lying onto the floor to his confusion. Tam frowned as he heard familiar chatter of a Builder’s compelling voice tone sounding behind him appearing to be from the caned Souler and found he dumped into something hard and metallic. Tam heard banging noises of vibrations forced he to kneel while looking around to spot Leader Lave nearby giving him a glare of accusation with his eyes. He gulped but cleared his throat and felt compelled to speak.
Tam blurted “I’m a clone.”
He felt annoyance with what he blurted frowned finding Leader Lave quit the accusation glare and appeared to compose himself with eyes shutting of shock.
Tam frowned while eyeing Leader Lave who opened his eyes and got from the male in response “Cloning is how I became a Fishla from the looks of it. I’m originally a Human as born that was cloned with a Fishla body to create me, Leader Lave as dubbed. My cloning was to talk the Fishla out of doing genocide onto the Earthari on their planet Earth in response to blaming them for the Tennans’ actions onto a colony world. The Tennans caused eater destruction to a colony world in the process of picking up this Eartheri male named Terror as he refers himself.”
Tam frowned but didn’t comment a response as he found himself and Leader Lave both transported to the High Council’s throne room. He glared at the High Council as Leader Lave got his arms restrained by the Falcons doing it in a loose hold. He found himself forced to stand by hands touching him from behind he felt was belonging to a High Council’s servant Mindbender also known as Tom. Tam kept the glare and waited as the High Council were seemingly motionless via their seats and appeared to be staring at Leader Lave. He heard nothing from Leader Lave but found the male using a stick weapon managed to free himself from the Falcons’ hand grips including knocking them onto the floor who were groaning loudly. Tam kept the glare and waited seemingly lengthy as Leader Lave ignored him and put away his weapon followed by silently staring at the High Council. Tam figured that the High Council was busy talking to Leader Lave mentally via Tank or Merra’s way. He heard snickering like laughter sounding in Ramses’ voice tone indicating a dumping into a volcano trick by the noise to his disgust. Tam gave up a sound of disgust loudly only to see a light flash showing the familiar caned Souler landing onto the metallic floor with a grunt loudly in a familiar voice. Tam kept his mouth shut and glared at the High Council as the caned Souler without any help got up from the floor and appeared to be leaning heavily onto his cane. He kept the glare and waited as Shad and Onya raised their heads followed by hearing “Barry ditch that masked look now!”
Tam gasped of shock hearing that as the caned Souler obeyed to remove the helmeted mask showing Barry’s face complete with all black eyes, instead of his golden Builder’s eyes and head appearance who spoke Builder’s chatter in a firm voice tone. Tam frowned hearing that only to hear snickering of the Meritanians again and recognized the noises indicating something else than volcano dumping as he felt a headache. He grunted bending down feeling a hand covering his mouth from screaming out loud. He found memories spilled into his mind that was twin to the memories of Jinks Montreal including his alternative personalities making him confused to who he was. He straightened up his form and found Tom’s hand uncovered his mouth from seen. He gave the High Council a glare he realizing he wasn’t just Tam-Mykola MacLeod but a cloned copy of the original Jinks Montreal given that personality of Tam himself. 
He kept the glare in response and waited as Barry was heard speaking “Talk High Council now!”
He heard the firmness of Barry’s voice tone to glare at them to hear from Shad speaking “Admit what Barry?”
He realizing he was a clone of Jinks Montreal and figured he’ll refer himself as Tam-Mykola MacLeod when asked for a name. 
Tam glared in response as both speakers spoke “Meritanians transport Barry out!”
He found himself transported out via Barry’s Builder chatter and found himself dumped into a bed appearing to be twin to a medical room of the Annoyov Barrack Station to his disgust. Tam got up and made a motion to leave only to hear a sound of the bathroom’s toilet being in used by the flushing sounds. He stood and waited with arms folded glaring at the bathroom’s door to hear a sound of water running indicated the sink being in used. 
Tam waited as the ajar door opened wider showing Leader Lave entering the room who noticed him in the room spoke “I see you met my cloned copy somewhere around here by the looks of you.”
Tam exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak firmly “I am a clone.”
He got from Leader Lave in response “The Fishla is very religiously on cloning people including cloning people who they favor or find unusual like they found with me.”
Tam frowned but didn’t comment a response as he gave Leader Lave a glare and waited for the male to speak further who added sounding tired “You’re free to leave the room and go elsewhere. I’m too tired to leave. I need to sleep some more.”
He frowned as Leader Lave without a word went to the bed and laid his form down onto it ignoring him staring. He felt annoyance take hold on the ignorance left the room slamming the door with a bang sound. Tam heard nothing in response to his door slamming instead felt his mood bad again as he stalked towards the entrance to the medical bay. He found his way blocked via hands getting onto his front he unable to see who the hands’ owners were via hidden status. Tam glared halting his stomping to shut his eyes and bowed his head. He forced himself to be calm till the invisible hands were felt forcing him to kneel and he found himself hit with sleepiness by the Meritanians snickering in his mind. Tam passed out unconscious to come to feeling a poking feeling of a stick poking his front in an insisting move. He jerked open his eyes finding himself much better rested and calmer to find Leader Lave standing over him with a glare in the Fishla’s Human blue eyes. He gulped and opened his mouth to speak only to feel a hand clamped over it. 
Tam looked to find the hand’s owner was T’La who gave him a familiar sneering glare in response he recognized “You did something bad and you’re going to get punished for it.” 
Tam gulped as Leader Lave and the kid Leaders got him into the private room. 

Tam with relief from his interrogation of mind scanning by the kid Leaders and Leader Lave walked out of medical bay refraining from grimacing of pain hitting him. He sighed as he walked out and found himself compelled to go into a direction despite confused to where he was going till he found the Airens’ signed letter on the wall. He frowned as he reached the signed letter and found himself met with Airens who proceeded to sniff him all over not sparing his privates to his annoyance. Tam ignored the Airens and shut his eyes forcing himself to accept their hands’ touch. 
He found the Airens in response proceeded to bite him all over sucking his blood from within making him open his eyes and blurting “Hey!” 
Tam found himself passing out unconscious from the sucking.

Tam came to finding he kneeling while in medical bay poked onto his front via stick weapon. He jerked open his eyes finding Leader Lave was the one who stuck his stick onto his front. Tam got up without a word only to get knocked to kneel by Leader Lave’s stick weapon. He grunted out a groan but refrained from commenting a protest instead glared at Leader Lave in response. Tam waited as Leader Lave’s eyes turned all black looking making him nervous. He found memories spilling into his mind via mind scanning he saw involved the Commander of the station Yana Renova having a baby via fast growth pregnancy with Terror pointed out as the father. Tam frowned as Leader Lave got him to stand up followed by the male willing aside his all black eyed look to his relief. 
Tam frowned as Leader Lave spoke “Go help Terror babysit the baby as you Humans say it.”
Tam obeyed to leave the medical bay finding he compelled via compulsion to go into directions he paid attention to where he went till he reached a door indicating an apartment to him. Tam waved a hand over the console and found the door opening which he heard a crying sound of a baby upset along with peering inside to find Terror looking panicky while holding onto a baby who was sounding upset.
Tam came into the quarters speaking "Let me help out with that babysitting job your given regarding your son."
Tam felt himself hit with tiredness abruptly figured it was the Meritanains doing it. He wound up instead of really helping Terror slept onto the couch and ignored the male’s attempts to wake him up during the baby heard wailing for food, burping and sleeping. Tam wound up feeling relief when the baby entered a sleeping periods as he heard Terror went to the kitchen unit. Terror’s looking around woke Tam up who awake put a hand onto the male’s arm giving the male an all black eyed glare.
Terror spoke "What? I'm hungry, my stomach is growling."
Tam in response making an eye roll as he heard Terror’s inner body kept on growling followed by speaking "When's the last time you used the private room for expelling manners hmm? You're giving off that stink involving it."
Tam added "I'll watch Terran. Just do something about the smell of you."
Tam went to the baby Terran as referred and picked him up from the crib and went to the couch that remained asleep on top of his front. Tam heard Terror enter the room and without a protest felt the male remove Terran who ignored the removal and remained sleeping he rolling over in response. Tam heard Terran inside the bedroom gave up a loud wailing noise he figured involving the baby’s own personal hygiene by the noise of raising Victoria baby style. Groaning Tam heard Terror proceeded with to clean the baby and bathed him in the kitchen unit's sink waking him up from sleeping to his disgust. He found Terror put the baby back into the crib who again wailed loudly of wanting something via the noises. Tam without a word wound up picking up Terran and followed by carrying him to the couch to sit leaning back with the baby sitting on his front and was rubbing the baby's back. He saw Terror frowned visibly while eyeing him rubbing Terran's back. Tam gave up humming noises sounding twin to the noises he remembered would give Victoria via baby form till he found the baby conked out.
Tam spoke while still holding Terran "So what do you know of the word love anyway?"
Terror spoke "Just lovely dopey word for Humans or Earthari to use when declaring mates with someone."
Tam’s eyes turn all black making Terror display a fear look followed by Tam using a creepy cruel voice tone "Anything else involving parents to offsprings?"
Terror appeared to gain his composure spoke "I didn't receive this parent to offspring lovely dopey thing you're asking me about. I haven't gotten the faintest idea what's it's about."
Tam gave Terror a glare with eyes narrowed followed by speaking "What's going on with your childhood anyway?"
Terror spoke in response "I didn't have a childhood. I was born fully grown adult male-"
Tam heard in his mind interrupting Terror who cut himself off "That's enough of that talk. The Queen is throwing a hissy fit from what I'm hearing from her."
Tam made his glare become more glaring "I was born fully grown adult male underneath mysterious circumstances I'm not told what it was. My earliest memory was meeting someone named Ariel and what happened after that, I'm fuzzy on the details. Can't help matters on that" Said Terror.
Tam with a frown who spoke after willing aside the all black eyed look "What did this, Ariel teach you regarding parental offspring connection hmm?"
Terror he heard spoke firmly "Can't remember much of that. I do admit I can see various images in my mind like an All Seeing One enough to think those images are my memories. It's all over the place. I've given up trusting my mind when it comes to memorizing things. Even sometimes I've dreamed myself as this person or that person's point of view when I'm fallen asleep enough to lose myself to those memories in my mind."
Tam spoke "Interesting-"
He was interrupted "Just spare me that word. I had a bad dream involving someone using that word to hypnotic people into doing things bad enough to think it as my own memory when I know it’s, someone else's point of view." He heard from Terror.
Tam added in response "Oh. Have you heard of the name of Victoria Montreal?"
Tam found Terror opened his mouth to speak only to hear in his mind "Not one word of that talk to, Horus now."
Tam figured the wording was from a Souler who knew the whole story and didn’t want Terror to talk. He gave Terror a glare that clamped his mouth and shook his head into a no gesture. Tam yawned making Terror yawn abruptly as he heard a third yawn indicating a hidden Souler. Tam ignored the hidden Souler and made himself appeared to lay his form down onto the couch still holding onto Terran and shut his eyes. Groaning he heard from Terror who went into Yana's bedroom. He heard the bed springs creak as Terror threw himself onto the bed only to hear a faint gasp as the male was forced up to stand.
Tam found his ears working fine as he heard via mind the hidden Souler who without a verbal word spoke mentally to Terror "Lying down isn't appropriate for you to sleep. You'll lose yourself to those dreams of yours like you keep doing every time you lay down. Simply sleep sitting up and you'll be fine."
Terror spoke firmly as heard "Who's Victoria Montreal and why is the name familiar to me?"
Tam went to the bedroom doors open while having a hand onto Terran who spoke with his eyes all black in his creepy voice tone "I could hear you threatening Terror by how panicky he breathed. Quit that sword poking joke and leave now."
Tam heard the Souler running away wound up stepping aside into the room leaving a foot aside to hear a crash into the living room along with a roaring sound. Tam heard Terran wailing loudly as he without a word thrust Terror the baby which the male clutched. This was followed by Tam walking out into the living room slamming the doors with a bang sound. Tam glared at the appearing Souler that was tripped that got up with a sword out appearing to threatening him. 
He spoke firmly with the Master in control “Forgiveness? Confess your crime.”
Tam found the Souler in response giving off a shriek of terror followed by darting out of the apartment in a fast speed move. Tam followed outside finding the Souler was knocked onto the floor via a stick weapon he saw belonged to the caned Souler standing nearby. Tam followed repeating Terror’s line finding the caned Souler was joined by Leader Lave who displayed all black eyes and gave him a glare. Tam cut himself off from talking as Leader Lave jabbed a finger at the apartment’s door and gave him a narrowed black eyed glare. 
Tam ignored Leader Lave’s finger pointing instead spoke “I deserved to know what his problem is.” 
He glared at the Souler who removed his mask via finger tapping and got from the male blaring “Yana Renova is Victoria Montreal.”
Tam stiffened hearing the words from the Souler as Leader Lave knocked the male unconscious via stick weapon hitting him onto the head. 
He gave Leader Lave a glare and spoke Terror’s familiar line only to get from the caned Souler speaking in Barry’s voice tone “The High Council cloned Victoria Montreal to do assassin work multiple times. One clone escaped them via a treed travel gate and achieved the identity of Yana Renova herself. Hence this joke said around the High Council, including this clone thinking herself as Victoria Montreal, a female pair of Tom Mindbender himself. Tom’s memories of Victoria have been wiped but the Meritanians via their laughter heard will make him remember enough to pursue Yana as his Victoria. It’s a joke by the Meritanians but an order by the High Council who’s hoping to get Tom Mindbender’s obsession with Victoria Montreal removed.”
Tam spoke firmly “You sure that Tom Mindbender isn’t a clone himself?”
He heard from Barry the assumed caned Souler giving off “It explains everything I know of the High Council and their perfect servant. No wonder he appears to be deathless. He’s not actually but cloned. I should have thought of that. Drat!”
Tam frowned while eyeing Barry who without a word faded from view. He heard the sound of a cane thumping into the floor as if Barry was walking away furiously.
Tam noticed Leader Lave’s glaring stare with eyes all black spoke “I’m a clone. What else would the High Council do to their Tom Mindbender except clone him like they cloned me? I suspected that when Barry admitted the High Council cloned Victoria Montreal. I suspect that the High Council has the original Tom Mindbender down in some sleeping status while they wait to clone various clones of him after each clone outlives their life spans of use.”
Tam clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and waited as Leader Lave without a word walked away like the male was angry about something. Tam groaned and without a word forced himself to go back inside the apartment which he went to the bedroom. He found Terror sleeping with the baby lying onto his lap from the male in a sitting cross legged position. Tam got from Terror in response his familiar line to his disgust. 
Terror added speaking "Just spare me whatever secret you know."
Tam didn’t say a word as Terran gave up a wailing noise and refused to quiet down. Terror, he heard didn’t give a protest as he snatched Terran from the male who quit wailing to coo while held by him. 
Tam felt himself annoyed as he snarled via compulsion of the Meritanians putting the words into his mouth "Why is Yana Renova admitting to being Victoria Montreal, my daughter via recording her saying that in front of you?"
Terror spoke firmly "I spoke my line involving forgiveness and that's what I got from her. Don't ask me what I'm supposed to be doing to this situation-"
Tam recalled Jinks’ choking ability via Master in control willed forwards his all black eyed look and held a hand in Terror’s direction mentally speaking “Choke.”
He heard Terror choking as Terran was silently held in an arm's grip. 
Tam spoke "Something you want to admit Terror as you call yourself?"
 "What? I'm babysitting Terran here-" Tam got from Terror as he interrupted the male to again choke him.
Tam wound up speaking as if compelled “Forgiveness? Confess your crime.”
He got from Terror after freeing him from choking "I'm Terror, a creation of the Soulers."
Tam found the scene changed to find himself into the High Council's throne room with there still holding Terran cutting Terror’s wording off. 
Tam heard from the Speakers in unison “Forgiveness? Confess your crime.” Including hearing from Terror "I am the male to the Queen, the Tennans, for only I can mate with her and no other male period."
Tam kept a hold onto Terran while feeling Tom or clone of him restraining him from behind bony hands onto his arms. He eyed Terror to find the Falcons were restraining the male. 
Tam glared at the High Council as Shad spoke "Interesting that the Soulers are desperate to keep this fact to themselves instead of sharing this with us. Hence the hissy fit their throwing on their warship according to the Meritanians, Tank and Merra telling us this."
Tam heard from Terror speaking firmly "You, High Council is seeing Mindbender, as your own offspring who is acting like a spoiled brat not getting it that his female deserves to have her own life."
Tam exhaled a breath while eyeing Terror who clamped his mouth into a thin line and waited as both speakers spoke "Transport this Terror out with Horus now!"
Tam found himself back into Yana's quarters with Terror next to him as he was still holding onto Terran. Tam willed aside the Master and stepped back giving Terror a glare with his Human blue eyes with accusation in them avoiding the male’s attempts to take the baby.
Tam kept the glare in response as Terror spoke "I saw in my mind that there was a Mindbender, an Earthari male before Tom who the High Council saw as an offspring like terms enough to say it to that male's presence. The Mindbender back then was accepting to those words. Enough to do anything what the High Council ordered even assassinate his own Father. I saw this in my mind when in presence of the High Council. I suspect that their seeing Tom with this view in question. Hence they letting him get away with his hissy fit regarding Victoria."
Tam walked forwards and thrust Terror the baby which the male took. 
Tam wound up speaking despite was heard creepy voice speaking despite Human blue eyes "Anything you want to admit being born fully grown adult?"
Tam heard growling noises of Tennans above him to recognize the noise was Tennans' speak "Shut up and don't talk more of this."
Terror spoke as if listening to the Tennans’ growling "I have an agreement with the Tennans, not to mention further details of my existence or the reason why I'm their ambassador in question."
Tam glared at Terror who clamped his mouth shut and walked away ignoring him to sit down onto the rugged floor followed by putting Terran down onto the male’s lap who remained sleeping. 
Terror added "Something I can do for you, Jinks?"
Tam glared ignoring the name of Jinks used and didn’t correct Terror instead kept the glare. 
He while hearing silence from the Tennans above him spoke Terror’s familiar forgiveness line and found Terror speaking in response "It was I, not Barry who mated with a Tennan Airhead style that formed the Commandant, telepath, in the process as in body exploding to show him in place of it. The Commandant used Victoria Montreal as his own servant dubbed Yana Renova and shared that attitude towards me and whoever had special abilities to keep him alive. That's all I remember. Don't ask me further."
Tam ignored Terror’s wording of not asking him further questions instead kept on speaking Terror’s familiar line find the male speaking "The Soulers created me out of experiments with the Tennans as in capturing one and doing experiments onto one to create a Humanoid. I wound up created in the process via tube and from a Tennan's body. The Tennans threw a hissy fit as a result that their all connected via mind and weren't pleased. The Tennans' Queen was created by the Soulers manipulating a warship dubbed Tolyatti or pieces of it, to form her in response to the Tennans' hissy fit. The Queen, the original, wound up favoring me as an offspring and kept me around her too much despite I identified as various other forms of humanoid life, a view that got passed down onto other Queens. The Tennans as a result have thrown wars for getting me into their possession, a favors attitude towards me, including taking out other planetary worlds in their attempts to possessive me."
Tam eyed Terror as he hearing Tennan growling noises sounding loudly which the male added "Their not happy with what I said to you by the noises their making."
Tam with annoyance looked up at the ceiling before walking away and not commenting a word to walk to the living room part of the apartment slamming the sliding doors. He found the Tennanas dropping onto him from above after he threw himself onto the couch. Tam found the Tennans in response thudding onto the floor including tipping the couch sideways as they landed onto him followed by poking him with their claws into an angry move. Tam gave up Humph sounds and ignored the Tennans felt poking him all over as he lay onto the couch. He felt relief when the poking was interrupted by Terran giving off his hungry wailing noises he sighed while groaning from lying on top of the couch while shaking his head. Tam wound up hit with pain till he felt the couch move which made him get up into an acrobatic move. 
Terror spoke "Relax, it's just me."
Tam gave Terror a glare and spoke after giving the male an all black eyed glare Terror’s familiar forgiveness line. Terror he glared at wound up blurting what he saw involving Tom verbatim including hearing the voice tone of Tom's speaking his loyalty words to the High Council.
This was followed by Terror speaking "Anything else you want to know, Jinks since I'm nothing but a damned library for secrets to be blabbed?"
Tam with a glare willed aside the Master and spoke "Get off the couch now, Terror. I have to right it before Yana as she calls herself daughter mine comes back into here."
Tam found Terror obeyed to get off the couch which he with great strength set the couch to order followed by sitting on it crossing his legs and giving the male a glare. 
He found the door to the quarters open followed by a female twin to Victoria Montreal via looks of her coming into sight into the apartment.
Tam exhaled a breath of shock recognition within him as he saw her who spoke "What did you do to my couch?"
Terror was heard spoke "He slept in it what else?"
Tam eyed Yana he assumed was her name who gave Terror a glare in response followed by her snatching Terran out of his arms bottle and all and she speaking in a familiar voice tone "Terror, go play with the Tennans since you're their ambassador and leave me alone with Leader Jinks now."
Tam found Terror obeying didn't comment a response walked out of the quarters towards the hallway only to hear a sound of a fist connect with the male’s face. Tam smirked seeing Terror fisted who fell backwards to land into the apartment. 
He smirked a bit as Terror shook the pain to hear "Get out and take your battle out of my quarters now!"
He saw a male with short black hair wearing smooth uniform of an Earthari giving Terror a golden eyed glare with black facial hair that grabbed the male by the throat and with great strength hauled him out of the apartment. Tam found Yana ordering the door shut behind the both of Terror and the male grabbing him. 
He eyed Yana with a frown that gave him a glare in response and got from her snarling angrily “Just get me back to Tom Mindbender as my mate and husband when you can.”
Tam groaned softly and rubbed a hand over his eyes he rolling them then focused onto Yana who thrust a finger at the door and snarled still angry “Get out, daddy!”
Tam heard her voice tone was anger and without a word towards the daddy comment left the apartment to go to the garden’s entrance. He stood waiting a seemingly lengthy time period as if compelled by the Meritanians to his disgust. He frowned as he sensed himself filmed via senses blaring to notice a camera drone floating within vicinity via the ceiling he noticed. Tam forced himself to ignore the camera drone floating silently filming him as he found Terror coming into sight to walk up to him from the garden. He was ignored by Terror who appeared to not to pay attention to walk inside. Tam willed forwards the Master and waved a hand towards the garden’s door hearing the door slam closed with a bang sound he noticed Terror looking his direction. 
"Yana Renova is Victoria Montreal." Terror spoke as Tam made he didn't look surprised to what the male said as the man added "Just get her back with Tom for him to have a purpose to live."
Terror continued as Tam kept the glare "I heard his voice when he spoke the words of loyalty towards the High Council who view him as an offspring. He spoke like he didn't have anything worth living except serving them which is what I saw via my mind like an All Seeing One. It's my ability I have at the moment in my mind."
Tam wound up given a glare by Terror who spoke the familiar forgiveness line only to get himself snarling from memories of Jinks in his mind "Tom's obsessed with Victoria enough to see her as an object a piece of property instead of a living being who has a life other than just amusing him. He's obsessed to the point that he wants her with him all the time and refused to accept that she's got a life doing her own thing."
Tam got from Terror speaking his familiar line as the Airens made an appearance appearing to be trying to sooth him he hearing comments "Why mad? Mad? What's mad? Bad mad?"
Terror spoke as Tam kept on glaring at the male "The High Council called Tom by the words, my son, repeatedly via their speakers when he spoke his words of loyalty via his voice sounding dead and monotone. It's like their seeing him as their offspring something they saw with a preceding servant of theirs who's also named Mindbender but he was more Human and an assassin."
Tam spoke "Get out of here, Terror. I'm furious with what's going on and leave before I use you as a punching bag."
Tam saw Terror obey with a groan heard from the male while hearing the Airens' comment "Creepy creep scary-"
The dream was interrupted by a voice sounding Meritanian speaking in response putting the dreamer into wakefulness speaking “Shouldn’t you be up from bed?”
The dreamer felt annoyance take hold hearing that comment remained into his tube asleep as compelled. The dreamer recalled the Airens in response bit Tam onto the body and seemed to suck him to death as a result of something they were displeased with. The dreamer wound up seeing via his mind of the soul of Tam the clone meeting the Guardian of Life and Death actually despite unable to see what the Guardian looked like. The Guardian spoke as the traveler’s gate ended images “I am the Guardian of Life and Death. I will judge you on my scales of your life.”
The soul standing in front of the Guardian wound up having their soul taken out and put onto the scales of the Guardian of Life and Death. The scales tipped back and forth till it ended onto one side heavy sided indicated. There was a feminine shriek of joy heard by the soul and the Guardian.
The soul wound up back into the body appearing to be a male this time as the Guardian spoke “Life is chosen for you. Be gone out of Egyptia to where you’re to go.”
The Guardian wound up putting clawed hands in front of his mouth into a blow movement and the soul found themselves flying out of Egyptia as the place of the dead judgment was called. The soul traveled till they reached a body of a young male aged in twenties and entered him. Tam as assumed via clone of Jinks Montreal the original dreaming stood in the High Council's throne room seeing Shad and Onya stab Tom via the back. 
He heard "Tom!"
Tam stiffened when he saw hands from underneath Tom wraps themselves around the male’s neck and stiffened from the voice sounding of Victoria in panic. Tam eyed the High Council finding only dolls remained in their seats as Shad and Onya kept stabbing Tom. He willed forwards the Master and waved a hand towards Shad and Onya finding them both halted their stabbing to go pass the throne chairs and up the stairs via the open doorway followed by the door shutting closed. He darted up the stairs and went to Tom who remained still and yanked the male off of Victoria who ignored him to place her form on top of Tom's while kissing him on the lips she heard crying the male's name. Tam sighed and picked up Tom with great strength and found Victoria not protesting to it disappearing in a light show. He found himself smelling salt air to find he surrounded by Soulers with swords drawn while on their warship. 
Tam placed Tom down and spoke firmly "Just help him he saved my daughter's life."
He found himself transported out in response to find he back in Victoria's quarters on the station Annoyov Barrack finding Victoria lying on the bed asleep. He wound up going to next to her seated that gave a glare as Terror entered the room.
Tam spoke Terror’s speaking his familiar line which Terror wound up speaking "Terran gave up his life for Tom to live again. He lives, as an offspring and favored servant of the High Council."
Tam spoke "Just take a nap or something. You look like you could use the sleep."
Terror, he saw obeyed as he felt disgust take hold rubbed a hand over his scarred cheek he felt was shaped into a Kang mark another term by the Earthari. He kept on rubbing the area feeling his disgust take hold to shift towards Victoria who had a sad look on her face with eyes shut and breathing deep. Tam eyed Victoria's face to notice she had a Kang scar mark on the area on her cheek as she lay asleep ignoring him staring. Tam felt his mood plummet felt a compulsion to get up obeyed to find himself in presence of the Soulers he found two of them in the High Council's throne room with faces bared. 
Tam didn't comment a response to hear loudly "Talk, Jinks Montreal on what you're not admitting."
He exhaled a breath hearing Terror's familiar line involving forgiveness spoken by the voice of the Souler to find he inhaling and speaking as if compelled "I'm nothing but a troublemaker as seen by the High Council who keep associating me with an annoyance God. They refused to accept that I'm nothing but a tool by this God and not the actual God despite able to shift my form into his image. I'm sick of this attitude towards me enough to do anything to stop it. The High Council accepted my daughter Victoria as a treasured servant but refused to do that attitude towards me. I find that they accepted Victoria easily but have refused to accept me. It's acceptance I want from someone even anybody even though my acceptance from a female has ended too much time ago."
Tam formed a glare while eyeing the High Council with accusation in his eyes. 
He heard within his mind "Just speak the words of Terror and the High Council will admit what they should admit."
He obeyed to hear from both speakers speaking in unison "Anyan, stop rejecting your son, Shad and accept him."
Tam exhaled a breath hearing that from both speakers as he noticed the High Council behind them were dolls and not the actual members as both Soulers he saw walked out of the room without a word towards him. Tam didn't comment a response to the Soulers' leaving instead waved a hand to make the speakers walk away. He found his order obeyed followed by transported out to Victoria's presence seeing her remained asleep in bed and saw that she had tears streaming from her closed eyes. Tam went to sit down on the bed before getting up to go to Terror. Tam’s hand onto Terror’s shoulder was felt by the male shaking him awake. 
Tam spoke "Anyan and Shad what's their story?"
Tam recalled the story as if compelled heard Terror spoke it firmly including adding "Anyan and Shad were led to believe that they were brothers. Not father and son. The High Council's attitude towards Shad was in placement of the male needing someone to parent him he wasn't getting from his father or his raisers. Hence he doing whatever he could assassin wise to get that connection. It's appearing to give him a purpose to live actually."
Tam didn't comment a response to Terror’s story instead went back to Victoria to sit onto the bed with eyes sensed staring at the floor-
“Argh! Hate it when you do that!” The dreamer who assumed himself as Jinks Montreal, original, contained in the tube when he’s not as said by the Meritanian, Merra.
Merra continued the tale to a clone called Recorder, typing this story down via laptop computer while nearby the tube containing Tam-Mykola MacLeod the original of Jinks Montreals. The Recorder of Memories was originally a cloned copy of Victoria Montreal born of Natasha Novgorod that was later brain washed into believing into the High Council’s views. That despite loving a servant of the High Council with a lovely dove feeling called Tom Mindbender. Tam via dreaming this as he remained contained into his familiar tube, awaiting freedom, heard moaning sounds of pleasure sounding within the room to frown focusing onto a room. He sighed seeing Victoria and Tom both appearing to be naked into a mating ritual involving Tom's sucking onto Victoria's nipples while on the bed ignoring him standing nearby watching them with arms folded. He heard the moans getting louder groaned softly and opened his eyes to focus onto the couple who ignored him staring. He shifted towards Victoria and Tom with his own eyes finding them both still in their mating ritual ignoring the audience staring at them. Tam sighed as Tom managed to quit his sucking onto Victoria's nipples followed by appearing to enter her with his sensitive part her legs wrapping around Tom's middle into some tight hold. He kept on watching as Tom and Victoria continued on their lovemaking he figured he'll refer it as they both ignored being spied on. Tam sighed softly and kept his mouth shut once Tom gave off a roar and Victoria giving off a shriek of pleasure. He sighed again as Tom collapsed on top of Victoria and remained still as Victoria's hands he saw was onto the back of Tom's neck, he spying this tattle tale mark of cloning onto the male’s back. Tam frowned but didn't comment a response as Tom adjusted his position to kiss Victoria on the lips she accepting him doing it and both appeared to be lengthy with their kissy faced status. 
Tam sighed and shut his eyes figuring to himself "Just let them be."
Tam again heard moaning noises to focus onto via his eyes onto the lovers finding them both seemed lengthy with their mating rituals onto each other with exchanges of positions of who took the top. He found them both appearing to be accepting of the position exchanges including doing repeated intercourse lovemaking onto each other. Tam sighed and opened his eyes to eye them who ignored him staring and kept on watching Tom and Victoria mating. He shifted to eye Tom and Victoria going into another intercourse mating ritual. This time, he saw Victoria on top of Tom with Tom's hands onto her breasts fondling the nipples and her going up and down the male's sensitive part length while appearing to be enjoying it. Tam frowned as Tom gave up another roar he figured involved spilling himself inside Victoria as she gave up another shriek. He sighed as Tom removed his hands off Victoria's breasts and heard no protest from the male as Victoria removed herself off of him to get up from the bed going into the bathroom. Tam found Tom without a word disappearing into a light show as he sensed Terror eyeing him while clearing the male heard clearing his throat. Tam wound up displaying his familiar creepy eyed look in response while glaring at Terror with accusation.
Terror spoke in response "Tennans made it clear I'm not to pair myself to any females except whoever they chose for me for this pairing. It's a deal I made as being their Ambassador and a part of their species despite having an Earthari form."
Tam spoke using his creepy voice tone "You sound like something not being admitted."
Tam wound up speaking Terror’s familiar line found the male speaking "Anatomy impossible for me to create humanoids, like babies, with females like Earthari. I can create entities if I mate with females like Earthari but that's about it, as for mating Airhead style with Tennans if you get my meaning, can result into full grown manoids forming from the body of a Tennan into either Gate Destroyers or Telepaths. Both are another form of Earthari species from Terra that survived to live here in this station."
Tam found Terror clamped his mouth shut into a thin line to feel a sword point poking his back he ignored while staring at Terror as he spoke "You said enough judging by that Souler poking you with that sword trick again. Your breathing sucks."
Terror was heard exhaled a breath finding the Souler quit poking him via sword point. Tam wound up walking out of the bedroom slamming the door. Tam felt fists connecting with his front over and over while in the living room. He grunted in response unseeing the fists till he felt himself falling backwards into arms. He heard Terror in his ear spoke his familiar line again only to hear a shriek as the door to the quarters banged shut. 
Tam felt Terror push off of him he spoke firmly ignoring Victoria eavesdropping "I keep trying to convince the Soulers to avoid sticking their swords onto people when they don't want people to talk. Just use words for that but their not getting the message. Instead are using me as target practice for sword swinging."
Terror frowned but went to the couch finding it fallen onto its back again. Terror ignored Tam and Victoria watching the male as he pulled the couch back into its familiar position and without a word went to sit down onto it crossing his legs. 
Terror spoke as a faint growl was heard from the male "I admit it I'm clueless when it comes to needing food, expelling or cleaning for my body. I have mistaken my stomach's grumbling as food when it's involved with something else too many times to count. Hence those Tennans' entities inhibiting me to tell me what I need to do with my body on the word of a Tennan. Excuse me I feel like eating but it could be something else."
Victoria clad in her Earthari’s uniform went to the kitchen unit. Tam wound up joined Terror onto the couch crossing his legs. Tam found Victoria handing him and Terror plates of food with utensils which he felt himself hungry ate the food. He found Victoria seated onto a stool and hungrily eating her food in a fast motion. 
Tam waited as Victoria ate all her food and same for Terror to hear the male to speak "What's the official story involving Tam?"
Tam gave up a throat clearing noise to frown while eyeing Victoria who banged the dishwashing machine's cover with a loud thrusting noise. 
He saw her eyes were all black in response followed by Terror heard speaking "Alright bad subject to speak. Pardon me."
Terror got up and placed his dish and utensil onto the counter and made a movement to walk out which Tam saw Victoria wave a hand towards the male who halted his walking. Victoria heard speaking Terror’s familiar line found the male speaking what he admitted to Tam involving mating with females. Tam kept his mouth clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and peered at Victoria. He found Victoria walking around to face Terror followed by waving a hand and he figured the male felt his deadness gone. Tam hear hissing sounds of entities to find two flying by between Terror and Victoria doing some ramming bang move onto each other and onto the male’s back. 
He ignored them to hear Terror speaking "Want me gone from your quarters, Victoria?"
Victoria, he got in response shook her head and willed aside her creepy eyed look showing Human blues. 
He frowned as Victoria spoke "Just tell them if anyone asks that Terran sacrificed his life for my love of my life to live again. Tank sort of told me that the High Council is thinking of having Tom assimilated into the station population with relationship between the both of us known publicity. I can't say what else the High Council is up to and I don't care to know as long as I'm with Tom period."
Tam frowned as Victoria without a word walked away out of the quarters and out of sight with the door slamming shut behind her.
Tam spoke firmly "Typical daughter mine never fully explaining anything despite indicating it via her voice."
Terror spoke "Let's get out of here and see what the station needs us to do, you as Leader, I as whatever."
Terror walked forwards only to halt when Tam waved a hand as if the male found deadness hitting his feet. Tam wound up walking in sight giving Terror a glare with eyes narrowed displaying the all black eyed glare. 
Terror appeared to frown visibly as Tam spoke "You mated with daughter mine and hurt her?"
Tam heard his voice sounded angry as he proceeded to interrogate Terror on the male’s mating with Victoria and creating the entities in the process to his annoyance.

The Traveler’s Gate stopped flaring images followed by the Guardian of Life and Death, Nikolai himself judged the soul in front of him via his scales he now realizing the soul was named “Tam-Mykola MacLeod” and not that fake name of “Tamar Mykal Mackle.” 
The soul being judged had the decision of life chosen by the scales tipping to the life’s side despite Nikolai disgusted with that the soul was always alive causing problems for the High Council. 
The soul got told “Life is chosen for you so are gone from Humania now!”
Nikolai put hands in front of his mouth and made a blow gesture. The soul wound up blown backwards to float in the sky of space where Edenia orbits planetary sister world of Aire or used to via remains of the moon world sitting onto the planet Aire. The soul traveled to Aire and went into an island on the ocean angry with waves crashing. The soul went into the island via cave entrance and went into the cave to reach a large room holding multiple tubes of figures inside. The soul entered a tube into a figure a male. There was a riddle of a question answered by another contained in a tube a cloned gonoid thinking human named Nikolai as he’s referred, when’s he’s really a vampire deity named Nightwalker. This was followed by the male Tam-Mykola MacLeod freed from eternal containment of the High Council to live in freedom as the original High Council’s group left Aire and went to planets, spreading their ways of the group’s thinking onto people.

A clone fully awaken from sleeping his dream eyed Nikolai seated onto the stone table with a glare on his face. He halted the storytelling finding the metallic Dragon was nearby still breathing fire. 
He gave Nikolai a glare and spoke “Anything else you want me to admit?” 
Nikolai in response got up from the stone table to stand next to him kneeling onto the ground. 
He got up from kneeling and got from the Dragon speaking “Just blow him back where’s he’s from now.”
The clone frowned hearing that as Nikolai without a word placed hands in front of his mouth and made a blowing gesture. The clone found himself out of the body he saw was twin to a vampire god deity named Nikolas, clad in furry white clothes that slumped over unconscious. The clone’s soul found he floating away from Edenia, he saw was machinery like moon world despite hardly any Humans around. He frowned as the blowing included blowing him out of the machine world into space, as it was called followed by passing a planet then went to another planet that looked red and white by the looks of it. The clone eyed the planet deeply to find via recognition it was Mars with machinery and plant life and watery life into it. He found himself entering the planet followed by entering a cave where a male appearing to look like himself as Jinks Montreal lay on the bed with a blanket covering him up to his chest, he appearing to look asleep. The clone wound up entering the body of Jinks Montreal and found Zerra’s familiar snickering like laughter sounding into his mind.
“Wakey wake it’s rude to sleep when there’s guests present.” He heard from Zerra sounding in a happy toned voice.
The clone without a word woke up with a lurch to feel his back feeling the familiar mark of a clone onto the area to groan and without a word felt his left hand indicating of writing to him. He got up and found his materials scattered around the cavern as Brandis the Record Keeper. He went to an empty notebook and wrote what Zerra was indicating him to write.
“Who are you?” his left hand wrote.
He thought to himself “I’m known as many names and one name of them all, is Brandis the Record Keeper as my purpose here.” He wrote that down via right hand.
Zerra’s writing hand he wrote “Brandis the Record Keeper, you will be, forever living here as known unless you acknowledge what I want you to be aware of.”
He wrote “I’m a clone.”
Zerra’s snickering laughter sounded into his mind including hearing “High Council, Tam-Mykola MacLeod finally acknowledged what he is, a clone created by you. So give me further orders now.”
He found his left hand balked writing anymore as if Zerra halted the manipulation to his disgust. He without a word went to his bed and threw the blanket onto him and shut his eyes figuring that he’ll sleep before the High Council on Mars manipulated Zerra to prod him to remember someone else. 
Brandis heard “Lance Richard, remember him!” by Zerra.
His left hand to his disgust made its familiar writing gesture onto his body, groaning he got up and began to write down the memory of Lance Richard as remembered on orders of the High Council. The group via Zerra manipulating him, Brandis the Record Keeper for memories of various humanoids in the High Council’s quest to get questions answered. Groaning he obeyed to write down what was dictated via left hand as he added his commentary via right hand. 

End 

