

Wedding Bell Blues


By P X DUKE


Copyright 2019 P X Duke
All Rights Reserved


ISBN 978-1-928161-41-7


Disclaimer
What follows is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. Places mentioned by name are entirely fictitious and purely products of the author's imagination, and are not meant to bear resemblance to actual places or locations.


10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1




Wedding Bell Blues


Contents

1  |  2  |  3  4  |  5  |  6  |  7  |  8  |  9

10  |  11  |  12  |  13  |  14  |  15  |  16

17  |  18  |  19  |  20  |  21  |  22  |  23

24  |  25  |  26  |  27  |  28  |  29  |  30

31  |  32  |  33  |  34  |  35  |  36  |  37

38  |  39  |  40  |  41  |  42

More

About



Read Order for Jim Nash Adventures
Pirate Cay
Thrill Kill Jill
Greetings from Key West
Lost Paradise
No Angels
Mexico Gamble
No Picnic
Fallen Angels
Vendetta
A Girl’s Best Friend
Dead End
No Harbor
Dog Days
Startup Blues
Last Stop To Nowhere / End of Nowhere
Revenge Is Justice
Escape
Wedding Bell Blues
Breakdown
Little Girl Lost
Forget Me Not
All the Glitter
Mexico Time

SEASONAL
Trick or Treat
Helping Santa

OTHER
The Snap Brim Fedora Caper




ONE


I WAS SITTING on a bench on the street below my office, relaxing with Maddie Spence, my partner in crime, and her good dog, Friday. A cool breeze floated down the street, a welcome relief from the long hot spell. It was what brought us out with so many others to enjoy the cool evening temperature. Couples paraded past holding hands. Some walked dogs.
The breeze fluttered umbrellas along the sidewalk cafés. A strand of Maddie's hair escaped from behind an ear, and I reached to tuck it back before replacing my hand to cover hers on the bench between us.
The sun was beginning to descend beneath the buildings on the opposite side of the street. They took on an odd hue, with half the street in dark shade and the other half still in bright daylight.
Friday plopped himself down at our feet. His tail slowly swished the sidewalk, back and forth and back again, in slow, lazy sweeps. His head swiveled, following people dog-walking their pets past his domain in front of the building.
—Do you think he intends to come between us?
Maddie looked down at the dog separating us and then up at me.
—No, I think Friday has more of a Let's see what this guy is up to, kind of wariness.
—Well, he ought to know by now. He's been waking up at the foot of our bed while I'm still in it.
I absently reached to scratch Friday's ear. I was wanting to ask before this, but I didn't think it any of my business. Now that Maddie was in my life and a part of the business, I decided to go full steam ahead.
—When was the last time you had Friday in for a checkup with a veterinarian?
Maddie regarded me with her own wariness.
—Are you thinking that volunteering for vet payments will give you a percentage ownership in my intended?
—If your intended is a dog, I'm beginning to have concerns of my own. I'll call tomorrow.
—In that case, come upstairs and I'll make an attempt at alleviating some of those concerns.
—One at a time, is it?
—We'll see.
I didn't mind following Maddie anywhere, this or any night. She looked too good in the cutoffs for me to want to lead. As though in agreement, Friday woofed and followed behind the pair hurrying up the stairs.
Maddie's giggle turned uncontrollable by the time we reached the top step to the apartment above the office. Friday hesitated outside the door, as though already having enough of our silliness.
I called the dog, but it was Maddie's hand signal that convinced the animal to enter behind us.
—Good boy, Friday. You can guard the door.
Disgusted with his mistress and her happy-go-lucky attitude to the other male in her life, Friday headed off to his plush bed in the living room. Maddie and I made for our own plush king-size bed.
Friday woofed his disapproval as the giggling quieted and more earnest sounds assaulted his delicate doggie ears.


It was late morning when we chased each other into the kitchen. By then the entire building had cooled, thanks to the change in the weather.
—Are you going to call the vet or am I?
I was glad she brought it up. Friday was her dog, after all.
—I know one we can walk to. I did some work for her a couple of years ago.
—Her?
Maddie's hands went to her hips as she regarded me.
—She's happily married, don't worry.
—I wasn't worried about her.
—You needn't be concerned about me, either. I'm very happy to be involved with my partner. And her dog. In case you haven't noticed.
—Well, I have to admit, I've been wondering if it was more about Friday than me.
I turned off the stove. Breakfast would go cold. I picked up a grinning Maddie and hauled the woman off, feet kicking, to the bedroom.
—Let's see if I can wipe that smile off your face.
—If this is how you're planning on doing it, I'd bet money you're going to be a failure.
—We'll just have to see about that, won't we?


An uneasy Friday looked from Maddie to Jim and back again. He appeared anxious about the upcoming walk without his mistress, especially on hearing the unfamiliar word over and over.
—It's all good, Friday. Jim loves you, too. Not as much as I do, but he's learning.
Jim flipped a look Maddie's way and attached Friday's leash. She walked with them downstairs to street level, like an anxious parent on a child's first day.
—All right. We're on our way to the vet. Text us if you need us.
Friday's ears perked up. There it was again, that word he didn't know.
Maddie waved and Friday's tail wagged. The pair started out with Friday testing Jim. He walked ahead, tugging at the confines of the leash. Jim called Heel and the dog obeyed instantly. Maddie was secretly pleased that Jim was making her dog obey. She was even more pleased that Friday paid attention. It meant he was accepting Jim into his life.
She returned to the second-floor office and killed time checking texts and voice mail and email. It kept her from worrying about Friday's encounter with the veterinarian. It had never occurred to her to take the healthy dog to one.
She printed out an email for Jim about a wedding invitation. She saved a voice mail from a Warren someone who wanted Jim to call him.
The email intrigued her. It expressed concern about why there hadn't been an RSVP to confirm he'd be coming to the wedding. She checked the date and circled the day on Jim's desk calendar. She considered buying a new dress or two on the off chance she'd be invited as Jim's plus one.
She thought some more and knew there would be no off chance. If Jim was going to a wedding, she'd darn well be going with him, invitation or not. Already she was going through a list of what she'd have to buy. She'd be darned if she'd show up with a backpack full of wrinkled clothes.
Maddie tapped the space bar on the office laptop to bring it to life. She began a search for a new suitcase. It wouldn't arrive in time, but she would buy local once she knew what she needed. She was considering color and size options when the phone rang.





TWO


THE WALK TO Dr. Hannah's clinic was twenty minutes, maybe thirty. I didn't mind. Neither did Friday. It was good exercise for both of us, and something I needed. I allowed him to get out of sight of his mistress and then gave him the lead to prance along at his own pace. He sniffed and snuffled and checked out the unfamiliar smells on the way to Hannah's.
In the past I had done some work with Dr. Hannah. It was a few years earlier. Someone was stealing pets from wealthy owners. The thieves ended up blackmailing the owners into paying a ransom to get them back.
Friday wasn't so keen on entering the strange building with the antiseptic smells all around him. He hesitated and halted at every door, testing the air with a wet nose before slowly walking in. He relented at the sound of Hannah's soothing voice.
She smiled a greeting at me and addressed the dog with a practiced enthusiasm.
—This must be Friday. I'm Hannah. Hello Friday. Aren't you a handsome one.
That got his attention. She stroked the dog's neck and scratched his ear. Friday looked from me to her and all of a sudden I was put on doggie ignore. Hanna patted the table and Friday pranced up the steps and sat down.
As far as I was concerned, Friday was enjoying the attention far too much. He preened and showed great patience as Dr. Hannah felt and probed and examined and pressed. She made sure to talk to him the entire time. When it was all done, it was a tossup as to who was more exhausted by all the attention, Friday or me. He behaved well, and Hannah appeared impressed.
The last thing she did was run a scanner between Friday's shoulder blades before entering the data into her laptop.
—Well now. That's strange.
She looked from Friday to me and back to her laptop.
—What's wrong? Is he okay? He's not sick, is he?
—Oh no. He's in excellent health. Maybe a bit overweight but nothing serious. You should make sure he gets exercise.
It wouldn't hurt either of us, but I didn't say anything.
—Do you remember the RFID chips in those stolen dogs we worked on? We used them to locate their owners.
I did. Almost all of the stolen pets had microchips implanted. The device, about the size of a grain of rice, was injected between the shoulder blades, much like a vaccination. The RFID remained in place for the life of the pet. Each chip had a unique identification code, which was registered to a database listing the owners. It was how we made sure to return the animals to the rightful owners.
—Friday has one. His code comes back linked to someone named Lily Sands. Do you know anything about that?
—I know a Lily Sands. She's the daughter of a friend of mine out on the panhandle.
—Yes, well, that's the address linked to your dog Friday.
I didn't explain that Friday wasn't my dog. I didn't tell her about Maddie, either, or that Friday was her dog. Except now he wasn't her dog. Friday was Lily's dog, and his name was Max.


Caller ID would tell Maddie I was calling. I knew she was worried about having Friday at the veterinarian’s, too.
—I'm just checking in. We're still with Dr. Hannah. Do you remember when you last took Friday for a visit to a veterinarian?
—I've never had him for a checkup. Friday has never been ill. I never even thought about it. Is he all right? He's not sick, is he?
Maddie cleared her throat in an attempt to hide a voice shaky with emotion. I recognized her concern immediately.
—I'm putting you on speaker with Hannah.
—Friday is fine. He's healthy as a dog. Maybe a little pudgy for his age.
—Well, I know someone else—
—No, Maddie. You're perfect just the way you are.
Hannah regarded me with raised eyebrows before wagging a finger and shaking her head for good measure.
—I was talking about you, shamus. Maybe I should put the pair of you on a strict diet and exercise plan if you're taking us to a wedding.
—A wedding?
I hadn't told her about Allie's wedding. Or anything about Allie. My plan was to ignore the whole thing. I didn't think anyone would be missing me.
—You can read all about it when you get back.
Maddie hung up and I was left to my own devices to clear up inconsistencies in Friday's past with the veterinarian's help.
—I don't know how long Maddie and Friday have been together. I'm pretty sure she wouldn't just up and take him. She has to have found him somewhere.
—Well, the tag doesn't lie. He's definitely one from the litter. The information and the address is plain as day. Does she have any records?
—Not that I know, but I never asked. I just assumed she owned the dog. She must have spent a lot of time training him. He obeys every one of her signals. She even gives them to him when she knows he won't obey me. She thinks I don't know.
—Then they have a good rapport. I doubt they'd be so close if they didn't. Perhaps a previous owner beat Friday.
—Oh no. I don't believe that for a minute. Although, now that you mention it, there are times I could put that woman over my knee.
—You do have a way with words, don't you? I'd bet that if Maddie were here now, you'd be eating them.
—I wouldn't be saying them. You know me by now.
Hannah went on.
—It could be that a previous owner didn't do any notifications on the change. That happens sometimes. The new owner doesn't know, and the previous doesn't bother.
—All right. Well, in that case, I have a phone call to make. Someone is going to be very happy to learn their lost dog has been found.
And Maddie is definitely not going to be happy about it.
I allowed Friday to tug at his leash all the way home. He was obviously rushing to put the strange scents in the vet's office as far behind as he could. He trotted eagerly, anticipating treats and the petting and the scratching. I didn't call him to heel. I was preoccupied with the reaction Maddie was going have.
She was definitely not going to be happy to find out the main squeeze in her life was someone's lost dog now found.





THREE


I TRIED TO make the news about Friday and her owner as easy for Maddie as I could. It wasn't going well. She was despondent, as I was afraid she would be. Immediately she backed away and crossed her arms, refusing to listen. I'd betrayed her. She could hardly look at me. She swallowed so hard I could hear it.
—Maybe I sort of suspected when I found him waiting for me by the car door. I was at a rest stop. I opened the door and he volunteered to jump in. I knew he must belong to someone. We sort of adopted each other. He didn't look mistreated. I checked him over very carefully. He didn't have a collar. Or maybe he lost it somewhere. I never thought to check for one of those tags. I didn't know.
Her explanation came out too short and clipped to be a lie.
—I believe you. You love Friday. That was plain as day from the first time I saw you with him.
Hell, even I thought the two of them belonged together from day one. They were a Mutt and Maddie of dog and human.
—What are you going to do?
—I don't know, Maddie, but I do know a young person who is probably very concerned for the welfare of her dog.
She wasn't having it.
—Well, I need a break. We're off to the beach to think about things. We'll be back later.
I considered what she told me about finding the dog. It wasn't unusual for dogs to be stolen and ransomed. I had cooperated on that case with Dr. Hannah, after all. Perhaps someone had seen a well-behaved dog roaming around Lily's neighborhood and taken advantage. Friday, or Max, could have jumped out of the car the first chance he got and abandoned his dog nappers.
I decided to call Allie Sands, where I knew Lily would be be happy to learn her dog, Max, had been found. Allie was a girlfriend in my past life as a big-city cop. We'd worked together solving murders, she as a coroner and me as a detective. We eventually became involved, but it didn't end well us.
I congratulated her on her engagement to Warren. I teased her about admiring his six-pack abs so long ago while we were vacationing at the resort where Warren ran the store on the wharf.
There was too much time and life between then and now, and here she was about to marry the man after hiring him away from the resort. Warren Jeffrey took over the dive business Allie and her brother Hank started. His experience turned it into a going concern.
Warren and I had been good friends, too. He helped me get through a lot, until finally, fed up with life and love and death, I pulled up stakes and left the resort. I was fed up with being the go-to guy to take care of miscreants, thieves, and other bad boys and girls. I never returned.
Allie talked a blue streak at the prospect of her upcoming wedding. She sounded happy, finally, something I could never do for her.
—Warren left me a voice mail. Do you know what it's about?
—Not a clue, Jim.
—All right. I'll call him after I talk to Lily about Max.
—She's going to be so happy to know Max hasn't disappeared forever. What's his owner like?
—Well, she isn't happy, I can tell you that. In fact, she's devastated. Maddie is prepared to give up the dog, though.
—Maddie?
—Yes. My new partner in the business.
—Is that why you didn't get back to us about coming to the wedding?
—I don't know, Allie. There's no hard feelings. You know that. Warren and I got along. Get along. I remembered your comment about his six-pack abs and laughed. I envy him. I'm happy for you.
—So then, you'll be sure to bring Maddie as your plus-one.
—I'll be plus-two, sweetheart. I'll be bringing Max, too.
—Lily is going to be so excited.
—I expect so. I should talk to her and explain.
—All right. I'll get her.
I waited, thinking about Maddie and how I would ever make it up to her. She loved Friday. Or Max, as Lily had named him. Maddie loved the dog, whoever he was. That was evident the first time I saw the two of them.
—Hi Uncle Jim.
Lily was out of breath.
—Hi Lily. How are you?
—I'm good. I'm missing a dog, though. Max ran away. Or someone took him. I think someone must have stole him. Why would a good dog run away from someone who loves him?
—Well, maybe he thought the person he ended up with needed him more than you did. There are people like that. Dogs, too. They have a very powerful sense of love and affection, you know.
—Maybe.
She sounded doubtful.
—In any case, I have a surprise for you. I found Max.
Lily screamed into the phone, loud and piercing and happy. Maddie and Friday chose that moment to walk into the office. The dog slurped up water. Maddie looked at me quizzically.
—I'm going to put you on speaker, Lily. The person who found Max is here with me. Her name is Maddie. And she calls her dog Friday.
Maddie didn't appear happy to be put on the spot.
—How did you find out he was mine, Uncle Jim?
—I took him to a vet for a checkup. Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with him. He's fine. Maybe a few extra pounds on both of us that neither needs.
—Zelda misses you, Uncle Jim, but we're taking good care of her.
—Thank you, Lily. Thank James for me too, okay?
—I will.
—Here's Maddie, okay? I need to talk to Allie again when you're finished.
Lily and Maddie gently fenced back and forth. I knew Lily well enough. I could tell by the tone of her voice she was sizing Maddie up. Not surprised, I knew Maddie was doing the same. I stayed out of it.
—I'll make sure to bring your dog and your Uncle Jim home in time for the wedding. I'm going to be his plus one.
Maddie gave me the look as though I'd been keeping something from her. Which I was, until she found out on her own. Allie's voice came through loud and clear. Lily must have put the phone on speaker, too.
—Good. You're officially invited, Maddie. And Friday or Max, too. See if you can kick the butt of the man standing beside you. All three of you are welcome any time. I'll see that the trailer is cleaned up. You can all stay there.
Lily's excited Max is coming home! was the last thing I heard as Maddie thanked her for the invitation and hung up.
—Well, I guess I'm going to have to give up my faithful Friday.
—Don't be so sure. Lily has a life of her own. She's older now. She's probably interested in boys. Or more likely, the boys are interested in her.
I hugged Maddie tight.
—When she sees how the two of you are together, I'm sure she'll think hard about leaving you without a dog. Lily is that kind of person.
—If you say so. Now tell me about Warren's six-pack abs, pudgy Mr. Detective.
She dug into my ribs with a finger. I looked at her suspiciously.
—Those are ribs. My abs are around the front. And you were eavesdropping.
She grinned. Taking his cue from his mistress, Friday barked. I grinned right back.
—Warren is Allie's department. You should have asked her. Since we're going to the wedding, maybe you'll get a chance to see them for yourself if he takes his shirt off.
—Yeah. No. I like your pudgy abs just fine.
She reached to scratch me behind the ear and I tapped the floor with a foot. That always got her.
—You need a shave.
—I don't have time right now. I have to call Warren.
—That's the guy who left the message.
—Yeah. He's the one marrying Allie.
—You don't look so good, shamus.
Okay, so maybe I wasn't ecstatic that Allie was marrying my good friend. I truly was happy for her. I was feeling a little sorry for myself, too, what with Maddie going to lose Friday, and me losing Allie for good. I sure wasn't about to reveal that to the woman standing in front of me.
—I'm okay. Put on something special tonight. We're going to celebrate.
That was all Maddie needed. She left me with Friday and headed down the stairs faster than a speeding bullet. If I knew her, she'd be shopping for most of the afternoon.
I couldn't wait to see what she brought home.





FOUR


I PLAYED WARREN'S brief message. There was nothing to give away the reason for the call. We'd been good friends in the past. My expectation was that he wanted to give me a heads up about the upcoming wedding.
To be truthful, the wedding wasn't news to me. Allie hired Warren away from the resort hotel to manage the dive shop she started as part of her successful boat rental and tour business. I knew they had developed a thing. I was happy for both of them. I was a lot happier now that I knew they were getting married.
Allie deserved to be happy. So did Warren. If they found happiness together, who was I to throw cold water on it? Both of them were my friends. Both of them deserved their happiness, wherever they found it.
I answered the ringing phone and Warren's familiar deep voice gave me an exuberant greeting.
—I was just thinking about you, lucky man.
I gave it right back to him. We went back and forth about stealing my girl and how she deserved better than me and I ended up letting him know how happy I was they'd finally found each other. It was all true, too, and with that out of the way, I asked about the cryptic voicemail.
—Yeah. About that.
I let him go on.
—A reporter came to see me. She was talking around some old shit. Asking about Pilar and you and the accident and the decision by the authorities to identify the plane crash as the result of a terrorist attack.
—That's old news, Warren.
I didn't go into it with him, but it took me a long time to fix a wrong that included calling the woman I loved a terrorist. I handled that problem the only way I knew how. Revenge is best served up in the belly of an alligator.
—The reporter was talking to Erica, too, and asking about Kara.
That one was resolved by Pilar and I a long time ago. We flew down and traipsed the length of the Baja to Cabo and back to Todos Santos. Thanks to the padre at the local mission, we determined that my wedding to Kara and the records the woman left behind for me were a complete fabrication.
—Interesting. That's all old history now. I wonder what she really wanted.
—She asked about Kara's son, James, as well.
Thanks to Allie and DNA testing by one of her connections, she proved that James couldn't be my son. I never learned who his father was. Erica, Kara's sister and James' aunt, took him in unreservedly. He was part of the Sands family now, since Erica had married Hank, Allie's brother.
—I wonder why a reporter is bringing up old wounds? She must have a burr in her pants about something.
—That's what I thought too. Since you're coming here for the wedding, I thought I'd give you a heads up. You are coming, right? Allie never got a yes or no out of you.
—I talked to her. We're coming.
—We? Who's we? What are you holding out?
—Someone who heard about your abs from Allie and thinks mine are better.
—So you've lost some weight.
—Uhh, I wouldn't say that, exactly.
—Then she loves you too much. She's being kind.
—You always did have a way with words. That's why we're friends. Keep the coffee warm and I'll see you on the wharf like old times.


I'd be returning to a lot of history with Allie and Warren both. While Allie and I were what I'd call ancient history, Warren was another matter. As my good friend, he'd been around for the Pilar and Kara debacle when Kara showed up in her sloop with her son in tow.
Warren was there when Pilar, my pregnant wife, was murdered in the charter plane terror attack. Hell, he'd been there when I walked away, never to return.
Ancient history. Some of it good. A lot of it not so good.
Was I really over it? Judging by what Warren told me about a reporter, I might not be. Maddie was definitely going to be need to know from now on. I couldn't keep if from her any longer.
But how much should I tell her?





FIVE


I COULDN'T BE certain if we were having a fight or only a disagreement. Over a damned trailer. I had ghosts — old wounds, if you must — still haunting me. Allie and her brother Hank, Erica and her daughter Lily, even Warren, were all a part of it. Perhaps it would be good for me to see them all together, living and laughing and being in love and marrying.
On the other hand, Maddie was convinced there was still something between Allie and me. So maybe it was overdue. And just maybe Maddie was right, but I was resisting. Would I never learn?
—It's a nice trailer. Virtually brand-new. You'll like it. So will Friday. You'll see. There's grass and everything.
Grass and everything? If that was the best I could do, Maddie would be out the door in minutes. I was beginning to feel like I was bullying her into staying in the trailer on Allie's property.
—Did you sleep with her in that trailer?
I hesitated too long. Her nostrils flared and she wasn't having any of it. She wasn't hearing me, either.
—You did, didn't you?
Her breathing came slow and steady. Damn but the woman was good. I hung my head like the bad person I was. If I managed to talk myself out of this, I deserved a treat. Immediately I felt even more guilty for thinking it. Strange how Friday had insinuated his way into my life since he'd arrived with Maddie.
—I was down and out after Pilar was killed in the plane crash. The authorities branded her a terrorist bomber. Deceased, she had no trial to prove otherwise. It was a crock of shit, and I knew it right off but I couldn't prove it.
Even with the weight of all of that on me, I had to keep it together. Moving in to the trailer on the marina property was how I did it. It was part of the reason I didn't take to drink. The place wasn't a dump. It was brand new.
It took years of investigation to put Pilar's killer in my sights. When I finally got him there, I made certain the guilty party received the justice he deserved. Call it trial and execution by alligator, but it inflamed the cockles of my heart to have witnessed it firsthand.
I didn't tell Maddie that part of it. She didn't need to know. No one needed to know other than the people who were there to witness the man's demise.





SIX


I TOOK IN the pile of luggage, all of it new but mine, and realized Maddie had relented. There was no doubt she was coming. She even dug out the bag I picked up for Friday when we went off on our disastrous ski lodge holiday. Like a lost dog, Friday was sitting beside it looking forlorn.
—No, Friday. We're not going on an airplane.
We hadn't talked about it past the phone call with Allie, but I knew she had been out shopping up a storm. What woman would venture into the territory of a woman who had been a previous partner to her man without a fresh wardrobe? I knew that much about women.
—How long are you planning on staying? Judging by the weight of these bags—
She gave me the look and I let it go. She was doing a number on me. So was Friday. He never left Maddie's side the entire time. Now I was wondering if Maddie would be staying home in spite of the heavy suitcases she'd allowed me to haul downstairs.
—You bought a new bag.
More than one, in fact. They were hard-sided and looked expensive.
—Of course I did. Do you think I was going to show up at your former girlfriend's place carrying a backpack and looking like an infatuated college girl traveling with her professor?
I wanted to keep it light. I liked her too much. The age difference wasn't so big. What's ten years among lovers and business partners?
—So that's why you bought the suitcases. You're over your infatuation with me and you're going to run away as soon as Friday and I leave for the wedding?
—Sort of. And no. You're not taking Friday anywhere without me. Furthermore, don't be putting crazy ideas in my head about running away. I'm going to be around to torment you for a while.
—Like you tormented me this morning?
—Oh yeah. Are you going to be able to keep up?
She grinned. I wanted to put her over my lap and pretend to spank her. I knew where it would lead.
—You're beautiful just the way you are. Warren is going to be jealous.
I left the shopping bags for last. She wouldn't let me look in them. In that moment, she surrendered.
—It's stuff. Just stuff. For you. No looking.
—Why can't I open them now?
—No, silly. You can't open them now. It's for us for later.
—I didn't get you anything.
Perhaps a little guilt on my part would help.
—I didn't expect you to. Let's go. Friday is chomping at the bit. Are we going to put the top down?
Discretion being the better part of valor, Friday knew enough not to call shotgun. The instant I opened the door he jumped in the back and settled in, content and anxious as I was to get going. I was sure it was only because he knew we weren't headed for the airport.
Maddie slid across the Packard's seat looking like a '40s movie star. The top went down and she settled in beside me, hip glued to hip. I started to feel like a teenager in love all over again. Once out of the city the old Packard settled in nicely at ten over, running like a top.
Maddie's head rested on my shoulder and Friday woofed his approval from the windy back, where he sat with his head over the side. The first break arrived and we stretched our legs. I picked up road trip munchies while Maddie picked out a couple of music CDs in the truck stop.
—I didn't know you were old-school that way.
—I saw the player. No sense in letting it go to waste, is there?
—The new radio has bluetooth. I'm not so out of the loop as that.
By the time we were out of music, we were at the next stop. We cruised slowly past a couple of local PD cruisers and I pulled up to the pumps. The Packard gobbled fuel like an old farm tractor. I paid and parked the car.
Maddie and Friday got out and headed for the facilities together. I got the idea he was being overly protective, but what did I know? Friday was obviously Maddie's dog—at least, I hoped he would be if I knew Lily.
We didn't bring Friday into the restaurant, but with the top down on the Packard we weren't worried anyone would fault us for mistreating our dog.





SEVEN


FUELED, FED, WALKED and watered, we were ahead of schedule and ready to relax for the final leg of our drive. I pulled out of the truck stop and made for the highway. 
The two black and whites we passed when we entered the truck stop pulled out behind us. That there were two of them was no cause for concern. Thus I didn't think anything of it. Everyone had a job to do and breaks to take, and now, like us, the break was over and there were going back to work.
I set my foot on the Packard's pedal for two under and wished them good luck. They didn't try to overtake. They didn't try to pass.
—Did you take it upon yourself to dial 911 after our argument?
She looked at me and grinned.
—It wasn't an argument. It was a discussion. Should I be concerned about being loaded onto a boat, tied with weights and forced to walk the plank once you get me where you want me?
—I think putting you over my knee would be a better plan.
—You already did that, remember? You're not going senile on me, are you?
I checked the mirror.
—We have a couple of black and whites behind us. They've been with us since the last stop.
She turned to look back and slid away from me.
—Maybe they think you're someone else.
—Me? What about you? You're the one traveling with the stolen dog.
—Very funny. Oh-oh. There goes the flashing blues.
I had an itch to know how the Packard would perform against modern-day equipment. I resisted the urge to floor it in the huge, overpowered car. A cruiser stayed on our tail. A second pulled up beside us. The siren wailed. I pulled over and stopped.
—There's something going on. Put your hands on the dash and don't move, all right?
Maddie called to the dog.
—Friday. Sit. Stay.
—Another ten miles and we would have been home free. I wonder what they want.
It was unusual. The police were a long way from home when they picked us up at the truck stop. They obviously knew we were on our way. Now I wanted to know the reason for stopping us.
I didn't get a chance to ask. Two officers approached with sidearms drawn and aimed.
—Get out of the car. Now.





EIGHT


MADDIE AND I knew the procedure well. We kept our hands in plain sight and eased out the driver's side. We went down on our knees. From the back, Friday kept his eyes on Maddie. He was waiting for a signal.
—You're both under arrest.
—Why are we being detained? What are the charges?
Our questions were met with silence.
—Jimbo. How far away is Lily?
In the back of the Packard, Friday's ears perked up.
—Eight or ten miles. Why?
I think Maddie knew we were in deep shit before I did. She called to the dog.
—Friday.
In the back seat the dog barked and got up on all fours. Every muscle tensed and his ears perked. His tail went straight in the air and stayed there.
—Find Lily. Go.
Friday bounded out of the car. He didn't stop to try to be protective of his mistress. He wasn't bothering to wait around. He made for the hills, full speed ahead, hell-bent on doing as his mistress commanded.
Twin taser tags hit Maddie in the back. She collapsed on the ground, twitching and grimacing.
—Don't say a word or you'll end up on the ground with your woman.
Gunshots rang out as a police goon fired randomly in Friday's direction. The magazine emptied and he replaced it but by then it was too late. Friday was long gone. The radio call went out advising whoever was managing the dog and pony show that the clown-car cops failed to corral the dog part of it.
—Get the woman up.
Immediately it became apparent there were no recordings being made. Maddie moaned and stayed put. The dumb ox cop pulled the trigger and zapped her again when she didn't react to his command. A wet spot spread over the crotch of her pants.
The discussion ended there and we were picked up and flung into the back of the cruiser. In solidarity with my partner, I pissed my pants in protest. In this heat, by the end of tomorrow the four-wheel piss palace would be unbearable.
Maddie collapsed against me. I told her what I did and she grinned in her own damp solidarity. She let go with whatever remained in her bladder.
—High five, girl. We're on a roll.
—Yeah. No. I don't like your rolls.
—Strange. It was only a few days ago when you were telling me how much you admired my abs.
—I think those were your ribs. They were too hard to be your abs.
—It's a good thing I love you or I'd make a formal request for another car. Speaking of which, it isn't usual for two perps to be in the back of the same car. Unless the procedures have changed.
—I have to pee again.
Let fly. While you're doing that, do you have any idea why we're here?
—Nope. Not a one. But I wouldn't be surprised if the gun in my purse was next on the agenda.
—Don't worry about it. You're legal. So am I.
She gave me a look that said I had to be deaf, dumb and stupid. How could a woman do that to a man with only a single glance every damn time?
—Yeah, I'm thinking that isn't going to work, but you keep right on believing it. How do we get a lawyer to come out to this dog and pony show?
—We have to be charged. Well, under normal circumstance. I'm not so sure now. Maybe we're being shipped off to the gulag. I hear it's a very popular place these days.
—Well that's good. We can parent some of those children in concentration-camp cages the government is so proud of.
I shut up and started thinking. Could the mess we were in have anything to do with the heads-up Warren passed along about the reporter? What dark places did she uncover when she started researching me?
—Do you think Friday will be able to find Lily?
—He'd better or I'll never scratch him behind the ears again. Speaking of which, neither of us will be able to from a jail cell. Habeas corpus, anyone?
The cruisers crossed the divide and headed in the direction of the town we so recently passed through.
—And here we go. Next stop, perdition.





NINE


FROM THE BACK seat of the cruiser it looked to be a sleepy little town. It was off the interstate, where the road through was tagged as the B-route. Dusty streets. A couple of old-time gas stations that the big names in petrol forgot about. Plenty of flags flying to celebrate something or other that was of import to the residents.
Our personal transport vehicle pulled up in front of a newer building. Two stories. Not so many windows to look out on the village. I knew right off the money to build it hadn't come from local taxes. It was funded by speeding tickets. Probably with the radar re-tuned to indicate a couple over to take care of everybody.
It was probably a good job for Chief Joe-Bob and the rest of the mayor's relatives. It would provide a car and uniforms and equipment to help the overweight police chief look good in his wrinkled shirt and the clip-on tie with last week's barbecue sauce smeared all over it.
—I get the feeling we're in hillbilly heaven, Maddie. We need to be careful with these people. They're not used to being questioned by anyone. Non-locals pay the fines and leave.
Maddie turned away from the window to look at me.
—I do believe you could be right, shamus. Now how are we going to get our asses out of here.
I checked the clock hanging over the dilapidated city hall.
—Depending on how long it takes Friday to find his former mistress, I'd say three or four hours before help arrives.
—Oh great. And the car is out in the middle of nowhere on the interstate.
—That's a good thing. If Friday is able to convince anyone to follow him, they should twig on it.
—Thanks for that vote of confidence in my dog. How do you know he won't be happy to get home to Lily and plop down in front of a nice warm fire to relax after all the exercise his chubby bottom is getting?
She was right. Good old Friday was getting a little pudgy around the middle, sort of like I was, too.
—Lily knows we're coming. Everyone knows we're coming. When Friday, or her Max arrives all by himself, they'll know something is up.
—You'd better be right, shamus. I don't want to be caught out with all of those new clothes and no wedding procession to attend.
—I'd like to let it be known that there are still some shopping bags I haven't been allowed to look in. My gut tells me it's going to be a while until I do. Are you happy now?
Maddie giggled uncontrollably.
—Not particularly, but let me think about it for three or four hours in a hick town jail with a country bumpkin for a sheriff. Are you sure you don't know this place? It seems to me like they all know you.
—Know me? What the hell?
—Well, we're in the back of some podunk town's cop car. We're in handcuffs. And I sure as hell never saw the place before today. I drive right through towns like this. I know better.
—So it's all on me. Thanks. I think.
Our driver parked and led us into the building. The office space was filled with desks. We were forced to make our way through a tight maze on the way to the solitary cell in a back room.
—Looks to me like some of the chief's relatives might have a stake in this game.
—You're mistaken, shamus.
—What do you mean? Take a look for yourself.
—You mean all of them. Every last living one.
Maddie let out a disgusted sigh.
—We'll have none of that. We're spending our time together. It's called bonding. What other couple can say the same when they end up in jail?
Maddie shook her handcuffs at me.
—We're already bonded, detective.
I wondered how experienced the outfit was, considering we were sharing the only a cell.





TEN


FRIDAY KEPT TO the grass at the side of the highway. The ground was softer there, and he could make better time. He ignored speeding cars and honking horns overtaking him. He found his way off the busy four-lane highway and onto a back road.
When he became winded, he halted his quick gallop and slowed to a fast trot, ears forward, tail high in the air like a wind vane as it slowly moved back and forth in rhythm with his body.
He was searching for Lily now. The marina. All the familiar scents and smells and odors that went with it. He recognized the diner on the road to the marina and picked up speed. By the time he found himself in the marina compound he was panting and exhausted. He barked. It was his way of announcing he was home to anyone paying attention.
Once. Twice. Three times.
Zelda followed Zoe as both dogs scampered out to greet Max's familiar bark. They rubbed noses and nudged and barked and generally made a fuss. Lily came out to see what the commotion was about and recognized her dog.
—Max! You're home.
Lily dropped to her knees and the dog ran to her. Her arms circled the wayward dog. He licked at her face and sat down to catch his breath. Lily looked around the parking lot, expecting to see a fancy convertible. Confused, she queried the dog.
—Where's Uncle Jim? Where's Maddie?
Max bumped noses with Zelda and Zoe. He led the dogs on a chase to Allie's car in the lot and back to Lily.
—Max. You're panting too hard. You need water. You're dehydrated. How far did you run? Come on. You have to rest. Your dish is waiting.
Max ran to greet Allie. Still panting, still with his tongue hanging out. His teeth closed on her pant leg. He tugged in an attempt to drag her in the direction of the car.
—Lily? What's wrong? Where's Jim and Maddie?
—They're not here. I think Max ran the whole way by himself.
—Well that's not right. All three of those dogs are upset. And Max needs water right now.
A very pregnant Allie hurried off as best she could to find Warren. Lily busied herself watering Max. He drank and went back to running from Lily to the car and back. Allie returned and the dog looked expectantly at her. He sat and barked.
—I think he's trying to tell us something. Come on you guys. We'll all go. Where's Erica? She needs to come with you, Lily.
The women piled into the car. Warren drove. Three dogs hung their heads out the window. Max barked his assent as Warren took them over the back roads to the freeway. He turned in the direction he knew Jim would be taking to get to the marina.
They passed the car pulled off on the opposite side of the highway. Max barked. Warren steered onto the median and burned a quick u-turn. He pulled in behind the Packard in time to meet a flatbed tow truck halting in front of it.
—Everyone stay here and don't let the dogs out. I'll take a quick look-see.
Allie waddled to the car and pulled a handkerchief out of a pocket. She used it to open the dash. It was Jim's car all right, missing his signature handgun. Relieved, she struggled to lean in and remove the keys from the ignition. She walked back to the trunk and opened it. It was filled with luggage. She replaced the keys and approached the tow truck driver.
—What's going to happen to the car?
—I was told it's being impounded. I'm hauling it to the police lot down the highway a bit.
Allie made for the car.
—He's taking it to an impound lot. I expect Jim and Maddie are in a cell somewhere in the next town. They shouldn't be hard to find.
Warren pulled out and reversed course across the median. He made good time to Harpertown.





ELEVEN


JIM AND MADDIE cooled their heels in the small cell. Requests for phone calls and lawyers were ignored. By hour three, they were still in the dark as to why they had been shanghaied by cops and transported to the local jail.
Without warning, a cop marched a woman down the hall and put her in their cell.
—Boy, are you two ever in the shit. You should be getting out of this place in five or ten. And I don't mean days.
By all appearances, Maddie didn't take too kindly to someone not involved with their arrest showing they had knowledge of the case.
—Are you a cop?
A head shake said no. Maddie hauled back a fist, got off a roundhouse, and decked the woman. Her head banged against the wall and she dropped like a stone.
Officers rushed into the room, unlocked the door to the holding cell, and hauled the woman out.
—You're going to jail for a long time. That was a cop you just assaulted.
—Then why did she say she wasn't? Was she lying to us? I have a witness. We want a lawyer right now. Two lawyers. We want to make our phone calls. We want to see a judge. Stop screwing around, you useless bags of crap. And while you're at it, go clean out your cruiser. I pissed all over the back seats.
I waved a hand in the air.
—For the record, I second that emotion. What she said. I pissed in your cruiser too. Call it spite if you must. You have something to do when your shift ends with this podunk outfit.
I banged a leftover tin cup left behind by a previous occupant across the bars. I'd seen it done in old movies by protesting inmates. No one paid any attention. Not even Maddie.
So here I was. In jail. With Maddie. Friday had gone AWOL. It was looking like we weren't going to make the wedding I promised to attend. I wondered who Allie would get to give her away. Not to mention Warren. I was supposed to be his best man.





TWELVE


LILY'S TWEEN-AGE ARMS and legs scurried out of the car ahead of everyone. Three fur-covered bodies rushed after the girl, not wanting to be left behind for the fun they suspected was coming. She held the door for her motley collection and the foursome rushed the police station's front desk. Erica called to her daughter.
—Lily! Don't be so quick to go in there by yourself, dear.
Allie good-naturedly admonished her friend.
—That girl. She's just like her mother. And I'm looking at you, Erica.
The women laughed and followed the girl and the trio of sniffing and snuffling dogs into what passed for reception. A sole officer occupied a desk in a far corner of the room. He took in the dogs and the girl and the two women and the expression his face said he didn't want to be there.
—What's going on? Who are you people? Get those dogs out of here.
Realizing he was outnumbered, his hand moved to the taser on his belt. Lily's stern voice commanded the dogs to halt and sit. Silenced by the girl's command, they obeyed. A look of relief took over the nervous officer's face, and he was about to sit down, too. He realized his mistake and straightened.
Tears streamed down Lily's face and she began to sob. Three pairs of dog ears perked up, but they remained sitting at attention.
—Where's Uncle Jim. Where's my Uncle Jim? What have you done to him? Where is he?
Allie and Erica stepped in front of the girl.
—I'm Allie Sands. This is Lily's mother, Erica. The dogs belong to us. A friend is waiting out front in the car. We want to see the couple in your jail cell.
Allie's rapid-fire questions didn't appear to affect the pudgy officer in his sweat-stained shirt. He held up a hand, too late to interrupt.
—I've called a lawyer. She's on her way. So far, the count appears to be this: Three women, three dogs, and a single police officer. Does that sound about right? Furthermore, who's in charge of this dog and pony show? Is your top dog around, or is he hiding out somewhere in a dog house?
As though to back her up, the dogs barked in unison. Lily called to silence them.
—Good dogs. Stay.
The dogs obeyed. The deputy relaxed only a little.
—Well ma'am—
It was Erica's turn to take the brown-shirted ball of sweat to task.
—Do we look like ma'ams to you, officer? The woman asked you a question. Answer it. And I have a question of my own. Where's Jim Nash being held? Is he in your jail or not? And keep in mind we have a lawyer coming.
The cop flushed a bright pink and moved to pick up the desk phone, then thought better of it.
—If you all will just be patient and follow me, I'll take you to him.
Three women quick-stepped through the maze of desks and chairs. Three dogs with tails straight up in the air trotted after the women. Alerted by the commotion, Jim and Maddie made to stand to greet the arriving delegation. A grinning Jim rattled a tin cup against the bars.
Through the bars, Maddie recognized a very pregnant woman and safely assumed that was the bride to be.
—The things you put a woman through on her wedding. Jim Nash, you should be ashamed.
He hung his head and cocked an eyebrow, pretending guilt and feigning innocence. Allie reached through the bars and the women introduced themselves. Lily couldn't believe Jim was in a jail.
—Uncle Jim, what did you do? Why is Maddie in prison with you?
A grinning Maddie added to his embarrassment.
—Yes, Uncle Jim. What did you do to put us in prison? Please admit your guilt so we can get out of here for the wedding.
—It's not prison, Lily. It's only jail.
Lily appeared doubtful.
—It looks like prison to me, Uncle Jim. It has bars.
Erica chimed it with some chiding of her own.
—She's right. It's a prison as far as we're concerned. Allie called Kasidi. She's on her way.
Erica stuck her hand past the bars and introduced herself to Maddie.
—I'm so sorry this had to happen. What's going on? What did Jim do?
Maddie looked at Erica and shrugged.
—Nothing as far as we know. I haven't done anything either, other than get tasered like a schoolgirl for talking.
She raised her voice for all to hear.
—For crying out loud, where do these hillbillies come from?
—Kasidi should be here any minute. If Jim is smart he'll let her handle it. Just don't let him argue about her bill.
Allie felt an explanation was in order.
—There's a reason we have a lawyer on call for Jim.
She grinned at Maddie.
—Kasidi got Lily's Uncle Jim out of a pickle a few years ago. She's a good lawyer and a friend of mine to boot. I'm sorry to meet you and run, Maddie, but I've got three angry dogs and three angry people. If we aren't careful, we'll all be in a cell with you and I have a business to run. And, oh yeah, a wedding to attend to.
She gave Jim the evil eye before breaking into a wide smile.
—Where's Warren, Allie?
—He's out in the car. He thought it best to stay there in case he had to bail all of us out.
She passed a phone through the bars.
—Make any calls you have to before they find it. Kasidi's number is in there somewhere, too. The trailer is ready whenever you do your prison break. I wish I could do more.
Lily wasn't sure what to make of Allie's prison break comment.
—See? I told you you were in prison. But it's okay, Uncle Jim. I don't think you're a bad person. You either, Maddie. Max is fine. He's waiting for you in the lobby. He ran all the way to bring us. I wanted to bring him to see you but my mom thought he should stay there.
—Thank you, Lily. I'm sure Uncle Jim is grateful, too.
Jim began singing a tune that sounded only a little familiar. It was something about trouble and nobody seeing it. Allie shook her head.
—Maybe you could bring Maddie a change of clothes. I need one too. We urinated all over the back of the car that brought us in.
—I'll try to get your bags. No promises. You're likely to be in jumpsuits by then. If I manage, I'll send Warren back. He's a lot more patient, unlike you.
She looked at Jim, but her words were for Maddie.
—Try not to let him fly off the handle.
—Yeah, I know. I've been working on him with limited success.
—All right you two. I'm right beside you. Is Friday all right?
—Max is good. We brought all three dogs with us. Zelda and Zoe and Max are out causing a stink in the front office. If these Keystone cops don't know trouble when they see it, they're dumber than a bag of hammers.
Allie took two steps before turning back.
—Call Kasidi now. Right now. Maddie, make him do it.
—Well, the man doesn't have anything else to do. Jim? It's on you.
Allie turned back a second time.
—The wedding isn't going to happen until both of you are present and accounted for, understood?
—Does that mean if we get twenty-five to life you'll be an old maid?
—Not on your life, Nash. Do your duty with Kasidi and get both your butts out of jail. Don't be like last time and take it upon yourself to do everything.
The women high fived through the bars and Allie waddled down the hall to the door.
—She's one tough cookie. And a very pregnant woman. What did you do to let her get away, detective?
I knew enough to change the subject.
—I have to call my lawyer.





THIRTEEN


I DID AS I was told and called Kasidi Beale. She was on her way, but she wasn't about making any promises to get us released until she knew more. I didn't make the joke about not paying if she was wasting my time. With nothing on an empty plate in a jail cell with a population of two, I brought up Warren's phone call.
—I thought it might be about wanting you as best man.
—Well, that was part of it. The other part was about a reporter sniffing around, asking too many questions about my past.
—Such as?
Maddie knew about Kara. I spared her most of the details about Pilar. And I never mentioned anything concerning the demise of Nicolas senior. In my estimation that would be a bad idea.
Still, my thoughts were with the reporter. Going by what Warren said, I was thinking she might be on to Nicolas' death in the swamp. But how? Who did she know? What did she know?
Warren had been concerned enough to call and warn me. But even he couldn't know the worst of it. Perhaps he was going on the behavior he witnessed at the resort when I got news of Pilar's death. If that was the case, he was right to be concerned.
—If these guys toss the car, they'll find our handguns. Your paper is in order, right? You got the renewal from Boyle? He brought it over in person.
—Yes, dear. Everything is in order.
She smiled sweetly and broke into a grin.
—I so enjoy saying that to you. You have no idea.
I smiled back, but I was deep in thought. It had to be about Nicolas. A relative, perhaps. Or a town full of enough of his relatives to populate the police department. Maybe the reporter was related, too.
—I think we're in trouble, Maddie.
Now I had to figure out how much to tell her. But first I needed confirmation that this dump was full of Nick senior's relatives. I recognized a voice calling my name and put it on the back burner.
—Well if it isn't my shyster lawyer. It's about time you showed. Did you bring any fireworks this time?
Maddie was quick to jump on me.
—That's no way to talk about your lawyer. At least, not while she's in the same room.
—Now there's a woman you should listen to, Nash. Hi. I'm Kasidi Beale, and I'm the shyster here to help you.
Maddie and Kasidi grinned back and forth and introduced themselves before reaching through the bars to shake hands. It seemed to me they'd already come to an understanding.
—What did Nash do that you ended up in jail, Maddie.
—I'm not sure. Judging by what he said, do I need a different lawyer?
Maddie grinned at Kasidi.
—Not unless you want to stay a few extra days. I have a writ of habeas, Jim. You two should be out shortly. Did the local yokels happen to mention any charges? High crimes and misdemeanors? Arson? Kidnapping? Failing to pay your lawyer?
—Get us out of here, lawyer. We need to pause and regroup.
—I'm thinking Maddie is going to be trouble. I heard she decked a female cop. Good going. I'd have done the same thing.
It was my turn to grin. Maddie had to know she was as important in my life as ever.
—I'm not out of here until Maddie is out. You're right about the trouble part, though. She's been nothing but since I hired her.
Kasidi grinned so hard her face had to be hurting.
—Yeah, no. That trouble bit you mentioned is hard to believe. I was here for your last visit, remember? A house burned down with you in it. While that was going on, a trucker with a mobile slaughterhouse had Allie strapped onto a stainless steel table. Does that jog your memory at all?
I waved an admonishing finger at Kasidi.
—Maddie doesn't need to know all our secrets before I spin them my way. And I need a meeting with you stat.
—Well, I'll be at the wedding if you can wait.
I thought for a minute.
—It could be more urgent than that.
I didn't say more. I didn't want to alarm Maddie, even if she was regarding me with a wide-eyed look of shock. Or maybe it was horror.





FOURTEEN


KASIDI WAS AS good as her word. Maddie and I were able to eavesdrop from the jail cell. It took a lot of talking, a bunch of listening, and a fair amount of bluster, but she talked her way to getting us released. Sadly, it didn't happen before we were assigned two pairs of jail-house jumpsuits. Our perp walk to freedom saw us stripping naked before making our way past the jumble of desks in the overcrowded front office.
—For sure this place is full of nepotism. Why else would there be so many desks in such a tiny office?
Kasidi knew me well enough to wait at the door to the station. She greeted us before we could make our way outside.
—Are you two nuts? Don't move a muscle until I get some blankets. They'll have you back for public indecency in a New York minute. Did you collect your personal effects?
A Keystone cop blushing bright pink handed over two bags and by then Kasidi returned with the blankets.
—You keep these on reserve in your car?
Kasidi grinned at Maddie.
—I've had dealings with Jim before. I'm quite familiar with his methods.
—More like antics from what I've seen. We need to have coffee some time. We can trade war stories.
—I'm standing right here, you two.
—Maddie, we can get together with Allie at the reception. That should put the fear of the lord into both Jim and Warren.
The women high fived and I was left carrying the property bags as Kasidi escorted us to our car.
—Nice ride, Nash. You must be in the money. Speaking of which, my normal fee—
—You have a normal fee now? If I remember right, your normal fee is whatever you feel like charging.
—Exactly. Whatever the traffic will bear. And seeing what you drive in traffic—
Maddie laughed.
—Now get dressed and get going. You two have a wedding to attend.
Our arrival at the marina was anti-climactic. Our attendance at Allie's wedding had been telegraphed. Lily had briefed James on her prison escapade. Friday was the only one who enthusiastically rushed out to greet Maddie. He merely touched a cold nose to my hand before wandering off to make fresh acquaintances with the rest of the litter he left behind when he deserted.
Maddie wasted no time examining the trailer from the outside. She walked from one end to the other. Looked over the grounds. Swung a foot at the tree hard enough to shake the leaves. Looked at me.
I recognized that look. It said hotel.
—You expect me to stay in that? I'm not staying in a trailer where you spent time with you know who, shamus. Get a grip.
—It's a beautiful trailer. Look at it. There's a nice green lawn. A leafy tree for shade. There's plenty of flowers in the yard. Wait until you see the inside.
—I'm not setting foot in it, and that's that.
I hauled out my phone and searched for a hotel. I was on hold to make a reservation for two when Allie appeared out of nowhere, looking very big and very pregnant.
—You never told me you were here, Jim.
Like it was my fault.
—Come on, Maddie. I'll take you on a tour.
I swear it couldn't have been more than five minutes before the women returned. Maddie looked at me quizzically.
—Who are you calling, Jim?
—A hotel. I thought—
—You can stay in a hotel if you want. I'll be staying in the trailer.
I was saved when Lily showed up with three familiar dogs. Zoe and Zelda licked my hand, but it was Zelda who stayed by me. I scratched at the back of her head and she nuzzled my thigh. The old girl seemed as pleased to see me as I was her.
—It sounds to me like you're the dog house again, Uncle Jim.
In that case, maybe Zelda would let me stay with her.
—Lily, I'm always in trouble with those two. I've learned to live with it. Help me carry the bags into the trailer, please, before Maddie changes her mind. Again.
Zelda sat down beneath the tree. Maddie's side-eye followed me into the trailer. I called back to Lily.
—The one good thing is that the dog house is full of dogs. There's no room for me, Lily.
Lily wisely didn't say a word. Maddie had no shortage.
—Don't count on it, sailor. The week isn't over yet.
I hauled the remainder of the bags out of the car and loaded them into the trailer. I had to pass the tree. It wasn't huge, but in time it would be.
—Lily? Who planted the tree?
—Yeah, we caught Zelda up here more than a few times. She'd come up and sit and look over the dock and the water like she was waiting for the sun to set. It was my idea to give her shade. Now Zelda and Zoe both come up here and lay down under it sometimes.
—I think it's a grand idea. Zelda is getting old. I'm going to plant a chair under that thing and grow old, too. Want to join me?
—I would, Uncle Jim, but I have chores. Maybe later if you're still allowed in the trailer.
The miniature devil-girl giggled and ran off, followed by three dogs.
—What's for dinner, cutie-pie?
My second devil-girl had spoken.
—How about Chinese? Would you mind if I call down to the rest of the bums in this dive and find out if they'd like to join us? Maybe we can bring out the table and chairs and set up beneath that nice green tree.
The whole crowd showed. People and kids and dogs talked and laughed and woofed and snorted while kids chased around followed by the dogs. I was proud to know them all, and I think Maddie was, too. She and Allie and Erica sat off to the side and traded war stories about their men, which the rest of us ignored as best we could.
Eventually the dogs hogged the shade beneath the tree. No one minded. Warren and Hank and I sat in the shade under an umbrella and traded lies about past lives. The kids floated back and forth between tables, talking and laughing and just being kids.
It was good to see every one of them and I was glad I showed for the wedding. I hoped Maddie was, too.





FIFTEEN


I WOKE IN a panic, struggling to breathe. Maddie was stretched across my body. A bony elbow dug into my stomach. Her full weight leaned on me. It brought her level with the window sill. A fog of breath coated the window as she looked out into the dark yard.
—What are you doing, woman? There's a bathroom in the building. You don't have to go outside.
I gasped for breath and she eased herself off me.
—Jim. I swear. Take a look for yourself. There's a car outside.
—Where's the hardware?
I slipped my robe over my shoulders and made for the door.
—We're at a wedding, remember? I left it in the trunk where it belongs.
—The lights should have come on.
—The lights?
—Yeah. With all the valuable boat properties Allie had lights installed years ago. They come on if someone comes onto the property at night.
—Well, shamus, there's no light now.
—Very good, detective. It's a gold star for you. Fortunately, we have a full moon.
I made for the door.
—You better belt that robe before you go out, sailor. The full moon is going to be shining down on your naked bits.
I opened the door and listened. A car started. I looked in the direction of the parking lot. Headlights backed out of the driveway and disappeared. It could have been a wrong turn, but with everything going on—
—We definitely had visitors. I'm going to find Warren.
Maddie sat up in the dark.
—You're going to find Warren? I think we both know where he is. You can find him in the morning at the breakfast table. We've been invited.
Sidetracked, I knew to change the subject.
—That's nice. I meant to ask you. What did you and Allie talk about? You sure changed your mind in a hurry about staying in a hotel.
—I did no such thing. It's your imagination.
—Yes dear. Good night.
I knew when to surrender.





SIXTEEN


MADDIE MADE TO tug me away from the breakfast crowd on the wharf.
—What is it now, woman?
She rolled her eyes at my manly man imitation.
—It's Lily. She's been following me around when I'm with Friday. I think she's stalking me.
—Oh come on. She's almost a teenager. Why would she be stalking you?
—I don't know. I think I'm going to talk to her mother about it.
—Relax, dear. She's at that age when the boys start to notice her. She already has two dogs to look after. She's probably trying to figure out if you'll be a good fit for her Max. You know how she loves those dogs.
—Yes, I've been watching her with them.
—Now who's the stalker?
—Well, I love Friday. I want to be sure he's got a good home when I leave.
—And what do you think so far?
—He'll have as good a home here as he always did.
Lily followed after her Max as he sought out a snuffling Maddie. He returned the snuffle and licked at her hand.
—What's wrong, Aunt Maddie? You look sad.
I was certain Maddie's waterworks were about to start any minute. Lily took her hand and dragged her away. Max followed on the heels of both. They didn't halt so far away that I couldn't hear the two of them.
—I've been watching you with Max, Aunt Maddie.
—You have, have you?
Maddie looked at me and smiled.
—Oh yes. I can tell he really likes you. And you like him just as much I think.
—Well, I miss having him around now that he's home. I only have your Uncle Jim to keep me company.
—Maybe he could stay with you in the trailer.
—I think that would be just grand, Lily, but your Max been away for a long time. I think he needs to run around with everyone. What do you think?
—Did you know Zelda is his mother?
—I didn't know that. Zelda is a pretty nice old dog too, isn't she?
—Uncle Jim found her and let me take care of her when he went away. James helps, too. We both do.
—You're going to have to tell me all about your Uncle Jim sometime.
—I don't think I have time right now. It's a long story how Zelda found me in Florida and rescued my mom and we got shot at and then we came here with Aunt Allie and Hank when he married my mom—
—My goodness.
Maddie looked across at me with a strange look. I started to worry Lily was talking too much.
—So, kids, how's it going?
Yeah, no, that wouldn't work, either.
—How's my old girl Zelda? Is James keeping her out of trouble? And Zoe. Is he taking care of her all right?
Maddie looked from me to Lily and caught her nodding assent.
—Who's James? You two sure do have a lot of people in your lives.
—Lily, why don't you let me talk with Maddie for a bit? Now that you let the cat out of the bag I'm going to have a lot of explaining to do.
—All right, Uncle Jim. Max. You stay. Stay with Maddie.
It was hard to tell who was more enthusiastic, Maddie, or Lily's Max and Maddie's Friday. Lily noticed, too. I hoped she wouldn't be hurt knowing that her Max was crushing on Maddie.
We spent a long time sitting in front of the trailer. I talked. And talked. And talked. Maddie listened. I don't know who was more exhausted when I finished, but I got it off my chest. Well, most of it, anyway.
I left out the part about Nick senior and the alligator and a bunch of minor details. I was feeling rather accomplished about it all, too.
A huge yacht eased up to the wharf and Warren jumped off.
—Is that more guests arriving?
—No. That's Warren. With the abs, remember? He was out on a charter with Hank.
Maddie straightened in her chair.
—Right. Hank is Erica's husband and Lily's adoptive dad.
—And Allie's brother. You're learning. It's a complicated life I've led until I met you.
—Oh come on. I bet you say that to all the girls.
—Well, now that you mention it— 
She poked me in the ribs and I grunted.
—I'm going to check out Warren's abs. I need to know if they're the real deal.





SEVENTEEN


I FOUND IT strange that a black SUV drove into the parking lot the instant the yacht docked. Two men wearing suits exited and walked through the crowd gathered for the celebratory breakfast. They halted some distance from where Warren and Hank were tying off the yacht, waiting for passengers to disembark.
Warren didn't appear happy. Neither did Hank. And they became even less so as the suits approached and began talking. I deserted my stakeout and made my way to the SUV in the parking lot. I snapped a close up of the plate and checked the grill for lights. I tried four doors. All locked. Satisfied, I returned to the spot where I could keep an eye on the proceedings on the end of the huge wooden wharf.
Things weren't going well. Yelling and shoving and what sounded like threats drifted past the crowd of well-wishers eating their breakfast on the brightly decorated dock. I witnessed Allie turn a concerned eye towards the action. I hurried to her table where she was sitting with Maddie and Erica.
—I'll go see what this is about. You stay here. You're in no condition to get into a fist fight if it comes to that.
—You're telling me I'm ten months pregnant, aren't you?
—Well, you said it, not me.
—I just want to make it through the wedding, Jim. What happens after that—
—I'll see what I can do.
I slipped my hands into my pockets and ambled off towards the action. I tried to appear nonchalant about the whole affair, but the voices were only getting louder. I stepped between the two factions.
—All right, you two. Enough is enough. There are guests present and your yelling and threats are causing alarm. Take a breath and step back or I'll call the cops.
The men didn't appear happy when I took out my phone and snapped a photo. They directed hard looks at Warren and Hank before hurrying past the breakfast crowd and departing in the SUV.
—Those two are feds.
—How do you know that?
—The black SUV in the lot. And the lights under the grill. I checked before I wandered down. You two ought to know that Allie and Erica were paying attention. You were even making Maddie upset. I don't like the women in my life to be upset so close to a wedding. What's going on that you haven't told Allie?
Warren and Hank exchanged worried glances. I took that to mean the shit was hitting the fan.





EIGHTEEN


I WAS CONVINCED the SUV was Federal. I was hoping Boyle would get back to me soon to let me know it was in the system. I didn't mention it to anyone. I wanted to be sure before I stuck my uninvited nose in any further. I figured the guys could handle it.
Allie, on the other hand, had a wedding to handle. Judging by the size of the woman, she'd be lucky to make wedding day before without giving birth. She didn't need crap from anyone on her happy day.
—Just the woman I want to see.
I sidled up to Maddie.
—Yes, shamus? You must want something. You're purring like a cat.
—Warren and Hank were arguing with two men earlier. Were you able to hear anything?
She had been sitting closest to the action, but was surrounded by the breakfast chatter on the wharf.
—Yeah. I saw. I couldn't hear much. Allie's table was engrossed in talk about babies and diapers and teething and all kinds of stuff I never want to be forced to hear again. What's going on?
—I don't know. I spotted a government SUV in the parking lot. The two occupants had words with the guys before I took it upon myself to intervene. I asked them to leave.
—I saw the gesturing and poking. What do you think is going on?
—I don't want to jump to conclusions. It's a wedding, after all. I don't want to cause problems before Allie gets hitched. If she doesn't give birth first.
—Yeah, there was talk of that, too. I think I know all the signs, the most important being something about water breaking. What the hell is that?
—Don't look at me. A book by someone called Dr. Spock will inform you.
—Thanks, but no thanks. Not in my lifetime if I have any say in it. Have you seen Lily?
—Are you still spying on Lily and Friday?
Maddie blushed a bright pink.
—Not any more than the stalking she's doing when her Max is hanging with me. My suspicion is that James is in on it, too. Why?
—You three are peas in a pod. Did you ever stop to think that the two of them might be spying on you to learn what kind of dog napper you are?
Immediately she went on the defensive.
—Dog napper? I'm no dog napper. Friday jumped into my car. I didn't steal him for a drive-away.
She halted, indignant that I'd brought it up.
—No, no. I mean she might want to see how you treat her Max if you take him away. You know, like you want to know how she'll treat your Friday when you leave him with her.
She shrugged and looked defeated.
—You're three stalkers in my book.
It would be laughable if all three of them weren't serious.
—Yeah, no, if you want to be in my book in that fancy-dancy trailer a little support would be appreciated.
—Come on, Maddie. You can't steal a dog, no matter how much you love him. We're both going to have to wait Lily out and learn what she decides. You know that.
She knew I was right.
—Why don't you tell her about how you two discovered each other at that rest stop? She'd probably like to hear about that.
I was this far from telling Maddie what I suspected with the feds running around the property. I didn't want to alarm her. And I sure didn't want her to mention anything to Allie or Erica. The three women were fast becoming friends. Even I knew women who are friends share everything.
I went back to worrying about what Warren and Hank were into, and what the feds were doing wandering around the property. As an afterthought I asked Maddie not to mention anything to Allie and Erica. By then I wasn't sure she was paying attention.
She was busy rushing off to spy on Lily and Friday.





NINETEEN


ALL RIGHT, SO I was putting off everything to the detriment of everyone, including myself, because I didn't want to mess up the wedding. Allie would kill me, not to mention what Maddie would do to me now that the women had bonded. Even Lily was on their side, which meant Zelda, Zoe and Friday wouldn't be far behind. I wondered if the dog house was big enough for four.
Warren and Hank were tight. Even though I'd been good friends with Warren in another life, he wasn't about allowing an interloper like myself to interfere in their business now that he was marrying Allie. I couldn't blame him. I wouldn't, either.
Even so, there were feds roaming around. Something had to be up. Boyle hadn't gotten back to me about the plate. I considered sending a reminder and then thought better. The man had a real job to do, unlike my best man duties at a wedding in a far-removed part of the state.
So I sat on the lawn in the shade in front of the big fancy trailer and waited for the dogs to show up. I could always rely on Zelda to come by, wagging her tail and snuffling at my ankles or my fingers as I handed out treats like I was a doggie Santa in the off season.
The old girl was a bear for affection and it tickled me that she remembered me after all these years. Even Zoe was no stinker. She liked to come around, too, but I figured that was only for the treats she knew I kept.
Zelda and Zoe would settle at my feet and it wasn't long before Lily's Max sidled up looking all guilty about having deserted me. It wasn't long before he was nosing my hand looking for a handout, too, before settling in with the other two. I was in dog heaven. All I had to do was keep the treats coming.
Lily kept finding excuses to visit, too. I'm pretty sure she was checking me out for any signs that her Max didn't want anything to do with me. I think she was disappointed not to find Maddie with us. I knew how hard it would be for her to turn Max over to another person—if she would even consider it.
It was cute watching her keep an eye on Maddie and Max, too. I sat back and smiled and sometimes grinned and tried not to let her think I was watching her antics. Ditto for Maddie, but I couldn't hide a thing from that one.
All that was the easy part. I still had no clue what it was with the feds wandering around the property, Warren and Hank were no help. They played their cards too close to their chests as far as that went. Until something changed, there was nothing I could help with, beyond the wedding and best man duties.
Well, that, and I was giving the bride away. There was probably something Freudian in that.
Feeling marginalized, I picked up a couple of tennis balls and proceeded to tease the dogs into a game of fetch. I didn't go too hard. I didn't want to worry faithful, chubby old Zelda into a heart attack. That's when I realized Friday came by his weight problem naturally. When the old girl started panting, I quit and retrieved water for all and we retired to the shade to contemplate a dog's life.
My chin dropped to my chest and I was soon off dreaming about old dogs and new women and former best friends.





TWENTY


I SHOULD HAVE stayed in touch with Warren. I had done good by him in a past life as a best friend while I lived the Kara and Pilar debacles at the resort hotel. I would have stayed in contact, too, but for one thing. His relationship with Allie. It came as a complete surprise when she told me. In another life Allie and I had been lovers, until I screwed it up.
That was why I kept away when she made the announcement. I didn't want to chance messing up her life a second time. I couldn't just pop by from time to time to see how both were doing. It didn't feel right.
So here I was, sitting in the shade, growing old with dogs, and deep in a mid-day snooze. Life was good.
Until it wasn't.
—Jim?
I opened an eye and squinted out at the world. The sun was still out. The sky was still blue. An offshore breeze was fluttering the canvas sun shade.
—Yes, Maddie? I'm alive. I was just resting my tired eyes for a minute.
—Uh-huh. You can fool the dogs, but you can't fool me. You're just as tired and sleepy as they are.
I looked down to discover the dogs still at my feet.
—Let sleeping dogs lie, I always said.
Maddie snickered.
—I don't think you're going to be able to do that much longer.
—Why do you say that?
I quickly ran a list in my head. Suit? Check. Shoes? Check. Tie? Check. Rings? Well, they were safe in the trailer. There was no reason to expect them to disappear. To be sure, I turned to look at the trailer. It was still there.
—Allie asked if I knew anything about what was happening on the wharf.
—What did you tell her?
I needed to know if she did as I asked.
—I didn't tell her anything beyond letting her know I witnessed the same thing she did. To be honest, I don't think she believed me. She's looking for you.
I needed to be somewhere else. I had nothing to tell her. Boyle hadn't got back to me.
—I'm going to cruise the motels in town. Want to come along?
—Can we take Lily?
—Of course. On one condition. Lily doesn't need to know about what happened on the dock.
—Got it. Let's take the dogs, too. I'm sure they'd like a ride in a vintage convertible.
I gave Maddie the eye and she flushed and broke into a grin.
—Yeah, so my methods might be obvious, but my heart is definitely in the right place. Wouldn't you say?
How could I say no?
—I'll put the top down. Bring water for the dogs when you collect Lily. It'll make points.
It was my turn to blush.
—You care for Friday almost as much as I do, you old softy.
She jabbed me hard in the ribs and went off to collect everyone. I swear, I was going to be black and blue before this wedding affair was over.





TWENTY-ONE


I WAITED FOR people and dogs to populate the car. It took a minute for the seating arrangements to be worked out between four legs and two. Lily surprised me—and I think Maddie, too—when she let her Max sit up front with us. I checked the mirror and winked and Lily rewarded me with a wink and a grin. So the little devil was spying on Maddie and Max. I should have known, and now I was a part of her conspiracy.
The grin stayed with me all the way down the street.
—Where are we going, Uncle Jim?
I looked across at Maddie, as though welcoming her into my own conspiracy.
—Oh, I don't know. I wanted to get away for a bit, is all. Maybe we can stop for ice cream and contemplate life before going back to the wedding madness.
—Ice cream sounds good. Right Zelda? Max, would you like some too? Zoe likes ice cream.
—Jim does, too, Lily. I think a little too much judging by his waistline.
I broke into song.
—I scream. You scream. We all scream for ice cream.
Well, okay, it wasn't a song as much as a chant. The dogs barked. The women giggled. I basked in the affection, like the old dog that I was, happy knowing that I'd reconnected with Zelda and Lily and Zoe and everyone else. As if to confirm it, a cold nose nuzzled my neck from the back seat.
—Lily. Is that you? Your nose is awfully cold. Are you sure you need ice cream?
Lily's admonishment came fast.
—Uncle Jim. That was Zelda. Bad girl, Zelda.
As if to reassure me, the old girl hit my neck a second time and I couldn't hold back the laughter. We caught a light right beside a building covered in plate glass. Human eyes in the car turned to check the reflection. I think even the dogs looked.
—Well don't you all look like peas in a pod. What could be better than this, girls and dogs? We have sun. We have blue sky. We have a cool breeze. Life is good. Right?
—Life is good, Uncle Jim. We all think so.
Zelda, sitting in the back, woofed approval. I hit motel row and slowed. Our eyes roamed both sides of the street. I think we spotted the SUV at the same instant.
—That's it.
An ice cream parlor lurked across the street, only a couple of buildings down. Sight-lines were good. There was cover if we chose the right table. Maddie was first out and made for it immediately.
—I don't think they'll let dogs in, Lily.
—Uncle Jim. Look. The sign says they have ice cream for dogs. How are we going to get ice cream for everyone?
—I don't know. Maybe the owner has a solution.
He did, and we ended up with three small bowls and three cones and everyone was happy. We watched the dogs chase their ice cream bowls across the parking lot. Zoe nudged Zelda a couple of times, as though leading Zelda to her bowl. I elbowed Maddie.
—Did you see that?
She only nodded. We sat in the shade and laughed at their antics and licked away to make short work of our own before a sun beating down in growing heat melted everything.
Tears rolled down Maddie's cheeks at the antics of the dogs. She called to Friday. He stopped and perked up his ears. Maddie walked over, picked up his ice cream bowl, and collected the others. It was doggie disappointment all-round until she returned the ice cream to the ground.
—Come on, dog people. Use geometry.
She placed the bowls in a triangle and once again Zoe nudged Zelda into position over a bowl. They happily dug in without having to chase ice cream across the lot. Three white-mustachioed dogs looked our way, and I swear they smiled as tongues licked at ice cream mustaches.
—Come with me, you three. You need water.
They bounded after Maddie. Lily looked across the table and grinned.
—I think Maddie likes our dogs.
—Did you have any doubt?
—Not any more.
I wanted to ask Lily about Zelda, but we were having such a good time I forgot all about it.





TWENTY-TWO


I RECOGNIZED THE man closing the door to the motel room. He was one of the two visiting the marina yesterday.
—That's one of them, Maddie.
Lily's eyes widened.
—Uncle Jim. Are we doing a stakeout? Did you bring us on a secret mission?
The man looked around the motel parking lot before making his way to a tiny rental. A woman I didn't recognize got out.
—That's the reporter who was asking my dad and Warren all those questions.
—Are you sure, Lily?
—Oh yes, I'm sure. It's the same cute little car. I went out to our parking lot to look at it.
—Well, now we know. Good job, Lily. There'll be a little something extra in this week's allowance for you.
Lily shielded her eyes and squinted while looking up at me.
—I don't get an allowance, Uncle Jim. I work at the marina to earn spending money. James does, too. He had to work today. That's why he couldn't come for ice cream.
—In that case, I'll be talking to your mom and dad about a little raise this week to fatten up that pay envelope. We'll take James tomorrow. Do you think that would be all right?
—I guess so. Why are we checking that woman out? Are we spying on her? Did you bring us on a stakeout? Are we on a secret assignment? Did I break the case? Do we need a secret signal to tell everyone we're all right?
The words tumbled out of Lily's mouth and my first thought was that she was watching too much television. It had to be the most exciting thing she'd done in a while. I looked at Maddie, hoping she'd take the initiative and cool Lily's jets. It wasn't to be.
—You know, Lily, sometimes we have to do things and we don't know why. This is one of those times. I don't know what's up, but now I have more information to add to the picture thanks to you.
—That's what my mom used to say when we were in Florida before I found Zelda and you and Allie rescued us.
Maddie went deep into thought as Lily's revelation added more information to the puzzle concerning my circle of friends. I think she was starting to find it all a little overwhelming.
—Do you have questions, Maddie? Now is the time.
—I think I'd like to know how Lily met Zelda.
Lily was okay with that.
—Then will you tell me where you found Max?
—You bet I will. Who's going first?
I herded the dogs into the shade under the umbrella and went for more ice cream. I didn't hear any complaints, and by the time I returned, Maddy was completely engrossed in Lily's tale. Lily only stopped talking long enough to spoon ice cream into her mouth. Finally, she halted, breathless and excited.
—All right, Maddie. It's your turn.
—My goodness. That was some story, Lily. Your Uncle Jim must have had his hands full to get you and your mom to safety.
—Well my father died, and we were in the van. You know. Living in it. And then Zelda— but I already told you all that.
Maddie took a breath and looked across the parking lot. I followed her gaze. The feds were gone, and so was our chance to follow them. Max settled in beside Lily, hoping to get a lick in on her ice cream. Zelda did the same, nuzzling my thigh and then, wanting to make sure she had my attention, she snorted. Instead of more ice cream, I scratched her. She rested her muzzle on my leg and looked up with sad brown eyes.
I never could resist a brown-eyed girl. I dipped a paddle into the ice cream and Zelda licked to her heart's content.
—Let's see—
Zoe must have felt sorry for Maddie now that Lily had taken over Max. In any case, Zoe was busy snuffling and poking and snorting until Maddie absentmindedly handed over a paddle for the dog to lick. Not content with that, Zoe sidled up to Maddie and kept leaning against her leg until a stray hand found an ear and she was happy.
—I think Zoe has adopted you, Maddie.
—I think you're right. I don't mind. I like her, too.
Maddie hesitated before smiling at Lily. She was getting ready to dive in and tell her how she ended up with Lilly's Max. Her Friday.
I was left to wonder why it took three feds to put their effort into Warren and Hank. The so called reporter was obviously one of them. Was there a reason Maddie and I had been detained on our way here? I was starting to think we would be next in line for a visit.





TWENTY-THREE


NOW THAT THE feds were out of sight but not out of mind, I sat back, anticipating Maddie's tale. Zelda was going to have to be happy with ear-scratching and petting. No way was I going to miss this to make another ice cream run.
—So you want to know how I ended up with your dog. Very well.
Maddie hesitated, I suspect more for effect than anything. Lily stared and waited with baited breath. She was petting up a storm with her Max, who was basking in the little girl's long-lost affection like the ham he was.
—It was a year or maybe a little more. I was driving across the panhandle. I just left my boyfriend of the past two years for good.
Maddie looked across the table at me.
—Don't ask why. That's another story.
She went on.
—I needed a break so I pulled into a rest area. I don't like to stop around strange vehicles when I'm traveling. I drove past all the cars to the end of the parking area.
She halted, remembering.
—Where was I? Oh yeah. I stopped. It was hotter than blazes. Went in and did my business and picked up a couple of water bottles for the drive.
She took a breath and went on.
—For some reason, I looked back. I discovered a big black dog following me to the car. His tail was wagging furiously. He was panting. So I tipped the bottle and let him have some water. He finished and snorted and woofed and followed me the rest of the way to the car.
She waited for encouragement from Lily.
—Then what happened.
Maddie smiled at the girl.
—Well, he plopped down on his rear at my driver's door. I couldn't open it. He wouldn't move. I went around to open the passenger door. I wanted to get back on the road. I didn't want to wait for a stubborn dog to move out of my way. He wasn't blocking the car. He was in the way of the door. He wouldn't let me open it.
—What happened when you opened the other door?
—Well, I didn't spot the devil until he was scrambling past my legs. He jumped into the passenger seat and sat down. He didn't even call shotgun.
Lily laughed.
—Oh Max, you are a sly one, aren't you?
—I looked for a tag. He didn't have a collar. Nothing. I called out for anyone who'd lost a dog. No one answered. No one seemed to be searching for a lost dog. I couldn't leave him there. I just couldn't, not in the heat, without water. And to top it off, it was Friday, thus the name.
I nudged Lily.
—It's a good thing it wasn't Saturday, right Lily?
—Or Wednesday, Uncle Jim. We thought he just ran off. Or got tired of all of us. Or maybe someone dog-napped him.
—I don't know. But I've had him for about a year. I bought some books and spent time training him to recognize my hand signals. And then I met Jim. And he took him to a vet because I didn't know when the dog had last been to one.
—That's when we found the tag, Lily.
—I'm glad you did. I was so worried he was out somewhere all alone with no one to love him.
—Well, I loved him. And now you have him back to love even more.
The black SUV chose that moment to pull into the motel parking lot across the street.
—Ladies, we have our subjects back. It's secret agent time.





TWENTY-FOUR


IT DIDN'T TAKE long to become bored watching cars across the road from the ice cream shop's patio. It was getting hot and the dogs were beginning to pant. I put the top up on the convertible and turned on the air. Lily called shotgun and her Max jumped in and stole the middle between us. I pulled into the street and headed for the marina.
The SUV charged out of the motel's lot and took up a position several car lengths behind us. We'd been made. I didn't tell Maddie, but only because I didn't want to alarm Lily. It took a moment before I changed my mind. Lily would have to know.
—Someone from the motel is following us. I'm expecting to get pulled over. If it comes to that, you're going to have to control the dogs. Understood, Lily?
—Oh yes, Uncle Jim. I'll look after them. I'll make them stay.
—It's important, Lily. You really have to control them, no matter what happens. And here's the lights.
Maddie and Lily turned around to look.
—Blue lights. Are you going to pull over, Uncle Jim?
—I have to, Lily. It's the law.
—All right. I'll look after the dogs.
Lily began talking to Max beside her, and then to the dogs in the back. Zelda and Zoe perked up their ears and even Maddie paid attention. I know because she winked at me in the mirror.
To get out of traffic I turned in at the first mini-mall and shut off the engine.
—Lily, put your hands on the dashboard. Do exactly what the nice policeman says. You know the drill, Maddie.
I gripped the wheel and wondered why they were putting us through this exercise in futility. Lily's voice called out.
—Max. Zelda. Zoe.
Dog ears perked up when they heard Lily's commanding tone.
—Sit. Stay.
As though their ears were riveted to the girls voice, they did exactly that. No snuffling. No shifting. No barking. Tails stopped wagging.
—Good girl, Zelda, Good girl, Zoe. Good boy, Max.
It was all she had time to say.
—Sir, would you get out of the car?
I had one last thing to say to Lily and Maddie, but it was mostly for Lily's sake.
—Ladies, keep your hands in plain sight, on the dash or the seat back, okay?
I rolled my eyes at Maddie in the mirror and got out. I made sure to keep my own hands in sight.
—Is there something you need, boys? My friends and I just floated a vat of ice cream and we need to get home to use the facilities.
The agent pulled aside his jacket to float the piece on his hip. Maybe he wished he'd had time for ice cream, too.
—There's no need for that. You know who I am. In fact, you know who everyone is, don't you?
I didn't give him a chance to get a word out.
—In fact, your little reporter trick a couple of days ago didn't go so well, did it? I heard she didn't get so much as a yes or no for her troubles.
His eye ticked, giving him away.
—Yeah, I thought so. I spotted her across from the ice cream shop. You never figured on that. If it wasn't for the huge vehicles you types like to parade around in, I would never have seen her in that mini-car. And just so you know, it was the little girl sitting in the front seat that made her.
I stopped there. I still wasn't sure what they wanted with us. If they wanted anything but to intimidate. That wasn't going so good, though. I was quite pleased with myself for that.
—So then, if there's nothing you want, and if you're finished intimidating women and children and three dogs, I'll be on my way. It's that, or tell us why we're being detained.
In the background I heard Maddie chuckle.
—The dogs won't talk. Any one of the humans might if you sweat us hard enough. I'd start with Lily, the girl in the front seat. She's the youngest and the most vulnerable.
Maddie's chuckle turned into a loud laugh. Even Lily was giggling. The uncomfortable red face in front of me backed off and turned to walk back to his giant vehicle and it's blinking blues.
—Can I get back in my car now, agent?
I waited for him to climb in and pull out into traffic.
—That went rather well even if I do say so myself. Let's get home. What do you say to that, girls and dogs?
Lily took it all in stride.
—Uncle Jim, I'd never break under questioning. I learned that from TV. And now we all know our secret Okay sign, too.
I think she was pleased as punch knowing she had been on a stakeout with her Uncle Jim and Aunt Maddie. She got out of the car, held a finger to her lips, and did a Shh. I couldn't fault her for a thing.





TWENTY-FIVE


OUR IMPROMPTU ICE cream party would have been a success but for getting pulled over and threatened with an uninvolved little girl in the car. It didn't put me in a good frame of mind.
My crew scattered as soon as I pulled into the marina lot. I made for the dock, hoping to find Warren. I had plenty of questions now that I knew the reporter he'd warned me about was working with the feds, or more likely, for them. Instead, I found both men.
—Are you two going to tell me what the hell is going on? Or am I going to have to sweat it out of you?
The men exchanged worried glances. I kept going.
—You already know Maddie and I were shanghaied in that excuse for a town. I witnessed your argument with those men on the wharf. I texted the plate on the SUV in the parking lot to a cop in the big city.
I was going for the fear factor.
—When the results come back, what three-letter agency is it going to be? ATF? DEA? Something else? What's going on? Who wants to spill the beans?
I fired off the questions as fast as I could. I didn't want to be interrupted. Warren looked down at the ground like a guilty person before replying.
—The ATF—
Hank held up a hand.
—Warren. We were told not to or else.
—I don't care. They've been hassling us for weeks. It's gone on long enough, Hank. It's time Jim knew. He's in the middle of it anyway.
—If Allie finds out, or Erica, we'll both be in trouble, and you know it.
I couldn't believe what I was hearing.
—You two wouldn't know, but I'm this far from telling Allie what I know, and what I suspect. If she wasn't as big as a house, I'd have done it already. So like I asked, who wants to be first?
Allie chose that moment to begin to climb the hill. Given her advanced state of pregnancy, she wasn't in a hurry. It took effort, but she made it under duress.
—Who's as big as a house? If you know what's good for you, Nash, you'll keep it to yourself.
A very pregnant Allie waddled to a chair, released a long sigh, and sat down.
—Ohh, that feels so good. My back is killing me.
Warren appeared relieved that his fiancée had appeared. He couldn't be forced to tell more.
—Are you sure you're going to make it to our wedding day, honey? Maybe we should do it early, just in case.
—Not on your life. It's in two days or nothing. And you can take that to the minister. Are you guys coming down to join us?
—We'll be there in a few minutes, Allie. I've been trading war stories with the menfolk.
—Well, the menfolk better get their butts in gear or the womenfolk will have words to share. All right?
Allie pushed herself out of the chair and groaned.
—I'm never doing this again, Warren.
—I told you, dear. You do the first nine months and I'll do the next five years.
I was pretty certain Warren was nuts to promise that, but what did I know about raising a kid? I could barely look after myself. I farmed Zelda out to Lily and James.
—You're a good man, Warren. I could never do it.
Hank had his own experience to relate.
—I'm doing it now with my adopted daughter and son, and they're a lot older. I'm thinking Warren is going to eat those words after sitting up nights for a month with a crying baby.
Allie smiled like an angel and struggled down the hill. I waited until she was at the bottom. 
—All right, you two. It's time.
Hank began reluctantly.
—It's the ATF. They want us to run guns for them.
—To who?
—To boats offshore. They won't tell us more than that.
—Mexico.
—Most likely. We keep telling them no. They don't take no for an answer. They're threatening to seize the business if we don't do as they ask. Except it's gone beyond asking. They're telling us what to do.
—And those were the two on the dock?
—Yes.
—The reporter is one of them. I caught them meeting at the motel across from an ice cream shop. They must have found out somehow that I was showing up. Why else would we have been hauled off to a small-town jail?
—Could be. We don't know what to do, Jim. The pressure is getting to us. If Allie finds out we're doing their bidding, she'll kill us.
—That better not be the only reason you're playing hard to get.
—It isn't. But it's a pretty good one.
—You two go down and join the rest of them. I'm going to stay up here and think on it for a bit. If they ask, tell them I'll be down in a while.
It wasn't long before all three dogs showed up to help we watch the sun setting over the bay. Zelda took up her familiar position at my feet, and Friday and Zoe were on either side of her.
The dogs were good company, but I couldn't ask them for advice. I had to come up with a solution all by myself.





TWENTY-SIX


I LEFT MADDIE in the trailer and took up my spot on the ground with my back against the tree. A gentle breeze played a song on the leaves. Before long good old Zelda ambled up the hill to sit with me. I stroked her neck and scratched at an ear. She sighed and looked at me.
—Do you miss Lucy, Zelda? Do you miss her?
Her ears perked up at the sound of the woman's name.
—I know, Zelda. You miss Lucy too. I'm sorry. It's my fault.
As though in sympathy she nuzzled me with a cold nose. She snuffled and stretched out, resting against my outstretched legs. We looked out over the water together, as though expecting someone, anyone, to show up.
—Lucy isn't coming back, Zelda. She's gone for good.
Zelda snuffled and Maddie chose that instant to join us on the grass.
—I thought I heard you out here. What are two old dogs talking about under the shade tree?
—We were just having words about an old friend. I think she still misses her. Her ears perked up when I said her name.
Zoe and Friday came trotting up the hill with Lily and James in tow to join me.
—Hi Uncle Jim. I missed the stakeout. I was working.
Lily looked at me and held a finger to her lips. I figured they shared secrets. I didn't admonish her.
—You did. It was more by accident than anything else that it became a stakeout. We stopped for ice cream, and there they were, across the street. Tomorrow on your day off you and I are going for ice cream.
—Can we bring Zelda? Did you miss her? I've been looking after her like you asked. Lily takes care of her, too.
—You've been doing a good job. Both of you. It seems even Zoe looks out for her.
Lily and James exchanged glances. I pretended not to notice.
—She likes being under the tree in the evening. She looks out over the water like she's waiting for someone. If it starts to get dark, Zoe comes up and they come home together.
—I explained to Zelda just a few minutes ago. That's my fault. The person she's waiting for won't be coming back.
I didn't want to say Lucy's name, probably as much for me as for Zelda.
—Are you going to be taking Zelda with you when you go?
I looked at him, surprised that he would think that.
—No, James. I'm not. Zelda is happy here. I don't think she'd like the city. She likes you and Lily, too. And Zoe is good company. Now that Max is back, she has him for a friend, too.
There was almost an audible sigh shared by Lily and James. James cheered up considerably. I think Lily was wondering, too, because she seemed to relax as well.
—Are you happy to hear that?
Two nodding heads gave me my answer.
—Good.
I got the impression that Lily and James were two peas in the same pod. They seemed to get along well. The both liked the dogs and the dogs liked them. They were earning their allowance by doing chores around the marina. I had found a good home for Kara's son, James, with Erica, the woman's sister. I couldn't be happier for them.
—I'm going to sit here with Maddie for a while. Maybe the dogs will stay, too. Why don't you go down and ask everyone if they'd like Uncle Jim to pick up some takeout? I do requests.
The kids wandered off and the dogs stayed behind. I got the feeling Zoe and Max were showing support for their wistful friend and mother, Zelda. She really did miss Lucy.
I sighed, and Zelda sighed, and Maddie stood up.
—You four are turning into a pity party.
—Get back down here. You're part of the family now, like it or not.
—I'll get some water for the old dogs under the tree. Don't go anywhere.
I was feeling sorry for myself, and Maddie knew it. The dogs sensed it and sympathized, too.
—I'll have a ginger ale if you can find one. Are you going to come with us tomorrow?
—I wouldn't miss it for the world.





TWENTY-SEVEN


MADDIE AND I stepped out of the trailer into bright sunshine and growing late-morning heat. The humidity would come later. James and the dogs waited patiently in the shade beneath the tree.
—Let's get a move on, dogs and people. We're burning daylight.
—We're ready, Uncle Jim. Zelda wanted to wake you up, but I wouldn't let her.
I smiled down at James and messed his hair. Zelda huffed and woofed and nosed my legs to get me moving in the direction of the car.
—Look who wants to go for a car ride.
Zelda woofed again and James called shotgun for Max to get up front while he jumped in the back with Zelda and Zoe.
—I have a sneaking suspicion you're being spied on, dear. Lily isn't the only one.
—Oh, I suspected that since I arrived with Friday. It's all right. I don't mind. I'm kind of enjoying it, actually. It's fun. But don't you dare tell them I'm on to them, shamus.
—Who wants the top down?
Everyone barked but the people. I lowered the top, powered down the windows, and we were off. In back, doggie heads hung out of the car while the male passenger grinned like a banshee.
—Are you enjoying this, James?
—I sure am. I couldn't have a better day off, Uncle Jim. Do you think I could talk my dad into getting a car like this?
—Well, it never hurts to ask.
I pulled into the ice cream parlor and dogs and people headed for the window. The dogs, after their feast yesterday, knew the way and beat us to it.
—I don't think I've ever had ice cream in the morning, Uncle Jim.
—Well, your mom and dad don't need to know everything, do they, James? As a responsible adult, I say blame the dogs.
That got me a dirty look from Maddie and a great big grin from the boy.
—I won't tell.
He placed a finger to his lips and made the same Shh Lily made.
—Vanilla for the dogs. The two-legged variety can have whatever you want.
James laughed and reached into his pocket. His hand came out with a twenty.
—My treat, everyone.
A surprised Maddie wouldn't allow it.
—James. You don't have to do that. It's our treat since you couldn't come yesterday.
—But I want to. This is why I get an allowance. I can spend it on whatever I want.
—You work hard for it. Let us treat you.
Reluctantly, he replaced the money in his pocket.
—Okay, but don't tell Lily how cheap I was.
Maddie mouthed her own Shh.
—We won't, I promise.
The rest of them returned to the benches beneath the umbrella. I ordered last and on my walk to join them I happened to look across the street to check out the motel.
—Maddie. Is that Hank's car over there?
She shaded her eyes for a look. James was busy putting out the bowls for the dogs.
—I'm not sure. I don't think I've seen it.
I witnessed Hank exit the car and hurry towards a room. What was he doing there? Was he on his way to finalizing a deal of some sort? I didn't see Warren. He had to be out of the loop.
—Something isn't right. I'm going across the street. Keep James and the dogs here, please.
Zelda made to follow me across the street. Maddie called to her, but just like a woman with a mind of her own, Zelda wouldn't listen. I halted at the curb and kneeled.
—Zelda.
Her ears perked up.
—You're too old to be crossing the street without a leash. Go back and sit with James. Now. Zelda, go to James.
She stuck a cold ice-cream nose against my chin and let out an annoyed snort before hanging her head. Stubborn as she was, she sat down and wouldn't move. I pretended I didn't notice Zoe come for her. She gave Zelda a nudge with her nose and Zelda got up on all fours.
—Good girl, Zelda. Go with Zoe.
I waited for Zoe to lead Zelda back to the fold. The old girl turned her head to me, but she ended up waddling in the direction of the waiting ice cream bowl, led by Zoe. She had deserted it to be with me.
James called to her and both dogs quickened their pace.
—Good girl, Zelda. Your ice cream is waiting.
I took a look in Hank's unlocked car. It offered no clues. I approached the door to the room and listened. Muted voices. Two men and a woman. I couldn't make out anything. No one was yelling this time. Perhaps Hank had reconciled himself to accepting the obvious and was going along with whatever they wanted.
On the other hand, I wasn't satisfied in the slightest. I retraced my steps and rejoined the ice cream party. Zelda's wet nose found my hand, as though saying, See, I could have gone with you after all. I reached to scratch beneath her chin and I think she almost grinned.
—Zelda is glad you're here, Uncle Jim. She's following you everywhere.
—Well, we do have a past, James. I missed her something terrible when I asked you to take care of her. I didn't know if I'd see her ever again. I kind of like sitting with her under the tree. It's cool and quiet there in the evening.
James went all serious.
—Are you sure you won't be taking Zelda when you leave? I know you already said no, but—
I didn't hesitate. I didn't want him to think I was considering it. Especially now if what I suspected about Zelda was true.
—No. Zelda is your dog now, James. We're just renewing our acquaintance. I'm enjoying spending time with her again after all these years.
It was the second time I saw James almost rejoice knowing I wouldn't be taking Zelda away. I collected our trash and prepared to leave.
—Did I ever tell you how I met Zelda?
Maddie pretended she didn't hear, but I wasn't fooled. Her ears perked up kind of like Zelda's did when I mentioned Lucy.





TWENTY-EIGHT


I STILL DIDN'T know what I was going to do about the feds encroaching on Allie's business. Spotting Hank on his own visiting the hotel told me Warren had been left out of the loop. Hank must have realized that Warren would keep me apprised of the situation against his wishes.
While it really wasn't any of my business, my curiosity had been piqued. The shouting match I witnessed on the wharf couldn't be good, seeing as how it was going down on Allie's wedding weekend.
Hank had his problems with drugs in the past. His addiction almost cost him the family business. He got through it thanks to his sister, Allie. She brought me in. I convinced him doing back-to-backs in rehab would cure his ills, although I suppose it came to more than that. I never let on to Allie. All that mattered was that the man finally got clean.
I wanted to bide my time and wait for the right moment to confront Hank and Warren. I figured both of them needed the pep-talk, seeing as how Warren was about to become part of the family. The problem was, I didn't know what my pep talk should entail.
Warren was avoiding me. I suppose he was within his rights, seeing as how he might think he was stealing Allie away from me. The truth was, Allie and I parted company a long time ago. He'd even sent me the rings in the big city to get them properly engraved, for crying out loud. I was happy for the guy. I was happy for both of them.
Reluctant as Maddie had been to accompany me to the wedding, she could see that whatever Allie and I once had was over and done with. I was glad Allie pulled her aside and cleared things up.
At least, that's what I assumed they talked about, since Maddie ended up staying in the trailer. She ended up volunteering to take on some of Allie's wedding duties, too. Given that the poor woman was due any day now, she was grateful. If Allie made it to her wedding day without giving birth, I'd be surprised.
So here I was, back at square one. I loaded the crew into the car for the ride home.
—Did everyone get enough ice cream?
From the back seat, a cold nose hit my neck as I knew it would.
—James. Was that you? Is that your way of saying you want more?
Zelda traded her nose for her tongue and licked my ear. James laughed. A smiling Maddie took my hand in hers.
—No, Uncle Jim. That was Zelda.
I took us home and wandered down to the dock to see what I could see.





TWENTY-NINE


I FOUND WARREN at the end of the wharf, swabbing the deck on a company sailboat. He whistled a random tune to the back-and-forth motion of the mop. He saw me approaching and waved.
—How was the ice cream?
—Everybody seemed happy to get there and happy to leave with full stomachs. You know, you can pay someone to do that.
He dipped the mop into the bucket.
—Well, I could, but it keeps me humble. Lily and James don't need to be cleaning up someone else's puke, even if they are getting an allowance to do it.
—You've come a long way, old friend. Who would have known all those years ago when Allie commented on your abs.
I grinned up at him.
—You didn't know then, of course. Did she ever tell you?
I always wondered if she had. 
—No, she didn't. Is there a story there you shouldn't be telling?
—Yes, there is, and no, not now. I'm going to wait until my speech as your best man.
—I could cancel that.
—You could, but then you'd have to deal with the wrath of Allie. And probably Erica and Maddie by now, don't you know. Plus, I still have the rings somewhere in the trailer.
—Yeah. The women didn't waste any time bonding with your latest. That's a good thing as far as I'm concerned.
—You don't know how close it was, Warren. I was phone shopping for a hotel when Maddie finally conceded and told me she'd stay in the trailer.
—Surely you know by now Allie can talk anyone into doing what she wants. She does it in such a nice way most people don't even realize it.
I had to agree. I knew from experience with the woman.
—You know Maddie is going to be maid of honor, right?
It was my turn to be surprised. Strange that she hadn't mentioned it.
—Well. Now I know. I must be out of the loop. That's why she's been taking the car and sneaking off. I was worried she'd found someone with better abs than mine.
Warren finished his deck swabbing and stepped onto the dock. I couldn't put it off any longer, yet I didn't want to belabor the point, considering we'd already talked it out.
—Are you sure there's nothing else going on with the feds? You didn't leave anything out, did you?
—What men?
Now I knew for sure there was something to it.
—The two men you and Hank were arguing with the other day. During the breakfast. On the dock.
Did Warren think I was so dense I'd forgotten our talk? I waited for his reaction. It was long in coming as he looked out over the water. That seemed to be a thing here. The dogs did it, too.
—Oh, those two. Didn't we deal with that already? I'm going to have to ask Hank if it's all right to talk about it with you when he isn't around. It's his business.
—His and Allie's, both. You'll no doubt join them in it at some point after the wedding. It's not wise to keep secrets from the people you love. Just ask me.
—I know. I remember how tight you were wound when Kara showed at the resort.
—So what are you going to do about it?
He considered before answering.
—I left it to Hank to handle.
So that's why Hank was alone at the motel.
—Is he capable of dealing with those types on his own?
Warren looked surprised.
—On his own? What do you mean? Who says they're feds, anyway?
I just had it confirmed.
—It's my job, remember? Former cop, now a private detective. There's two of us here that fit half of that description. Maddie is a PI, too.
I waited, wanting him to think I knew more than I did. I was hoping he might reveal something I could use.
—So what's going on? You want to tell me, or do you want to tell Allie?
I hated doing it this way, but I had him now. I also didn't want Allie to end up getting hurt in a business she had dug out of drug debt using her very own abilities. No thanks to her brother.
Warren, perhaps sensing my reluctance to board a sailboat, gestured for me to follow him to one of their cigarettes.
—Climb aboard, Jim. It's time, I guess.





THIRTY


WARREN PUNCHED THE button to engage the fans and waited before firing up the powerful engines. I cast off. He handed me a vest before donning his own and steering us past the breakwater. Once on the outside, he firewalled the throttles. Engines roared to life and propelled the bow to bang against the waves until he worked it onto the step. We were off.
Wind whistled past the cockpit, making it difficult to talk. So I waited. Warren must have started to feel guilty. It wasn't long before he throttled back to a more reasonable speed. The roaring engines quieted.
—Talk, Warren. We've been friends through thick and thin too long for you to clam up now. Especially when Allie's business is on the line.
Warren didn't look happy that I'd shanghaied him, but he was the one who invited me out on the water. He'd essentially shanghaied himself.
—What's going on? What were those men doing?
—They're feds. You already know that. ATF.
—What does the ATF want with the business?
—They started coming around four or five weeks ago. I noticed people coming and going. Different cars. Those SUVs, too. Men and women. Dark glasses. They didn't look like foreigners. I didn't know what to make of it. One day when I was out taking a look—
—So you went investigating on your own?
—Yeah, well, I wanted to know who they were and why they were lined up to look over the business. With two kids running free-range you can't be sure any more, you know? The dogs were here, but Zelda is getting old. Zoe belongs to Lily and James, but she's only one dog.
I had to give him points for trying.
—I confronted them. That's when they flashed badges and loaded me into one of those black SUVs for a talk.
I was betting he didn't like what they had to say. I waited for him to go on.
—I was smart enough to tell Hank about it. He insisted that Allie not know. And before you jump on me, I know. I should have told her, but with the pregnancy and everything else, I didn't want to upset her. She works just as hard as the rest of us, harder perhaps. Too hard with a baby on the way. She won't stand down.
I wanted to tell the man he was a dumbass for not telling the woman he was about to marry and would soon be having his child. I bit my tongue. I wanted him to keep talking. When he didn't, I pushed.
—What do they want, Warren?
While I waited, I thought about everything in my past that led up to this moment. All the DEA bull crap I went through. A crooked agent. Dead agents. Work in Mexico. Mostly it did me no good, other than a fat payday at the end of it all. How would I get that through to Warren?
When he didn't respond, I pushed again.
—What did they offer? They must have offered something for your cooperation. What was it?





THIRTY-ONE


WARREN IGNORED ME. He pretended to fuss with the throttles before pushing them forward. He executed a wide turn and ended up aiming the cigarette for the breakwater. Nothing had been resolved.
Allie was my concern. The baby was due any minute. If things went well, she'd be out of the hospital in a day or two. If not, maybe a little longer.
How long would Hank and Warren be able to put off the feds? If Warren was doing his job, he'd be there with Allie and the baby in the hospital.
Which meant Hank would be the one to do the deal. Was that why I'd seen him at the motel on his own? Why was he so hell-bent on meeting with the agents? Was time running out on a deadline?
But exactly what would the deal entail? The feds wouldn't tell me anything. In fact, they were probably a party to the chickenshit crap that went down when Maddie and I got hauled in. Who else but a showoff sheriff would throw people in jail without cause unless he was trying to make points with someone?
So there it was. I was back to Hank. And Erica. And Lily. And James. Allie, too. The business. Was Hank going to jeopardize everything a second time? And if he was, what were the feds holding over him? I had to find out before it was too late.
Then it came to me. Like a flash of lightning landing too close for comfort and with no warning. How they knew I'd be driving out to the wedding. How they knew to call in a favor with a podunk sheriff. Wanting to delay me long enough that they could pressure Hank to do their bidding. Knowing I'd never go along and would talk him out of it if I found out.
Because whoever was heading up this deal knew I'd get wind of it. Knew I'd never let Allie and Hank go for it. Knew I had the means to put a stop to it. Knew not to approach Allie.
Time was running out for everyone. The wedding was tomorrow. I didn't have time to finesse a deal. I'd be on the hook for my own deal. The feds wouldn't be happy to have me insert myself into their deal to make it mine.
Tough love. I was feted to be the tough part of it.
Now that I had a solution to my liking, I relaxed and enjoyed what was left of the boat ride. I helped Warren tie off and made for the trailer and the tree. I sat down, put my back against it, and waited for the usual suspects to show up.
Before long, Zelda waddled up the hill with her nose to the ground, sniffing at the flowers along the way.
—Hello, old girl. Up here to keep an eye on things, are you?
I rubbed and scratched and allowed her to put her cold nose wherever she wanted. Her tail wagged furiously. She snuffled and nudged and scratched my leg with a paw and generally told me how much she missed me. I didn't mind. I missed her, too. I let her know with my own scratching and rubbing and petting and everything else I could do. She seemed satisfied, and settled in beside me on her stomach. Together we looked out over the bay.
After a suitable time, Zoe followed, as if to check up on Zelda. Max trailed behind. They settled in beside the queen of the litter and mimicked her behavior.
—Well look at all you old dogs.
It was Maddie joining us, and I asked the question that had been bothering me for a while.
—What do you make of Zelda? Do you think she's having trouble seeing?
At the sound of her name, the dog nudged me. I acknowledged her by reaching for an ear and scratching, and she was happy.
—I didn't want to say anything. Perhaps Lily knows more. Or James. Why don't you ask them? They've been taking care of her. Maybe they didn't want to tell you. They know how much you love her.
It was true. I missed Zelda. I didn't know if it was because of Lucy and how I met the two of them. Then Maddie showed up with Friday and it filled two empty spots in my heart.
—Did I tell you how much I'm glad you're here?
—Is this another pity party for old dogs and men?
—Maybe. Don't old dogs deserve pity and love?
Before she could answer Lily and James scurried up the hill. If I was going to ask, now would be the time. I jumped in with flailing arms and legs.
—Lily, have you noticed anything strange about Zelda lately
Zelda's ears perked up on hearing her name. Lily looked at James with a guarded expression. I caught his nod of assent and waited. They reached to pet Zelda before responding.
—Well, Zelda is a good girl, Uncle Jim. 
Zelda's tail flailed the grass when she heard Lily say her name.
—She misses you, but you know that now.
It was true. I missed Zelda just as much. As if to confirm it, Zelda met my hand with her cold, wet nose and snuffled. I rubbed her and she lowered her head.
—When she's in the house she moves really really slow. She bumps into things sometimes. Not enough to hurt her, but still—
James stretched out beside Zelda and began petting her. Her cold nose found his neck and he laughed and Zelda was content to find him beside her.
—We try not to move anything so she can find her way around. We want her to be safe. Everyone knows. We all look out for her. We all take care of her, Uncle Jim.
I scratched Zelda's neck, more for my own comfort, and she stretched out beside me like an old dog should, relaxed and comfortable in her own right.
—I noticed when we were having ice cream. She didn't find her bowl right away. Zoe helped her, didn't she?
—Yes. Zoe takes the best care of her. She's always looking out for Zelda. James does too, Uncle Jim. So do I. Sometimes when it gets dark and Zelda hasn't come down the hill Zoe comes up to get her.
I could hardly talk.
—She leads her.
—Yes.
My voice wavered.
—Zelda has a good home here with all of you to look out for her.
—Well yes but we think she misses you.
—I miss her, too. Maybe she can stay in the trailer with us tonight. What do you think, Maddie? Would you mind?
I looked around, but she had already wandered off to the end of the dock. She was with Allie. The two women were deep in conversation.





THIRTY-TWO


I KNEW WHAT I didn't want to know. Zelda was going blind. Of course she was. The poor girl had grown old missing the people she loved the most, and it was my fault.
It only made it worse when she followed Maddie to the bedroom. Zelda sat down at the head of the bed and stuck her head over, resting it on the mattress. She was checking to see if I was really there. It was something she used to do with Lucy when we were together.
—Are you two all right? Do I need to get her anything?
Maddie was trying to cheer me up.
—No, she'll be fine. She'll wander over to your side of the bed and do the same thing before the lights go out. If she can even see the light.
—In that case I'm flattered.
—I might end up on your side of the bed, too.
But I didn't. Zelda came back to my side. I reached a hand to her and scratched and petted and she snuffled and finally settled on the floor. It was time to talk to Maddie about what was going on.
—I hear you're the maid of honor. Does that have anything to do with staying in the trailer?
Sheets rustled and she settled beside me in the dark. Zelda snuffled and I reached for her, wanting to reassure her.
—What's going on with the business, Jim? What do those men want?
—Well, it's the ATF, so it must have something to do with arms. I don't think they want the outfit to run bootleg whiskey or cigarettes for them.
—Did Boyle ever get back to you about the plate number on the SUV?
I had forgotten about that.
—He did. It's registered to a non-existent address in the city. Probably proceeds of crime. It's how feds end up with a lot of their vehicles.
—Why would they want the business? Who would they be running arms to?
—The Mexicans.
But to what purpose? Mexico had more firearms than it could handle, and they were in the hands of the cartels. That included the police and military. What's one more weapon when you already have more than you need?
It would be cash. Hard cash. Was someone on the take and wanting to use the marina business as a cover?
I checked the time. Past midnight. Allie's wedding was today. Would I be able to come up with a solution to a problem she didn't know she had? And where would Warren and Hank fit into the equation?
I reached for Zelda. She nuzzled my hand, and, content that I was there for her, sighed and settled in beside the bed one more time. I was content that she was there for me, too.





THIRTY-THREE


MADDIE SLIPPED OUT of bed quietly, trying not to disturb me. That went out the window when the panic in her shrill voice came through.
—I have a million things to do. I can't sleep all morning.
I raised an eyelid. The bedroom was still dark until she flipped on a light.
—Woman, it's not daylight. You're scaring Zelda. Worse, you're scaring me.
I reached to comfort Zelda and found her cold, wet nose. She gave me a lick in an attempt to do the same and we were mollified—a mutual admiration society of two. I pulled the covers over my head and wished I could do the same for Zelda. Then I remembered she probably couldn't recognize the light Maddie turned on.
—You might not want to stay in bed when you remember you have something to do before the magic happens.
What the heck was she going on about? I closed my eyes and lowered the covers. Already she was making for the shower. I mumbled and tried to ignore the commotion.
—The feds. Remember that? You're going to fix it. Or are you going NATO?
What was this woman going on about now?
—What does a treaty have anything to do with anything, especially a wedding?
—NATO. No action, talk only. Get it in gear, buster. It's go time for you. Do you remember where you put the rings? Where's your good suit? Did you remember to bring it? Did you unpack it, or is it still in your bag all wrinkled. Are your shoes shined? Did you bring a tie, at least? A white shirt? Do I have to do everything for you?
—Would you like to aim the lamp in my eyes?
Following the third degree, Maddie hauled out my bag and hefted it onto the bed.
—Just as I thought. I have to do everything around here. I swear, if I had stayed at home you'd be trying to fish wrinkled clothes out of a backpack with nothing in it.
—We'll go fishing later, honey.
I reached for Zelda again.
—Good dog, Zelda. Don't let the crazy person upset you just because she's trying to upset me.
Maddie was doing a good job of that. It got even better when she came out of the shower and found me still in bed.
—Nash. Get you rear end out of bed. It's time to greet the world. You don't have a tie. I checked.
The woman had no idea what time it was. She'd completely lost it.
—There's no store open yet, Maddie. I'll get dressed and go pick one up just for you. What else do we need, now that you've got me going to a mall?
—I don't need anything. It's you who needs a tie. Take Zelda with you. She'll enjoy the outing.
I wasn't so sure about that, although she did want to try crossing the street with me. Perhaps it would be good for her after all. It would give me an opportunity to see for myself how the dog's vision had deteriorated.
—Yes, dear. I'm on it.
But I wasn't. I was thinking about how I was going to get Hank and Warren out of their dilemma. With the wedding only hours away, I was going to have to—
—Maddie?
—What now?
She was obviously annoyed.
—When's the rehearsal?
—There is no rehearsal. Allie was too exhausted and pregnant to have one. You should show up for the meetings instead of wandering off with kids and dogs for ice cream.
Hadn't she been there with me? Women. I'd never understand a one of them.
—Yes, dear. I understand.
Oftentimes I worked a lot of mileage from those four words. It seemed to work this time, too. Maddie opened the closet door and took out her maid of honor dress. It was stunning, and she wasn't even in it yet. Now the problem became one of telling her immediately, or later, when she had it on. I decided to keep my trap shut.
—Give me five more minutes. Zelda needs her sleep. She's old.





THIRTY-FOUR


I DIDN'T HEAR the door slam. Or maybe I did. I couldn't remember. When next I checked the time, it was daylight-thirty and the malls would open in oh crap it was open. I ran through the shower. Found a bowl of food for Zelda. Watered her. Leashed up and walked her to do her business.
By the time we made it to the car, it was too close to noon and I was going to go down hard if I didn't get back in time to give the bride away. Whatever was going on with the business and the feds would take a back seat when Maddie and Allie were finished with me. Not to mention what Warren would do to his best man if I didn't show.
I rushed to the trailer. Changed into suit and pants and shirt and shoes. Checked my reflection in the mirror. Damn but I still had it. I'd look good standing beside Maddie in her maid of honor dress. Provided I made the wedding, that is.
—Come on, Zelda. It's time. You're going to have to wait in the car. I know it's not proper. Maybe we'll figure something out on the way.
I ended up taking Zelda into the mall on her leash. To an onlooker she was a gray-muzzled, slow old dog waddling serenely along. She was a draw for the little ones as they screamed and pointed and tugged at their mothers' arms wanting a closer look. Zelda seemed to enjoy the attention, and I didn't mind. I checked the time. Still plenty left to get to the wedding.
We located the store. I found a tie with the help of a salesman who took time to admire a regal Zelda. I let her sniff the tie and she smiled a doggie smile and allowed the salesman to stroke her neck and rub her ears.
—Good girl, Zelda. That's the one. We need one for you now.
 I spotted a fancy silk bandanna. It was a perfect match for Maddie's maid of honor dress. I tied it around Zelda's neck and she shoved her cold nose under my chin and licked my neck.
—You're a pretty girl, Zelda.
She perked up and snuffled and held her tail high and pranced as much as the leash would allow.
—You'll look pretty standing with Zoe and Max beside Maddie. You'll be the belle of the ball.
I paid and made for the exit. She pranced happily with me in tow.
—Lily and James are going to be surprised to see you in your new bandanna. I wish Lucy was here to see you.
At the sound of the woman's name Zelda's ears perked up and she looked up at me. I knew immediately it was a mistake. Zelda's pace quickened and she pranced ahead as far as her leash would allow. She wanted to get home to see Lucy. I thought I just might die knowing how disappointed she was going to be.
We were on our way to passing the food court when I recognized them. They were leaning in, deep in muffled conversation. They didn't see me, but I saw them.





THIRTY-FIVE


I HALTED MID-STEP. Zelda kept going. She tugged at the leash, reluctant to be interrupted in her quest for home. I directed her to the food court, albeit a little slower than I wanted. I sat down with the duo and Zelda settled in beside me and nudged my thigh.
I knew right away I had the advantage when the two ATF men sat back and swore my name.
—Nash. What are you doing here? What do you want? Do you think that blind old dog is going to save your ass?
I was good until they called Zelda old and blind. That they'd called her a dog didn't bother me. That's what she was. It told me they'd had the business under surveillance for quite a while.
—Gentlemen, you can insult me all you want, but I draw the line at calling my dog old and blind. Zelda could whip both your asses and all three of us know it.
Zelda chose that moment to bark loudly. It surprised the agents and they eyed her warily.
—See? Even she knows. Now here's what I know.
I paused to be sure I had their attention.
—I know you had me set up with that podunk police department in hillbilly heaven.
Their eyes widened but they remained silent.
—Obviously, you had me under surveillance. I'm not stupid, boys. Neither is Lily. You remember her, don't you? She's the little girl who made your agent posing as a reporter.
They looked at each other and turned red.
—Yeah, I'd be embarrassed knowing that, too. Wait until it gets out. You'll be a laughingstock. I'm betting the emails will be flying with plenty of memes.
I waited to let it sink in.
—You've had Allie's business under surveillance for quite a while.
They raised their hands to object.
—How stupid do you think I am? How else would you know Zelda was blind? Are you people so dense that you don't think other people are aware of what you're doing? Who's in charge of this op? Why do you want to use a business cover to run arms to Mexico? Who's on the take? Is it someone you know? Is it only the three of you? If that's the case, you've got to be awfully stupid to think you can get away with it.
Now they were paying attention.
—Gentlemen, I'm here to advise you to lay off Allie's business. Be sure to repeat that to your little lady, too. We all had a meeting and the decision was made to ignore you. You will go away, leave the business and the owners in peace forevermore, never to return.
That drew looks of incredulity that I'd been so audacious.
—You heard right. Stay away. And you can tell Diana Holbrook I said so. Capiche?
I swatted away a raised hand.
—Listen to me. You will never set foot on that property again. If I ever find out you have, whether it's true or not, I'll reveal the names of every individual at the ATF, DEA, FBI and any other three-letter organization I can think of that I've ever worked with or for. I'll call in every favor I know and then some. And just so you know, I have plenty owing.
They sat back in their chairs, not yet comprehending.
—I'll reveal your names, too. I'll write reports. I'll talk to TV news. I'll call every reporter I know and talk. I'll talk so much they'll wish I never knew them.
It was my turn to sit back in my chair.
—Do. You. Understand?
I didn't give them a chance to respond. Zelda and I had a wedding to attend.
—Come on, girl. It's time.





THIRTY-SIX


ZELDA TOOK THE lead as we headed for the exit. She pranced ahead, knowing she was going home, stretching the leash as far as she could. I didn't call her to heel. At the car I knelt in front of her and ran my hand down her side.
—Zelda, you are a pretty girl with your bandanna.
She licked my face. Her tail wagged furiously.
—You have to stay here. Zelda. Stay. I'll be right back. Stay.
She sat on her haunches and licked my hand. I trotted off to retrace our steps in time to encounter the two agents. As I suspected, they were exiting the mall, on their way to following me to the car.
—Not so fast in that fancy suit, Nash. We have a wedding present for you.
The distance between them widened. I knew what was coming and I was prepared but for the damned suit jacket. I struggled to shed it, attempting to pull my arms free. The wasted effort forced them behind my back and I cursed. Sensing my vulnerability, number one moved in and swung for my gut. Breath exploded from my lungs and I doubled over.
The second punch was telegraphed like a navy ensign waving signal flags. I lowered my head and braced my body for what I knew was coming. The fist connected and bounced off my skull. It hurt like hell but not as much as the hand that landed. I tore at the jacket restraining my arms and pulled it all the way on. Something ripped. I didn't care.
I drove a fist into a nose. A thick stream of blood ran down a chin. He shook his head to clear watering eyes and I kicked wildly at a kneecap. Unable to see through the tears streaming down his face, the man's punches went wild. I got off a second kick to a kneecap. It landed hard and he went down clutching at his injured hand.
Number two was the more practiced. He dodged and weaved and must have thought he was in a boxing match. I came up under a punch and landed a knee in his groin. He got busy doubling over and I landed a second knee into his gut. A sucking sound rewarded me and I rejoiced for only an instant.
Number one was back on his feet and spitting blood.
I dived in a second time with kicks. He caught a shoe and yanked it. I tried dealing him another foot and he took that shoe, too. I moved in on sock feet, wanting a quick end. Distracted by the shoes, I managed a roundhouse kick and he dropped like a bag of rocks.
I returned to number two.
He was only just getting upright. His shook his head. Mumbled something. I slammed a fist against the side of his face and felt something break. For good measure, I aimed a sock-covered foot into his gut. A whoosh of air departed his lungs and took him down to join his partner already on the asphalt.
I straightened my tie as best I could, buttoned my jacket, and made for the car. Zelda was waiting patiently. I fed her a treat from my pocket.
—Good girl, pretty Zelda. It's time to go home.
I held the door open and she jumped into the front seat and sat up, looking proud and just as eager as when we left the mall.





THIRTY-SEVEN


I DIDN'T HAVE to look to see who was on the other end of the ringing phone. I put it on speaker and couldn't manage to get a word in. Allie was too busy tearing me a new one.
—Jim? Where are you? We're waiting on you. If you're not here in five minutes, I swear—
I used the hesitation to jump in.
—We're on our way, Allie. Zelda and I will be right there. I had to go to the mall for a tie.
I pulled into the marina parking lot and the call went dead. Zelda followed me to the trailer. I pocketed the rings and made for the house with Zelda trotting after me. Allie met me at the door, where she regarded me with a shocked look.
—That's a pretty dress. It fits you perfectly. Where's Maddie?
—Where did you find the tie? In a dumpster?
—Now Allie. Check out Zelda's bandanna. It matches Maddie's maid of honor dress. Zelda picked it special just for you.
Zelda licked Allie's fingers. Distracted, she ignored the torn suit and my shoeless Joe look. Maybe she didn't notice. My socks were black.
—Thank you. We're all waiting, Jim. We're ready to go. Are you?
—Of course.
I don't think she believed me, but I crooked my arm. Allie took it and I took her towards the wharf to make our way to an anxiously waiting Warren. Three dogs pranced proudly after us. People I didn't know applauded. Much mumbling in the crowd assaulted my ears, but I figured it was because the woman on my arm was so beautiful and pregnant in her wedding dress.
A sunny blue sky looked down on the proceedings. I had the rings. What could go wrong? I handed off the bride and side-stepped to a beautiful maid of honor and grinned sheepishly.
—For crying out loud, Jim. Where's your shoes? And look at your jacket. The sleeve is hanging off. It's a good thing you took Zelda with you or you'd still be lost in that mall.
—Did you see her bandanna? It matches your dress perfectly. She was so proud and happy when I tied it on for her.
—I saw. Zelda is the only one of you with the sense to get you here on time, isn't she?
—Well-
—Stop talking and pay attention to the ceremony. I'll deal with you later. Good girl, pretty Zelda.
Zelda nudged our joined hands with a wet nose. I ruffled her ear. I hung my head and smiled sheepishly in Warren's direction. He shook his head and grinned. When I had a chance to let him know his troubles were over, he'd no doubt be grinning a lot wider.
The service went off without a hitch. We were settling in to the meal when Warren tapped me on the shoulder.
—Is your speech ready? It's your turn to bore everyone.
I reached into a torn pocket. The speech I spent so much time preparing was gone.
—Of course. It's right here. Introduce me and I'll wow them with a paean to your magnificence.
Warren tapped a glass and the conversation in the small group quieted to a murmur and then silenced.
—Everyone, Jim Nash, my best man, a little worse for wear, but still worth every nickel he spent in the mall last-minute shopping for that flashy tie.
Laughter followed and I stood up. Tongue-tied in front of everyone, I hesitated for too long. Maddie nudged me. It was Zelda's cold nose on the back of my hand that brought me to my senses.
—Ladies and gentlemen and the rest of my fine, furry friends—
Laughter interrupted and I waited before going on.
—Warren Jeffrey has been my good friend for what feels like forever. He helped me to overcome a personal crisis in my life. He stood by me and wouldn't allow me to fall into a pit of despair, no matter how hard I tried.
I hesitated before going on.
—He picked me to be his best man, but I'm smart enough to know he's the better man—
Allie stood up. Her chair tipped back and clattered onto the dock.
—My water—
Wanting to be the perfect best man, I called out.
—Will someone get Warren's beautiful bride more water?
—No. My water. It just broke. Get me to the car, Warren. It's time. Don't forget the bag. Come on honey, I can't wait another minute.
—Take her, Warren. I'll get the bag. Come on, Maddie. Hank. Erica. Lily. James. Zelda. Zoe. Max. Who did I forget?
I had a full house in the Packard as we chased after Warren and Allie.
—Can we put the top down, Uncle Jim?
—I don't think we should do that while we're racing to a hospital. We might lose it.
I powered down the windows instead.
—You can all hang your heads out the window.
Allie's support group arrived minutes after she did. I let everyone off and they traipsed into the hospital, dogs and all, while I parked the Packard. I found them in a waiting room.
—How is she? Is she all right? How's the baby?
—Everyone is fine. Warren is in with her. He promised he'd come out when he had news. We haven't seen him since.





THIRTY-EIGHT


THE WAIT WENT on. And on. And on. We talked and listened and told bad jokes and laughed. Did multiple commissary trips for bad coffee. Ate snacks. Nurses tut-tutted the dogs. I was thankful no one asked us to leave, and was happy knowing that if anyone did, they'd be vastly outnumbered.
Finally, a pale-looking Warren in a wrinkled blue gown found us.
—It's a boy. It's a boy. And a girl. It's a girl. Twins. It's a boy and a girl. We had twins, everyone. A boy and a girl.
He rushed back into the room and closed the door. It was Erica who said it, finally.
—No wonder that poor woman was so big. She must be totally exhausted by now with two of them fighting their way out. We should leave and let her and Warren figure it out.
—Not a chance. We aren't leaving until their Uncle Jim gets to see the kids. Let's storm the room. Who's with me?
Lily and James were first, but only because, like me, they didn't know any better. Maddie gave me an elbow. I called the dogs in and Zoe helped Zelda find the room. Max brought up the rear with me.
—Just a quick visit, you two. I couldn't keep the dogs away. And the kids. I couldn't keep them away, either.
An exhausted Allie offered up the twins to Warren and he kneeled down to let Lily and James see two little pink, fresh-faced babies for themselves.
—How will we ever tell them apart, James. Look. They're identical.
Zelda snuffled and her cold, wet nose made it's way from one lump to the other in Warren's arms, followed by Zoe and Max. Satisfied, Zelda nudged Zoe and the dog led her behind the waiting crowd. Erica and Hank and Maddie made their way into the room and wisely knew enough to not stay long.
—All right, people and dogs, let's go home. It's time for a cold one.
We piled into the Packard and I peeled back the top for the ride home. I knew by the grin pasted on James' face what was coming.
—Dad, could we ever get a car like this? It's so cool with the top down.
—Well, one day, perhaps. Does it have to be as old as this one?
—Oh no. It could be newer if that's what you want.
Hank winked at me in the mirror. If James played his cards right, his dad just might grant his wish.
I eased the Packard into the marina parking lot and the troupe gathered beneath the shade tree in front of the trailer.
—We'll bring up some of what we had for the reception before the action started. Jim, drag out the table.
Hank and Erica went down the hill and returned with a wheelbarrow of ice and beer and food. I got out three bowls and put a little ice cream in them so the dogs could celebrate with us. I stood back and waited, knowing what was coming.
—Watch this, everyone.
Zoe nudged Zelda and the dog followed her to her bowl. She found it and snuffled her thanks. Zoe waited until Zelda's nose searched out the ice cream and she dug in. Satisfied, Zoe nudged Zelda and went to her own bowl. She worked it towards Zelda and side by side they lapped at their bits of ice cream.
—How long has Zelda been blind?
My voice quivered. I was having trouble dealing with it, even though I suspected it.
—We think about six months or so. We took her to the vet as soon as we realized. There's nothing we can do. Zoe watches out for her.
—I do too, Uncle Jim, like you asked. I promised, remember?
—That's right. James and Lily both watch over her. Zoe worries over her, too. You saw that.
—I remember, James. You too, Lily. Thank you both. It means a lot to me that Zelda has such good people loving her and taking care her.
It was twilight when the celebration ended. Zoe left Zelda in my care and wandered down the hill with Max. Maddie and I sat out for a bit and then she went in.
—I'll be in in a bit. I want to sit with Zelda for a while.
I propped my back against the tree. Zelda lay at my side on her tummy, looking out across the water in the dying light. A bright full moon was rising. I wondered if she could see anything at all. I stroked her neck and ruffled her ears. Her cold nose found my hand and I enjoyed the sensation.
—You were a pretty girl in your fancy bandanna, Zelda. Everyone commented on it.
I stroked her neck and Zelda's tail swept the lawn. She sat up and nuzzled my face.
—Are you going to come in, Zelda? Your spot in the bedroom is waiting.
She looked at me and in the dim light it seemed as though she shook her head.
—I'll leave the door open for you. You can come in when you're ready.
She snuffled and settled in beside me. I waited a few minutes before getting up.
—I love you, Zelda. I miss you.
She woofed gently before resting her head on her forelegs.
—Good night, pretty girl. We'll see each other in the morning, okay?





THIRTY-NINE


JAMES AND LILY bounded up the steps and ran headlong into the trailer without stopping.
—How come the door is open, Uncle Jim?
—I left it open for Zelda. She didn't want to come in when I did.
—Last night Zoe went up to get Zelda and she didn't come back. She's been with Zelda all night. I think there's something wrong with her.
—Go and see, Jim. And put on some pants.
Zoe was indeed with Zelda. She must have remained by her side all night. She was nuzzling Zelda, trying to wake her up. I thought I knew why she hadn't been able to lead Zelda down the hill.
—James, take Lily and tell your dad to come up, would you? You'd better stay down there for now with Lily. Please?
—All right. But what's wrong, Uncle Jim? Why didn't Zoe bring Zelda home?
—Hank and I will figure it out, okay? Go down and send him up.
He called to Zoe but she wouldn't leave Zelda's side. I watched the children go before I finished dressing.
—What's wrong? Is Zelda all right?
—I think Zelda left us last night, dear. I'm going out to check on her.
Zoe stopped nudging long enough to lick at my hand and then went back to work, nudging Zelda. I felt Zelda's nose. It was warm. I reached beneath her. I couldn't feel a heartbeat.
—She's gone, Zoe. Zelda is gone.
Hank joined me on the grass. I helped him roll Zelda on her side so he could better check for a heartbeat.
—I suspected this sooner or later. I'm sorry, Jim. I made arrangements with the vet to have her cremated.
—I want to take her. Will you help me get her to the car? I want her up front with me. Will you tell Lily and James that I'm going with her. I know they love her so much, but—
—I know. It's already arranged. I'll break it to them. The vet said it would be a day at most. Maybe by tonight, even—
—I want to do that, too. I'll make a place for her, right where she sat every night. Would that be all right? Maybe James and Lily could help.
Hank nodded. He helped me carry Zelda to the Packard. Zoe trailed after us, worried and confused to see us carrying her friend. I put the top down and Hank called to a forlorn Zoe to take her down the hill.
The vet helped me bring Zelda in. I considered taking the bandanna. She was so proud and happy when I tied it on. I couldn't do it.
—Put her name tag in with her, please, if that's all right.
The tag had been with her since Lucy and the dog grooming shop.
—Leave the bandanna on, too.
It was important to me that Zelda wear both on her final journey.
The vet gave me directions to a funeral home. From there I went to an engraver and made sure to wait while he did what I wanted. When it was done I was as content as I could be, given the circumstances. Come evening, in the cool of the day when Zelda liked to relax on the grass, I'd prepare a place for her.
I found a wheelbarrow and collected rocks and picked some wild flowers. Lily and James helped. Nobody talked much. We unloaded the rocks and watered the flowers. Everything was ready. The kids left to go to bed. Hank and Erica would bring them when it was time.
I was a wreck. Maddie and Friday kept me going. I told her about the fight in the parking lot with the feds after I threatened them.
—I wondered if it was something like that.
She seemed relieved to hear it.
—Allie and Warren have twins. You're taking care of Zelda. It's all good.
—Yes, it is. Full circle.
I didn't tell her why. Maybe one day.
I only knew Zelda died of a broken heart, and it was my fault. It was always my fault.





FORTY


THE DAY BROKE cool and sunny. I took everyone for ice cream before ending up at the hospital. We learned our new mom had been released with her twin bundles of joy. We must have passed them on the way, but we missed them in the rush with everyone wanting me to drive faster to see the newborns.
—Do they have names yet? Does anyone know? How come Allie and Uncle Warren didn't call us, mom? We need to know these things.
A patient Erica smiled.
—We'll know when they want to tell us, dear. It's our duty to wait and learn.
I took a call from the vet. Zelda's remains were ready. I told Hank and he went to talk to Erica. She allowed James and Lily to come with me. They brought Zoe and Friday. I took Maddie for moral support.
I asked them all to wait in the car. When I came out everyone was waiting to see Zelda.
—It's gorgeous, Jim.
The box was a deep, colorful bronze. I made sure to show them Zelda's name engraved in a flourishing script. Underneath it said The best dog ever. Lily and James each took a turn holding her on the drive home.
—She's so light, Uncle Jim.
—That's because she's looking down on us. She knows already how much we miss her.
I didn't know what else to say.


Just before sundown the entire crew made their way up the hill to the tree. Lily and James helped me lower Zelda into the ground. I covered her and Lily and James brought a beach sunflower to plant with the wild flowers. We made sure to surround her bed with small rocks.
—Zelda wouldn't like it if someone stepped on her tail when she wasn't looking.
It was all I could do.
—We'll look after her, Uncle Jim. James and me. We'll take care of Zelda's place for you when you aren't here.
It was all over. I hugged them and thanked them and I could barely do that.
Allie and Warren cheered us up by sharing some news. The twins had names. Lisa after Allie's mother, and Logan after Warren's father.
It was a fitting end to a very long day for all of us.





FORTY-ONE


MADDIE AND I stayed another couple of days. We enjoyed spending the time just hanging out with everyone. I kept the flowers watered first thing in the morning. Zoe and James and Lily did the same in the cool of the evening.
Finally it was time. We packed and loaded the Packard. Maddie drew Lily aside. I couldn't hear what was said, but they the parting was teary for both of them. 
—Mom took us to the mall. We found bandannas just like Zelda's, Uncle Jim. We got matching ones for Max and Zoe to have.
Lily tied it around her Max along with a collar and a name tag. It said Max Friday. Our business address and phone number were engraved beneath. I could tell Maddie wasn't sure what to think.
—I called him Max Friday because Max is his very first name, and Friday is his last name when you found him, Maddie. Just like a person.
Maddie bawled her eyes out a second time. I wasn't that far from it myself when I saw Zoe looking proud and happy in her own matching bandanna.
—We decided to give Max to Aunt Maddie, Uncle Jim. I talked it over with James. He says it's okay, right James?
James nodded and went on.
—We're getting busy with school sports. We want to play soccer and baseball and do other stuff.
—That's right. Taking care of two dogs is really really hard.
—Yes, especially having to exercise them and everything. It was taking a lot of time.
Max looked from the kids to Maddie and back. I think he was deciding on his own if he was going to stay or not. Eventually he sat down beside Maddie. The kids gave him a last hug. I opened the door on the Packard and he jumped into the back.





FORTY-TWO


WARREN AND ALLIE wheeled the newborns up the hill to see us off. They allowed Friday a final sniff of the twins' fresh baby scent and then Allie eased into a chair to watch the proceedings. Zoe came to say goodbye, too.
We hugged too many times and said teary goodbyes as everyone followed us to the Packard. James called out.
—Are you going to put the top down, Uncle Jim?
He was pleased when I did. The last thing I heard was James asking his dad if they could get a convertible one day.
It was a long, slow drive to the highway, where I kept it under the limit, knowing I would be passing through crazytown. We were a couple of miles past when the blues flashing in the mirror drew Allie's attention.
—Oh no. Not again. Jim—
—I see them. We're almost there.
I stepped on the gas and the reliable old Packard did its duty as the distance between us increased.
—It looks like they didn't get the memo.
—Are you ever going to tell me?
—Absolutely. But right now, I have something else that needs doing.
The gas pedal halted at the floor.
—When we hit the county line, you won't be able to shut me up.
I called back to Friday.
—Hang on, dog. It might get a little breezy back there.
Friday's bandanna flapped in the wind. We made the county line with miles to spare. The cruiser was nowhere in sight. Maddie settled back in her seat and opened a well-worn book.
—What's it called?
—Allie gave it to me. It's written by someone called Dr. Spock. I'm just getting to the part where he talks about water breaking. Shall I read it to you?
Friday's cold nose hit the back of my neck, but I was ahead of him. I already knew not to utter a single word.
It was time to move on. I had allowed Zelda to take all my regrets away with her. I was able to let Lucy and Kara and Pilar go with her. Zelda's passing had lifted a great weight from my shoulders.
It was time to stop living with too many memories from the past. It was time to get on with my life.
###




More by P X Duke

Twisted Sisters
Detective Jim Nash has a problem. He has a murder victim in an alley and a dead woman in his bed. His own homicide division wants to charge him with murder. To say he's got serious commitment problems would be an understatement. He's on the lookout for twins, but he doesn't want to date them. He wants to know who murdered them. A modern pulp short story.

Dreams Die Fast
Frank is headed home after spending a long winter on the Baja. When his motorcycle breaks down, he's trapped in an old ghost town on the west side of the Salton Sea. A woman takes pity on Frank and invites him over for a home-cooked meal. Before he knows it, Frank is knee-deep in cartel drugs with a woman itching to pull the trigger on the gun she's pointing at his back.

Dreams Die Hard
Frank is back on the road with a reformed junkie on the run from a cartel hit squad riding bitch on the back of his motorcycle. When the duo end up working at a strip club, the seedy edge of the city finally catches up, forcing Frank to dig deep within to triumph over drugs, greed, arson and murder. Some adult content.

Fast Food Slow Waitress
A biker hits all the high spots (or the low spots, depending on your point of view). These short stories find him at a peeler bar off the 15 in Montana; encountering a hitch-hiker off the 10 in New Mexico; being sweet-talked by his landlady; romancing a truck-driving sweetheart in a sleeper at a California truck stop; flirting with a waitress in a restaurant in the high desert. This is an updated and revised version of First Time and other stories previously published.

Dead Reckoning
During a well-deserved R&R on mainland Mexico, Harry picks up something he doesn't own that forces him to flee across the Sea of Cortez to the Baja. While hiding out on an isolated beach, two mysterious gringas show up to complicate Harry's life by attempting to implicate him in their own scheme, resulting in a mad dash up the Baja to escape the consequences of their actions.

Long Way Home
When Harry's ex-wife, Sasha, and their daughter accompany her oil-company boyfriend on a working vacation to Africa, the trio goes missing. They get out a call for help that will lead Harry on an air and ground chase across the Horn of Africa to rescue his family before kidnappers can move them to their den on the Indian Ocean.

Payback
Harry's comfortable family life is turned upside down when he gets a phone call from a former comrade he thought long dead. When the second call comes in an hour later, the caller asks for his help. He knows his life will never be the same until he can learn what happened to the woman who launched a rescue mission to save his life after his plane was destroyed during a firefight on a bush landing strip in East Africa. Third short novel in a series.





About the author

Aviator. Motorcycle rider. Vagabond. Drifter. Trouble-maker. Jack of all trades and master of none. I've been riding and writing about the places I've been and the people I've seen for a few years now. Some of my writing is factual; some of it isn't. I like to leave it up to readers to decide for themselves which lies are the truth.

http://pxduke.com

author@pxduke.com


