
WHEN THE GODS FAIL:
JOURNEY


VOLUME ONE OF THE FAILURE OF THE GODS SERIES


By

R. LEE KEEN



*****

SMASHWORDS EDITION

*****



Copyright: R. Lee Keen
Publisher: RSK Publishing

*****



*****

Originally Published as Alpha Point: Journey – January 2014
Extended Version Published as A Nexus of Worlds: Journey – August 2016

*****




*****

Library of Congress
ISBN 978-1-311-56527-3

*****
*****

This is a work of fiction.
The names, characters, places, and incidents portrayed in this work of fiction are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, businesses, companies, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

*****

Thank you for respecting the work of this author. This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. As an ebook, it may not be resold, circulated or given away to other people. Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author’s rights. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please go to www.Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.

The right of R. Lee Keen to be identified as author of this work has been asserted by him in accordance with sections 77 and 78 of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988. All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in retrieval system, copied in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise transmitted without written permission from the publisher. 

While the author has made every effort to provide accurate contact information at the time of publication, neither the publisher nor the author assumes any responsibility for errors, or for changes that occur after publication. Furthermore, the publisher does not have any control and does not assume any responsibility for author or third-party websites or their content.

*****

Originally Published as Alpha Point: Journey – January 2014
Extended Version Published as A Nexus of Worlds: Journey – August 2016

*****

Disclaimer

This novel contains both graphic sexual content between consenting adults and graphic descriptions of violence associated with combat that some readers may find objectionable. It is intended for mature readers and should not be accessed or read by anyone under the age of 18 (or the age of consent in the jurisdiction from which it is being accessed).

*****

*****

Fear not, my friends, for the characters within these pages have spoken
And I will toy with this volume no more.

But the story itself remains to be written

And they continue to speak

So books must follow.

*****

*****

CHAPTER ONE

“The purpose of going to Mars is for humans to first begin to occupy, permanently, another planet in the solar system. The astronauts or pilgrims, whatever you might call them, are going to be very historically unique human beings.”

Buzz Aldrin

*****

16 DECEMBER 2030; 1230 HOURS
MARS SPECIMEN ANALYSIS SECTION (MSAS)
JOHNSON SPACE CENTER, HOUSTON, TEXAS

“So what have we got today?”  The young lab tech commented to himself, setting the sandwich and water bottle down, then picking up the data pad as he stared at the rock inside the vacuum-sealed, airtight glovebox chamber. “You’re an odd looking specimen, aren’t you? Where exactly did you come from, my friend?” 
Glancing at the data, he smiled. “Valles Marinaris it says here.”
Setting the pad back down, the tech slipped one arm into a protective glove in the glovebox and settled onto the padded stool as he flipped on the lights and shifted the magnification arm over. “And it says they don’t think you’re more than maybe a billion years old.” He paused as he adjusted both the lighting and the magnification, then switched on the camera. “A youngster.”
As the picture came into focus, the tech continued to adjust the camera and other instruments while watching how the image appeared on the screen of the pad lying beside him.
Once he was satisfied all was in order, he hit the Enter key then ensured the camera was actually recording before slipping his free arm into the second glove.
“Hopefully you’re not as boring as that old thing I stared at all day yesterday.” He chuckled to no one in particular as he played with an adjustment knob. “Over two billion years old and she did absolutely nothing for me.”
Carefully picking up the sealed package holding a rough-textured, oblong shaped rock about six inches wide, a foot long, and maybe three inches thick, he slowly and carefully rotated the package to ensure the camera caught every side.
Verifying the package remained sealed, he set it down, then took a pair of scissors and cut open the top.
Gently removing the rock from the plastic, he set the empty package containing a fair amount of dust and small bits and pieces off to one side, the picked up the rock itself, turning it over and over, ensuring every surface was captured in fine detail by the camera and making comments about the texture, color and other features of the specimen.
“Hmm…nothing spectacular.” He commented, adding, “I don’t think you’re going to do it for me either, my friend.”
Setting the specimen down for a moment, he picked up an airtight package holding a syringe and opened it, then pulled back the syringe handle as he held the tip of the syringe near the rock. Capping the tip, he set the syringe off to the side.
“Air sample taken,” He commented to the room, concluding with a final comment into the thin boom microphone hanging in front of him that the initial analysis of the rock appeared to be correct – it was a piece of sandstone most likely formed in a watery environment and typical of the area in which it had been collected.
He added that, like the others, it showed nothing spectacular or outstanding.
Checking the notes from the handling of it since it left Mars, he added a secondary addendum to his notes that the rock appeared to have been part of a sedimentary layer, then noted it was unusual the edges were so rounded but that rounding could be attributed to the infrequent flows of water on Mars.
Turning the rock over once more, he speculated the slab had separated from the layer at some point in the very distant past, fallen in an area where water had flowed off and on and had been carried down to where it was found, smoothed and shaped by wind and the briny liquid over time.
A very long time.
The stone was certainly soft enough to be rounded by the elements, he quipped as he was about to shut down the examination and move on to the next task when his eye caught something in the bright LED lighting.
Pausing to examine what looked to be a tiny, round, dark shadow under an irregularity on the rock, the tech picked up a small dental scraper, using the thin end to scrape at the tiny dark patch on the surface of the rock.
The material wasn’t sandstone but he couldn’t identify it as it fell onto the white surface of the table.
It seemed to be a very fine, black substance with the consistency of baby powder yet there was something strange about it.
Shifting the stone and magnifying the area with the light, he saw it was more like a very small indentation rather than just some surface imperfection.
Strange, he thought as he used a small fine-toothed brush to gently gather the material into a small pile and place it into a container, then sealed it and set it to the side.
Curious, he continued to work on the dark patch, exposing even darker material just below the surface.
Like the initial scrapings, it, too, seemed to be like very fine baby powder as he scraped it free.
The sides of the indentation appeared to be smooth and had a shape to them.
For a moment, he paused, wondering if he had found fossil evidence of past life.
“Calm down, bud,” He told himself as he carefully worked, gently brushing the indentation out to better expose the sides. Adjusting the light, he realized it extended even deeper into the rock.
“What do you have here, my friend,” He asked as he probed a bit harder, pulling out more material and adding it to the small pile. As he tried to wedge out a bit more, the pick became stuck.
“Damn,” He muttered as he tried to gently pull the scraper out by twisting and turning it. “Just what I need today.”
Realizing it seemed to be wedged under something and afraid he’d ruin whatever impression was there, the tech grabbed a small pair of slip-joint pliers from the tool rack along one side, then held the stone firmly in one hand while he gripped the shaft of the stuck tool with the pliers.
If he could just back it out without doing any more damage, he’d stop and wait for instructions.
Gently, he attempted to turn it, yet it resisted his efforts and he unintentionally doubled them, always making sure his actions were being captured on the camera.
Suddenly, the scraper came free as a chunk of the rock broke off and fell to the table.
The unexpected action caused him to lose his grip on the rock and it fell to the table as well with a thud as he cursed.
“DAMN!”
The tech immediately stopped, one hand holding the pliers with the dental scraper firmly gripped in the shiny stainless-steel jaws, the other hand empty and poised just above the rock, the tiny broken piece, a small amount of dust and assorted bits of debris, all laying on the pristine, white table.
Taking a deep breath, he gently set the scraper and the pliers off to the side, then sat back for a moment, taking stock of the situation and firmly believing it was time to begin updating his resume.
Ensuring the camera remained focused, the tech carefully picked up the rock once more and started to turn it to examine how badly he’d damaged it when a larger piece loosened itself from the main body and fell off.
“Holy shit!” The tech whistled, staring at what lay revealed in the bright light as he turned the rock over. “Oh damn, holy shit!”
Something metal lay embedded in the rock.
Something unnatural by any definition.
It looked to be the end of a handle, the rest of the object still embedded and buried in stone. But what he could see was absolutely amazing.
Coming out of the rock was a thin dark metal rod, flattening into a plate in a style resembling a fleur de lis.
The edges of the flattened part looked to be raised, rounded off and smooth. It was about the size of a typical dinnerware utensil, like a knife or fork.
Gently setting the rock down with the object now facing up, he re-checked the camera to ensure everything he was seeing was being recorded.
Making some minor adjustments to the focus, he looked again at the object.
Dust covered the flattened part and he used a small soft brush to wipe it away then gasped.
A small, engraved design covered the flat metal in the center of the handle.
It looked to be some sort of dragon-like creature situated above what appeared to be three wave-like parallel lines. The creature’s mouth was open and what looked to be two tongues extended out while the head itself was essentially like the fairy-tale pictures of dragons he’d grown up with.
Even though it was small, he could see the detail was extraordinary just from what was visible.
Against his better judgment, the tech picked up the dental scrapper and gently pushed it across the metal along the handle.
The dark coating on the surface instantly flaked away to reveal a shiny, smooth surface, almost mirror like in its appearance.
Setting the tool down and pulling his hands from the glovebox, he left the camera running and the lights on as he stood there, considering his options, then grabbed the Emergency Response Actions book from the shelf, wondering if anyone had thought about this.
Paging through it, Alex smiled.
Yep. Page twenty-seven, step four.
Someone actually thought this through.
He was frankly impressed.
He stared at the step, putting together the words he would need to say.
Finally, after a moment and fumbling for his cell phone, he took a deep breath to settle down, still thinking about what he would say.
Continuing to go over the right words, he scrolled through the contact list, finally finding the  number for the security desk seven levels over his head.
Even as he pressed it, Alex was still considering the best way to break the news.
“Security.”
“Yeah, this is Alex Durmois,” He began, still staring at the metal object. “I’m down here in the MSAS and I’m pretty sure I need John Steedmann’s emergency number.”
“We can’t give that out unless it’s an emergency.”
“This is definitely an emergency,” Alex replied calmly. “It’s definitely a no-shit, hot damn emergency.”
“I’m sure you think it is, buddy. But how about you tell me what this no-shit, hot damn emergency is and I’ll decide,” The operator challenged him, an almost bored tone to his voice. “If I think it’s an emergency, I’ll call him.”
Alex’s anger quickly surfaced. “How about you give me his damn number and I call him according to my procedures for this kind of shit,” He took a breath. “Because I’m sure when he finds out what I have here, he’s gonna fire your fat ass for not giving me the number.”
“How about you calm the fuck right down, asshole,” The operator replied, his voice indignant. “Or I won’t give you shit.”
“You got an ERA book up there?” Alex angrily responded, “You know, the big red binder that says Emergency Response Actions? The one you got your coffee and donuts sitting on while you play grab ass on your phone?”
“Look asshole,” The guard testily replied. “I don’t need to listen to your crap. I got real shit going on up here I need to handle.”
“No, you got real shit happening down here. Pick up the damn ERA book I know you’ve never read and turn to page twenty-seven,” Alex almost yelled, then waited as he heard pages turning. “See step four?” He paused. “Do…you…see…step…four or do I need to come up there and read it for you?”
Silence greeted him.
“That’s right, asshole. Step four. Now give me his damn number.” Alex practically yelled into the phone.
Five minutes later, the phone rang and was answered.
“John Steedmann.”
“Mr. Steedmann,” The tech replied. “Alex Durmois here. I work in the Mars Specimen Analysis Section.” He paused. “I have a situation here.”
“What’s the problem, Alex?”
“I’m examining specimen number…” Alex picked up the pad to verify the number, his hands starting to shake. “Umm…looks like VM-43-01123467-03.” He paused again, still trying to decide how he should break the news. “I think…no, I’m absolutely positive…I’m activating,” He looked for some sort of title on the page but couldn’t locate it right away. “Oh hell, I’m on page twenty-seven of the ERA, step four.”
“Page twenty-seven, step four.”
“Yes, Sir.”
Alex could hear John Steedmann speaking with someone else. “Do we have an ERA handy?” A pause. “Well, I don’t care if it’s electronic, get it.” Another long pause. “What the hell is on page twenty-seven, step four?”
Muffled noises filled the background.
“Give it to me” He heard John say as the phone was put down.
“Are you positive,” Steedmann was asking someone. “Make sure you’ve got the right page.”
More muffled noises, then absolute silence greeted filled his ear and Alex thought he’d lost the connection.
“Mr. Steedmann?” He asked, tentatively.
“I’m here,” John responded, almost in a whisper. “Are you absolutely positive you’re looking at page twenty-seven, step four?”
“Yes, Sir.” Alex responded. “I’m staring at it and I have the entire thing on camera.”
“Dear God,” John replied. “I’m headed down there right now. I want you to lock the door to your lab and allow no one in until I get there.” He paused. “I’m sending security to isolate the floor and ensure no one approaches the door.” Another long pause. “Do nothing more until I’m there.”
“What about the camera, Sir?” Alex asked.
“What’s wrong with the camera?” John asked.
“Nothing,” Alex responded. “I just never turned it off.”
“Touch nothing,” John quickly responded. “I’m leaving now.”
“How long, Sir?”
“We’re getting on a plane now,” Steedmann exclaimed. “Stay there until I get there. Don’t leave the lab for anything!”
He hung up, leaving Alex to wonder what he’d just done.
After several moments, Alex re-dialed security.
“Security.”
“Yeah, this is Alex Durmois,” He began, staring once again at the metal object. “Remember me?”
“Yes, Sir,” The voice responded with significantly more respect. “We have a team isolating your location. Is there anything I can get you?”
“Hey, listen,” Alex responded, “I’m sorry I lost my shit.”
“No sweat, Sir,” The guard responded, “I was out of line blowing you off. You just never get a call like that.”
“I know, but I’m still sorry.”
“No worries,” The guard assured him. “How can we help you?” 
Alex thought a moment. “Yeah, I guess I’m gonna need some food…pizza…pepperoni with extra cheese…a large.” He paused. “Oh and something to drink…maybe bottled water…half a dozen bottles.” Alex stared at the digital clock on the wall. “It looks like I’m gonna be here a while.” He stopped. “Oh shit, what if I have to use the can?”
“We could always use two-person control backed up by a second team while you take care of business.” The controller suggested, his tone very respectful.
“Yeah,” Alex thought it through. “Yeah, if I need to do that, we can do it that way. Oh, can you guys add another pizza to the order. Same thing.”
“You think it’ll be that long?”
“Hell, I have no idea,” Alex laughed. “I just know I’m stuck here now.”
The guard laughed as he acknowledged the order and they made arrangements for a detail to deliver what he needed to the door where Alex could then receive it without losing sight of the object.
After he hung up, Alex stared at the phone for a moment, then went to the door and locked it.
Pausing a moment, he suddenly grabbed a chair, then placed it in front of the door.
Realizing the chair wouldn’t do any good, Alex laughed at his own paranoia, then pulled the chair away, unlocked the door and sat back down on the stool, staring silently at the intricate design on a piece of metal that could very well be over a billion years old.
He couldn’t help but wonder about who or what made it.
Or what type of civilization they may have come from. 
He couldn’t help but think how old a billion years was and of the civilization that no longer existed.
And would never have been found.
Until this rock found its way into this lab.
From a planet that wasn’t Earth.

*****

16 DECEMBER 2030; 2015 HOURS 
NASA DIRECTOR’S OFFICE, JOHNSON SPACE CENTER
HOUSTON, TEXAS

The men and women in the room stared at the image on the big screen.
“I don’t think there’s a doubt,” Kevin Blackwood, Director, Mars Manned Exploration Mission said as he watched the video on the adjacent screen for probably the twentieth time. “Other than scraping the metal, Alex did all he was supposed to do.” He looked at the photographs of the object handed out to everyone in the room. “What’s the dark material he was extracting?”
“There appear to be two types of material. One’s darker than the other. We haven’t analyzed any of it yet,” Carrie Hofstadtler, Director of the Mars Specimen Analysis Section, responded. “In fact, we haven’t removed anything from the glovebox yet.”
“What was the depression the material was contained in?” Blackwood pressed.
“Initial thoughts are that we may be looking at a fossil,” Carrie replied. “But that may be more difficult to determine with what happened to the rock. We would have to pull it out and try to reassemble it to make some type of determination.”
“Don’t.” John Steedmann, Director of NASA, stated simply and flatly. “That box and lab stay sealed and guarded until we figure out how to deal with this. We have the images of the depression in pretty good detail and this trumps any fossil in my book.”
“Where did this sample come from again?” Kevin asked.
Alex looked at the pad. “Fourth mission. 26D, Poole and Jackson. They landed outside the Valles Marinaris at Habitat Four. The sample was picked up on Rover EVA Number Seven.”
“Rover EVA?” Asked Kevin. “How far?”
Alex nodded. “Looks like he was approximately seven klicks from the landing site.”
The MMEM Director nodded, making notes on his pad. “And we’ve had it for how long?”
Alex again looked at the clipboard. “Since they returned.”
“We’ve still got a huge backlog from the unmanned missions we’re working through,” Carrie offered. “We’ve just started to look at some of the samples brought back by those first manned missions.”
“And you’re positive it isn’t contaminated,” John asked again, holding up a hand. “I know, I know. How can we possibly contaminate a rock with something like this?” He shook his head. “I still have to ask.”
“The specimen was vacuum sealed on Mars,” Alex began. “The seal was still intact when I placed it in the box and expelled the air, then activated the bio-kill system.” He paused. “After I was positive I had both an airtight and biologic free environment, I cut the seal. The only air in that box at that moment was whatever was brought back from Mars. Per instructions, I sampled the air as well,” He paused. “In fact, the bag itself is still in the box with the specimen and I did examine it. There were no leaks and no holes.”
“What is it?” Kevin asked, staring at the image on the screen in front of them all.
“I think it might be some sort of utensil,” Fred Borroughs, NASA’s expert on space artifacts, speculated as he squinted at the image. “Notice the shape of it, almost like it was meant to be held.” He picked up a hardcopy of the color image and stared at the rock for several minutes. “I’m going out on a limb, but I’m willing to bet wherever this rock originally came from may be a treasure trove of artifacts and maybe even fossils.”
“How far from where we found it?” Asked Carrie.
“That’s easy,” Fred responded, “Notice all of the edges of the rock.” He stood and moved to the big screen. “They’re rounded and the surface is smooth.” He paused to take another look then looked at the people in the room. “This rock probably spent a considerable time moving downstream in a stream or river before it finally settled in this spot.”
“Where do you think it come from?” Carrie asked, looking at the second television screen showing a color map of Mars.
“From what we already know,” Fred looked at the image as he spoke. “It’s from a layered formation upstream from where we found it. We already have some geologic signatures for a number of the formations upstream. Once we have a final signature for this sample, if it’s not one of those, we keep looking. Eventually we’ll have our origin point.”
“Simple, except for one thing,” John spoke quietly. “It came from Mars. We just can’t take a stroll up the canyon looking for rocks.”
“So what do we do?” Kevin asked.
“We find out what’s in the rock,” Mark Strossman stated simply. “We find out what we have and we figure out just what it is.”
“Destroy the rock?” Carrie asked incredulously.
“Not necessarily,” Fred replied, “We can surgically work our way through it to see what’s in there.” He paused. “Yes, we’ll have to remove rock to see it, but we should be able to preserve all the remaining material without too much damage if we do it right.” Fred looked at Alex. “I figure a lateral cut to split open the rock into two halves.”
Carrie looked to Alex. “Care to do some more work?”
“Me?” Alex looked at the gathered group, offering a fake laugh and a smile. “I’m not sure I should be doing that.”
“Nonsense,” Carrie smiled at the young man. “You found it, you should have the honor of finishing what you started.”
“It’s settled,” John stood up, not waiting for an answer. “Alex, make a plan and work with Fred and Carrie to see what we have.” He looked at Joanne Billingsly, the NASA Director of External Communications and Chief Spokesperson for the agency. “Joanne, start working up a press release, a speech for a press conference and a full press package.” John looked over to a young man sitting off to one side, sipping an iced coffee. “Levi, I think you and I probably need to talk to your boss soon.”
Levi Kaufmann, Advisor on Space Issues to the President of the United States, nodded as he stood, gathering his notes and data pad. “I’ll get a jet ready. Let me know when the materials are ready.”
“Do we go to Washington or have him come here?” John asked.
“We go up to brief him,” Levi responded. “After that’s anyone’s guess.”
John nodded, looking around. “Any questions?”
No one spoke.
“Good,” He smiled. “Let’s find out what we have.” He looked straight at Alex. “We’ll be waiting to hear from you.”
Alex nodded, suddenly petrified over what he was about to do.
He knew one thing though.
The world was about to change.

*****

18 DECEMBER 2030; 1400 HOURS 
THE OVAL OFFICE, WHITE HOUSE, WASHINGTON, D.C.

“When did you say we discovered it?”
“Approximately twelve forty-seven the afternoon of December sixteenth, Mr. President.” John Steedmann answered crisply, his military training as an ex-Marine coming through.
“And you didn’t discuss it until eight that evening?” Benjamin Perry, President of the United States asked, almost incredulously. The Vice President and his friend, Murray Gordon, shifted uncomfortably in his chair.
“No, Sir,” John replied without any concern in his voice. “My team was spread across the country. It took me until then to get them assembled.”
“Why not just teleconference?” Murray Gordon asked.
“Sensitivity, Sir.” John replied. “This was a one-of-a-kind event. I didn’t know what I was dealing with and I wanted folks there face-to-face.”
“Understandable,” The President responded. “When did we finally get to see it all?”
“The rock was split four hours ago, Mr. President,” John stated, matter of factly. “We’re not quite through with the analysis and we haven’t even pulled the object from the sealed glovebox, but I wanted to brief you immediately.”
“Is it dangerous?”
“If you mean is it radioactive, Mr. President,” John shook his head. “No. If you mean is it contaminated, I can’t answer that yet although it is in a biologic-free environment. If you’re asking is whatever it’s made of dangerous to us, I can’t answer that yet.” 
“Excellent work, John,” Ben smiled. “Now exactly what is it?”
They all stared at either the image on the screen in front of them or at the model of the object laying on the table.
About eight inches long, the handle extended downward to a square point where a second length of the same metal extended ninety degrees to the right, curving in a circular fashion to end in a distinctly scoop-like end directly below the square point with about three inches of space between the two points. 
It was simple and obviously meant for everyday use, judging from the plainness of the design.
Some of the dark covering had flaked off in places revealing more of the shiny mirror-like finish on the metal.
Other than a strange hieroglyphic-like symbol on the face of the small square junction and the dragon image on the handle, there were no other distinguishing marks.
The backside of the object had no detail or other markings.
When the rock split laterally, the object fell out of its tomb easily.
It was the impact on the table which dislodged much of the dark flaky covering.
Other than the dark unknown matter associated with the object, nothing else was found.
“We don’t know, Sir,” Levi quipped in. “Never seen anything like it.”
“How did it get there?” The President asked.
“When it was lost by who or whatever owned it,” John Steedman offered, “It fell into the sand, probably on a beach or under water. We think it was covered quickly and it simply stayed there as the sand turned to sandstone.”
“What’s it made of?”
“As I said, no idea, yet,” Steedmann answered crisply. “We haven’t completed the analysis.”
“Surgical device, maybe?” The Vice President offered.
No one answered.
“So what do we do?” The President asked.
“Clearly, Mr. President, this has become a national security issue,” Responded General George Thymogan, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. “As such, I can have my people assume responsibility for the artifact and all other samples.”
“All other samples?” The Vice resident stared at the man.
“George,” The Secretary of Defense, Linda Carmichael, rebuked him. “Not so fast.”
“We have no clue what we’re dealing with here.” The General responded. “We don’t know what’s in the others.”
“You’re a billion years too late, General.” John replied.
“I don’t understand,” The Vice President interjected. “What do you mean a billion years?”
“The age of this rock,” John looked at his briefing notes. “Has been estimated to be around a billion years.” He looked at the General. “The threat died out long before we ever existed, General. I think it’s safe to say we’re still alone…at least in this solar system.”
Chastised, the General sat back, a stern look on his face.
“We’ll assume immediate responsibility, Mr. President,” Chelsie Breckermann, Director of the CIA chimed in, her voice calm and matter-of-fact. “I can have a team in Houston in less than two hours.”
“Why do you need to assume responsibility?” Asked President Perry.
“You heard the analysis,” Chelsie responded. “We have no clue what this is or what it could have been used for.”
“And the CIA can give me those answers?” The President responded.
“Well…umm…no, Sir,” Chelsie answered. “But at least we can prevent someone else from gaining access to it.”
“Is it a weapon?” The President asked, holding a hastily constructed yet accurate three-dimensional white plastic model of the object in his hand and turning it over. “Is it dangerous?”
“Probably not, Sir.” Chelsie answered honestly, realizing she’d been chastised as well.
She sat back, quiet.
“Then what on Earth are you protecting access to?”
“The origin of it, Sir.”
“We already know the origin of it,” The President shook his head. “Why would we not want people to know about this?”
“The precedent it sets, Mr. President, could lead to revealing other secrets,” Chelsie explained. “Things we may be uncomfortable allowing others to know.”
Ben stared at her for a moment, then turned to his Secretary of State.
“Henry,” The President set the model down shaking his head in disbelief. “How quick before we can have the U.N. convene a joint session of all heads of state?”
Henry Borganson’s brow furrowed. “That’s tough…maybe forty-eight hours or possibly more, Sir. They’ll have to send invitations, fly folks in…hotels…logistics could be problematic.”
“Fine,” Benjamin Perry stood. “We’ll be ready to offer what we know to the world in forty-eight hours if the U.N. can convene a General Assembly of the heads of state. Henry, get me a briefing with the Secretary General as quick as possible. Here.” He turned to John Steedmann. “You have thirty-six hours to do whatever you need to do but I need a complete package by then.”
The NASA Director nodded.
“Mr. President, I object to this path.” General Thymogan stated emphatically.
“George,” Linda Carmichael whispered to the General. “This is not an issue to press.”
 “I support the objection, Sir.” The CIA Director nodded agreement as she spoke up.
“Your objections are noted and I appreciate them,” The President smiled. “However, I’ve already decided this will be shared with the world. NASA will maintain control of the object and will oversee any and all analysis, but we will place absolutely no limits on access to the material by any country’s scientists under a controlled environment.”
Both the CIA Director and General looked uncomfortable.
“Ladies and Gentlemen,” The President stared at both. “I’ve made my decision.”
“I understand, Mr. President, but I still feel very strongly this is the wrong path to take.” The General continued to make his case. “We know nothing about how this could be used against us.”
The CIA Director remained silent.
President Perry looked at the man for a moment, then stood. “Thank you all for coming. Linda, Henry, Murray, Jim please remain.” He looked at the NASA Director. “John, please wait outside for a moment.”
The room quickly emptied except for the Secretary of Defense, Secretary of State, the Vice President and Jim Steedlemann, the President’s Press Secretary.
As soon as the door to the Oval Office closed once more, all again took their seats.
Perry was candid and direct. “I expect the General’s resignation and request for retirement on my desk in one hour.” He looked down at his binder then up at the Defense Secretary. “One hour or I fire him.”
“Mr. President…” Linda began.
Perry quickly interrupted her. “The General has taken to objecting anytime I make a decision about anything, whether it be relations with the UAA, defense matters and now even NASA matters.” He paused. “I understand he’s concerned and feels he’s doing his job.” She started to say something and he held up a hand. “I’ve made my decision. He can retire based on health or whatever excuse he wants to use. Let’s not make this messy. He’s done a hell of a job for me, but it’s time to go. I’ll also need your recommendations for an interim and his replacement.”
Linda nodded and sat back as Perry turned to Jim Borinson. “Jim, work with Linda’s folks to do a glowing write-up of the General. Full court press on the news folks. I want a top-notch retirement ceremony for the man.” He looked at Linda. “He was a war hero and we’ll honor him as one along with his dedicated service as the Chairman. Make the whole thing flashy and one to remember – one the world should see.” Perry looked back at Linda. “Let him know we want to make this work for him. I don’t need bad blood when there doesn’t need to be any.”
“Henry,” Ben looked at the Secretary of State. “I expect you’ll be busy shortly. Anyone who wants to speak with me concerning the object is to be put through.” He paused. “I want absolute transparency on this. Understood?”
“That could be a lot of calls, Sir.”
Perry nodded. “So be it. Let’s try and keep the times civilized but I’ll speak with anyone at any time.” He paused. “I mean that – anyone, anytime.” The President stood. “Thank you all. Murray, Jim please stay back.”
The Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State left as the President asked that the NASA Director be escorted back in.
Moments later, the door opened and John Steedmann came back into the room.
Ben greeted the man with an extended hand. “Amazing work, John.”
“I really can’t take any credit, Mr. President,” John replied as he shook the man’s hand. “This was absolute pure luck.”
“That may be,” Ben agreed. “But it was the U.S. who discovered it. I would imagine Russia and China will be re-examining every one of their samples once this gets out just as I’m sure your folks will be taking a second look at all of ours,” He paused a moment, motioning to a chair. “Make sure you get the Smithsonian folks involved from the beginning – this’ll all end up in their ballpark so we may as well get them in on the ground floor. And that brings me to my point. Sit down.”
As all four men sat down, the President took a sip of coffee. 
“We’re at a turning point, John,” He paused a moment. “I would think that once this gets out, the idea of going to Mars on single missions is going to get eclipsed quickly by the idea of colonizing the planet.”
The other three stared at the President, silent.
Ben continued. “I think the U.S. needs to take the lead on the idea of colonizing the planet. Not just some tiny habitat we crawl in and out of for a few days and leave.” He paused as if collecting his thoughts. “We need to look at the idea of a large and very permanent presence on the planet.”
“Mr. President…” John began.
Ben held up a hand. “I’m not going to do some JFK on you,” He laughed. “But I want your folks to start coming up with an idea I can float to the world to get a project started that involves anyone…and I mean anyone…who wants to become part of this.”
“Mr. President, I…”
“I’m giving you and your team one year to give me an idea I can float to the combined U.N., John,” The President stood. “Not one day more.” He held out his hand once more. “Next year’s Christmas present to the world.” 
John Steedmann stood, unsure what he could say as he took the President’s offered hand. 
Finally, he nodded. “We’ll have something for you, Sir.”
The President’s smile beamed. “Gentlemen, for the first time in a very long time, we have brokered a tenuous but real peace on the entire planet,” He escorted the other three to the door. “There is, as of this moment, no fighting or war in any country. I have spent my life at this and I intend my legacy to be one where I extend that peace to another world and make it permanent here.”
The door closed as the three exited, leaving a jovial President Perry contemplating just how grand his Presidential Library would have to be.
He decided it would have to be big enough for two worlds.

*****
*****

CHAPTER TWO

“Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.”

André Gide

*****

23 DECEMBER 2031; 1800 HOURS 
ASSEMBLY OF NATIONS, UNITED NATIONS HEADQUARTERS
NEW YORK, N.Y.

“…the President of the United States.”
President Perry stood to thunderous applause, taking in the moment and smiling as he waved to the packed room.
Representatives and heads of state of almost every nation stood, clapping and smiling as the President stepped to the podium, reaching under for the binder and setting it on the lectern.
The applause died down and President Perry took a sip of cold water as he opened the binder and nodded to the young man at the console.
The words scrolled on the teleprompters as an image appeared on the screen behind the President, the picture of Mars bold and beautiful.
He began to speak and the image of Mars slowly dissolved as an image of the artifact appeared.
For the next two hours, President Perry offered the world a vision – a vision of man permanently stretching beyond Earth to establish permanent colonies on the moon and build enormous space stations and ship docks orbiting Earth to create interplanetary ships.
He instilled a vision of using autonomous drones to retrieve space rocks, then bring them back to be mined for the metals man would need to make this dream of colonizing other worlds a reality.
And he offered a plan to send one thousand men and women to Mars to establish a permanent colony on the red planet – a colony not simply there as an expression of man’s desire to venture into space.
No, President Perry cautioned the gathered nations, this colony was envisioned to become a new and independent colony, capable of becoming, at some point in the near future, a self-sustaining and self-governing population on this new world.
He added to the dream, speaking of missions to other worlds – the moons of the gas giants that many still speculated held secrets yet untold.
To bolster his argument, he asked each in the room to remember the strange data they’d received already from some of those moons – data which suggested there was more than they may have realized waiting for man to seek out and find.
The ideas were greeted with cheers and applause even though many in the audience wondered both quietly and aloud how such dreams could ever happen.
And the President offered the answer to that question.
The United States would begin the dream and start the groundwork.
Nations would be offered a chance to join for a total annual cost of five percent of their Gross Domestic Product in cash or physical contribution to the effort.
In return, as the ores and rare metals mined from the asteroids and other space rocks were tallied, each of the countries who took part would earn a share of the profits based on their percentage contribution to the overall cost.
Gasps and head shaking greeted his proposal at this juncture, but President Perry was ignorant of it all as he concluded his briefing amid thunderous applause.
Stepping off the platform, the President was greeted by warm handshakes and polite compliments as he made his way out of the room, unaware of the serious chats now going on amongst nations and individuals.
As his entourage exited the auditorium and into a large conference room, Ben turned to his press secretary as the door closed.
“Well, Jim, first thoughts?”
“Not good, I’m afraid, Mr. President,” Jim Borinson looked around the room as everyone settled into a chair. “The five percent hit them hard and I think we’ll have problems with Russia and China – especially China now that they just got this United Asian Alliance approved by all the member countries.”
“Henry?” The President turned to his Secretary of State.
Henry Borganson’s brow furrowed. “I concur with Jim’s assessment,” He looked at some notes. “I’ve already had twelve requests for a meeting and I’m not expecting any of those to be very warm.”
Ben Perry began to see the colossal Presidential Library he envisioned to tell the story of his Presidency starting to implode.
Not a confident man in many respects, he was still a hard fighter and made up for his lack of confidence by fighting against anyone who threatened him or any of his ideas.
This was starting to look like one of those times.
“Was it the presentation?” He asked around the room.
“I think it was Mars,” John Steedmann offered. “Singular manned missions to go there and bring back a couple hundred pounds of rock are basically affordable and acceptable, Sir.” He paused a moment. “What you’re asking is to establish a whole new world.”
“Don’t they understand?” Ben asked, his anger rising a bit.
“They understand, Ben,” Murray reassured his friend and boss. “They just may not be able to afford it.”
“They don’t understand how much they stand to gain from the mining operations?” The President asked, almost incredulously. “From the science from Mars?”
“No, Ben,” Murray shook his head, realizing none of them were being listened to now. “They don’t.”
“It was the message,” The President responded almost as if he never heard the Vice President’s response. “We didn’t offer the right message.” He suddenly looked at John. “We’ve given them every access to the artifact, haven’t we?”
“Absolutely.” John responded.
Ben was pacing now. “Then it was the way I presented it. I must have really fucked up my presentation…maybe not enough confidence.”
“Mr. President,” Henry stood. “The presentation was excellent and the package they have is as complete as you could ask for.” He paused, watching the President pace. “Face it, they just may not be able to afford your dream.” He hesitated. “Maybe we need to scale it back.”
“NO!” President Perry practically roared his reply, his eyes blazing with anger. “No, no, no.” He paced a moment more, then stared at John. “How long to get the mining operations underway?”
John Steedmann sat in his seat, stunned and unsure what to say. Finally, he shrugged his shoulders, “Maybe two to three years to get the first ones out and bringing back something.”
“I want a plan of action in two months,” Ben lashed out. “We will not hold back because the world cannot and does not comprehend the importance or significance of what we do.” He paced a moment more, then stared at the group. “I will not see my legacy destroyed because of insignificant men who cannot appreciate the boldness of my vision. If it means the United States does this all by ourselves, then so be it.”
With that, he wheeled and walked out of the room, leaving his cabinet members and advisors stunned and in disbelief of what they just heard as the Secret Service scrambled to stay with their leader.
Slowly, after several minutes of simply staring at each other, they each quietly left the room, unsure of how they would respond to what they just heard.
And even more unsure how they would deal with any repercussions of opposing it.

*****

04 FEBRUARY 2032; 1400 HOURS 
MARS MANNED EXPLORATION MISSION CENTER
JOHNSON SPACE CENTER, HOUSTON, TEXAS

“OK,” John Steedmann looked around the room as he settled into his seat. “This is your dime. I’m hearing you think we can actually pull this off?”
“The Asteroid Mining Project?” Mustansar Khan, Chief Engineer for the Asteroid Mining Project, looked up, “AMP is an idea we’ve been working on for over twenty years now.” He stared at his notes. “We can easily make this happen. We definitely have the technology and we can easily bring them back into Earth orbit.” The Pakistani scientist leaned back in his chair. “The problem has always been what to do with the rocks once we get them here.”
“What do you mean?”
Khan stood up and walked to the electronic white board, then began to speak as he drew on the board, reciting an argument he’d presented probably a hundred times or more. “We can bring back almost any size body and place it anywhere in Earth orbit,” He began, drawing a round Earth then drawing various sizes of asteroids and space bodies in orbits around the planet. “The problem has always been, once we get them here, how to de-contaminate, then de-orbit them exactly where we want them.” He wrote some equations on the board. “Weight and size are the major issues. Even if we could design some sort of container to bring them down in, the weight shifting and irregular shapes pose additional problems we haven’t resolved.”
“So what’s the solution?” Asked one of the young interns accompanying John.
John stared at the young woman but couldn’t remember her name.
He knew she was an MIT grad and a brilliant thinker but he couldn’t, for the life of him, remember the woman’s name.
“The solution is simple,” Khan smiled. “We cut them up into pieces in space, then pack them into a sealed container that can be brought down to Earth, decontaminated and mined.”
“Shifting?” She asked.
“Minimal,” Khan smiled. “We can cut them up into whatever size we need to fill the container. If necessary, we can always keep the load in place with expandable foam.”
“What’s the round trip timeframe?” John asked.
“Probably two years or so,” Mustansar replied, “Maybe a bit faster depending on the target and the position of Earth relative to it when we launch.”
“Two years,” John whistled. “Why would I ever support this type of mission?”
“You haven’t until now.” Came the response.
“So why do I change my mind?” John retorted, smiling.
“Money.” Khan replied, smiling.
“How much money am I spending?” Steedmann asked.
“It’s not spending money. It’s making money. And that depends,” The scientist smiled. “When you take into account we can scout for specific bodies that contain things like gold, iridium, silver, osmium, palladium, platinum, rhenium, rhodium, ruthenium and even tungsten just to name a few of what we’ll find,” Khan pointed out. “Those alone would pay the cost of the mission and then some.” He paused, making some diagrams on the board. “Others contain iron, cobalt, manganese, molybdenum, nickel, aluminum, titanium – all metals we’ll need in very large supply to build the ships in space dock and the facilities both on Mars and the Moon.” He paused a moment. “They also contain water and oxygen, as well as hydrogen and ammonia. We’ll need all four to live and use as rocket propellant. Generating it closer to where we need it saves big money.”
“Refresh my memory,” John persisted his line of questions. “Aren’t we talking about not just bringing them back, but bringing large quantities back to even get the amount of resources we may need?”
Khan shook his head. “Not necessarily true,” He drew some representative shapes on the board. “We already know C-type asteroids have a high abundance of water and we’ll need an incredible amount of water. C-types also have a lot of organic carbon, phosphorus, and other ingredients we can easily mine then use as fertilizer to grow food.”
“You’re still not addressing the metals issue.” John reminded the man.
“Bear with me,” Mustansar held up a hand, making notations on the board with the other. “S-type bodies are also relatively easy to find and contain nickel, cobalt, gold, platinum and rhodium among other metals.”
“What are we looking at?” John persisted.
Khan paused, considering the numbers. “Hypothetically, a small ten-meter, S-type body should contain about fifteen hundred pounds of minable metal. Maybe ten percent would be rare metals like platinum and gold.”
“A lot of work for a hundred pounds,” Steedmann offered. “I’m not convinced.”
“A hundred pounds of gold is sixteen hundred ounces,” Khan reminded him. “At today’s prices…”
“Not enough.” John concluded.
“Space gold?” Mustansar smiled. “How much would someone pay for space gold?”
John nodded. “OK, I see your point,” He jotted some notes. “But NASA is not getting into the rare metals marketing business.”
Mustansar Khan nodded. “That’s why we should look for M-type bodies to start with.”
“Why M-type?”
“They contain up to ten times more metal than S-types,” Khan responded. “But they’re harder to locate.”
“So how much metal are we talking about out there?” John asked. “Is this even worth it?”
“Some of the estimates we’ve done,” Khan wrote a number on the board. “Tell us the asteroid belt alone has a billion times more metal than all the high grade metal ore in the entire crust of the Earth.” He paused. “And it’s much easier to mine once we get them here.”
“A billion?” John whistled. “And what am I hunting these things down with?”
Khan smiled. “We’ll need a fleet of autonomous robots designed to go into the areas where these are most prevalent, find specific bodies according to parameters we establish, use harpoon-like projectiles to attach themselves to the bodies, then pull them back home.”
“And how long to develop these robots?”
“We already have them.”
“We already have these?” John looked around the room at the nodding heads.
“We have about half a dozen built,” Khan remarked. “Two prototypes and four production models.”
“Why don’t I know about these?” Steedmann looked at Joanne Billingsly. “I thought I was the Director.”
Mustansar was unapologetic. “We’ve been working on this program from almost twenty years,” He reminded the Director. “And you’ve been the Director for how long?”
John smiled. “Point taken. So what would it take to get a mission going?”
“Your direction, a target and a spot on an upcoming launch,” Khan quickly responded. “We could send one, two or three up, depending on what you want.”
“How big are these things?”
“One thousand kilos launch weight.”
“Success chances?”
“Ninety percent or better,” Khan offered. “This is very simple technology, really.”
John shook his head. “I don’t like ninety percent,” He remarked. “Too confident for my blood.”
Khan appeared a bit angry at the slight rebuke. “Attach any number that makes you feel good,” He responded. “Regardless, we stand by ninety and we’ll bring back what we tell you.”
John Steedmann sat for a long moment staring at the scientist then looked around the room, watching the faces of the men and women watching him.
He made a couple notes, then looked back at Mustansar Khan, a slight smile on his face.
“Fine,” He stood, gathering his notes and data pad. “You’ve got the green light. I want to see something back here in two years…or less. How many?”
“I’d like to use three if we can.”
“Fine. Let’s find the space.” John nodded “Where do we go from here?”
“What do you mean?”
“Sending up one and two robots is going to get expensive,” John pointed out. “What’s the next level if we’re going to do this in bulk?”
Khan stared at the man for a moment. “I really haven’t thought about it. I guess the next level would be some sort of mother-ship that could travel there and release dozens…”
“Hundreds.” John corrected him.
“Hundreds of retrievers.” Khan finished. “I don’t know. I haven’t looked at the problem.”
The scientist stared at the Director, unsure what to say.
“Fine. And by the way,” John looked at his notes then around the room. “While we wait for your bots to return, since you’re so positive this is gonna be successful, start planning the next generation so we have a constant supply of incoming material. That means you have two years to resolve the problems you haven’t been able to resolve for twenty years.” He paused and smiled. “I’d get started if I were you.”
With that, the Director of NASA left the room without another word.
Mustansar Khan could only stare as he left, wondering what just happened.

*****

10 FEBRUARY 2032; 0900 HOURS 
THE OVAL OFFICE, WHITE HOUSE, WASHINGTON, D.C.

“Ambassador Yen,” The President offered his hand as the Ambassador to China entered the Oval Office. “I hope your journey was pleasant.”
A serious man who tended to be quiet with loner tendencies, the CIA dossier on Ambassador Yuan Yen also stated he was a man who enjoyed solitude and preferred to sit back and observe.
The new Ambassador was considered an ultra-private individual and rarely spoke of his feelings – the analysis stated he was insensitive to the hardships of others yet was considered a meticulous planner, well-organized and hard-working.
It also stated he tended to take a pessimistic view of most things.
“The trip was long, I’m afraid,” The Ambassador shook hands, shaking his head. “Much too long and my accommodations were not ready when I arrived.” He sat in the offered seat as President Perry took an adjoining chair. “Not a good start for my time here, I’m afraid.”
“I’m sorry,” President Perry offered sincere apologies, verifying the dossier was, in fact, correct again. The new Ambassador was definitely a pessimist, did not appreciate strangeness and disliked countercultures. He, true to the write-up, held people to high standards and probably would not accept the apology easily.
“Thank you for the kind apology, but it still does not bode well for our conversation, Mr. President,” Ambassador Yen again shook his head. “Especially on such a critical topic.”
“Of course,” Ben decided to move on. “You wished to convey a message from your government regarding the Mars mission?”
“We have grave concerns regarding the proposed project,” The Ambassador began in a punctual manner. “We are unclear how the goals of China are furthered by participation in this project with your nation.”
President Perry’s team had prepared him well for this very scenario.
“Ambassador Yen,” He began, accepting the cup of tea from the assistant and setting it down. “Clearly the world now knows Mars was a living world in the past…”
“We do not know that, Mr. President,” The Ambassador interrupted in a clear violation of protocol and setting the tone for the remainder of the discussion. “We only know what the United States claims to offer the world.”
“Do you insinuate we’ve lied to the world?” President Perry asked, maintaining an even tone of voice despite the anger building in him.
“We insinuate nothing,” The Ambassador replied in even tones. “We simply have not had these same results from our own limited explorations of the Martian surface.”
 “Come now, Ambassador Yen,” John Steedmann interrupted, his tone less balanced than the President’s. “Your government knows full well that what we’ve found is a one in a million, maybe one in a billion chance.” Against the hard looks of the President’s press secretary, John continued. “That rock could just as easily still be sitting on Mars if Poole hadn’t stubbed his boot on it. And we would’ve never known.”
Ambassador Yen stared at the man as if looking at an unruly child. “I’ll excuse your rudeness, young man, and, while I’m sure that’s true, but, again, it’s only your country that seems to have that kind of luck.”
“Your scientists have examined it,” John offered. “They seem to come to the same conclusions as we have.”
“They lack the discipline to examine things from every angle,” The Ambassador countered. “That is why they sit in jobs that make little difference and that is why they were sent on such a low-level mission.”
Ben Perry made a mental note to congratulate the CIA analysts on their work.
The Ambassador was, in fact, an ass.
He decided to take a different route to convince the Ambassador.
“John is passionate about the work he and his teams at NASA do and we’re damn proud of them,” The President began. “But let’s look at this from a different perspective, Ambassador.”
The Ambassador took a sip of tea as he stared at the President, ensuring that, as he put the cup down, it was done meticulously and the cup placed in the exact same position it was before he picked it up.
Something lay on the white cloth covering the table between the two men and the Ambassador flicked it off, a look of disgust flashing across his face.
Clean, thorough, detail-oriented.
President Perry continued. “Does it not make more sense to combine the efforts of many to achieve the same goal of exploring Mars rather than work individually and perhaps achieve less?”
“Only when the goals are the same,” The Ambassador pointed out. “When goals are different, then the manner of achieving them must be different.”
“How are our goals so different, Mr. Ambassador?”
The Ambassador simply smiled. “Tradition is very important to our culture even if not to yours,” He held up a hand to stop interruptions. “That is not an insult, simply a fact.” Yuan Yen paused a moment. “Simply because our goals may not be the same as yours or others who participate in this endeavor does not imply we find no merit in it.”
It was President Perry’s turn to say nothing as he watched the man.
“Whether we choose to continue to participate has not been decided by my government,” He continued. “However, whether we choose to contribute to this project or not, I have been asked to notify you the UAA, supported by the Chinese people, will now embark on a separate effort to place stations in Earth’s orbit, conduct our own mining missions and work toward establishing permanent, peaceful colonies to conduct scientific research on both the Moon and Mars.” 
“Like you did in the South China Sea fifteen years ago,” Linda Carmichael whispered to General Jonathan Buchannan, the new Chairman of the Joint Chiefs sitting next to her. The whisper was barely audible but nonetheless heard by all, including the President and the Ambassador in the quiet of the room.
“Our efforts in the South China Sea, young lady,” The Ambassador turned his ire to her. “Are based on the right to protect our sovereign lands.” He suddenly smiled. “We do nothing in that area except scientific and environmental research.”
“With permanent anti-aircraft weapon emplacements, shore-to-ship batteries, laser emplacements and military aircraft?” Linda Carmichael shot back, ignoring the disapproving look of the President.
“Facilities built to support periodic deployments for training only,” The Ambassador waved her off. “Nothing more. The aircraft are there because we serve as the only capable Search and Rescue facility in the entire region.”
“Seems your search and rescue didn’t do a damn thing when our plane was shot down,” Linda responded, her smile barely concealing her contempt as the President looked on, horrified at the boldness displayed by both the Secretary and the Ambassador.
“A most unfortunate incident,” The Ambassador nodded. “We have apologized for the inadvertent firing of the system during the training exercise.” He smiled. “Perhaps if your aircraft were not within our sovereign airspace. We did send out SAR teams but, as we told your government, we found no survivors and the wreckage we located was immediately turned over along with the remains.”
“Thirty miles is not your sovereign airspace,” Linda responded.
“You are correct. Our sovereign airspace extends two hundred miles. A matter of perspective, Madam Secretary,” The Ambassador responded calmly. “May I suggest in the future your military maintain at least that two-hundred-mile distance from our facilities to avoid these terrible mistakes, as we have continually asked for the past fifteen years.”
“And may I suggest you be very careful as well,” The Defense Secretary shot back. “Wars get started from less.”
The Ambassador was about to reply when the President interrupted the exchange.
“Mr. Ambassador,” The President smiled, horrified at the turn of the discussion yet trying his best to not allow his emotions to show. “We’re getting off track here. The Mars mission.”
“Of course,” The Ambassador smiled and nodded. “As I said, we will continue to discuss our participation in this worthy endeavor but we also reserve the right,” He stared at Linda. “As a sovereign nation, to undertake any space exploration we choose for reasons we decide benefit our nation and continued goals.”
The discussion continued for thirty minutes more, touching on economic packages and treaties as well as ensuring the Ambassador was settled into his new home as quickly as possible, before Ambassador Yuan Yen took his leave, offering a copy of his credentials and a sheath of papers to the President’s Chief of Staff as he was escorted out.
As the door closed, the President and his staff took their seats once more.
“Well,” President Perry looked around the room, sarcasm in his voice from the outset. “That went about as well as could be expected given my advisors can’t seem to hold their tongues.”
“Actually, Ben,” Vice President Murray Gordon smiled, “I thought it went exceptionally well.”
“Really,” President Perry stared at his friend. “How so?”
“C’mon, Ben,” Murray chided him. “That man came in here with a single goal in mind and he was going to accomplish it no matter what. He wanted to provoke you regardless of what you tried to say.” Murray looked around. “While I don’t condone exactly how they did it, your staff jumped that son-of-a-bitch with some very well-placed jabs of their own.”
“Jabs? He’s a newly appointed Ambassador, for God’s sake, Murray,” President Perry stared at the man. “What type of impression does he have of us?”
“The same one he came in with,” Linda spoke up. “This man is a perfectionist. He avoids mistakes. He’s not adventurous or spontaneous. He’s realistic and conventional and he always follows the rules.” She paused. “Oh hell, this is a guy who’d rather be friendless than jobless.”
Snickers greeted her from around the room.
Except President Perry.
“He’s their newly appointed Ambassador.” The President repeated, shaking his head. “My Lord, what have we done?”
“We’ve done nothing and he doesn’t give a rat’s ass what you say or think,” Henry Borganson, his Secretary of State stated matter-of-factly. “His speech was prepared long before he got here and they’ll do exactly like they intend to do no matter what you say.”
“So you think they’re out.” Ben stared at the Secretary.
Henry looked around the room, receiving nods from everyone. “They and the UAA were out before he walked in here. They knew it, he knew it and we knew it. You may not have realized it, but that’s a fact.”
“The Russians?” The President asked, visibly rebuked by the stinging criticism.
“In,” Henry responded. “Hard hit economically but still in. The mining will be the key to keep them in the game.”
“The mining?”
“They’ll be watching to see what happens,” John interrupted. “If we can pull this off, they’ve asked to join in the effort to double the numbers we can bring back to mine out.”
“Sounds acceptable.” The President nodded.
“There’s a catch.” John added.
“Oh?”
“They want the ability to establish a separate colony on Mars once we land,” John responded. “If they choose.”
“Absolutely unacceptable!” The President replied emphatically, waving his hand. “This isn’t an extension of the border wars on Earth to another planet.”
“Ben, you need to be careful here,” Murray cautioned. “Don’t make a decision that’s gonna bite us in the ass.”
“I don’t care,” Ben Perry shook his head. “No deal.”
“Oh for hell’s sake,” John Steedmann stared at the man. “You’ll be long gone when we get this thing done…IF we ever get it done.” John shook his head in disgust. “Dammit, agree to the terms and let it go.”
The President stared at him.
“Geez,” John stared back at the man as if he couldn’t believe his eyes. “If it’s your damn legacy you’re worried about, give the Russians what they want. Whatever poor bastard is stuck in this damn hell hole when and if this ever does happen is gonna have to deal with whoever is running that miserable country then.”
“John, I could ask for your resignation for that,” Ben Perry spoke softly yet with a clear threat in his voice. “I don’t appreciate…”
“I’ll save you the damn trouble,” John stood. “You have it and I’m done.”
He stared to leave, only to be stopped by Murray Gordon as he stood and blocked John’s way. “John, stop.” Murray turned on the President. “He’s right and you damn well know it,” He pointed John back to his chair, hoping the man would sit back down, then stared at Ben. “Your ego is a bit big these days and you’re worried about shit we have no control over.”
“Murray…” The President held up a hand.
“Either you start using some common sense about this whole Mars Dream,” Murray sat back down as John sat back in his chair. “Or you’ll end up being the only one talking about it while the rest of the world laughs at you.” He paused. “And you’ll lose this election.”
For a long moment, the President sat, staring at the members of his inner circle.
“Is that how all of you feel?” He asked softly, looking around the room.
Nods greeted his glances.
“Fine,” President Benjamin Perry stood, the rest standing in response. “Maybe you’re right.” He paused a moment. “Is it still a worthy project?”
John immediately responded. “Absolutely, Mr. President, if we do it right.”
Nods all around.
“The Chinese and the UAA?”
“Out.” Henry responded.
“John?” The President stared at his Director. “You still on board?”
“Your choice, Mr. President.”
“Fine. Murray,” The President nodded to his friend. “Can you handle this?”
Vice President Gordon nodded. “You have an election to win or this project dies.” He looked around the room. “I’ve got it handled.”
“You realize my legacy is in your hands,” The President remarked to his friend then looked at the big NASA Director. “John, make it happen.”
“Mr. President,” John stared at the man. “Do you realize exactly what you’re asking NASA to do?”
“John,” The President nodded and stared back at the man. “I do and I’m asking the only man I know who can make it happen to handle it.”
“Mr. President,” John attempted to instill common sense in an argument he felt was already out of control. “Space stations, new operations, new concepts…colonizing another world…my Lord, just the technology involved…not to mention the staff I’ll need. The budget…the labs…the industrial complex that has to be developed.”
The President nodded as he picked up his folder and moved toward the massive desk.
As he circled it, he looked at his NASA Director. “If I didn’t think we could do this, I wouldn’t have offered it to the world.” He set the folder down, then looked at them all. “Sometimes we need to make a statement.” The president paused. “And sometimes that statement needs to be bold.”
John Steedmann stared at the President for what seemed a lifetime before following the Vice President from the room, all the while shaking his head and wondering just how in hell he would make this happen.
Bold was one thing…impossible was another.

*****

*****

CHAPTER THREE

“Build then the ship of death, for you must take the longest journey, to oblivion.”

David Herbert Lawrence

*****

21 JUNE 2050; 0900 HOURS 
SOMEWHERE NORTH OF WINCHESTER AIRFIELD, NEVADA

Bryce banked hard, focusing on the target and breathing quick shallow breaths as the plane responded immediately to his command.
His suit responded almost as quickly, sections instantly inflating while others deflated to keep his blood from pooling and his blood pressure level.
Despite the intense G-forces imposed by the violent turn, the suit prevented him from blacking out as those same G-forces pushed his body hard into the padded seat of his jet.
His fingers raced across touch screens, configuring the aircraft for the impending attack as he concentrated on his adversary and commanding his jet into an even tighter turn simply by thinking the maneuver and feeling the increased pressure of additional G-forces on his body. 
Even with the forced air cooling his face and head in his helmet, sweat beaded on his forehead from the strain of the dogfight and was just as quickly wicked away from his skin by the Zirmex balaclava he wore under the helmet.
The target, a prototype of a next generation advanced and artificially intelligent combat drone called the Viper, anticipated his attempt to get inside its turn and reversed itself, corkscrewing immediately into an aileron roll, then angling upward to execute an Immelmann turn.
Without a human pilot, the forces of gravity meant little to the sleek robot jet as long as those forces didn’t violate its engineering limits.
Its systems and artificial intelligence predicted the pilot in the plane behind it could not anticipate or maintain the intensity of this set of maneuvers and the drone should come out of the Immelmann in an optimal firing position to end the combat.
Its active forward and rear radar systems indicated there were no additional targets.
Staring up at the target, Bryce caught only a glimpse of the sky blue and light gray camouflage-painted drone as it reversed itself before he put his own fighter into a quick vertical climb out of the turn, then spun his own aircraft using an aileron roll so that the drone should be visible over his head.
There was nothing above him or in his mirrors.
Could the damn thing have anticipated this move?
Counting to three, he pulled back again, feeling the G’s as the new PAT vectoring engines put his aircraft on its back almost immediately.
Where was the son of a bitch?
Bryce started to second-guess his gut feeling, wondering how he was going to explain the drone shooting him down.
He quickly scanned the sky, looking for something to give the little bastard away.
There.
The ghost-like disturbance in the air.
It had to be the drone.
Bryce rolled his aircraft, angling down to that point in the sky where he wanted to start his attack and switching his acquisition radar to a standby mode.
He didn’t want the damn thing to hear him.
As luck would have it, he would be coming out of the sun.
Concentrating on the wavering blur and completely focused, he watched as it became less of a blur and more distinct.
The camouflage was good, but not that good.
His fingers raced across the screens on the side panels of the cockpit as he absorbed a vast amount of information on the Head-Up Display in the visor of his helmet.
The stealthy robot aircraft was in a perfectly vertical climb and looked to use its own PAT vectoring engines combined with air braking to begin what looked like an Immelmann turn.
An Immelmann turn.
For a split second, Bryce marveled at the idea of using the whole set of maneuvers the drone had just completed to culminate in a stunt from the days of biplanes in such a situation.
He’d have to remember it.
Bryce activated his radar as the drone was midway through the Immelmann, flooding the drone’s system with the acquisition tone.
As the tone in his ears almost immediately switched from a seek tone to the warble of a lock-on, Bryce waited for the little jet to complete the Immelmann, then fired his weapons by simply thinking the command as the drone tried using directional thrust to bring its own weapons to bear on him.
Gotcha.
Even though his adversary saw his move at the last second, there was nothing the Viper could do to escape Bryce’s attack and although the firing of his weapons was electronically simulated, had the situation been a real combat engagement, the rapid burst of laser and kinetic-energy cannon fire would have destroyed the drone.
Bryce chuckled with a big grin on his face as the tone in his ear changed, signaling a kill.
Maybe, just maybe, he thought, the drone was surprised at what just happened.
Whatever the drone thought or felt was not visually apparent as the little jet immediately assumed level flight, then turned one hundred and eighty degrees to head away from Bryce.
He joined the Viper moments later, a little aft and slightly above the sleek little jet, as both aircraft continued on a course back to base.
Bryce relaxed a moment, reconfiguring his own jet and the cockpit for the long cruise back and savoring the victory.
Loosening the straps enough to shift his body slightly, he gazed at the deep blue above him, lost for a minute as he again marveled at the thought of space and space travel.
Even though his jet could fight effectively for short periods just below the one-hundred-kilometer limit that defined sub-orbital flight, he always pushed the envelope, trying to fly just a bit higher.
It was at those times when he could see the edge of the atmosphere, the curve of the Earth, and the darkness of space when he felt he understood how John Gillespie Magee felt as he wrote his poem.
Taking a deep breath, he keyed the mic.
“Eagle Command, Whiskey Leader. Scratch another.” He smiled, thought better of what he wanted to say, then continued anyway. “Don’t these guys make a smarter one? These tests are getting boring.”
The voice in his ear was obviously irritated. “Whiskey Leader, Eagle Command. Good hunting.” There was a pause. “Now get back here and let’s figure out how you won.”
Bryce chuckled, then responded. “Because I’m damn good, that’s why.”
The response was curt, “Uh huh.”
Bryce grinned as he pushed the point. “Do I get to add another star?”
The response was even terser, “No.”
Bryce chuckled.
They just didn’t have a sense of humor.
He pushed just a bit more. “Yeah, you’re right. I should have to work for it before I can add another one.”
At the airfield, General Johanson stared out the window of the tower then tossed the communications unit on the counter and turned to the President of Decker Aerospace, Inc., Ronald M. Decker, shaking his head.
“Mr. Decker,” The General looked down at the screen, watching a replay simulating the kill and feeling the irritation and anger rise a notch higher in him. “For close to fifty years, this country has depended more and more on autonomous aircraft.” He paused. “Robots.” He said disdainfully.
Tapping the screen, Johanson continued. “They’ve served us well and I’ll be the first to admit we need the next generation of these aircraft.”
The General looked at the Air Force officers around him, some staring stoically at the staff of Decker Aerospace while others either looked out the windows or continued to make notes on their copies of the technical sheets for the demonstration.
He turned back at Decker then growled. “But I’ve made no bones about the fact I don’t like your little drone or the idea you think your technology can replace every man in every cockpit.”
Ron Decker grimaced as his creation was once again deliberately insulted by people using the word “drone”.
Johanson continued. “Unfortunately and against my better judgment, I may have to spend one hell of a lot of money on your toy, then hope it defends this country for the next twenty years against people who may not fly as well as that man just did, but who are just as dedicated and, worse yet, think they can win this damn war.” He stared out at the horizon and took a very deep breath. “I don’t know what ass you kissed to win this competition, because I’m not convinced this drone of yours can hold a dime to real pilots. And I’m certainly not convinced it was better than the competition you faced from Boeing, Apex, or GD.”
Decker stared back, equally irritated. “General, your pilot did something we never anticipated….”
“You damn right he did something you never thought of,” The General roared, overriding him. “That’s why he’s a damn good pilot. He’s alive because he does things you don’t think of.” The General’s finger was practically jamming a hole in the screen, still replaying the kill. “That’s why he wins and that’s why he’s an ace times six over against the best in the world.”
The General took another deep breath as he shook his head then almost hissed at the man standing in front of him as he stabbed the glass screen once more. “And you and those kiss-ass idiot engineers you have running around here better damn well figure out if your little toy can handle this kind of pilot.” He stared at the people surrounding him. “Because right now and against real pilots, your toys don’t amount to squat.”
“General, I don’t appreciate the insults…”
“Shut up,” General Johanson interrupted him, roaring at the man again. “I don’t care what you appreciate right now.”
The General started to walk out, then turned around and pointed his index finger once again directly at Decker, staring down it as if it could deliver a bolt of lightning. “In case you’ve forgotten, we’re in a damn shooting war right now and if you can’t get these piece of shit tin cans to do better in the next set of trials, I’ll make damn sure none of them ever wear Air Force blue or see a real mission other than hauling bubblegum to kids and toilet paper to troops.” He stabbed the finger at the man for emphasis. “You got me straight?”
Ronald Decker could only nod as the General turned and left, slamming the door behind him and cracking the glass in the door’s window.

*****

21 JUNE 2050; 1500 HOURS
WINCHESTER AIRFIELD, NEVADA

“Where did you dig up that move?” Pete “Sundown” Yowacowski laughed as he slapped Bryce on the back. “I heard old Decker came unglued when you splashed that tin can.”
Bryce chuckled as he picked up one towel, wrapped it around his waist then another and started drying his hair as water dripped on the floor. “I still dunno,” He looked at Pete. “How’d you do?”
“I had the intercept mission today,” He held up five fingers. “Five in,” He turned the hand into a fist with the thumb pointed own. “Five down.”
Bryce shook his head.
Damn.
Pete laughed. “I know. I came in from just under sub-orbital and caught ‘em on the backside of a thunderstorm. They didn’t even see me,” Pete paused and assumed a body-builder pose, flexing his biceps. “These things just can’t beat real pilots.”
“Colonel Tyrell.” the voice boomed through the pilots' locker room.
Bryce stopped drying his hair when he heard his name called.
“Over here” Pete yelled out.
Bryce shot a glance at Pete, standing next to him with a towel wrapped around his waist, water dripping off his body, and frowned.
The small group of pilots in various states of undress around them in the well apportioned dressing room laughed as Pete playfully punched Bryce in the upper arm as he struggled to get his flight suit back on.
“Colonel Tyrell,” General Frederick “Cobra” Johanson's voice boomed as he rounded the corner, then faced the group.
Bryce stared, shocked, for a split second before coming to attention, his suit bunched around his thighs.
The remainder of the group followed his lead – snapping to attention as towels bunched around ankles or hung haphazardly off their waists in the steamy air of the locker room.
“At ease, dammit.” The General's height dominated the room, filling it with a commanding presence as he walked deliberately across the plush carpeting. “Make yourself presentable, Tyrell.” He turned to the colonel next to him. “Naked and half-dressed pilots. What type of outfit is this?”
The Colonel accompanying the General chuckled, shifting the large black nylon duffel bag on his shoulder. “It’s a shame, sir.”
“No wonder they want to replace these knuckleheads with robots.” the General smiled. Obviously, both men were in a good mood. The General turned to Pete. “Damn good intercept, Yowacowski.”
Pete snapped to attention and saluted as his towel once again fell to the floor, replying in crisp military fashion. “Thank you, sir.”
The General mused out loud, exaggerating his disdain by throwing his hands up and outward, then pointing at Yowacowski. “Not one defensive weapon deployed against this excuse of a pilot,” He shook his head. “How are the strategic boys supposed to bomb any kind of target if these damn things can’t even defend themselves or see an attack coming from a single aircraft piloted by someone with a paltry seventeen kills to his name?”
Everyone chuckled, including the General as he slapped Yowacowski on the shoulder. “Damn good shooting.”
Bryce struggled with the fasteners on his flight suit, the Duromesh material clinging to his wet skin and making it difficult to get the normally skin-tight suit to fit properly.
He finally gave up, the suit fastened only half-way up his torso.
Shit.
He stood, at attention in his bare feet, in front of the Commander-in-Chief, United States Air Force, Tactical Command in the steamy air of the room.
And felt small.
Very small.
The General turned back to Bryce, immediately noting his lack of dress with a shake of the head, then began, smiling. “I want to be the first to congratulate you, Colonel. Before you hear all the rumors, it’s true, Bryce. You’ve been selected as Commander, First Mars Air Reconnaissance Squadron,” He laughed. “The First MARS stationed on Mars. What idiot…” Shaking his head, he faced the rest of the pilots in the room. “For the rest of you screwballs....” His gaze swept the remainder of the group. “This means the Colonel will no longer be leading your happy asses. We don’t have a lot of you hot-shot bastards flying real fighters these days and we’ve just lost a damn good one,” The General paused for effect. “Think about this. This man has been chosen to not only command the first ship to land permanent colonists on the Martian surface and set up the zone to land that first cube, he is also now the Commander of the first air squadron on the planet. He will be one of the first true colonist to set foot on Mars from this planet and its first military commander,” He paused and smiled a big toothy smile at Bryce. “But you will still be under my command.” Another pause and a laugh. “And no, you don’t get thirty-one shooting down a cheap shit tin can drone in a test.”
Bryce grinned while everyone around laughed.
The General continued. “Hell of a lot of firsts here and I’m damn proud of not just him but every one of you,” He chuckled. “I still don't have all the details, but I just got the word and I decided I would be the first to congratulate you. Of course, there'll be some damn formal ceremony and all, with all the associated monkey bullshit and hot air bags out of D.C. and the Pentagon,” The General smiled. “And yes, I just want you to know I’m jealous as hell.” He paused, grinning like a school boy. “Regardless, Colonel, congratulations and God speed.”
The general stuck out his hand and gave Bryce a vigorous handshake to the roar of congratulations from the men and women around them.
“Now get your ass up to my office ASAP. I've still got about a thousand things to do, Colonel, and I don't intend to waste my day babysitting some zipper-suited sun-god on his way to glory.” The General looked at the group. “First thing we need to figure out is who I’m gonna have to try to convince to take over for you and lead this bunch of damn clowns. Not only that, but how the hell am I gonna control your ass on another world when I can hardly control you or these knuckleheads on this one. And…on top of that, our Russian friends are coming over in a month to discuss tactics and this unit is scheduled to put on a demonstration.” He stared at Bryce. “And you were the main act.”
The men and women surrounding the three began a series of hoots and ho-ahs, the General joining in and pumping his own fist in the air with the rest of them.
Though he was in charge of thousands of aircraft, women and men, the General always would be part of this unit – the 1977th Aerospace Fighter Squadron – The Black Demons. The “Cobra” was a legend not only for the sixty-one confirmed combat kills he had to his credit and close to a hundred unconfirmed that were most likely his, but for the methods he used to achieve almost all of them.
He forced his fighter to do things it wasn’t exactly designed to do in his attacks, especially those maneuvers where he pushed the limits of flight and combat on the edges of sub-orbital space.
The men loved him as one of their own and he returned that love by making sure his unit was always in the front of everything, from new equipment to special opportunities.
He was and always would be one of them.
The hooting and raucous jostling died down and the General turned around to leave, then spun back around. “Bryce,” he pointed a finger. “Don’t ever forget you’re a Demon. You may be some damn astronaut with some fancy call sign, but you’re always one of us, even if you’re on a shit hole red planet a million miles away.”
“Yes, sir.”
The General smiled, shook his head and left, muttering just loud enough something about what Bryce must have done to get the slot.
The aide stepped up smiling and handed Bryce the large and very heavy duffle bag.
“We had an inkling this might happen. The General called in a couple favors to get these for everyone,” He offered Bryce his hand. “Congrats, bud.” then gave him a hearty handshake and quickly followed the General.
Bryce blinked with surprise, barely feeling the good-natured slaps on his back from the other pilots as Pete opened the bag and began hooting once more.
Inside were more than enough bottles of limited purchase alcohol and boxes of equally forbidden cigars for each person in the room with plenty for Bryce to enjoy later on.
Pete held the bag open as each pilot took a box of the illegal smokes while bottles of champagne and other drinks were opened.
The air in the room quickly filled with aromatic smoke as champagne corks bounced off ceilings and locker walls.
Shortly afterwards, sitting in the ready room, Bryce took a puff on his cigar as he sat back in the plush unit commander’s chair, the glass holding ice cubes swimming in amber bourbon sitting on the table next to him.
He liked this chair and had spent many a pre-mission briefing in it.
Taking another pull, he realized he was going to miss this chair as he sipped the cold liquid.
Looking up at the clock as he exhaled a puff of smoke, Bryce realized he had to get up to the General’s office, but for this moment – this one quiet moment – he savored the dark rich flavor from the hand-rolled tobacco, his suit still zipped only half-way up and his bare feet resting on the table in front of him as he dipped the end of it in the bourbon.
And smiled.
Damn.
One minute, he's just another one of the team shooting for the stars, thinking he doesn't have a snowball's chance in hell of ever getting selected for the program.
The next, he's told that he'll not only be one of the first colonist to step on Mars, but the first Commander of the first military air unit on the planet as well.
It was almost too incredible to believe.

*****

21 JUNE 2050; 1500 HOURS
CAPE CANAVERAL SPACE CENTER, FLORIDA

“T-minus sixteen seconds and counting.”
“Activate launch pad sound suppression system.”
The reply was almost immediate. “Pad sound suppression system activated, all systems green.”
“T-minus ten seconds and counting.”
“Activate main engine hydrogen burn off system.”
“Main engine fuel burn-off system activated.”
“Eight.”
“Seven.”
“Main engine start.”
“Four.”
“Three.”
“Two.”
“One.”
The main engines ignited and the rocket, released from its locking devices holding it in place, hesitated for a moment as it settled onto the pad then began to rise into the air, picking up speed as it went.
“Liftoff…We have liftoff of the final component to complete Serenity Space Station.” The soft feminine voice enunciated over the loudspeakers in Mission Control, on loudspeakers all around the base and over the multiple media outlets covering this historic launch.
In the stands surrounding the launch pad, thousands cheered the occasion, their hearts, for one moment lost in the fantasy of space rather than in the reality of the world surrounding them. 
As the ship lifted into the sky, commands and replies were automatically being generated and replied to by artificial intelligence systems in the ship as it lifted gracefully into the sky and in Mission Control as thousands of on-board systems were being monitored.
Even with all the technology surrounding them, the human element remained, controllers, each still responsible for their individual systems as they had been for decades before, remaining alert for any deviation in the planned path or operations.
The Launch Director watched, a tear in her eye, as the magnificent sight played out in front of her, the trail of flame pushing the rocket higher and higher.
The men and women on her team watched from their individual station, their fingers and hands scrolling through reams of information as it flowed into the center, watching screens of data and deftly manipulating three-dimensional models being updated in real time as facts and figures continued to change.
It was a ballet she had watched dozens of times, never growing tired of the intricate balance of man and machine working together in synchronicity.
“Go for rotate.”
“Go for rotate.”
Unable to see the rocket any longer, she turned her attention to the enormous monitor in front of her, watching the rocket gracefully spin ever so slowly as it continued to climb into the upper edges of the atmosphere, carrying the heavy payload up to its final destination.
Next to it was the image of Serenity Space Station on the large monitor to the left, hanging in space like some magnificent model.
It was absolutely beautiful she thought and the final component – the remaining section of the central hub – would not only complete the construction of the station but signal the closing of the final phase of construction of the orbiting complex.
Wistfully she wiped the tear from her eye.
This had been her life for so long, watching the slow assembly of the various components signifying man’s first real permanent extension of himself in space.
She thought back to the early days – the days of Mercury and Apollo – when man stepped tentatively into the vacuum of space to make his mark.
The crowning achievement had been when he set foot on the Moon, claiming the cold and barren body for his own.
Then came the pullback, as it was now called, when, instead of reaching for the stars, man instead decided to orbit Earth instead, building one after another of the cramped and simplistic space stations.
That effort culminated in the Second International Space Station, twice as large as the first, but still a cobbled together creation of modules and components developed not as part of some grand plan but almost as some type of afterthought.
And even though man was content to remain in orbit around his own planet, there had been forays into the vastness of space.
The heady days of Hermes had followed, when man journeyed to Mars, the five two-person journeys marking a new era for humans.
Sadness filled her for a moment as she remembered the two missions that had failed, the last dooming the Hermes program forever.
One crew remained on Mars – Hermes Two – entombed in their ship when it had failed to ignite for the return trip.
They remained alive for two weeks as they and every space agency on Earth tried everything to get the faulty systems to work just once more.
Finally, after every option and idea had been explored and either discarded or vainly attempted, Commander Joseph Burlinski and his partner Deputy Commander Belinda McCormick communicated once last time with NASA and their parents on Earth, telling all not to feel remorse or sadness.
Told they could survive for at least sixty more days on the remaining food, water and air regeneration systems, both thanked NASA for all the hard work, but explained the system problems were fatal – the ship was not going to leave Mars.
Both were young, single and without partners and each had volunteered for the mission.
They seemed happy as they spoke with those on Earth for the last time, neither regretting any part of the journey or even what had happened with the ship.
They passed along all they had learned and all they had surmised, wanting none of the information they had gathered to be lost, then asked NASA to someday bring them back to Earth, explaining they would leave the scientific materials, samples and other items neatly stacked in the lower hold while they would remain in the crew compartment.
As a last request, both asked to be buried with the other on Earth in his hometown of Marshalltown, Iowa.
It was at that moment, they revealed to NASA they had fallen in love.
Burlinski explained they had planned to be married once they returned to Earth and had planned to settle outside his hometown to raise kids and corn.
In a quiet moment and in a humble voice, Joe then asked the folks at NASA to marry them now, Belinda holding his arm tightly and smiling.
Joe laughed, letting them know they even had the rings with them – they had intended to speak of the rings having been to Mars when they were married.
He smiled as he kissed Belinda, telling all that he had been blessed with her love and couldn’t imagine a more beautiful bride.
McCormick detailed the manner in which they would end the journey they had undertaken so long ago, explaining they would leave all systems operational except interior monitoring so the data gathering of Mars could continue as long as the ships sensors and energy systems held out.
The solar arrays were deployed and they expected the systems would stay operational for at least six months, maybe longer.
Almost as an afterthought, she explained she and Joe wanted to have their last moments private and alone with each other.
She apologized to NASA and the world, then kissed him again.
The two had been married in a quick ceremony and the final call had continued for several hours until both finally bid Earth a last farewell, smiling as the last image of them together faded to black.
Moments later all interior visual feeds to the crew compartment and the data gathering systems on each of them were also terminated.
True to their word, ship health and wellness data as well as sensor data from the lower hold and exterior sensors continued in an unbroken stream.
Then both, in a mutual pact, overrode all protection protocols, silenced the alarms that would inevitably sound and barely cracked the oxygen release valve ever so slightly.
They had engineered it so that the leak was virtually imperceptible and would take several hours to have its effect.
Almost four hours later, both fell into a deep sleep holding each other in a tender embrace – one from which neither awoke as the last of their oxygen seeped gently into the Martian atmosphere.
The second lost crew was somewhere yet undiscovered.
Commander Dimitri Kovolevski and Deputy Commander Marc Hermington had completed the Mars surface mission – a surface mission lasting a record sixty days – before blasting off from the surface to rendezvous with their mother ship.
Combined with the two robot technicians they had brought with them, they had gathered enormous quantities of rock specimens and accomplished more scientific research than the other teams combined.
Thirty days from Earth, they reported all was well and both were in good spirits.
The ship had performed remarkably well and each was looking forward to getting back to their families and friends.
That was the last mankind heard from the two.
After the ship automatically parked itself in Earth orbit, a hastily assembled rescue mission had proceeded to the vessel, finding the Hermes in perfect condition.
Afraid of what they may find inside, the men and women of the rescue mission cracked open the access hatch, only to find the interior of the ship as pristine and operational as the exterior. 
Everything was in place and nothing found to explain the mystery of how two men could simply disappear without leaving any trace.
Even the EVA suits and the escape module were in place, intact and fully functional.
The two robot technicians were still in their travel pods, shut down and undamaged.
The only hint or clue anyone could find was that whatever happened had transpired in the blink of an eye.
In the gravitational ring, still rotating at a steady pace, they found indications that Kovolevski had been in his sleep chamber, his clothes neatly hung and the bedding appearing as if someone had been laying on it.
His journal and a pen lay on the bed as well, the last word he wrote seemingly cut off as if he had disappeared in the middle of writing it.
Hermington had apparently been eating, his tray of food still on the table.
The fork lay next to it, as if it had been dropped in mid-air to land on the table, the meat still stabbed by the tines.
A data pad lay skewed next to the tray and propped up, dark after the battery drained.
When re-charged, investigators found Marc had been reading email and news from Earth.
The dessert he intended to finish his meal with was still in the hydrator.
There were no other clues and every interior monitoring system for both the ship and two crew members had malfunctioned at roughly the same time as when the crew was last heard from, offering investigators even less to work with.
Logs were devoid of information and even the black boxes, designed to hold an entire voyage of information on the health and wellness of the crew habitation module, had seemingly failed at the same time as the systems, then somehow come back to life almost an hour later.
It was this complete lack of information that killed the Hermes program.
Even to this day, there had been no new information or idea of what had happened to the two men.
Man became afraid to step beyond the realm of our planet, using the drone ships that had been used prior to the Hermes program to once again explore the solar system and planets surrounding fragile Earth.
The drones continued to journey to Mars and the moons of the gas giants, relaying back an almost constant stream of information and tantalizing images.
Drones sent further out offered even more information about the solar system, yet man refused to venture beyond the planet he called home.
Then came President Perry’s monumental speech to the United States and the United Nations, offering everyone in the world access to a genuine artifact from Mars.
He pushed off the mysteries of the past and the fears that had gripped the space programs after Hermes Five.
President Perry stated in no uncertain terms that man would once again travel to Mars.
However, we would not venture forth in one and two-man crews.
No, the President of the United States had chastised the world, the United States would go and establish a permanent presence on this strange new world.
The rest of humanity could join the United States or sit on the sidelines, but we were going nonetheless.
He outlined an ambitious program and then revealed the reason why – the artifact of Mars.
Without hesitating a moment, he finished by saying mankind was never meant to remain on this fragile planet called Earth – nor would we – then vowed man would now move to make his mark not just on Mars but on other worlds.
The world joined him in thunderous applause in that one moment.
And now, decades later, the world was a vastly different place.
But Perry’s Vision, as it was now called, had persevered.
Through all the problems and delays and other misfortunes, the Vision had survived.
The mining station had been first, built to be functional.
Those miners, no different than their Earth-bound brethren both above and below the seas, were hard men and women, unafraid of anything, taking each day as it came, using high-tech lasers and pneumatic crushers to cut and break apart giant space-rocks.
They asked for nothing but decent pay, decent living conditions and to be left alone.
NASA decided to use a third-party company to operate the mining station and, after a vicious and contentious bidding war, Spectral Mining won the long-term contract.
Now, SM personnel operating the control center in Houston managed hundreds of mining drones hunting down and bringing back to Earth space rock after space rock.
Each was brought to the orbiting mining station where SM personnel cut them apart and stuffed them into solid, sturdy containers.
Those containers were brought to Earth, de-orbited in specially designed shuttles and taken immediately to the decon and mining facility where the rock and debris was mined for every element it held.
Even subtracting the ten percent Spectral Mining took to pay for its operations and taking into account the depressed prices for metals as a result of the influx of so much material, the United States and the nations involved were making more money than they had ever thought possible. 
Once the mining operations were fully engaged, the joint construction of the space docks and Serenity began in earnest.
Construction on the Moon began shortly afterwards when Spectral Mining started operations there as well and soon mankind had a real city on its little neighbor.
Easily seen from Earth, the city had been nicknamed the Emerald City because of the greenish glow it seemed to give off when viewed from Earth.
The mining and construction continued as the city expanded deep into the Moon’s core and the development of more launch and manufacturing facilities on Earth increased at a phenomenal pace.
And now, the last phase before the training of the first cadre of settlers and explorers was now complete.
Serenity – that enormous, sleek space station designed to house a small city of workers, scientists and staff – slowly rotated in orbit, soon to be ready to assume its new role as the port for ships traveling from and to Earth.
It had recently achieved point nine of Earth gravity and all the functions necessary to support the full crew were now in place.
She watched the monitor again as the stages on the rocket separated and the final booster ignited, pushing the payload into orbit and on course to intercept Serenity. The trajectory would take them dangerously close to the UAA station and she was well aware of the potential for disaster if the intelligence reports were wrong and the UAA had actually deployed weapons on the station as some believed.
Four hours later, the final module drifted silently toward its final destination, the only blemish on it the burn mark where the UAA laser had grazed it.
A last minute maneuver to transit the payload under the UAA station had saved the module. 
The laser was slow to react and couldn’t depress itself far enough to target the module as it flew past.
The burn mark was a parting shot by the UAA that failed to hit its mark.
But it had been close.
Of course, once the module was in place, there would have to be a complete inspection of the interior and exterior of the craft to ensure the integrity of the ship hadn’t been breached.
A patch would be placed over the entire burned area to reseal it and the repair pressure tested once it was welded to the surface by the chemical-reacting adhesive.
However, the initial tests and data Mission Control had received indicated the damage was minimal at best.
Autonomous systems in the module and on Serenity controlled the approach and docking maneuvers, exchanging data at speeds incomprehensible to humans as the distance closed about them.
Slowly the distance diminished until the docking points joined, the docking collars engaging each other until they locked in place.
The ship was pulled into the station even tighter by the locking movements and a second set of docking rings engaged and locked, the seals within this second set now forming a barrier joint between the station and the component.
The locks were permanent – designed to make it virtually impossible to unlock and free the section from the space station while the seal began to chemically bond to both parts of the docking mechanisms, forming a permanent bond.
In short order, antenna, a fifth set of extremely high-efficiency solar panels and other external equipment deployed in perfect working order and soon afterwards, the module’s systems relayed successful test results, causing the men and women in Mission Control, as well as in the Control Room on board Serenity to cheer and congratulate each other.
On board the station, Commander Veronika Tereshenkova smiled as all systems returned to green, including those within the module.
Her staff in the Control Room of the Space Station – comprised of Germans, Americans and a host of other nationalities – had spent hours preparing for this historic moment and she was genuinely proud of each of them.
“Mission Control,” The Commander activated her comm link to NASA on Earth, knowing the whole world, including Russia, was listening.
“Control here.”
“Mission Control,” Veronika took a deep breath. “We have captured the Budushcheye Module.”
Budushcheye. Future
How appropriate she thought and how proud she was it was Russia who built the final piece.
“Congratulations, Serenity,” Mission Control responded. “Good work on a historic day.”
“Deploy the EVA team to inspect the module,” She ordered as she sat in her chair, then settled in. “I want a full report and full record of all the damage no matter how small.”
“EVA team deploying,” Major Wade Collins responded, his fingers flying across the touch screens as he authorized the team to begin the inspections. “We should have some results within the half hour.”
“Good,” Veronika acknowledged him. “Tell the interior team to deploy – full EVA suits until we verify integrity is one hundred percent and holding for an extended period after the seal is in place.”
“They’ll deploy within twenty minutes.” The Major responded, his fingers a blur on the screens.
“Make sure we have good photos of the damage, inside and out,” Veronika ordered. “I’m sure someone down there will appreciate them.” She paused, then added. “And if they find anything else, let me know.”
Everyone knew the implications of the burn mark on the module, both in the station and back at Mission Control.
The simple regional conflict in the South China Sea, for all the horror and death it had caused up to this point, had remained largely a conflict restricted to a small part of the world.
Already the news networks had “Breaking News” banners flashing on the screen with reporters talking about some type of attack in space.
Reporters were stating that details were still sketchy but that the China Sea Conflict or CSC as some referred to it, had taken a grave and dangerous turn.
China and the UAA had denied any culpability in the event and claimed the burn mark was on the module when it was launched to give NASA an excuse to accuse the UAA of wrongdoing. They went further, claiming the subterfuge by NASA would be grounds to consider more aggressive tactics in space and stating the UAA would not be the victim of NASA aggression or sneak-attack.
NASA responded with silence.
Even while China and the UAA decried the accusations and continued to make allegations of their own, calls sounded for a Declaration of War by hawks on both right and left, as well as vocal Congressmen and women of the Senate and House.
Others demanded the arming of Serenity and the other facilities in space.
The UAA quickly responded to these new developments by declaring to the world the conflict was now both a land and a space war that would determine how the world would move forward and threatening to expand the conflict on the ground to reclaim what the UAA termed were ancient rights to territories encompassing half the world that had been stolen millennia ago by unnamed aggressors.
The CSC was no longer just a regional conflict.

*****
*****

CHAPTER FOUR

“Each morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most.”

Buddha

*****

21 JUNE 2050; 1030 HOURS
SOMEWHERE SOUTH OF KHABAROVSK, RUSSIA

Slipping out of the harness, she unclipped both the SERE pack and the weapon canister, leaving the pixilated gray, white and light blue chute to billow as it slid along the ground in the snow.
It would do no good to hide it.
She knew the patrol already saw her eject and hiding the chute wasn’t going to help her evade them, especially in a field as large as the one she landed in.
Looking around quickly, she saw the small town she spied on her way down sitting off in the distance.
On the other three sides of the field were deep woods while the river lay south of her position just behind the pine covered hills.
Under the cloudy sky, the air was brisk and the wind crisp, but the cold weather undergarments beneath her flight suit kept her warm.
Grabbing gloves, the balaclava and a water flask out of the SERE pack, she slung the pack on her shoulder, picked up the compact assault rifle and made for the village, taking sips of water as she exited the field quickly and finding herself in the mud, snow and slush of a torn up roadway.
The water tasted good and drinking it refreshed her.
Blackened patches of ground, craters and torn up dirt in the pristine snow surrounded her – telltale effects of the latest counter-attack and artillery barrage that hit this area less than six hours ago during the last enemy advance.
Tire and tread tracks were everywhere, the ground torn up by their passing as they headed first toward the town then clearly turned and retreated.
Enemy bodies and parts of bodies lay around her, the snow colored dark red around them in most cases.
Even in the cold, the smell of death and burning oil mingled with odors she didn’t immediately recognize.
The smell was sickening and she wanted to get out of the field as fast as possible.
It wasn’t just the smells – the eerie quiet was more unnerving, broken by the occasional hiss and low crackle of residual fires still burning in a number of destroyed vehicles as she passed by them.
Low mounds of snow oddly spaced everywhere she could see told her bodies still remained in the aftermath of previous counterattacks and artillery barrages, covered by the latest snowfall that had hit the area two days before.
The field itself was probably at least a kilometer or more wide and more than a couple kilometers long, yet it seemed everywhere she looked was filled with death and destruction.
She passed a burned-out main battle tank, its turret shattered and torn apart, sitting off to one side of the road at an odd angle, light smoke still rising from the wreck.
From the way it sat, it appeared the crew was trying to retreat when it most likely took a direct hit.
The escape hatch under the belly of the tank hung down, but looking at the burned ground below it, she thought it was probably blown open rather than used for escape.
Destroyed and undamaged trucks, personnel carriers, trailers and other vehicles cluttered the field.
Some looked to be victims of previous barrages, covered in patchy snow and looking like toys tossed by a little boy during a temper tantrum.
Others still smoldered, light smoke or heat rising from the wreckage.
Debris lay everywhere – containers, packs, torn metal and the miscellaneous gear of war every army carried into battle littered the field, some covered in snow, some bare and all testifying to the continuing battle.
One particular tank sitting in the middle of the road in front of her caught her attention.
It was one of the newer Model 407’s, the top and sides of the vehicle, as well as the ground around it blackened and void of any snow.
It must have been either the lead tank or close to the front of the column when the first wave of shells came in and was probably hit by one of the new focused fuel air explosive anti-tank weapons.
What unnerved her about this particular vehicle was the blackened body of the tank commander, charred and still standing upright in the hatch, facing forward, hands still on the top of the turret in front of him.
Grey smoke from inside the tank wafted around him as it rose from the turret opening.
She couldn’t help herself as she passed by it, staring at the body stoically staring forward in death as he did in life.
Proklyatie. Damn.
The Russian Army had stopped the first wave and the second that closely followed.
Everyone knew a third was coming.
And everyone knew, including the enemy, the depleted ammunition stockpiles of the Russian forces would make it difficult to lay down the layers of fire necessary to repel a third dedicated attack, even if they used only precision or focused anti-personnel and anti-tank weapons.
The allied forces in the area supporting the Russians had been reduced by fierce combat to nothing more than token vestiges of their original strength.
Lasing and automated targeting systems were destroyed and the only assets most units had left, other than limited artillery and some light unguided missile systems, were a few light attack and support aircraft and a vague promise reinforcements and supplies were on their way and would arrive in time.
Aircraft were in the air with precious supplies and ships plowed the ocean, hurrying to provide much needed relief.
It was plainly obvious now that the first two UAAF attacks were nothing more than a way to deplete the stockpiles before new supplies could arrive.
The enemy was trading men and machines for a strategic and tactical advantage.
It was now a race between the attacking forces and the re-supply effort that would ensure the defenders might live to fight another day.
That’s why Tatiana’s three-ship formation was detailed from her base to gather any information that might tell the intelligence folks just how much time they had.
Satellite imagery was helpful but both sides knew how to make things appear to be what they weren’t.
Electronic camouflage, discrete tactical deception, and simply hiding were very effective against satellite imagery, so both armies had resorted back to old fashioned reconnaissance flying.
The life expectancy for pilots flying these missions wasn’t high, but most flew them without complaint or question.
Her formation was about to split into three separate reconnaissance runs ten kilometers apart to try and beat the odds when they were ambushed by lasing anti-aircraft fire.
 She lost both wing men quickly, their aircraft exploding in angry black and orange fireballs as the beams hit fuel pods.
There were no chutes.
Tatiana was lucky.
She jerked her aircraft almost immediately after the first jet exploded and the weapon had to re-acquire her aircraft. When it fired, the beam sliced through her controls, her jet rolling out of control as she ejected.
The same beam sliced into her fuselage, barely missing the fuel pod.
Seconds after she ejected, the now pin-wheeling aircraft exploded, leaving a third smudge of dark oily smoke in the sky.
She never saw the location of the anti-aircraft unit, but figured it had to be a forward-based unit.
If the main body of the enemy was already this close, then the Russian units defending this sector had no chance.
But she did see the patrol.
As she floated down, the truck stopped in the clearing over the hill and a group of soldiers had jumped off.
While she couldn’t make out who they were, she could clearly see them pointing in her direction.
That patrol had to be UAAF and she estimated they shouldn’t be more than an hour away from the field, if not a bit closer.
Not enough time to get a rescue mission in and out.
Jogging into the village, Tatiana saw immediately it was one of a multitude of small towns sitting not more than ten kilometers from the city.
Most likely, before the war, many of the residents of this town had been commuters to the city or local folks with businesses catering to that commuter population.
Despite the damage around her, it was obvious the town was a historic old town.
The homes, some of which had survived for more than a hundred and fifty years or longer before the war started, had been beautiful and well cared for.
As it had aged, the town retained its beauty and history, even as modern vestiges appeared. McDonalds, Lenta, Wal-Mart and other landmarks of modern society intermingled with the past, giving the town a modern, but quaint feel.
Both sides knew the capture of Khabarovsk and the access it represented into the heartland of Russia was the obvious goal for the UAAF.
Both sides also knew the city had been proclaimed the “Stalingrad of the Far East” in a desperate attempt by the government to galvanize Russian forces.
And both knew the implications of that proclamation.
Right now, Russian forces and their allies had both tactical and strategic control of the city and the approaches – a hold tenuous at best unless a significant amount of supplies could be fed to the units defending the city.
This village and the access to Khabarovsk it offered wasn’t the most logical or even the best attack route into the city.
Past the village lay two bridges and a deep cut through two hills affording Russian forces excellent defensive positions.
In fact, Russian forces had never originally deployed into the village because it was considered such a low-level choice for any attacking forces.
As Tatiana thought about it, that perhaps was the very reason the UAAF continued to attack along this sector.
Perhaps these attacks were nothing more than elaborate diversions meant to tie up Russian and allied forces and material.
Certainly the UAAF had proven it had little problem trading lives and equipment for small bits of land and perceived tactical advantages.
For whatever reason, the field and this town had now become a place on the map, like Gettysburg and other insignificant little towns, where soldiers traded lives and heroic deed to die for that perceived advantage.
Battle damage was everywhere and Tatiana concluded the town itself had been the target of an artillery barrage and had seen at least one battle, judging from the number of buildings blown apart from the inside outward, the number of combat vehicles in the streets from both sides and the debris from both armies littering the rubble.
Yet she saw no forces in the town to maintain some type of hold on it or the surrounding lands.
But she did see the dead.
It wasn’t hard to tell most of the bodies had been there for some time, judging from the state of decomposition and skeletal remains peeking through the snow cover.
Tatiana wondered where the survivors from the town were.
She wondered if there were any survivors at all.
Gazing around at the homes sitting on the perimeter of the village facing the field, she quickly picked out the remains of one house which had received a direct hit. The pile of debris and rubble beneath the collapsed floors of the ancient residence looked to be a perfect place for her to set up an ambush position. The jumble of heavy timbers, broken furniture, drywall, bricks and other debris offered several protected entry and exit points and would provide some protection against small arms return fire.
Unslinging the compact assault rifle from her shoulder, she slipped through one of the larger openings and made her way into the pile, quickly clearing debris as she crawled until she found a position offering her a clear view of the road and field.
It was noticeably colder under the debris but not so cold that she didn’t think she could stay there.
Besides, she reasoned, her thermal undergarments and flight suit offered layers of protection against the cold for the moment.
She also had the thin, but incredibly efficient Nytech thermal dissipation cold weather suit in the SERE pack.
Lying under a pair of heavy wood beams supported by the remains of a cement and brick foundational wall, the area around her was fairly open and there was good protection above her. 
She even had enough room to actually sit up comfortably.
While it took some effort, she donned the Nytech jacket.
Tatiana reasoned that, with the minimizing flash suppressor and variable velocity ammunition, she might even be able to stay hidden long enough to kill several of them before they figured out where her position was. 
The digitized, grey camouflage Nytech jacket was a bit tight and designed to give an extremely limited thermal image of her body heat while keeping that same heat contained inside. 
She figured it should be effective in this type of situation.
The mesh of the matching Nytech full-cover facemask didn’t seem to interfere with her ability to see clearly.
Pulling the field glasses from the pack, she surveyed the road, the field and the forest beyond, looking for the patrol.
She should have the advantage since they would have no idea which way she went once she got to the fork in the road just before it entered the town.
If she was lucky, the patrol might split up, making it easier for her to take on a smaller unit and kill them before the remaining soldiers rejoined the fray.
Seeing nothing, she switched to thermal and began another search.
There.
Coming out of the forest.
The body heat signatures weren’t exactly flares against the cold snow-covered ground, but they were there.
Switching back to normal, Tatiana gasped in amazement.
She was absolutely sure this was the same patrol she saw dismounting from the truck.
If so, that meant the thermal-dissipating camouflage suits they were using had to be new generation technology.
If the Nytech technology commonly-used by both sides to dissipate and hide body heat was considered excellent, these suits were incredible.
Without the thermal, she wasn’t able to see them distinctly, even knowing where they were.
The environment-blending camouflage was the best she’d seen and certainly a level better than anything Russian or allied forces might have, with the exception of perhaps the elite Special Forces units.
If anything, the patrol seemed like indistinct ghostly images moving through the field.
In fact, had she not seen them as she descended, they would easily have been able to eliminate her.
She reasoned they probably intended to get close enough to wait until her rescue arrived and take both her and the aircraft out as well.
Using the thermal setting on her field glasses, she watched, still amazed at what she saw.
Even knowing where they were, the UAAF patrol looked almost like a heat wave-like smudges against the wintery backdrop and she had to focus hard to even catch enough of the movement to discern an individual soldier.
This was a turning point, she realized.
The sentries assigned to the frontline Russian and allied units would never see units equipped with this technology coming until they were killed.
Tatiana realized what she was up against was probably not a simple reconnaissance patrol.
She was most likely facing an elite special ops unit on a reconnaissance mission to scout the Russian front lines, speculating from the gear they were using, the unit intended to get as close as they could or even penetrate the lines, capture a few sentries or kill some to prove the technology worked as well as it was designed to.
She decided to spoil that plan.
Unfortunately for the UAAF, she now knew how to spot them.
Tatiana pulled the satellite radio from the pack, turned it on and watched it shift frequency as she connected its jack into the throat mic/earbud port on her flight suit.
Once the green ‘Ready’ light illuminated, she keyed the mic at her throat, speaking quietly, “Storm Five Six, Eagle One, over.”
The response was immediate. “Eagle One, go.”
Adjusting the earbud, she spoke quickly but clearly. “Eagle Two and Three KIA. Eagle One down at coordinates.” She pushed the AGPS Send button on the top of the radio, then spoke again. “Enemy patrol closing. Using new technology advanced camouflage and thermal dissipation suits. West of my position.”
“Eagle One, copy.” There was a pause. “We have an asset in area. Standby.”
Another long pause. “Eagle One. Confirm location of patrol.”
Tatiana keyed her mic. “Immediately west of my position.” She looked at the patrol through her field glasses once again. “Probably within one thousand meters.”
“Eagle One. We have your position but the asset doesn’t pick up anything at all in your vicinity.”
Der'mo. Shit.
She keyed the mic. “I’m telling you they’re there. I’m looking at them.”
“And I’m telling you we can’t see them.”
She stared at the radio for a moment before responding. “Then at least strike the position.”
“Negative, Eagle One.” Came the response. “We don’t have the resources to expend, especially on something we can’t see.”
Proklyatie. Damn.
“But I’m telling you they’re there.”
A long pause. “Eagle One, request denied.”
She stared at the radio, incredulous. Finally, she keyed the mic. “When can I expect extraction?”
The pause was unexpectedly long. “Eagle One. We don’t have assets available for extraction. The last two were lost less than an hour ago.”
She wanted to scream at the voice, wondering if those assets had been taken out by other patrols equipped with this technology.
Yet all she felt was calm as she responded. “How long before any asset is available?”
The response was almost immediate. “No idea. I’m sorry.”
For what seemed to be a long time, she simply stared in the direction of the patrol moving slowly toward her position.
She keyed the mic. “Understood. Will evade and engage until you can get something here.”
Not waiting for a response, she turned off the radio, pulled the cord from the miniature jack in her suit and stuffed it back in her pack.
It would serve her no purpose until this was over.
If she survived.
She was a bit cold.
Sliding the load switch to high velocity and the scope setting to thermal, she counted her targets.
It looked like there were no more than twelve.
As they got closer, they were easier to see but that was measured in fractions.
She took a deep breath.
The odds weren’t in her favor.
Her water flask was empty.
Even knowing they probably couldn’t see her heat signature, Tatiana didn’t want to take any chances.
She shifted a large but loose chunk of wooden beam to sit in front of her, then piled several bricks and stone on top of it.
It wasn’t going to protect her from anything larger than a rifle slug, but the cold of the debris might prevent them from seeing her heat signature easily if the suit didn’t work.
If they hadn’t already spotted her.
Lifting her rifle barrel up, she zeroed the first of the patrol.
The thermal image wasn’t clear, but taking out as many as she could at distance could increase her odds of survival, especially if she was able to conceal her own position for a bit longer.
All those months practicing how to use this weapon and the thousands of rounds she shot to become an expert were about to either pay off or prove to have been wasted time.
Taking another deep breath, she placed the crosshairs on the center of what should be the body mass, slid her finger over the trigger, exhaled, then gently squeezed.
The rifle had no recoil and the report was a low rumph in the cold as the hot shell casing ejected out of the breach, hitting the timber above her and bouncing on the ground in front of her, hissing briefly as it lay in the snow.
One of the patrol seemed to slump to the ground.
The rest of the patrol stopped and went to ground.
Even using just the thermal setting on the scope on her rifle, Tatiana was getting better at recognizing their images, although they still looked like blurry-shaped colorless heat waves against the cold.
One of the patrol seemed to be kneeling and pointing in the general direction of the village.
That had to be the patrol leader.
Tatiana sighted her targeting system squarely on this individual, ignoring the conflicting readouts in the scope regarding range and the shifting crosshairs.
She couldn’t make out detail, but she could see a distinct body mass and she placed the center of the scope on the center of this body.
Exhaling, she gently squeezed the trigger.
Seconds later, the squad leader – a young woman recently promoted to Lieutenant and leading her first patrol – flew backwards from the impact of the heavy bullet hitting her in the chest.
She was dead before she hit the ground, sightless eyes staring up at the racing grey clouds.
Tatiana quickly began targeting the other members of the patrol as they rose and began to run, taking down four more before they could gain cover from a shed over a hundred meters away.
She knew at least two of her shots couldn’t have been fatal but there was no movement in the field other than in the vicinity of the shed.
The return fire from the patrol was ineffective, spraying against the rock, brick, and wood timbers surrounding her, but never coming close to her position.
Either the patrol had no thermal sights, which she doubted, or they couldn’t get a clear image of exactly where she was.
Six to go.
There was no doubt in her mind the patrol had radioed in her position already, but she doubted reinforcements would be sent to help an elite unit with just a single downed Russian pilot.
And since she doubted they knew who she was, there was probably an assumption on their part that this single pilot had gotten very lucky or was, at least, a good shot.
To them, she was nothing more than a lowly Russian pilot who would be hunted down, then treated as all other combatants were now treated.
No quarter was asked for and none given by any side involved.
Even the Americans - the only ones who continued to value the old Geneva Conventions regarding conduct during war - no longer asked questions or took prisoners.
They knew, as did everyone else, surrender to UAAF forces meant a quick execution on the battlefield.
And the Americans, bless their souls, now repaid the favor, taking prisoners only when it was necessary to extract information.
Few prisoners actually talked and none survived.
More bullets pinged off stonework to her left.
There weren’t any options left.
The patrol was expected to eliminate her and move forward.
Tatiana had every intention of stopping them or die trying.
Two of the remaining members of the patrol made a dash to the left, firing as they ran to distract her while four went to the right, making a run toward a shelled warehouse.
Tatiana followed the four and shot them one by one, hitting the last one when the person was barely a dozen meters from cover.
They were perhaps the most difficult…and lucky…shots she had fired in her life.
Two left.
They had to still be somewhere to her left, either working along the perimeter of the village or trying to get behind her.
Slipping out from under the debris pile, Tatiana decided to move away from them.
If she could find a vantage point, she might be able to end this fight before luck turned against her.
Otherwise she’d be committed to a cat-and-mouse game she knew she’d ultimately lose.
She took a few items from the pack, then stuffed it under a timber and left it where it lay.
Quickly making her way through the rubble and staying close to cover, she went by the old historic train station.
Bodies lay everywhere in the station – civilians, soldiers, and some she couldn’t identify. 
They had been caught trying to flee, most likely by airburst shells that rained fire, shrapnel and death on them.
The station itself was nothing more than rubble. A lone train sat on the tracks, burned out and nothing more than a metal shell.
A shopping mall sat to her left as she made her way from cover to cover.
The shell of the building still stood in some places, while in other places there were nothing more than piles of rubble.
What cars had been in the parking lot had been shoved and piled along one side as tracked vehicles sat in the lot, most visibly damaged or destroyed.
Tatiana assumed this had been a marshaling yard, judging from the way the vehicles sat.
She continued down a residential street, staying under cover and working her way to get to the higher part of town where she might have some advantage.
It wasn’t long before she found a home relatively undamaged by the shelling with what looked to be an intact second floor and a smaller attic above that.
It didn’t take much to see it was old and had once been a very beautiful home, well cared for by those who had once lived there, and sitting in a neighborhood of other such homes just off the business district.
The front door was open and the steps leading up to it mostly clear of mud and snow.
She could slip in without the patrol members knowing as long as they didn’t actually see her.
Making her way through the rubble, Tatiana was careful not to leave prints or marks as she moved toward the house and slipped inside the doorway.
Just inside, she was confronted by the decomposed remains of two people lying in the foyer – both lay on their backs, obviously shot as one of them had opened the door.
It was only from the torn remains of the clothes they wore she was able to figure out they were at least a man and a woman and probably husband and wife.
She closed the front door as quietly as she could, locking it and then ineffectively bracing it with what was left of a chair laying in the hall.
Since the first-floor windows, though broken out, were too high off the ground, the door would be the only way the UAAF patrol could get in the house.
The lock and chair wouldn’t really stop anyone, but it would make enough noise to alert her when they broke through it.
She decided to add a little greeting of her own and quickly rigged a bobby trap by taking an anti-personnel grenade and attaching it to the chair, then running a wire from the pin to the door knob.
Assuming they would either blow the door in or kick it in, the chair should fall away and leave the pin behind.
Five seconds later, it should go off, maybe catching at least one of them as they came through the door.
It was probably a futile effort, but she might get lucky.
She felt bad the bodies lying there would be desecrated even more.
These were her people and they had done nothing but become victims when this war started.
Unfortunately, there wasn’t time to move the remains.
The house itself had been thoroughly ransacked on the first floor – bullet holes in the walls and furniture laying everywhere, broken and destroyed.
Curtains and wall hangings were torn and tattered and cabinet contents lay strewn across the floors.
A flat screen television hung from the wall at a crazy angle above an ornate fireplace, bullet holes stitching a pattern from one corner to the other in its screen and continuing up the wall to the ceiling.
The body of a UAAF soldier lay crumpled in a heap up against the wall.
Two other dead soldiers lay in the kitchen, one leaning with its back against a wall, the morbidly empty eye sockets of a leering skull staring at the back entrance from under the rim of a helmet with a bullet hole in it.
Tatiana thought for just a moment about searching the soldiers for anything useful, then realized it would be a wasted effort.
Like the bodies in the foyer, all were decomposed and looked to have been already checked more than once over.
Any useful gear was already gone - there were no weapons and kits and other essential combat gear was gone or useless.
Even the sling bags they used to hold extra ammunition clips were missing or empty.
Judging from the uniforms and lack of cold weather gear, she figured these bodies were from the summer offensive or at least from the early fall battles in this area.
In fact, as she gazed around, anything of value in the house was gone.
What was left was useless.
The smell of decay had long since dissipated and Tatiana quickly and quietly completed her checks to make sure she was the only one in the home.
More dead soldiers lay in the basement in what looked to be a makeshift medical position but, again, there was little of value left, including medical gear.
Realizing taking a stand on the first floor would not provide her any advantage, Tatiana made her way upstairs.
The once thick carpet in the home, now matted down, torn and covered in debris would conceal her presence as long as she was careful where and how she walked.
She made sure to disturb as little as possible as she climbed the stairs.
Upstairs, more carnage greeted her as she found a boy crumpled in a heap in the hallway. Like the bodies downstairs, he was in an advanced state of decomposition.
She said a silent prayer for him as she passed by.
The four bedrooms were like downstairs – ransacked for anything valuable to a soldier.
Slipping into what had once been a cute bedroom filled with the trappings every teenage girl had, she was immediately greeted by what looked to be a girl’s body, splayed on the bed and decomposed to the point where parts of her skeleton showed.
A torn blanket covered her torso, the empty eye sockets of her skull peering from the top edge of it, as if watching anyone who entered or left her room.
Torn clothing lay on the debris covered floor.
Tatiana forced her eyes away from the horror she knew had happened in this room and concentrated on staying away from the direct line of sight of the two windows while she moved along the wall.
In short order, she was in a position where she could slide the tattered, breeze-driven curtain along the rod just enough from the edge of one of the windows to let her peer out, watching for movement.
She had a good line of sight over a large section of the town below her.
Since she had come from the right, she figured that wasn’t the direction they would come from.
With no leaves on the trees and the damage done, she should be able to spot them working their way through the town either directly below her or to her left.
If she got lucky.
After doing a quick check, she couldn’t help but look back at the scene around her.
Glass shards littered the floor amid broken white French provincial-style furniture, chunks of ceiling and other debris.
A hole in the roof had allowed some leaves to blow in, covering parts of the body and the bed and forming a thick layer on portions of the carpet.
Patches of snow had drifted along the foot of the bed.
A computer sat on the desk, the filthy plasma screen upright with two holes through it. The wireless keyboard lay upside down on the carpet.
Most of the pictures on the walls were on the floor, broken or facedown.
The ones that remained, mainly of the young heartthrob movie stars every girl fantasized over, were skewed as they hung on the wall.
Everything was covered with dust and dirt.
Keeping her emotions in check, she slowly re-surveyed all she could see out the window.
Nothing.
She kept watch, never moving or allowing the curtain to touch her as it shifted every so often in the cold but gentle breeze.
Even after putting on the pants, the full Nytech suit she now wore still allowed a bit of the cold to seep in here and there.
A sudden and horrible thought entered her mind.
If one or both of the remaining patrol members were already past this point and behind her position, they could come through the blown out portion of the house where the back door had once been and be on her before she knew they were there.
She didn’t think so.
She hadn’t heard any noise.
And she knew she was betting her life on what she was thinking.
Suddenly, she saw movement.
The two looked like ghosts moving, their shapes not quite distinct, but at this distance and knowing what she was looking for, they were easily seen.
They were moving along the inside wall of a parking garage down the street about a block from her position.
As they exited the garage, one of the two suddenly dropped to the ground then seemed to crawl to a pile of rubble next to the debris of a fallen wall.
They were hard to see, but visible nonetheless.
That would be the sniper.
And Tatiana realized they knew where she was.
The game had begun.
The second one deliberately moved down the street, moving from covered position to covered position as they worked their way toward her.
This was the bait.
This team was banking on Tatiana showing herself to take a shot, giving the sniper a chance to take her out.
Exchanging lives for an advantage.
They already assumed she saw them.
Tatiana decided to change the rules.
Watching the sniper as the other shifted from position to position, Tatiana stepped back from the window slowly one step at a time.
When she was about a meter back, she figured her thermal image was now gone and raised her rifle, bringing it to bear on the second soldier.
Following her adversary from the corner of a building to where they took cover behind a burned out car, she watched as the soldier stood slightly, then seemed to turn around as if to go back to the building corner or perhaps signal the other.
Tatiana brought the targeting system into focus on the individual’s back, let her breath out and squeezed the trigger, then dropped to the floor and began a quick belly crawl to the other window.
The report from the rifle was louder than she expected and though she couldn’t see it, her target lurched a step then fell flatly to the ground.
A second shot rang out almost immediately and the wall behind where Tatiana now lay sported a hole in line with where her head would have been had she remained standing after taking the shot.
Several additional shots rang out and the plasterboard about two feet above her head exploded as slugs ripped through the wall in a line between the windows.
Chunks of plaster sprayed through the room, covering her in bits of dust and debris as she quickly covered the distance between the two windows.
Despite the fire, Tatiana moved quickly to take a shot from the second window, but this last soldier was swift, covering the distance to her side of the street quickly as she fired, dodging from cover to cover without hesitation and making it almost impossible for Tatiana to get a clean shot off, though she was sure she hit the son of a bitch in the arm on her last try.
Shortly after Tatiana lost sight of the bastard, a muffled explosion shook the house followed by a second one as the grenade went off downstairs.
She hesitated a moment, listening, but the sound of debris being pushed aside told her the last member of this unit was still very much alive.
Knowing she had only seconds to make a decision while the intruder could be heard clearing the bottom floor, Tatiana moved silently but quickly into the hall and into a ransacked linen closet, the shelves torn out and few linens remaining strewn on the floor.
She quietly closed the door until barely a crack remained.
It was the most obvious place to hide and the last place she should pick, but Tatiana knew sometimes the obvious worked best.
She also figured the sniper would assume this Russian would make a stand in the upper attic if they couldn’t escape.
Tatiana knew, again, she was betting her life on her gamble.
And the odds were not in her favor.
As she quietly slid the oiled blade of her combat knife from its sheath, the door suddenly pressed in as someone lightly leaned against it. They stayed in the position for several seconds, most likely trying to determine if she was still in the home and in what room or even on which floor she might be.
Tatiana thought very briefly about shoving the knife through the door itself, but doubted it would be a killing thrust and would probably get her killed once the person turned around and fired into the closet.
She considered using her pistol, but it was still in the holster under her jacket.
She wasn’t sure if she had rounds left in the rifle magazine and wasn’t even sure she could get it in position to fire.
If it dry fired, she was dead.
If she tried to load a new magazine, she was dead.
She quietly cursed her stupidity at not reloading the weapon with a new magazine once the sniper had made it to her side of the street or pulling her pistol out.
Her knife was her only option now.
Tatiana waited in the frigid cold of the closet, barely breathing and amazed at how calm she was.
Suddenly the pressure on the door eased and the Russian waited just seconds before she started to open the door, praying the person was away from the door with their back to her.
With luck, they wouldn’t have started to clear the floor, looking for her. She prayed even harder the opening of the door wouldn’t give her away.
Her luck was good on all points.
The door slid open with absolutely no sound and Tatiana could see the individual directly in front of her with their back to her.
The sniper either sensed the danger or heard something and swiftly began to turn.
Like a tiger, Tatiana sprang, her body throwing the door open as she slammed into the soldier’s back.
She used the momentum to jam the person against the hallway wall, locking the rifle into an unusable position against their body as she did so.
Her adversary began to struggle to get some type of leverage as Tatiana slammed her forearm into the back of their neck, then reached around to grip the individual’s head by the front edge of the helmet and pulled back with her left hand in a somewhat futile effort to use the chin strap of the helmet to cut off their air.
Using her legs to keep her body forced against her assailant, she brought the knife in her right hand to the throat and pulled across without hesitation, slicing it clean and deep.
Tatiana pushed even harder with her body to keep the soldier jammed against the wall as they struggled and she continued to pull back the head with a strength she didn’t think she had. 
She pulled the knife back, then drove it to the hilt in the middle of the sniper’s back, twisting hard as she did before pulling it out and thrusting again into the lower back.
The soldier’s head suddenly snapped back as the body went limp.
Blood splattered on the walls and spurted into the air as Tatiana stepped back and the soldier slumped to the floor, then fell backwards, sightless eyes staring up at her.
The young Chinese woman lying dead before her was beautiful by any measure and her doll-like face had a look of utter surprise as blood continued to pool from her sliced throat onto the floor, soaking into the carpet.
Tatiana stared at her for what seemed an eternity.
This wasn’t the first person she had killed in this damn war and probably wouldn’t be her last.
And Tatiana was fairly certain this woman wouldn’t have wasted even a second of emotion or concern had she killed Tatiana.
Yet a small part of her regretted the death.
There seemed to be a senselessness about all of it – in this case, such beauty wasted for no reason and to serve no purpose.
She quickly went through the dead woman’s outer and inner tunics looking for anything that would be of use when she noticed the woman’s left arm.
Though sprayed with blood from the neck wound, there was a large patch of blood soaking the material of the jacket from the inside and a neat hole in the upper part of the sleeve. More out of a sense of curiosity than anything, she cut the material away and looked at the exposed arm.
A bullet had grazed the arm, slicing into the bicep.
Gazing at the soldier once more before she stood, Tatiana wiped her blade clean on the white and grey mottled tunic of her enemy, then moved to a window in what had once been the little boy’s room.
The cold wind caused the remnants of the curtains on the windows to shift and flutter as the rusted metal hoops holding the material on the bar rattled and squeaked.
On the wall opposite the window, a large Russian flag hung, pierced by several bullet holes. 
Though the room had been ransacked like the remainder of the home, several baseball trophies still lined a shelf and bats were stacked in a corner.
A baseball glove lay on the floor next to them – pictures and posters of American and Russian baseball players, tacked and stapled to the walls, now faded, torn and peeling from those same walls, the paper rattling as it fluttered.
Tatiana couldn’t suppress the tear slipping from her eye as she pulled the radio out and turned it back on while she plugged it into her suit.
Static hissed in her earbud as she pressed the throat mic. “Storm Five Six. Eagle One.”
The reply was almost incredulous. “Eagle One, Storm Five Six. Are you alive?
She dropped any idea of being correct. “Any idea when you’ll come get me?”
The silence lasted for several moments. “Eagle One. We’re working on it.”
Tatiana was in no mood to play games any longer. Her reply was terse. “I’m sure you are. I’m cold and hungry. I’d like to get back. Eagle One out.”
Shutting off the radio once again, she left the house to get her own gear, then hunted down and went through the equipment of each member of the enemy patrol, using the house as a drop-off point for everything she collected, including weapons, ammunition, documents, and other gear.
Finding two of the patrol in the field gravely wounded, she executed both with a single bullet to the head without emotion or remorse.
She left them where they lay.
After all, she reasoned, crows and wolves need fresh meat too.
Returning to the home after her last reconnaissance, she decided to bury the family in their back yard, taking the time to wrap the girl’s body in a beautiful quilt she found in a hope chest in the closet of her room.
Four simple crosses of lashed boards marked the graves of piled stone and brick.
Stacking the last of the bricks on the final grave, she couldn’t help but wonder if the fourth bedroom was a guest room or if a family member had survived.
Over three hours later, Colonel Tatiana Melankov, the youngest person ever appointed a Commanding Officer in the Russian Air Force and leader of the 586th Fighter Aviation Regiment – the Pirates – sat on the crew seat of an almost thirty-year-old, retro-fitted American V-22 Osprey aircraft, rescued by an American Special Forces unit diverted on its way back to her base from another mission.
The Major in charge of the American troops apologized for command leaving her for so long and had his troops load the treasure trove of weaponry, gear and intelligence materials she’d gathered from the enemy patrol, other enemy dead and UAAF vehicles onto the aircraft.
As an afterthought, the unit bagged the last two enemy soldiers she killed in body bags and loaded them as well. The Major reasoned that, if the UAAF was using new gear to suppress thermal signatures, the uniforms they wore may have something to do with it as well.
As they loaded the bodies, one of the soldiers thought he had found a document in the home which identified the family and offered it to her.
Tatiana declined but asked him to turn it in to the authorities when they got back.
It was the least she could do though she doubted any of the staff would do much with the paperwork except toss it in the trash.
Just victims in the war.
Once everything was loaded, the troops quickly climbed back into the aircraft and the Osprey lifted off.
Tatiana sat in one of the seats in the noisy aircraft, tired and a bit hungry, with a cold and emotionless expression on her dirt and blood-stained face.

*****

21 JUNE 2050; 1800 HOURS
MALYSHEVO AIR BASE, NORTHWEST OF KHABAROVSK, RUSSIA

“Colonel,” The voice called. “Colonel Melankov, you still here?”
Tatiana shook the water from her hair as she sat in the chair in front of her locker.
The one advantage she did enjoy about being a commander was the privilege of having a personal dressing room and shower.
Not that she was bothered by dressing and showering with the other pilots, including the men, but it was nice to simply relax after a mission without the chest-thumping and boisterous chatter that usually filled the locker rooms.
The amazing thing about it, she thought, was that the most boisterous were usually the women.
But, she remembered, it was the quiet ones who had so far proven to be the deadliest.
“I’m still here,” She called out in English.
“Lieutenant Gordon, ma’am,” The voice responded, “I have a tagged, priority message from RUSCENTCOM.”
Der'mo. Shit.
“You’re American, right?”
“Yes, ma’am,” He quickly responded. “Eighty Second Airborne, Five O Second.”
She instantly became suspicious, reaching for her weapon. “What are you doing handling a tagged, priority RUSCENTCOM message, Lieutenant?”
“Long story, ma’am,” He replied. “I was at RUSPACCOM getting a SITREP for the Southwest and they needed this delivered ASAP.” A pause. “They couldn’t find an officer so I got volunteered by my CO.”
“I just got out of the shower, Lieutenant,” She replied, patting herself dry. “Give me a moment to get dressed.”
“I’m sorry, ma’am,” The Lieutenant responded, “But I need to get this delivered and get back. Something’s up and I was told to get my ass back there ASAP.” A short pause, as if he expected a response. “Ma’am, the chopper’s still running and the crew told me to get back out there yesterday.”
“Set it on the floor, then.”
“I’m sorry, ma’am,” He apologized. “It has a tag on it. You know I can’t set it down anywhere. That’s why I got volunteered I guess.”
Der'mo. Shit.
Her filthy flight suit lay crumpled in a heap on the floor along with her thermals, underwear and other gear.
She considered standing and getting the clean one from the hook, but she was tired and the day had been a long one.
Staring at the wet towel in her hand, Tatiana thought about wrapping it around herself, then decided it wasn’t worth the effort.
She would have to stand and if she was going to stand, she might as well put a new flight suit on.
And she was too damn tired right now to stand, message be damned.
Draping the oversized wet towel over her shoulders so that it covered her breasts, she sighed.
“Fine,” She called. “Come in.”
A moment later, the Lieutenant, a young American officer with muscular arms stretching the rolled up sleeves of his battle tunic, turned the corner two meters from where she sat and immediately turned his head.
“Oh God,” He stammered. “I’m sorry, Colonel…”
Tatiana smiled. “What’s the matter, Lieutenant? Never seen a naked woman before?”
“Yes, ma’am,” He stammered, clearly uncomfortable as he held out the envelope with one hand while still turning his head, his helmet tucked under the other arm. “It’s just that…”
“What?” She asked in mock sternness, “Am I ugly? Am I not as pretty as your American girls?”
“No ma’am,” He was sweating now. “That’s not what I meant. It’s just…”
“Then you looked at me?” She was enjoying his uncomfortableness more than she realized. 
He was actually cute. “Are you saying I am pretty?”
The Lieutenant was now clearly looking for a way out of a very awkward situation, his face flushed and sweat visibly beading on his forehead. “Ma’am, please…”
“I’m sorry,” She grinned, realizing he had no way of seeing her face as he stared hard at the dull blue-green paint on the wall. “Is there a problem, Lieutenant?”
A young Russian officer would not have dared look away.
They would have stood at attention, staring at a point on the wall above and behind her to avoid her eyes but maintaining the position of attention.
This poor creature was blushing, sweating and about as absolutely uncomfortable as a man could be.
She loved it.
And felt guilty she was enjoying it.
Just a bit.
It had been a while since she had enjoyed the companionship of a man.
In this war, you didn’t ignore an opportunity to savor the comfort and companionship of a partner.
At the very least, you both could forget the horror you lived with each day.
For her, being a commander, it was even harder.
But she needed that escape as much as the next person and maybe more.
If only for a short while.
She took the offered envelope.
“Dismissed, Lieutenant,” She replied.
He turned to go.
“Lieutenant,” She barked and he stopped, ramrod stiff and facing away. “Thank you. You just made my day.”
“Yes, ma’am,” He replied and quickly left.
She heard him exit the room as the door closed behind him and giggled, then looked at the envelope.
It was marked “PERSONAL” and “CONFIDENTIAL”, sealed and had an electronic tag on it, indicating it had been tracked from the point when the envelope was sealed until this very moment.
Even now, the intelligent pad contained within it sensed someone holding the package, reporting its status and geographic location back every minute until she broke the security seal.
She tapped her code into the tag on the flap and the LED lights blinked red and green several times before the green remained illuminated, indicating the information had been passed back and received, then accredited and acknowledged.
Whoever sent it now knew she had the message, whatever it was.
Grasping the pull tab, she yanked it open with a jerk and dropped the security strip onto the bench, then slid the document from the flexi-fiber envelope.
Had she not been the authorized recipient, a small very thin explosive charge built into the lining of the package would have went off.
It was a set of orders.
She lifted the official Russian military documents cover, broke the second seal and breezed through the preliminaries, then inhaled sharply as she read the lead paragraph of the cover letter.
Tatiana –
It is with great pleasure that I command Colonel Tatiana A. Melankov, Commanding Officer, 586th Fighter Aviation Regiment, 76th Aviation Wing, Tactical Air Force, Federation of Russian States, to report immediately to the Commander, 4879th Technical Training Wing, Shimmerman Training Center, Houston, Texas, United States of America, not later than June 30, 2050, to complete transfer into the unit and begin training for the proposed manned Mars mission.
The bottom of the letter was signed by her Godfather, General Alexi Mushinikov, Commander-in-Chief, Tactical Air Forces.
She looked into the envelope and found a fully authorized Passport Card, a set of pre-approved travel documents, her airline travel card showing she was leaving Moscow International Airport in four days and a pre-approved three-day pass card.
There was also an unlimited priority travel card for airline travel within Russia effective today for the next three days and an e-card containing the equivalent of almost six months of pay.
Tatiana pulled out the official orders and stared at the gold stamped seal for a very long time.
As she glanced through them, she noted she had been conditionally assigned as the Deputy Commander of Explorer One, second in command to an American Colonel by the name of Bryce Tyrell, subject to her successfully completing the training.
Colonel Bryce Tyrell.
She’d heard of him but had never actually met the man.
An American, his reputation preceded him as one of the best in the business and more than capable of handling his own in any kind of aerial combat against any number of enemy.
He was young and considered an excellent officer, a rather unorthodox commander, brash, a bit arrogant and a man willing to take gambles, especially in situations where his back was against the wall.
The intelligence files had mentioned he had a fondness for American whiskey and light beers.
The files also detailed the facts and rumors of his numerous amorous adventures with ladies of all ages and nationalities.
She read the exploits out of curiosity more than anything else, finding the details rather explicit and probably unnecessary.
Yet they did show the Colonel was an interesting man.
Because she was a unit commander who might have to interact with him or his unit on both a personal and mission level, Tatiana had access to the files to be better prepared in case she ran into the man.
His file had stood out to her not just because of his youth and legendary exploits, but because of the nature of some of his aerial kills and because he was so radically different from the usual stuffed shirt commanders of American military units.
She had honestly looked forward to finally meeting the man when her unit was scheduled to train and interact with the American flyers in about a month.
Just how much of the stories she’d heard about him were fact as opposed to legend and lore she didn’t know, but she intended to find out.
But she had no intention of becoming the next in his string of amorous adventures.
She sat, staring at the orders.
Part of her suddenly dreaded the assignment.
Second in command to some American cowboy with a fondness for whiskey, beer and women.
She remembered the picture in his file of a rugged, middle-aged looking man but figured he, like most Americans she knew, rarely updated their dossier jacket photos usually after achieving Major.
If he was like most American Colonel’s she already met, he’d be a grizzled older man with grey hair or maybe even bald, even if the file claimed he was “young”.
Grumpy with an attitude.
She laughed a bit and considered taking another look at the file, then decided not to.
For once, she’d let life surprise her.
No matter what lay in store, she intended to let it happen as it came to her rather than try and make it happen the way she wanted it to be.
Knowing herself and how she wanted every bit of information about everything, it was going to be tough.
She wasn’t used to going into any situation without all the information she could possibly find.
But, for some reason, this seemed somehow different.
Mars was a complete unknown.
She had applied on a spur-of-the-moment decision without even knowing much about the planet.
The trip to the planet, the mission itself and the trip back would all be unknowns.
Even the training was going to be the first of its type – a complete unknown – though she knew it had been in the planning and development stages for almost two years.
She actually shivered uncontrollably for a moment – that little shiver of wonder at the unknown.
It felt good.
Maybe she’d get lucky and this American Colonel would have a sense of humor.
So few of them did, these days, but maybe she’d get lucky.  
In the end, it really didn’t matter, she thought, as Tatiana read through the documents quickly, feeling almost like a little girl once more as she put everything back into the envelope.
She suddenly wanted this opportunity badly – a chance to escape this war before it finally killed her.
And now she was leaving the war behind.
And Russia.
A part of her was sad – she would be leaving her family and all she knew behind for a very long time, not knowing if they would survive the war or a thousand other things that could go wrong.
Another part of her was giddy – she would be traveling to another planet to do things no other human had ever done.
She would be making history and creating a path for others to follow.
Slowly she dried her hair, not really paying much attention to what she was doing as she considered so many things.
And then, for a long time, Tatiana Melankov simply sat and stared at the plain words on the front of an envelope that had changed her life forever.
The room was warm and even the tile under her feet felt good.
Finally, still naked, she stood, dropped the towel off her shoulder and pulled the green canvas alert bag from on top of the locker down.
Slowly, she picked up her belongings from around the room, then removed everything from her locker and packed each item in the bag, her mind trying to grasp just what had happened to her this day.
Once the bag was packed, she dressed, pulling the zipper of her clean flight suit up and checking herself in the mirror.
She wasn’t bad looking but the stress of the war had clearly taken its toll.
It was evident mostly in her face.
It was good she was leaving.
Tatiana Melankov grabbed her bag, checked the locker and the room for anything she might have left behind, then walked out to head to her office.
She had a new commander to designate and a unit to inform, then a plane to catch to take her home for three days.
She would grab a few personal things from her room and have the rest packed and shipped to her parent’s place.
After that?
After that lay a future about which she had no idea.
But, she decided, it was going to be interesting, no matter what.
Even if it meant trying to reign in some grumpy, old, whiskey-drinking, skirt chasing American cowboy from killing them all on a gamble.
She smiled.
  
*****

21 JUNE 2050; 1800 HOURS 
SMITHSONIAN AIR AND SPACE MUSEUM, WASHINGTON, D.C.

“What was it used for, Mommy?” The little girl asked in a hushed voice, as if she would wake up ghosts if she spoke louder, staring at the object lying in the glass case on black velvet. 
Two armed guards stood on either side inside the enclosure of iron, waist high fencing, their countenances stern and unyielding.
The artifact itself, now purged of the black scale that had covered it, lay displayed at a forty-five-degree angle, the two pieces of rock that had contained it mounted one of either side.
The powdery substance that had been found with it lay in a small glass dish before it.
Surrounding the display were glass cases holding other rocks and equipment from the five missions to Mars, including two cases dedicated to the two lost crews.
Video shows ran continuously, offering the viewer information on the Hermes program, the various individual missions and the potential to settle Mars permanently.
Replicas of the Mars rover and even a full-scale lander adorned one side of the enormous room built solely for this display while high overhead, models of various satellites in orbit around Mars hung for all to see.
But the undisputed star of the entire gallery sat in the very center.
Illuminated by spotlights and under watch twenty-four hours a day by two armed guards was the artifact found in the rock.
Or rather, very carefully made replicas of the artifact, the powder and the two pieces of rock, accurate down to the smallest detail.
The actual artifact, the residual black powder and its rocky sarcophagus resided in a high-security, undisclosed location accessible by a known few and protected from those who would try to steal it for themselves.
Even today, while the rock was well-studied, both the powder and the metal the artifact was made of defied description.
The elemental form of both the artifact and the powder were completely unfamiliar and the composition of the artifact itself was something of a mystery.
Though nothing was expected as a result, X-rays couldn’t penetrate it and even the most powerful scans revealed nothing about it.
Without other artifacts like it to have in reserve, more invasive testing could not be accomplished.
Even the symbols on the thing were riddles within themselves – the design was strange and offered nothing to the viewer while the lone symbol revealed nothing whatsoever.
Decades after it was found, both the artifact and the strange black powdery substance had so far revealed nothing and offered even less about its purpose, origins or the planet it came from.
“I don’t know, honey,” Her mom answered in a voice just as quiet. “I don’t think anyone knows really.”
“Where did it come from?” The girl asked, fascinated by the simple shape of the artifact.
“Mars, honey.”
“Where’s Mars?”
“A long way away,” Her father answered her, smiling. “A long ways away.”
“Can we go there?” The little girl looked at her dad with eyes wide and full of wonder. “Can we go to Mars?”
“Why on Earth would you want to go to Mars, child?” Her mom asked, smiling as folks surrounding them snickered and chuckled at the little lady’s persistence.
“To meet them.”
“Who, honey?” Asked her dad, much to the chagrin of the others standing in the hall and listening to the polite conversation.
“The people who made that.” The girl answered in a serious tone. “I want to ask them what it was used for.”
Amid the light laughter surrounding them, the dad looked down at his little girl. “Honey, I don’t think they’re at Mars anymore.”
“Why not?’ She persisted.
“I think they may have moved away,” He replied. “Probably someplace far away.”
“Daddy?” She looked up at the big burly man.
“Yes, hon?”
“You’re a policeman,” She replied in a sincere tone. “You can find them.”
The gallery broke out in laughter as the father stared at his little girl, unsure how to reply to such a request.
Finally, he knelt down and took her little hands in his own and, in a soft voice, the dad looked his little girl in the eyes and offered the only answer he could think of to satisfy her curiosity.
“I’ll start looking for them tomorrow, hon.”

*****
*****

CHAPTER FIVE

“There are two ways to be fooled. One is to believe what isn’t true; the other is to refuse to accept what is true.”

Soren Kierkegaard

*****

21 JUNE 2050; 2100 HOURS
ROOM 4021, MARRIOTT HOTEL, WINCHESTER, NEVADA

General Johanson opened the door and smiled as Ron Decker walked into the luxurious suite.
Decker was straight to the point as the General closed the door. “You were a little rough on my team, today.”
“I know, Ron,” The General acknowledged. “I know that and I’m sorry. But I got that stupid son of a bitch from the Secretary’s office on the team and if I didn’t play it like I did, then…” 
Decker held up his hand. “I know. I know. Does anyone suspect?”
Johanson shook his head. “Nope. I guarantee everyone on my team thinks I want to kill you.” Johanson offered the man a scotch on the rocks, which Decker accepted and held up. “To the Viper.”
Frederick Johanson held his glass up. “To the Viper.”
They both sipped the expensive scotch as the General offered Decker a chair at the table in the room.
Decker sat down and opened the leather portfolio he carried with him, laying out a number of drawings along with sheets of engineering analysis.
Some of the drawings were of aircraft while others portrayed mechanized ground combat equipment.
“I think this will satisfy your bill, Frederick.”
General Johanson glanced through the drawings and engineering sheets, paying particular attention to the various aircraft designs.
“I think these may do the trick.” He looked up at Decker. “And you can do these on the cheap?”
“By the standards of what you’re paying for the Thunderbolt III, hell yes. I can produce hundreds for what a squadron of the Bolts are costing you.”
The General picked up a drawing of the Viper painted in an all-black scheme. “Enough to overwhelm the UAAF.”
“Them and anyone else you want to drive into the dirt.” Decker took a sip of his scotch. “By the way, where’d you dig up that bunch of cowboys?”
General Johanson looked up. “The 1977th?”
“Yeah,” Decker responded. “If we had those profiles to start with, none of those boys would have won a single match against the Viper this past week. They made my plane…and my company…look like a bunch of rank amateurs.”
The General laughed. “And that’s why you didn’t get them.”
“Why?” Decker asked. “To embarrass me?”
Johanson moved to the window of the room forty floors above the ground, looking out over the city the defense department built.
All of the contracts and upgrades to Winchester Field, along with the top secret work, had built a city of one hundred thousand people.
The gambling industry did the rest.
The General looked at the ground far below.
“I wanted to see what the best of the best would do against the Viper with the programming we gave you.” He turned to face Decker “I guess we found out, didn’t we.”
“Yeah, we found out,” Decker chuckled. “My planes got their asses kicked from here to everywhere and I look like an idiot. The Strategic boys think the Vulture is a joke.”
Johanson pointed to him. “But you got those profiles for the 1977th boys, didn’t you?”
Decker nodded. “Yes. Yes, we did. Just got them about an hour ago.” He smiled. “And now the Viper and the Vulture will be absolutely unbeatable against ours or anyone else’s aircraft.” He paused, swirling the scotch and ice cubes. “I have to tell you, Frederick. Our engineers still can’t believe the neural response activity of that guy Tyrell. His profile is unbelievable and the numbers are off the damn charts.” He shook his head in disbelief. “He’s like a fucking computer in a plane.”
General Johanson nodded. “He’s one of the best ever.” He turned and smiled. “Probably better than me.”
“That I doubt.” Decker responded. 
“The Viper had my profile in it.” Johanson said simply.
“Yes, it did,” Decker nodded, then looked at his watch. “Geez. I need to get going or I’ll be late for that damn dinner.” He stood, waving at the table. “This is yours. Do with it what you want.” Setting the glass down, he asked. “You going?”
“No,” The General escorted his friend to the door. “I begged off and told my staff I’m still pissed about today.” He patted Ron on the back. “I appreciate you doing this.”
Decker laughed. “Hell, for the guaranteed contracts and what they do for my company, you let me know what you want.”
The General shook his hand as they got to the door. “Good doing business with you, bud.”
“You too,” Decker nodded. “By the way, the deposit’s done.”
As he opened the door, the General stopped Decker. “Listen, Ron. I suspect things are going to change in the administration soon. A lot of rumblings.” Decker nodded as the General continued. “I’ll want to make sure I have folks I can depend on if things get sporty.” He stared Ronald Decker in the eye. “You on the team?”
Decker returned the cold steel stare without flinching. “I think I’ve paid the fee to be in the club, haven’t I?”
“Yes. The General smiled, “You have, my friend, you have.”
Ronald Decker left the room and headed down the hall as the General closed the door, smiling as the complex plan he devised three years earlier began to finally come together.
He moved back to the table and picked up the drawing of the Viper in the all-black scheme.
Sleek, formidable and terrifying – it was everything he wanted and needed for his new air force.
He grinned.
With thousands of these and each equipped with the combined profiles of the 1977th, Johanson couldn’t think of anyone who could even come close to matching an aircraft like this in combat.
The United States would dictate the rules to the world and no one would dare oppose him.
The UAAF would be the first to feel the penalty of opposing this new air force.
Just a little more time.
His smile grew even bigger.

*****

22 JUNE 2050; 1430 HOURS 
MORGAN MEMORIAL SOFTBALL FIELDS
JOINT MILITARY BASE ANDREWS, MARYLAND

The bat whistled as it sliced the air in front of the catcher, barely missing the ball.
Catcalls and jeers met the batter’s ears as the catcher grinned, holding the bright yellow ball up for Mikael to see before throwing it back to the pitcher.
“C’mon, Mike, man,” Someone from the bench yelled. “Smack that damn thing.”
Brecker grinned as he looked at his bench, pointing the bat at the young man grinning back at him.
More jeers and laughs.
Brecker shifted his body and settled back in the batter’s box. 
The pitcher had two strikes on him and was feeling overly confident.
But this wasn’t baseball.
It was softball and Mikael knew the only thing the guy could do was put the ball over the plate for a solid strike-out but he also suspected this pitcher might toss one just outside to get Mikael to reach for it and maybe get a lucky strike three.
After all, he had three balls to give away.
Mikael watched his eyes.
No, he thought, this guy wanted him bad.
He wanted to be the one to strike out Mikael Brecker for the first time this season.
Mikael tucked himself in just a bit, lifting his elbow ever so slightly.
No more games.
He gave the guy two already.
The catcalls, jeers and encouragement around him suddenly seemed to fade away as he concentrated on the ball. 
Then it was there – arcing through the air.
A bit flat but straight down the center.
The bright yellow ball paled a bit against the deep blue of the sky punctuated by the high wispy streams of white cloud.
Everything began to slow, as if Mikael could suddenly see each rotation of the ball in perfect detail.
His eyes locked on the ball, calculating the point where he needed to hit it with the bat to get the maximum effect.
The breeze against his cheek would have no effect on it.
His bat began to come around, almost as if it were controlled by someone or something else, his body twisting to give it added momentum as he continued to track the ball.
Watching it as it fell into the “box” as he called that zone where his bat would intersect the ball, he unconsciously calculated the point where the bat and ball would meet and made a very slight adjustment to his swing without even being aware he did it.
And was rewarded by the solid “tink” as the aluminum bat made perfect contact with the ball.
Brecker watched it arc away from him, straight over the shortstop’s head and continuing upward.
He didn’t move as the ball continued its flight, peaking out somewhere over the middle of left field.
Mikael looked quickly at the fence then back up at the ball, calculating in his mind as the left fielder sprinted backwards, his eyes on the ball.
Suddenly the fielder stopped and simply watched as the ball sailed over the fence with more than enough height to continue on for a short distance.
A cheer went up from Brecker’s bench as his team erupted from the bench, screaming and pouring onto the field.
The pitcher ripped off his glove then slammed it into the dirt, smiling at Brecker and motioning to first base.
Mikael smiled back at his best friend and did a slight bow as he began to make his way around the bases, bringing up the rear as three other runners made their own way around the bags in front of him.
As the third runner crossed home plate, jumping up and landing squarely on the rubber pentagon, Brecker’s team began cheering and throwing their hats in the air.
Brecker rounded the third base bag and was greeted by the pitcher, his hand extended in a handshake.
“Hell of a hit, bud. Congrats.” Offered Paul Mason, grinning. “I thought for a moment I had ya.”
“Next year!” Brecker returned the shake and continued on.
Greeted all the way in by backslaps and high-fives, the minute he tapped the base, securing the win, the whole team descended on him, surrounding him and congratulating him.
Base Champions for the third year in a row.
The pandemonium continued for several minutes, paused while the trophy was awarded in an impromptu ceremony, then continued again.
And kept going as Brecker finally separated himself from the celebrations to move over to where his wife, Cheryl, stood by the chain-link fence, a grin on her beautiful face.
“Hey big boy,” She teased as he approached, leaning over to give him a seductive glimpse of cleavage. “You got a girlfriend?”
He grinned as he came up to her and she kissed him over the waist high chain-link fence – a long, passionate kiss.
“Wow,” He grinned even more as they parted lips. “All that for a homerun?”
“That’s just a sample, hon,” She cooed. “Let’s see if you got any energy left when we get home.”
“Let me get my gear…”
“Commander…”
Brecker turned to see Captain Davidson from the UAN coming toward him.
“Jack,” Brecker greeted the man. “You came to watch the game?”
“Yeah, man,” Jack Davidson came up, his hand outstretched. “Incredible hit. Congrats!”
“Thanks,” Mikael accepted the congratulatory handshake. “I was a bit worried.”
“Bullshit,” Jack laughed. “You haven’t struck out or even hit out the entire year.”
“Yeah,” Mikael grinned. “That’s why I was real worried.” Brecker picked up his bat and wiped it off. “But I’ll bet that’s not the reason you came.”
Jack grinned. “So have you decided?”
One of his teammates tossed Mikael his glove and he caught it, then turned and headed back toward Cheryl, bat and glove in hand.
“I’ve given it some thought,” Mikael nodded. “It’s a big leap.”
“What’s that, hon?” Cheryl asked.
“Hon,” Brecker held his hand out toward Captain Davidson. “This is Jack. He’s here about the offer.”
“I think it’s a fantastic opportunity,” Cheryl smiled. “But do we have to move again?”
“No,” Jack held up his hands. “Mikael will have to travel back and forth to Houston, Texas to do the training and advise the UAN on what needs to be done to support the mission, but I see no need for you and the kids to be uprooted.”
“I’m not a military officer,” Brecker reminded Jack. “And I feel strange trying to act like one.”
“Listen, Mikael,” Jack nodded. “This is a military mission. Even the few civilians assigned to it are designated military.” He immediately saw the doubt in Brecker’s eyes. “I know it’s a huge step, but you’re only consulting, not going up. This rank helps you to do the job.”
Brecker shook his head. “I feel like I’m acting. They know I’m not a real Commander.”
“They don’t care…”
“Until I say something they don’t agree with.”
“So?” Jack offered. “Would you be any different if you weren’t wearing any rank?”
“No,” Mikael shook his head. “No, it wouldn’t change anything.”
“And?” Jack smiled.
“What happens after the mission?” Mikael asked, closing his bat bag and hefting it to his shoulder.
“Let’s get through the mission first,” Jack offered. “What you’re doing now is just getting them off the ground. We got to get them there, get things set up and get them back.”
“I dunno.”
“Listen, Mikael,” Jack pressed. “I need an answer. We have to get things finalized.”
Mikael looked at his wife.
She gave him a slight nod of her head. “We’ll be fine, hon.”
“Fine,” Mikael agreed with a slight sigh. “Let’s do it.”
“Great!” Jack exclaimed. “I’ll let them know and get the transfer paperwork started.” He shook Brecker’s hand and turned to leave. “I should have your orders to you in a day or so.”
“When do I leave?” Mikael called out as he departed.
“Two days.”
Two days, thought Mikael. Two days and I go from being a contractor with a fake military rank in a civilian space agency advising the military to a real military officer in a genuine military unit.
For some reason, a feeling of dread swept through him as he came through the fence gate and took his wife in his arms.
It was like some sort of timer suddenly started.
He briefly considered running down Jack and declining the offer, then chastised himself.
You’re being stupid, he told himself. Worrying about nothing.
Like you always do.
Two days.

*****

And so it went over the next two days – thousands of individuals informed by their governments, military commanders, their bosses or, in some cases, by couriers handing them innocent-looking packages notifying each of their selection to travel to Houston, Texas.
Once there, they would begin training to undertake one of the most ambitious programs ever envisioned by mankind.
Some would train to become technicians, some to supervise, and some to man the hundreds of stations and thousands of pieces of monitoring, testing and observation equipment that would be needed around the world to monitor and communicate with those who would take this perilous journey.
A journey across space and all the dangers it held to set foot and establish a permanent presence on a red planet as hostile as the space that separated it from Earth.
With a major regional conflict of unparalleled cruelty and barbaric brutality threatening to explode into a world war occupying much of the world’s thoughts and discussion and in the midst of rising local tensions in other regions of the world, struggling economies, a deeply divided United Nations and a world seemingly on the brink of chaos, nations still held tenuously onto a dream started so many years before.
A dream to expand man’s presence beyond the fragile planet it inhabited.
Dreams of mining the riches of the vast universe to expand the knowledge of mankind.
Dreams of undiscovered knowledge opening new frontiers and unknown sciences.
Dreams of colonizing other worlds, with all each held in wonder and new discovery, to cause Earth’s populations to unite in a single effort by all of humanity.
For every voice decrying this undertaking, claiming extraordinary cost and resources used; for every voice that bemoaned the futility of man trying to extend his reach and inhabitation of any world other than this beautiful Earth; for every person that cried foul and demanded the program be silenced; for every naysayer, there were ten who had come to believe in the dream and wanted to be part of something greater than themselves.
And so, across the world, thousands were offered the chance to converge on a city in Texas to try and make the dreams a reality.

*****

30 JUNE 2050; 0800 HOURS 
HOUSTON, TEXAS, U.S.A.

Tatiana stepped into the coliseum filled with people of all races and nationalities.
Over twelve hundred potential astronauts and probably five times that number of new technicians, supervisors and all of the other support people that would be needed to make this mission happen filled the seats.
Not easily impressed, she couldn’t help but be awed by the military uniforms of all types covered in medals, ribbons, badges, sashes and other accouterments everywhere, not to mention the level of education and experience held by the thousands who surrounded her. The unnatural brightness of the huge LED lighting in the arena cast a slight bluish color to everything and everyone.
A young man stepped up and took her in-processing package, comparing the name to a list on his electronic data pad.
“Colonel Melankov, welcome,” He stated, nonchalantly, “You’re seated in Section G, Row F, Seat Two. We’ll begin in about a half hour. You need to in-process.”
She stared at him for a moment and he pointed to a section of the room where a green LED sign glowed with a big letter “G”, handed her packet back to her after writing the seating location in the lower left hand part of the envelope and motioned her to a group of young men and women sitting behind some tables.
The air was a bit stuffy as the air conditioning system struggled to keep the big room cool in the hot, humid Texas weather.
It wasn’t uncomfortable, but she knew it would get warm if the systems couldn’t keep up and regretted wearing her service dress uniform.
Mechanically, Tatiana moved to the table and handed her packet to the person while continuing to stare at the room surrounding her.
People moved in lines and patterns all around her, shifting from one point to another and then onto the next.
The young man checked her name against a data pad, then pressed a tab.
A printer on the table hummed to life for a moment before spitting out a multi-colored, high definition badge with her picture on it.
Swiftly the man took the badge, checked it against the information on the data pad, then dropped it into another machine next to the laser printer.
Seconds later, the badge reappeared, encased in plastic with a steel grommet through the top. A small computer chip was embedded along the side.
He handed Tatiana her packet along with a new data pad, two binders, and her badge attached to a lanyard, then motioned her into the room.
Before she could gather herself and move on, he was already taking the packet from the next candidate.
Avoiding people as she moved forward, Tatiana hung the lanyard with the still-warm badge around her neck and made her way to Section G, then paused a moment.
Staring at the mass of people already seated above her, she wondered how she would truly make it through this.
Someone bumped into her from behind, mumbling a low ‘Sorry’ as they made their way to wherever they were headed and she realized she was standing in the middle of the aisle.
Taking a deep breath, Tatiana climbed the steep cement steps upward to the sixth row and looked at the wide contoured, padded seating stretching along the row.
No doubt meant for rowdy fans of the athletic teams which played in this place, the row was filling up with a number of people already seated, each staring at her and wondering if they were going to have to shift or stand to let her pass.
She offered a perfunctory nod to them, then slid in and took her seat, thankful the person sitting in the first seat hadn’t arrived just yet.
Realizing she would most likely have to stand, judging from the few empty seats left in the row, Tatiana slid the binders underneath her seat and held onto the packet and tablet, unwilling to do anything until the remainder of the row was filled.
“Commander Melankov?”
The greeting startled her as she looked up at the man standing in the aisle.
Rarely did any man catch her attention these days, but the pale blue eyes staring from the chiseled face topped by thick, black, close cropped hair and the big grin of pearly white teeth held her concentration for more than a moment.
Colonel Bryce Tyrell.
She remembered the photo now.
“Prasteete?” She answered, still looking into those piercing blue eyes. Excuse me?
“Oh,” He paused a moment, “Vi gavareetye pa angleeskee?” Do you speak English?
“Quite well,” She answered, regaining her composure, “Ty govorish' po-russki?” You speak Russian?
“Eezveeneete,” He apologized in flawless Russian, “Ya plokha gavaryoo pa rooskee” Sorry, my Russian is bad.
Nice, Colonel, she thought to herself. I’ll bet your Russian is better than mine.
She smiled a coy smile as he sat down and arranged his materials, unable to help herself from noticing how his well-defined muscular body nicely filled the seat.
Even the cologne he was wearing wasn’t just pleasant, but actually enjoyable.
No wonder the list of his amorous adventures was so long.
He half-turned, offering his hand. “I’m Colonel Bryce Tyrell,” He smiled again. “I believe you and I will be working together.”
As she took his hand, the man had the audacity to gently lift it and gracefully brush a kiss to the top then let go.
“I know,” He grinned, “A bit unprofessional, but I couldn’t resist such beauty.”
Taken aback, Tatiana wasn’t sure whether to rebuke him for the unprofessional advance or encourage him.
She smiled as she nodded. “Thank you, Colonel, and I forgive you,” She replied softly. “I hope we can work together though without the kiss every time we greet.”
He didn’t seem fazed by the slight rebuke.
“I promise to try to restrain myself,” He grinned even more, then began to settle himself, activating the tablet and sliding his packet under the seat.
“I hope not,” Tatiana replied quietly – too quiet for anyone to hear – as she busied herself with getting ready for the start of the training.
She smiled as she shook her head, surprised at herself for being so attracted, especially to a man she was going to have to work with for a very long time and even more so because she already knew what he was.
And she had just met him.
Definitely a cowboy.
And definitely dangerous.
Chastising herself once again, she vowed to bury those feelings before they became a problem.
The final empty seats began to fill quickly as an American Army General Officer stepped to the podium, flanked by a Russian and German General Officer.
The American took a sip of water from a glass on the table next to it then waited several minutes as the lights dimmed and a projection system lit up the screen behind him, the din dying down as everyone turned their attention to him.
“Ladies and gentleman, welcome to the start of your training.”

*****

30 JUNE 2050; 2032 HOURS
BUBBA’S BEER EMPORIUM, HOUSTON, TEXAS, U.S.A.

“What a day,” Bryce remarked to no one in particular as he leaned on the bar, setting his almost empty glass down.
The young bartender at the end, a pretty thing in her twenties, smiled as she moved toward him to fill it again and he waved her off.
The clearly disappointed pout on her face as she turned made him smile.
A short skirt and cowboy boots provided bookends to a pair of exceptionally shapely and very tanned long legs.
The white gauzy blouse did nothing to hide an equally shapely body and her long blonde hair, pulled back in a loose ponytail, only accentuated a face so cute you couldn’t take your eyes off it.
The girl oozed confidence and a devil-may-care attitude as she laughed and traded one-liners with the bar patrons.
“What have you gotten yourself into Bryce ole’ boy?” He mumbled to himself, staring at the glass.
For just a little hole-in-the-wall bar next to the base, it seemed to be a pretty rowdy place.
Around him sat a number of locals and some of the new trainees, most sitting at tables talking in low voices.
A few of the trainees – all young men and women – were in the adjacent pool room, boisterous and bragging about how they were going to tear the course apart.
He watched them for several minutes as they slammed down beers and hard drinks, playing the game with very little finesse as they vied for the honor of hitting the ball the hardest into each pocket.
Young men and women ready to prove their metal.
Ready to prove it to the trainers, to the program and to Mars.
Bryce shook his head.
He wasn’t, by any measure, a rocket scientist and he already knew this training was going to kick his butt, physically and mentally.
In the corner a young couple sat in a booth, both lost in each other.
Had to be locals, Bryce thought, since neither wore a uniform and both looked too young to be part of the program.
He watched them for a moment more before shifting his gaze to some locals.
They were rough looking and muscular.
The clothes looked well-worn as did the weather-beaten faces.
He’d heard about them already.
Deep water miners.
They were part of any number of crews who worked the deep-sea mineral mines and the briefing had specifically stated they were not the type of men and women to be trifled with.
These were men and women who challenged death every day in a hostile environment just to grind out a few pounds of precious mineral from the water, slime and rock thousands of feet below the surface.
They were men and women who laughed at what Bryce and the trainees were training for.
To these miners, Mars would be a vacation.
Bryce nodded and one of them – a grizzled older miner – nodded back.
It was enough.
Turning back to the bar, he swirled the last of the whiskey in the glass tumbler, wondering if he should let the girl fill it up.
She kept stealing glances back at him, clearly looking for a reason to come over.
On the third glance back, he lifted the glass and she smiled as she turned.
And he immediately regretted his decision.
Grabbing a bottle of Jack on the way without seeming to even look for it, she expertly lifted it into place, not even watching as the amber liquid filled his glass.
Her eyes never left his as she tilted the bottle back, setting it down, his glass almost half full.
“On the house,” She purred in a voice soft as the finest silk, her green eyes sparkling. “Now can I get you anything else?” She paused just a moment. “Anything?”
“How is it?” Bryce asked, staring at her and marveling at how beautiful she truly was. “While the rest of the world has to scramble to even find this,” He held up the glass of amber liquid. “You seem to have more than enough.”
She smiled and leaned on the bar, offering him a view of her lacy white push-up bra and the tanned bosom it held. “I’ll get you anything you need, sugar…anything. You want something?”
“Not just yet,” Bryce smiled back.
She wasn’t just attractive; she was absolutely damn cute.
And making it clear she wanted to stick around and chat some more as she wiped the same place on the bar over and over while she looked him up and down like prey sizing up its next meal.
“So you’re my boss,” Tatiana stated nonchalantly in Russian-accented English as she stepped up to the bar next to Bryce, giving the young thing behind the counter a don’t-you-have-something-to-do look. “And I was right. You’re a cowboy.”
The bartender returned the glare, then smiled at Bryce as she made her way back down the bar to fill more glasses and banter with rowdy guests.
“If you mean can I ride a horse?” Bryce casually asked as he stared straight ahead, a smug smile on his face. “Then yep, I’m definitely a cowboy.”
“That the only thing you ride, cowboy?”
Bryce turned and stared at his new second-in-command, caught off-guard and a bit taken aback.
He knew many thought he was a bit brash and forward and some thought he was nothing more than a chauvinist and a player, but this was blunt, even by his standards.
“I’m sorry,” He asked, making no attempt at hiding his eyes as he sized up the woman in front of him for probably the fiftieth time that day.
If she wanted blunt, he’d be blunt.
She was beautiful by any standard – definite competition for the bartender.
About five foot six, in her late thirties with mid-back length dark hair and around one hundred thirty pounds, if the dossier was correct.
Tatiana Melankov had changed from the unflattering Russian officer’s uniform and now stood next to him in a simple but very stylish knee length, body-hugging, black dress with a slight slit up the thigh, black hose, and three-inch black stiletto open-toed heels.
The dress only accentuated her shapely figure and full breasts with the cute heart-shaped cutout.
She looked at him with a face more like an angel’s than someone who had killed as many as the stories about her claimed.
A burnished complexion and arched eyebrows over long, sweeping eyelashes simply added to the beauty of her hair framing a button nose.
Her enticing, warm brown eyes gazed at him over puffy, heart shaped lips, painted and outlined to perfection in a striking shade of red lipstick.
For her age, Bryce had to admit she was as sexy as the young bartender and the soft Russian accent simply added to her attractiveness.
He forced himself to remember this wasn’t just a woman in front of him that he might take to bed later that evening.
Tatiana Melankov was a top-notch Russian officer and one of the best pilots in the Russian Air Force – a deadly warrior willing to sacrifice even her own aircraft to destroy the enemy.
This young woman had risen to where she was because she had ice in her veins and Bryce reminded himself to remember that.
She was also his Deputy Commander.
Right now, she stared at him, the top of her dress revealing the mounded flesh of the deep cleavage that lay hidden beneath it peeking through the heart-shaped window.
On a delicate silver chain, a silver heart-shaped pendant with a diamond in the middle of the heart lay on her skin, the bottom of the heart resting in the V of her mounded flesh. Though not as tanned as the young bartender, Tatiana’s skin glowed in the dim light of the bar.
A coy smile and a clear drink in one hand.
If she were as deadly in the cockpit as she was bold standing here, he thought, then this was one dangerous woman.
And her demeanor was so cool and calm, he couldn’t tell if she was drunk, interested or simply daring him.
 “I asked,” She slowly repeated in excellent Russian-accented English, her eyes never leaving his. “If horses are the only thing you ride…cowboy?”
Bryce considered many options in that brief moment.
What his body told him conflicted with his common sense.
Common sense won.
“Commander,” He smiled, trying to take a professional approach to ease the situation. “Perhaps you’ve had just a bit too much tonight.”
“That’s funny,” She offered a sultry smile, her eyes twinkling. “I haven’t even started drinking yet.” She held up the glass. “This?” She set it on the bar. “Is ice water.”
Appropriate, thought Bryce. Definitely a cool number.
“Then…” Began Bryce, looking to cut this off before it began.
She interrupted him. “Let’s quit with the chit-chat,” She moved a step closer, speaking in low tones. “I clearly saw you sizing me up and watching me most of the day like a piece of meat and…” She looked at him. “Frankly, I was looking at you as well and wondering just how good you really are.”
“Commander,” Bryce interrupted. “Are you sure you…”
“First thing, my name’s Tatiana, not Commander. And it’s like this,” Tatiana interrupted him, turning to the bar. “You and I have been around this circus more than either of us care to admit. I don’t know a damn thing about you other than what I read, but I do know one thing. I’m not stupid and I know you’re an intelligent man.” She smiled. “And I can tell you right this minute you and I eventually will end up in bed.”
Bryce chuckled. “Really?”
A shiver ran through him.
He didn’t think he’d been so damn obvious during the day, but she was hard not to take the eyes off of.
And it wasn’t just him staring at her.
What really bothered him was how blunt she was about things he’d only been thinking.
“You don’t think so?” She asked, still staring straight ahead. “Because I certainly know what I feel and I’m rarely wrong about these feelings.” She paused. “And I’m willing to bet whatever you’re willing to lose I know what you’re thinking.” She laughed a cute little laugh. “The funny thing is that I actually swore to myself before I even stepped on that plane after I read your dossier I wouldn’t do this.”
“Then perhaps you should stop.”
“Stop? Really?” She shook her head. “Now that’s certainly something I would have never expected you to say.” She laughed. “Stop certainly isn’t a word used to describe you with women.”
“Maybe I’m looking out for both of us.” He offered.
 “Maybe I’m not pretty enough?” She smiled. “Not up to your caliber.”
“Beauty has nothing to do with it,” Bryce replied calmly, a smile on his face. “And you are certainly beautiful,” He paused, carefully choosing his words. “More beautiful than most women I must admit.” Bryce smiled. “But I try not to become involved with members of my command, especially my deputy commander.”
He wondered if he should cut the conversation off and get out of the bar.
Unfortunately, he had to admit the chemistry between the two of them was strong, no matter what he tried to say.
He couldn’t deny he was attracted to her and it was more than obvious the feeling seemed to be mutual on her side. 
Even so, Bryce was getting very uncomfortable.
“I take it then you’ve had deputy commanders as cute as me, Colonel?” She asked nonchalantly. “And none of them took you to bed?”
“No,” He admitted as he stood up straight, deciding the air in the bar had become a bit too warm. 
He began to offer a polite goodnight and leave.
“Don’t run away,” She smiled and interrupted him before he could say anything. “And don’t even think about having me replaced,” She turned and looked at him as he stared at her. “And, for heaven’s sake, quit denying the obvious.” She smiled. “Damn, man, you have no clue what I had to do to find out you were here. Then I come here and clearly tell you in every way I can I want to fuck you as much as you want me and you fight me?” She softly shook her head as she looked down at the glass of ice. “I’ve never had to work this hard, especially with someone who obviously wants me as much as I want him.”
“Listen, I just…”
“Let’s make one thing clear, Colonel,” She interrupted him again, staring at her glass rather than him. “I’m not a needy little girl and I’m not some damn whore. For some reason, I am very, very attracted to you.” She paused to let the tension between them relax as she looked up at him. “I’m not like this normally, but I figure with you, it’s better to be blunt than play around. Don’t worry, I’m not going to screw you tonight, though I admit I hate to waste dressing up like this but….” She trailed off for just a moment, her crimson nails drumming the bar gently as she deliberately stared at him then continued. “The reason I came here tonight is to establish the rules so we can both survive this training and each other, especially when we go to Mars.”
“The rules?” He chuckled. “Survive the training? And each other?”
“That’s right. The rules.”
“We need rules?”
“Are you serious?” She laughed a genuine laugh, the tension completely broken now. “Trust me, cowboy, you and I definitely need rules.”
“And,” Bryce asked, smiling as he sipped his drink, more than a bit curious. “Just what are the rules?”
“For you and I, the rules are really very simple,” She smiled back, swirling the ice cubes in her empty glass. “We bust our asses, as you say, to do the job and do it better than anyone else. We’re a team and I prefer to be the best. You don’t look at any other women or fuck anyone else and neither do I.” She swirled the cubes again. “But you don’t get me right away and you may not get me at all if you play games with me. It’s entirely up to you. You want me, then romance me. I love to be romanced and I need it more than you know.” She let the revelation hang for a moment. “You romance me, cowboy, and I’ll make every fantasy you ever had come true.” Her eyes bored a hole into his soul as she grinned a sly grin. “And probably more than a few you didn’t even know you had.”
Bryce took another sip. “Pretty bold for someone I don’t even know.”
“Ahhh, my first lesson about you,” Tatiana nodded. “You don’t lie well.” She took a sip of melted ice water. “You’ve read my file and I suspect you’ve read the dossier your people have on me, but you’re right. You don’t know me…yet.”
Bryce laughed. “OK, but...” He took another sip. “What makes you think I’m even interested?”
“Why do you try to avoid this?” She giggled, shaking her head. “If what I saw today and what I’m seeing right now is any indication, you’re barely keeping it together you want me so bad. And I certainly want you…bad.” She tossed her head. “Maybe I’m wrong about you Americans though. If you’re not interested, then don’t play by the rules, OK?”
“You followed me here. I didn’t follow you.” Bryce replied, enjoying the banter.
“Yes, I did,” She replied softly, then smiled. “And I’m really hoping I don’t regret my decision but someone needs to make the first move, don’t they?”
“What if it doesn’t work?” He asked, then immediately regretted the question.
She giggled again and he found he liked the sound of it.
For a woman like her, it was both refreshing and sexy.
“Really?” She grinned as she asked, staring at him with that you-gotta-be-kidding look. “You actually worry about that every time you take a woman into your bed?”
“No, I…”
“Then don’t worry about it now,” She replied deadpan, taking another sip of ice water melt. “You haven’t even gotten to, as you Americans say, first base and you talk about the home run?”
“Maybe I have some rules too.”
“Really,” She repeated with what seemed to be her favorite word, then acted as if she were serious. “And just what are your rules, cowboy?”
Bryce took a deep breath.
You’re getting yourself in deep trouble, ole’ boy, He thought. This woman is way out of your league.
“You and I agree on the first point – the job is the job,” He said simply. “We don’t fuck around on the job one bit.” She smiled and he continued. “As for the rest, I can live with it, but I prefer a lady.”
“Am I not a lady?” She feigned insult, putting her hand demurely to her chest, fingers spread as she pouted, then smiled. “I guess I should be insulted, but at least you’re blunt.” She moved a fingernail in a circle on the bar. “I appreciate that. It’s refreshing,” She stopped and looked into his eyes. “You want a lady? Romance me and work hard to earn me and I’ll give you more lady than I guarantee you can handle, cowboy.” She turned to leave, then spoke over her shoulder as she walked away. “Just make sure you can handle it. But remember…with the good comes the bad.”
He watched her leave and couldn’t help but wonder just how cute her ass really was without clothes on.
Certainly her legs, perched on the spike heels she wore, were absolutely stunning.
Bryce found himself wondering how on Earth the woman even found spike heels like those and how much they had cost her.
And he suddenly realized just how dangerous she really was.
“Need a refill?”
Bryce turned to find the cute young thing standing patiently, waiting.
He looked at his empty glass, then nodded and she filled it, then stared at him.
“You know she’s not your type.”
Bryce looked at her. “Not my type?”
“Nope,” She set the bottle down, her confidence in full bloom as she slowly and deliberately undid the top button on her blouse. “She’s a one-trick pony. Couldn’t ride a horse if her life depended on it.” She purred, then added, “You need someone who can ride you all day and just plain wear you out.”
“Someone to wear me out?”
“That’s right, cowboy,” She purred, her finger tracing the upper edges of her mounded flesh. “You need someone who can handle anything you got and give you back twice as much then be ready for more.”
“And you think…”
“I don’t think,” She interrupted him, her voice as smooth as the whiskey he drank as she smiled with lips that would make any man beg for a kiss. “I guarantee I’m the one you need, baby.”
Bryce smiled. “Honey, I’m already worn out between the two of you,” He slammed back the glass, draining the amber liquid in one swallow, then set it down. “And I need shuteye.”
“You sure?”
“Yep, hon,” He nodded. “I’m sure.”
“That’s ok, sugar,” She purred. “After you get done with Miss One-Trick, you come back and see me. I’m always here and I’ll take care of everything she can’t handle.”
With that, Bryce smiled as he set a pair of bills on the bar – more than enough to cover his drinks and a healthy tip for her – then left, his mind wondering just what had happened tonight.
And it wasn’t even the end of the first day of training.

*****
*****

CHAPTER SIX

“In any situation, the best thing you can do is the right thing; the next best thing you can do is the wrong thing; the worst thing you can do is nothing.”

Theodore Roosevelt

*****

21 JULY 2051; 1430 HOURS 
SHIMMERMAN TRAINING CENTER, HOUSTON, TEXAS, U.S.A.

The small high-speed autonomous drone crept closer to the designated spot in its internal map, comparing its location through the AGPS system to the map.
Optical sensors compared features to the three-dimensional imagery stored in its memory, aligning itself for the attack.
The little drone, disguised to look like a child’s camouflaged remote-controlled toy truck and carrying five pounds of shaped THC-16, worked its way toward the target, moving from cover to cover.
It had to get within ten feet of the target AGPS point before it would initiate the self-destruct sequence.
The force of the explosion would be enough to destroy anything within forty to fifty feet.
Once it carried out its mission, a host of larger drones capable of four-wheel drive over most debris would be released to pour through the breach and attack specific AGPS locations, each programmed to race as fast as they could along pre-determined routes to destroy those targets.
Even now, the larger drones were being deployed from the old re-conditioned panel trucks inside the abandoned warehouse building, each carrying almost fifty pounds of THC-16.
Each was quickly checked, then put in place to wait for the signal to burst from their cover and race for their individual objectives.
If for any reason a drone was stopped, handled, picked up or couldn’t move forward, it was programed to explode in place.
Each of the larger drones also carried a pair of small airborne drones armed with a one-pound charges of THC-16, more than enough to destroy most soft targets and certainly enough to create havoc and chaos.
Once they penetrated the perimeter, the airborne drones would launch and attack their own pre-designated targets in an effort to tie up defenders, destroy critical facilities and create additional chaos and terror.
Following the drones through the breach would be four-man attack teams mounted on high-speed, all-terrain vehicles, armed with as much ammunition as the vehicles could carry and ready to take advantage of the confusion and destruction rendered by the drones to kill everything they could.
Each team had primary and secondary objectives and were prepared to overcome any defense.
The little drone, one of ten, continued to creep closer.
Finally, the coordinates on its internal map coincided with the AGPS readings it was receiving and it halted.
This was the hold point where its programming directed it to wait, conveniently tucked behind the trash bin.
Once the controller released all of the units with the single code, the drone would immediately arm itself, then race at high speed across the roadway to the target designated for all ten – one of four entry gates to Shimmerman Training Center.
With a bit of luck, all ten of the units would hit their targets in the precise order dictated in the programming and blow holes in the gate and adjacent walls before any of the base personnel could react.
Only five were needed to complete the mission.

*****

Bryce sat in the molded chair on the deck of Neutral Buoyancy Lab Number One, staring at his surroundings.
NBL-1 was cavernous by any measure, the pool twice as long and over twice as wide as a football field and fifty feet deep in some parts.
In that pool were four full mockups of the Explorer craft, as well as a full-scale model of the external section of the Intrepid housing the sensor arrays.
The concrete deck surrounding it, painted a sky blue and covered with a gritty anti-slip coating, was itself over sixty feet wide.
Along the deck were compressors, running constantly to supply air to refill tanks, equipment storage racks, dive team stations and crew locker rooms stacked four stories tall to hold and maintain the numerous individualized suits each trainee wore as they trained.
In between everything were sets of chairs for trainees to rest in while they dressed or waited
The locker rooms, six to each level, were comfortable yet a bit Spartan – each outfitted with restrooms, a pair of showers and twenty oversized lockers, one for each crewmember. While privacy was afforded by curtains mounted on ceiling rails, separate locker rooms for male and female crewmembers were deemed a luxury that most wouldn’t have on Mars.
The training to live on Mars had begun on day one – privacy was deemed a luxury, not a necessity.
For those unaccustomed to the lack of privacy, there was always the door back to wherever they came from.
The locker room complexes themselves took up as little space as possible from the deck surrounding the pool, one side facing the pool area while the rest of the four-story structure sat outside the walls of NBL-1.
Open grid-style cargo elevators could take up to twenty crewmembers to the second, third, and fourth levels, the four-story locker room complexes spread throughout the entire pool area.
Bryce adjusted the strap on his suit.
Not as bulky as the old spacesuits from the late twentieth and early twenty-first century, the newer suits allowed much more freedom of movement.
They resembled a ribbed coverall made of multiple layers of varying materials with substantial pressure cuffs at the wrists, ankles, waist and neck.
Micro-electronics and sensors lined the suits, offering thousands of data points on the health and welfare of the equipment as well as the astronaut.
The helmet and backpack were lighter, but much more functional and protective against the harshness of the environment they would live in.
Bryce especially liked the new gloves they had started working with. Not as thick as the early versions which made the fingers look like big sausages, these were closer in appearance to thick mechanics’ gloves.
Even the old bulky boots had been replaced with a much more functional almost tennis-shoe looking boot.
The sole was interchangeable from a more rubberized sole that could grip, even in the deep cold of space, to a harder sole specifically designed for the Martian surface to give them greater traction in the loose and shifting sands yet provide plenty of grip on rocky terrain as well.
In the pool, they wore the rubberized sole to give them better grip under water just as they would if required to go on a spacewalk.
In the Martian Surface Simulator, they changed over to the surface sole. 
Standing as he pulled on the lower portion of his royal blue suit, Bryce reflected on how far they’d come already.
Just over twenty days into it with no days off.
The training was both rigorous and tougher than he had expected and he had suffered through many mornings of sore, tight muscles as his body became accustomed to the tougher regime.
Pulling the harness over his shoulder and sliding his arms through it, he snapped the quick-release buckles shut, shifting his shoulders to settle the thickly padded straps in place.
He was still sore from running the obstacle course the afternoon before, but it wasn’t near as bad as it had been at the start.
Unlike typical military obstacle courses, these individually designed courses were much more rigorous and challenging – designed to offer problems like those they might encounter in space or on Mars, depending on what the crew’s mission was.
Glancing at one of the dozens of electronic clocks spread throughout the NBL, Bryce realized he had a bit more time before he would have to start the inspection process prior to descending into the pool and sat down, watching a diver equipped with a camera slide into the water.
Though he’d been to NBL-1 more times than he cared to remember in just five days, he was still amazed how crystal clear the water was.
During training, the only lighting allowed in the pool came from the lights on each trainee’s helmet, the lights they carried with them or from the imbedded lights on the suits.
The black walls of the pool helped, but it was the ability to make the pool virtually dark where they worked through an innovative lighting system that kept the surface area well lit but did not penetrate into the depths of the pool.
If he ignored where he was as he sat there, Bryce could swear he was watching men and women below him floating in space.
Unlike the old days when thick oxygen and support tubes connected into the backpacks and the constant flood of bubbles to the top gave away the water surrounding them, the training systems they used in the pool contained everything in a re-breather system, exactly as it would work in space.
They had the same amount of air in the pool as they would in an actual space walk and had to pay attention to their supply as they worked.
Unfortunately, in the early days of training, many of the trainees became so engrossed in their tasks, they lost track of their air.
Fortunately, there were the safety divers, each with an emergency bottle they could quickly hook into a trainee’s suit through a special valve to allow the errant astronaut to make it back to the surface.
Where a stiff ass-chewing and remedial lessons awaited them.
It was the design of the pool to so closely resemble space that many felt would ultimately save lives when emergencies occurred.
In fact, the darkness of the training environment in the pool allowed the program to make substantial changes to the space suits, including new gloves that allowed them much more flexibility.
The helmet lighting and some of the suit lighting had been enhanced with better illumination and a way to focus the beams when necessary.
Even the heads-up displays in the helmets had been modified to allow greater visibility despite the flow of data as a result of lessons learned in this pool. 
An empty cage surfaced from the pool, dangling for a moment as the water cascaded off it before being lifted into the air, then set on the deck in its proper spot, outlined in bright fluorescent orange markings on the floor.
The units that lifted the cages in and out of the water surrounded the deck, mounted and perched up against the outside wall of the facility about twenty feet in the air and connected to each other by a wide catwalk.
Both the units and the connecting catwalk were painted a bright fluorescent yellow, standing out from the dark blue paint on the cinder block walls of the facility rising some sixty feet or more into the air.
Inside each control cab sat an operator in a comfortably padded reclined seat, feet insert into covers over each pedal on the floor while hands rested on a pair of joy-stick controls, one on each side.
Rarely looking at anything outside the cabs, their eyes remained glued to the high-resolution vid-displays showing the multitude of looks from cameras on the booms and the walls, as well as above and below the surface of the pool as their hands danced on the joysticks or flew across the touch panels nearby while feet moved back and forth, controlling everything on the unit to enable them to move the multitude of trainees in and out of the pool with relative quickness.
The forty-foot articulated booms themselves looked like the arm of a praying mantis extending from the bottom of each cab, arching up at a steep angle, then extending out to a blunt end from which the thick cable lifted or lowered the permanently attached cage.
Thirty units surrounded the pool on three sides, spaced at roughly thirty foot intervals.
The constant movement of all of them during a full training session looked like come sort of macabre silent ballet of unearthly robotic insects, dancing and weaving among the multitude of humans covering the floor around them.
Like the compressors, all of the equipment on the deck was designed to run almost absolutely silent.
In fact, Bryce realized the first day he was in the NBL, you could, if you listened, hear conversations from the other side of the pool.
He sat for a moment, contemplating all the activity around him, then gazed skyward.
Above him, spanning the expanse of the pool and the surrounding deck using thick steel arches, the roof itself was made of glass panels, each equipped with a set of imbedded automated shades that could render the ceiling absolutely black or allow the bright Texas sun to flood the facility.
Today, the shades were closed, making the ceiling above him look as black as space.
He wondered if that, too, had been the goal when they designed the facility.
It seemed to fit the overall design, he thought, chuckling to himself, and certainly meshed nicely with the slowly revolving three-dimensional model of the Earth centered on the east wall.
Not to be outdone, the wall opposite contained an equally large three-dimensional model of Mars, also slowly revolving, even though Mars was actually much smaller than its sister in real life.
Surrounding the two worlds on both walls hung the flags from each country, along with the emblems and logos of every national and international organization supporting the mission – the colorful display of literally dozens of flags and emblems an honor to the amount of support and effort humanity was putting into this.
The wall behind and above him was covered in more emblems and logos, the overall Mission patch prominent.
Bryce imagined the design and layout of the logos, the overall paint schemes and even the revolving worlds were concocted for the visitors to the complex as much as they were to inspire the crews.
Maybe more for the visitors, thought Bryce.
Yet he still considered it a humbling experience to gaze at the number of countries both large and small, as well as the variety of organizations, companies and other bodies invested in the Vision and know he was one of the few selected who would ultimately make history and potentially change the course of mankind into the future.
Relaxing for a moment, Bryce suddenly noticed the ever-present chlorine smell filling the vast space surrounding him.
Had he become so accustomed to it in just five days, he didn’t notice it anymore, He wondered.
Like any pool, it over-powered everything – a thick, pervasive smell.
He wondered if the support staff both on the deck and in the Control Center ever really got used to it, then realized they probably didn’t notice it anymore, just as he didn’t.
The support staff.
Bryce stared at the Control Center, occupying the entire upper wall of the south side of the pool.
Dark glass prevented anyone in the pool area from actually seeing inside the rooms where dozens, maybe hundreds, of men and women constantly monitored all the activity using some of the most state-of-the-art computer systems designed and created by man.
The center ensured all of the mostly automated training and simulations went according to plan and kept the throngs of visitors in the adjoining Visitor Gallery under control.
The systems within it received millions of data points every second, sending out probably just as many in the same amount of time to control every aspect of the building, the environment within the building and every training event occurring in the pool and adjoining classrooms.
Bryce laughed, imagining some small program within a program in the system even controlled the chlorine smell.
Like the Control Center, the Visitor Gallery’s glass viewing panels were black from the pool side but as clear as if they were non-existent on the viewing side.
Bryce, as well as the others, had spent a couple hours one afternoon in the center, marveling at the three-dimensional displays of equipment and models of the ships spread throughout the room, the interactive screens educating visitors about the history of mankind in space, the mission itself and about Mars.
Kiosks along the walls and in the open areas offered cold beverages and warm food for sale along with souvenirs of every type and kind.
They were especially impressed with the observer’s lounge.
Tiered seating in the observation lounge allowed dozens of people to sit comfortably in padded chairs, watching the above surface activity live through the windows and the under-surface training on large, ultra-high definition screens spread throughout.
Live feeds of the conversations between trainers and trainees were broadcast over the hidden speaker systems in the gallery, all managed and monitored by a separate multi-media center manned by specialists whose only goal was to make sure every visitor walked away with a positive impression of what they had just witnessed.
For those who didn’t speak English, every language known to man was offered in translation through special wireless headset units and auto-translators.
Simply select the language you wished to listen to conversations in and the remote controllers did the rest.
There were glitches, especially in the auto-translators, to be sure, but no expense had been spared to make sure the spectator walked away impressed and happy.
It was the one part of the facility Bryce didn’t like.
Every mistake the crews committed, every goof-ball stunt and joke they did in jest, and every move they made was televised live to these people.
And none of them ever knew when the chatter between them and the trainers was being played for the throngs of people in the gallery.
He felt like a goldfish in a big round glass ball in the middle of a circle of cats – always on display and always under scrutiny.
Unfortunately, like the training in the NBL, the center ran almost twenty-four hours every day to accommodate the throngs of visitors who came to see men and women train to do what had never been done before.
And Bryce knew from experience, there were very few hours in any day where the gallery wasn’t full of people – all of them watching and listening and every one of them wanting to know even more than they were being shown.
He shook his head, trying to erase the image from his mind.
If he didn’t, he knew he wouldn’t be able to concentrate when the time came to train.
Shifting his gaze back to the cement deck surrounding the pool, he watched as a trainer waved his arms at a pair of trainees standing in their cage, hovering just over the water a short distance from him.
The sergeant then motioned the crane operator to put the cage back on the deck.
Bryce looked closer at the two and breathed a small sigh of relief.
Neither of them belonged to him.
He and the crew of Explorer One were in the NBL training with three other Explorer crews.
Most of his crew were in the pool or getting ready to get into the water, although about half a dozen trainees other than himself still sat on the deck in various states of dress or undress.
Bryce was changing into another suit only because it was discovered his sprung a small leak in the seam around the ankle during his initial descent into the pool.
The air pressure in his suit had kept the incoming water to a minimum, but Bryce had to change into a dry pair of socks and booties as well as a clean blue suit in the third story locker room where he and the Explorer One crew were housed.
The suit with the leak was whisked away as soon as he was out of it to a test lab.
There would be a multitude of tests run to determine just why the suit had developed a leak.
Reports would be written and conferences held to assure everyone in the program such a leak could never happen on Mars.
Bryce knew differently.
Shit happened.
And because his suit had leaked, the part of the training where he played a role had been delayed until he could be put back into the pool.
Until then, his crew worked on other parts of the training where he wasn’t essential.
That had been probably the hardest part of the program – to realize on a mission of this importance, he was not always essential and would not always be relied on for things, even within his own crew.
It had been a blow to his ego and something he had to become accustomed to.
While he felt like he was good with the idea, Bryce found the reality sometimes still hard to deal with.
Mechanically, he again adjusted the straps and quick release clips on the harness around his shoulders and chest supporting the bottom part once more, watching as each of the others sitting around him continued to pull on the various undergarments and other clothing and equipment required for the training.
Picking up the balaclava containing the comm-link and sensor gear, he pulled it over his head and was tugging it into place when the sergeant’s continued bellowing caught his attention.
Stopping, he now watched as the two hapless trainees finally settled back on the deck in the cage, the sergeant already in their face.
“Which of you two was going to drown first?” The man screamed at the top of his lungs, clearly audible throughout the pool area with his finger pointed directly at the Visitor Center. “Which of you two intended to ruin my perfect safety record and embarrass me in front of who knows how many people staring at us right now?”
Bryce could only imagine the poor staff trying to tell the gallery of visitors this was not a normal occurrence while at the same time trying to get someone to reign in the man.
He broke into a big grin.
Neither answered and it simply angered the sergeant even more.
He stomped around, red in the face and angrier than ever. “I asked a question…”
“I don’t understand, sergeant,” The young female stammered. “What do you mean ‘drown’?”
“Drown,” He roared. “You know, suck in water and die, you damn moron?”
By now, everyone on the deck within earshot had stopped what they were doing and were watching the drama unfold.
“We weren’t going to drown,” The second trainee – a young man – replied, defending himself loudly. “We were checked out.”
“By who?” The sergeant stood before the young man, then looked around. “Who in hell checked you out?”
“The safety guys,” The young man countered, looking at the three technicians standing off to the side – the last check safety team.
The sergeant turned his anger onto the three-man team. “Did you do a final?”
One of them shook his head 
“And why not?” He asked.
“We just finished with the other two cages,” The man answered. “We were on our way over when this team was being put in.”
“So who gave the thumbs up?” The sergeant now turned back to the two trainees.
The young man raised his hand. “We wanted to get started, so we checked each other.”
“Oh really,” The sergeant smiled a fake smile. “You wanted to get started so you decided to do the final check and give the thumbs up? So now you lied to me?” He looked around the cage. “And where the hell is the green card?”
Bryce shook his head.
These two were in deep shit.
And the lift operator wasn’t far behind.
The training staff had stressed over and over before that first descent into the pool that no pair were to allow the cage to be lifted unless and until a waterproof large green card was clipped to the side of the cage facing the lift operator, indicating that all checks and final checks had been completed.
Until that moment, a red card would remain clipped to the side of the cage facing away from the operator.
Only a final check team could clip the green card to the cage and remove the red card.
Even from this distance, Bryce could see the red card dangling on the cage’s card bar.
“It’s not there.” The woman answered softly.
“I didn’t f’ing hear you.” The Sergeant screamed, his anger almost uncontrollable as two people exited the door under the Visitor’s Gallery, both running toward them around the edge of the pool.
Bryce figured this would be over long before they could cover the distance.
“I said, it’s not there.” She answered louder.
“Do you allow any lift-off if there’s a red card on that damn cage?”
“No.” Both answered simultaneously.
“Do you both know the difference between a green card and a damn red card?”
“Yes.” Both answered.
“Then what is that?” He pointed to the red card dangling on the cage.
Both heads lowered.
The sergeant turned to the final check team. “And I want to know why I still have a color-blind operator in that crane!”
Bryce shook his head.
That was three people in deep shit.
“And who verified the O2 settings on your packs?” The sergeant pointed at the red card then at the disconnected hoses. “Since neither of you seem to have your monitors active, who verified the systems?”
The young woman looked at the dark monitor on her wrist unit, then back down at the floor. “Shit.”
“You damn right shit,” He screamed as the young man looked at his own wrist unit, then also looked down. “You both have no damn clue how to do a final check and both of you would have been in a world of shit when you went under and found out you had no oxygen because the external vents are open on top of your packs.”
It was one of the unique parts of the training systems they used that wasn’t part of the operational systems.
In addition to having a safety valve into which a support diver could plug in an emergency bottle of air, all training packs had an external vent that was usually popped open to allow the trainee to bypass the internal oxygen regeneration system and breathe outside air before a session started or once one was complete.
It made it easier for the deck crews and the trainees alike, especially when there were a number of folks on deck waiting to be assisted in removing their suits.
Bryce saw the vents on top of the two backpacks were, in fact, up and locked open.
The sergeant waved at the deck crew.
“Get them out of my lab,” He yelled, then turned toward Bryce and the others sitting around him. “Any of you ready, yet?”
“What about our training?” The young man protested, even as the deck crew started to clear him from the cage and the two staff members rounded the last corner, waving their arms in futile desperation.
“You lied and you failed.” Yelled the sergeant. “And you died because you failed. You’re done for the day.”
“You can’t do that,” The young woman protested.
“I can and I did,” The sergeant responded, walking towards Bryce’s crew and deliberately ignoring the out-of-breath staff members. “You’re both done. Go home and see if you don’t screw it up tomorrow. Now get the F out of my lab before I get angry and have both of you cut.”

*****

“Hey Jim,” Airman First Class Stanley Ronson called out to his friend, Sergeant James Pawhorn. “What the hell is that over there?”
Sergeant Pawhorn finished checking the credentials of the officer in the vehicle, then rendered a crisp salute and waved him through.
Even though he stood under a large metal cover spanning all four lanes and the guard station situated between them, the Sergeant still sweated profusely in the hot, humid heat.
The body armor they wore was some of the best, but it was still body armor and it covered the body.
He sucked on the tube to his waterpak, thankful the cooling system kept the water cold.
Checking the battery level on the small systems monitor on his wrist, he was relieved to see the cooling unit had over six hours of power left in it – more than enough to make it through the shift.
But he was almost halfway through the available water.
The Sergeant made a mental note to lay off the water for a while and let the system fill the reservoir from the surrounding air before he took another drink.
If he could make it that long.
He adjusted the unit to create more water, knowing it would decrease his battery life.
Sweat beading on his forehead under the combat helmet, he turned in the direction where his friend pointed while waving the next car forward. “What are you looking at?”
“The little car over there,” Stanley pointed. “By the trash bin.”
Jim moved around the vehicle and stared in the direction his friend was pointing, finally seeing the little car, stuck behind the big trash bin.
“Probably someone’s broken toy,” He commented, moving back around the vehicle and taking the credentials and Identification Card from the driver.
He compared the image to the woman in the driver’s seat of the new BMW.
She was cute.
And married, judging by the diamond ring on the finger of the left hand she conspicuously placed on the steering wheel.
And an officer.
He nodded, then handed her documents back to her and rendered a salute.
She smiled a sweet smile as she returned his salute, then drove slowly onto the base.
“Then why is there another one like it over there?”
“What are you talking about?” Jim replied, beginning to become irritated as he waved the next vehicle forward.
“There,” Stanley pointed. “Over by that bush. It’s sitting just under it in the shadows.”
Sergeant Pawhorn held his hand up to stop the Ford and stared at the bushes his friend pointed to.
Sure enough, another small remote-controlled vehicle sat there, deep in the shadows but visible by its outline.
“No shit,” The Sergeant remarked. “I see it.” He scanned the area. “Anymore?”
“Yeah, I got two more,” The Airman responded. “One over by some bushes and another by that gas station.” He kept looking “What do you think they are?”
The Sergeant shook his head. “We got trouble.” He was already moving toward the Guard station, keying his mic. “Control, Station One. I got indications of an impending attack.”
Before the Command Post could answer, Sergeant Pawhorn was screaming at the Airman, “Get into the station and get the barriers up!”
“Post One, what’s your status?”
Stanley was racing to the building, dodging between cars and yelling for them to back up and get out of there.
Most drivers simply watched the drama unfolding, unaware of the immediate danger they were in and becoming angry they couldn’t get through the gate to get to their jobs.
“Control, we got multiple drones potentially targeted this location,” Pawhorn reported in his mic, waving people back and trying to get people and their vehicles out of the area.
“Station One, are you sure?”
“Yeah, I’m sure,” Pawhorn practically screamed into the mic. “They’re sitting at multiple locations, all facing us.”
“Are they moving?”
Pawhorn took a quick look. “Not yet.”
The Airman ducked into the building, pulling down the protective cover over the barrier activation button and punching the big red button as hard as he could.
Klaxons began to sound as the concrete and steel barriers began to rise from the roadway, a combination of blade barriers designed to deflect blasts upward and post barriers strong enough to stop a speeding cargo truck.
The armored walls of the station itself were reasonably blast resistant, could stop heavy machine gun and small arms fire and were rated as resistant against the latest pulse weapons.
Some people in their vehicles began backing up, trying to turn around, while others honked their horns or screamed at the two guards to stop the exercise and let them on the base.
Still others simply sat, staring incredulously at the barriers and wondering what the hell was going on.
For many, the last moments of their lives were unfolding.

*****

“All vehicles deployed,” Reported the controller in the older model van next to the other trucks.
“Stand-by,” Came the response. “They’ve spotted the drones.”
“Abort?”
“Negative,” came the curt response. “We will not abort. Teams stand by, all safeties off.”
The controller did as he was directed, then reported his actions.
“Stand-by,” Came the response.
The controller’s fingers flew through several screens, inputting the correct codes and enlarging the activation screen, the big red ‘Activate’ box centered on the screen, his finger poised above it.
Several minutes passed.
“Now,” Came the command over the headset to the controller in the vehicle next to the trucks.
The controller stabbed the box with his finger and it immediately turned green.
Sliding the box off the screen, he expanded the status screen, then sat back, watching the miniature video feeds from each of the drones and team vehicles as they began the attack.
And smiled.

*****

Sergeant Pawhorn turned toward the traffic from behind the barrier and next to the station, yelling at people to get moving or to back up.
To the irate Colonel who would have been the next in line to have his credentials checked to get onto the base and who was now screaming at him to let him through, the Sergeant simply pointed back toward the main highway, then suddenly stopped.
He stared a moment longer, unwilling to believe what he was seeing, then yelled “Oh shit, they’re coming. Run! For God’s sake run! Forget your damn vehicle and get the hell outta there!” The Sergeant immediately waved the Colonel, now standing outside his vehicle, forward onto the base through the barriers.
The Colonel stared at him and the Sergeant pointed at one of drones, moving across the roadway and straight toward them, then ducked into the station and took cover as he keyed his mic.
“Control, Post One under attack!”
“ART enroute.”
Sergeant Pawhorn’s eyes locked with the Airman’s. “I hope to hell we’re still here when they get here.”
The last thing he saw as he hunkered down below the edge of the protective interior wall of the station before the first drone exploded was someone running as fast as they could past the open door of the station, heading onto the base and trying to escape harm’s way.
The first drone to arrive at the entry gate moved quickly toward the coordinates in its programming but found itself under a vehicle with a barrier in its way. Its interior sensors quickly assessed there were no options to get to the location it was programmed to go to, so it immediately detonated.
The Colonel’s vehicle, sitting above the drone, was vaulted into the air, the older lithium batteries housed along its chassis exploding in spectacular fashion as it bounced against then somersaulted over the barrier and landed on its roof in the roadway next to the guard station, flames shooting from its undercarriage into the air.
Black smoke immediately filled the air in the station, the smell harsh and suffocating.
The Sergeant and Airman, unable to remain in the building due to the smoke, odor, heat and the fire now burning the exterior of the shelter, crouched as they exited out the opposite side door, staying low and behind the barriers as much as possible.
Two more explosions rocked the area, killing several people who stepped out of their vehicles either to see what was happening or trying to escape.
One of the explosions was next to the decorative rough cement-facade wall forming part of the perimeter wall of the base around the entry gate.
The thin cement covering was blown off the cinder block wall, spraying deadly shrapnel in every direction.
The cinderblock wall, unable to withstand the force of the explosion, crumbled backwards in a heap.
Airman Ronson stood up just a bit to see what had happened as the Sergeant screamed at him to stay low.
The sniper took only a second to swing the rifle over and center the cross-hairs on the Airman’s helmet then snap off a quick shot.
Stanley Ronson, twenty-three years old and a two-year veteran of the United States Air Force, crumpled lifeless to the ground, his sightless eyes below the hole in his forehead staring at Sergeant Pawhorn, almost as if in disbelief.
“Control, I have one down. We have snipers in the area.”
“Roger, One.”
Another explosion rocked the area, followed by two more.
The barrier on the opposite side of the burning guard station took the brunt of both explosions and the reinforced cement making up the body of it flew apart while the steel front buckled under the force.
More explosions shook the entry gate complex as both drones and vehicles exploded or caught fire, one of them opposite the Sergeant.
The barrier separating him from the exploding drone saved his life, but did not spare his eardrums.
Picking himself up, he barely remembered to stay low as fire, smoke and debris rained down around him.
He marveled at the sights surrounding him, more amazed he was alive and seemingly unscathed than he was by the destruction engulfing his position as a series of explosions now pummeled the pseudo-wall, some initiated by drones while others were the result of old-fashioned, homemade rocket-propelled grenades fired by the attack teams approaching the area.
The Sergeant could only watch in disbelief as larger drones sped through the debris, followed by four-person teams in tactical gear, each team firing indiscriminately into anyone unfortunate enough to still be in the area.
His own weapon had been damaged in one of the blasts, the receiver dented inward from a direct hit by a piece of debris.
He reached for his sidearm just as one of the attackers swung his weapon over, firing a burst of shots in the Sergeant’s direction.
Sergeant Pawhorn went down in a heap, the bullet piercing the space between his body armor and his helmet. The steel slug sliced through his flesh and exited out, missing vital veins and arteries by mere fractions.
Sergeant Pawhorn would live to tell the story of this attack on his post on a clear but hot and humid Texas day.
Except for those who left before the attack started, he would be the only survivor of the attack at Post One.

*****

“We have a breach,” The young security cop screamed as the klaxons began to wail and red flashing lights filled the room.
Looking at no one in particular, he began yelling. “Everyone out of the pool…NOW!”
Bryce waved the two technicians who were coming toward him to the pool edge to help others, then motioned to the crane operator in the station halfway up the wall along the side of the tank.
The operator nodded as the empty cage controlled by him started to simultaneously lift into the air and swing over the pool.
It stopped briefly, then sunk beneath the waters.
Beneath the surface, flashing red lights caught everyone’s attention and the comm channels were immediately flush with questions.
The overriding comms and constant feedback hurt his ears and Bryce quickly pulled the balaclava off, dropping it into his helmet lying next to him.
Unsnapping the quick-releases on the harness, he stepped out of the lower half of his suit onto the deck, trying to figure out how best to get his own crew to safety as he pushed the pile of gear off to the side with his foot, more to get it out of the way than out of any sense of stowing it.
“Attention everyone,” the Senior Controller announced over the loudspeaker as more armed soldiers poured into the facility, effectively overriding and muting all other attempts to talk. “We’ve been advised of an attack on an entry gate and a possible breach. Evacuate the pool. I say again, evacuate the pool,” She paused. “Controllers and divers assist teams remaining in the pool back to the cages; operators stand by – as soon as your cage is full, pull it up and get them on the deck.” Another pause. “Once personnel are evacuated from the pool, please proceed immediately to the exit on the east end and follow the directions of security personnel. Do not pause to remove gear or conduct pool egress operations.”
Bryce was aware there was always a sizable security detachment stationed at this facility due to the potential danger to the visitors and trainees alike, but he couldn’t remember ever seeing them.
Until now.
Bursting through the doors, additional security moved quickly to take positions in the facility, each of them spaced along the exterior walls about every twenty feet or so, next to cover and looking around anxiously with weapons at the ready as the deck crews struggled to get the trainees and support diving teams already on the deck out of their gear as fast as possible to make room for the others now starting to come up from the depths of the pool.
Bryce assumed the visitors in the gallery and staff were also being evacuated as well into the lower levels, but couldn’t see anything.
Beneath the surface, equipment was left where it was being used as each cage was filled. 
Wrenches, frames, safety equipment and a variety of other gear littered the bottom as training scenarios were cut short and divers assisted the astronaut trainees to the waiting cages. 
The underwater training areas began to clear and the divers themselves started appearing on the surface, making their own way to the sides of the water to get additional instructions or evacuate.
While everyone was moving with a sense of urgency, Bryce was amazed there seemed to be no sense of panic.
Everyone knew the NBL had to be evacuated and each knew their part.
The security personnel stationed around the inside seemed to instill a sense that everything would be alright simply by their presence.
Most of Bryce’s crew were either on the deck or coming out of the pool.
The few on deck were quickly shedding their gear, scooting it, like Bryce, out of the way before they, too, headed toward the end of the pool and safety.
Bryce nodded to two of his crew – Petty Officer Abriel Tynes from the Bermudan Coast Guard, his Health and Wellness Officer and Chief Petty Officer Yong Jun Ho, the talented Mars Rover Operator from the Korean Air Force.
Both nodded back as they headed towards the east end.
On the opposite side, Bryce could make out his ship’s doctor, Hans Erlichmann by the man’s size and his loud voice as he assisted the ship’s nurse, Major Britt Sorenson, out of her suit.
A moment later, both were also headed toward the east end and safety.
So many people, Bryce thought, as more cages rose from the water’s surface, bearing more trainees.
He wondered just how long it would really take to get everyone out of the facility.
He wondered if they had the time.

*****

Watching the big automated attack drones worked their way through the debris, the artificially intelligent neuro-processors gathering thousands of bits of data from radar and visual systems and, within micro-seconds, determining the easiest pathway through the wreckage to enable them to complete their mission, he grinned.
The little airborne attack drones were launching, a small flock of electronic birds rising quickly in the air and heading off on their predetermined pathways to oblivion.
His driver steered past the wreckage of a vehicle, the driver slumped over the steering controls, blood coating the side of his head.
Bullet and shrapnel holes riddled the vehicle as grey smoke continued to tendril from under the chassis.
“Get moving,” He warned the driver, “The batteries are about to go.”
The driver needed no more encouragement, well aware of the danger next to them as he gunned the vehicle over a small pile of crushed concrete and broken vehicle parts, the solid wheels of his all-terrain vehicle slipping briefly as it clawed its way over the detritus and broken bodies surrounding them.
Suddenly, the wheels gained traction and the four occupants were violently pushed against their seats as the ATV surged forward past the next vehicle laying on its roof and still burning fiercely next to the guard station, also engulfed in flame.
The driver slammed on the brakes, more to gain control of the vehicle than for any other reason and the four men were immediately thrown forward, stopped abruptly by the safety harnesses holding each in place.
They paused only a moment as the second and third vehicles followed them over the wreckage and joined the first.
It was just enough time for him to spot the two gate security personnel lying next to the barriers on the opposite side of the burning shed.
Both were dead – the one slumped over on the ground while the other lay on their back.
He brought his weapon up, intending to put a round in each just in case, but the driver started moving just as he sighted in the one laying on his back.
The jerking motion forward caused him to miss the target, his shot careening off the top of the barrier.
He cursed under his breath, angry at missing the shot.
It didn’t matter.
There would be more than enough targets for him to shoot soon enough.
As they penetrated the base itself, one of the men in the backseat immediately unbuckled himself, then stood through the ring of steel above him and gripped the handles of the old fifty-caliber machine gun.
Yanking the charging handle back, he began to fire just as the gunners in the vehicles behind them also started firing their own weapons.
The three large-bore machine guns were deadly, firing half-inch, armor piercing rounds at more than four hundred rounds per minute.
The gunners were neither particular about which targets they chose nor concerned with civilian injuries. They simply picked out targets as the vehicles raced forward, spraying each with indiscriminate bursts of fire and not really paying much attention to the damage and death they caused.
Their job was to create panic and mayhem and all three smiled as they completed their mission.
“Five minutes.” The driver commented through the intercom.
He nodded, smiling as he took aim and dropped a civilian staring at them as they raced by. 
Another dove for cover as he fired, but he wasn’t sure whether he hit them or not.
“Two, Three. I want you both to use those LAWs we got on the exterior while we provide cover,” He ordered. “If that doesn’t work, we’ll go through the doors.”
“Copy.” Came the acknowledgement from both.
The three vehicles raced through an intersection, the heavy machine guns spraying bullets into cars and bodies as they passed.
“Target in sight.” The driver reported as the three vehicles sped through another intersection, death and destruction following.
Explosions began occurring at points distant from him, the end result of either the heavier wheeled drones or the airborne drones finding their targets.
One explosion was quickly overwhelmed by a second, much larger and much more brilliant explosion – an enormous mushroom of red, yellow and orange flame mixed with heavy black smoke rising into the air.
Smaller explosions from the same area continued to detonate, the booming sound of each echoing throughout the area as heavy black smoke reached into the sky in a thick column.
The fuel storage yard had been struck.
Explosions now boomed from the direction of the flight line and he hoped the drones had found the big cargo aircraft lined up on the tarmac.
A series of explosions suddenly ripped through the air, black columns of smoke filling the sky in that direction.
This was it, he thought. A lifetime of work and training.
No one else in the lurching vehicle could see the wide grin beneath his black balaclava as he prepared to take revenge on the country that had turned its back on him after all he gave to it.
His vehicle slid to a stop and he unbuckled his safety harness with one hand while firing the weapon at a group of soldiers with the other, watching them dance and jerk as his slugs pierced their bodies.
It was going to be a great day.

*****

 “They’ve penetrated the gate with drones and attack teams,” The Controller suddenly announced over the loudspeaker. “We don’t know the targets. I need everyone evacuated quick as possible to the shelter.”
A soldier near Bryce waved some of the personnel toward two others standing by a set of doors at the end of the facility leading into a staircase, constantly telling folks filing past him to move quickly. “Move it, people! Once you get downstairs, someone will direct you to a safe location…c’mon people, let’s move it!” 
Bryce helped Takahashi out of his suit and waved him toward the staircase, then started to move toward two more of his crew that had just settled on the deck in their cage when it happened.
He recognized one of them as Tatiana by her blue suit and the Russian flag she insisted on wearing on the front Velcro patch every session.
The exterior wall directly next to them seemed to bulge inward for a moment before it exploded in a cloud of flame, smoke, cinderblock and debris.
The ear-shattering blasts, one after the other, destroyed three crane systems and obliterated the two soldiers waving crews out of the water, throwing the remainder of those on the deck around like ragdolls into the water and along the deck.
The crane systems were all thrown forward to land on the deck in twisted heaps of metal, then pulled into the pool by inertia and the weight of the booms.
Bryce could only watch as a compressor vaulted into the air almost as if in slow motion, twisting end over end, before landing almost in the center of the pool with an enormous splash.
Two divers next to Bryce, having just arrived at the edge of the pool, immediately dove under the surface while men and women on both sides of the blast zone were either knocked off their feet, wounded or killed by flying debris or simply stunned by what happened.
Thrown backward by the blast, Bryce lay dazed on his back for a moment before rolling over and struggling as he got back on his hands and knees.
What greeted him was a scene straight from a horror movie.
Dead and dying lay everywhere, blood mingling with the debris and water on the deck while the pool’s normally crystal clear waters were murky and stained with patches of red.
One astronaut, their pressurized suit keeping them afloat at that moment, lay face down and unmoving in the water near the center.
Debris floated everywhere and streams of bubbles surfaced in several places.
Two air hoses hissed as they flailed around in the air.
Other air hoses, cables and wiring either hung or had been pulled from the overhead support rack and snaked along the deck and into the pool, some hissing from leaks in the hose while others simply disappeared into the water.
As he moved to help the wounded, the members of the security force not killed, wounded or stunned by the initial blast were quickly moving toward the blast zone, weapons up and at the ready.
Bryce had just knelt to help a diver get one of the wounded technicians out of the water when gunfire erupted all around him.
He turned to his right toward the blast zone when the soldier running behind him toward the opening suddenly pitched forward, landing with a thud on the deck and sliding forward, their weapon falling from their grasp to land under their body.
The soldier didn’t move.
Bryce yanked the wounded tech onto the deck with almost superhuman strength it seemed then waved an all-too-willing diver back under, diving for cover behind a compressor as he did. 
Bullets whined through the air over his head and several impacted the compressor on the other side along a vertical brace, doing nothing more than making noise.
Two technicians running for the doors pitched forward, one rolling into the side of the building while the other lay unmoving on their belly.
Both lay motionless as Bryce heard screams, yells, gunfire and the dull thud of grenades going off somewhere on the other side of the blast area.
Suddenly the oomph-oomph-oomph of a heavy machine gun could be heard over the din.
The attackers were using older model weapons with bullets.
Cheap and easy to come by, they were just as deadly as the phased pulse weapons used by many modern armies.
In fact, because they were so low tech but more reliable, the older bullet-based weapons were actually preferred by terrorist and other groups over the electronic rail or phased pulse weapons.
The body of the soldier lay just a bit past the compressor and Bryce peeked around the corner of the machine, watching as a lone assailant, dressed in black tactical gear and wearing a dark balaclava, lifted up a twin barrel, man-pack missile launcher, firing a pair of small, high-explosive, anti-armor missiles into the Visitor Center and Control Room.
Glass shattered and, a moment later, the facility exploded outward in a shower of flame, black smoke, and debris, raining down into the pool bodies, parts of the facility and equipment. 
Flames immediately filled the area where the missiles had impacted, generating thick black smoke into the pool area.
Return fire issued from below the Visitor Center overhang and, hit by several pulses of energy and probably at least one rail slug, the attacker flew backwards, landing on the wet deck, arms and legs splayed, the now-empty launcher clattering to the side.
In that moment, Bryce slid over to the soldier laying by him, grabbed the drag loop on the back of the vest and pulled the body back toward the safety of the compressor, noting with a sick feeling the dark, thick streak of red left behind.
The gunfire was growing in intensity as, once safely back under cover, Bryce saw immediately the man was dead.\
He could hear the machine gun constantly firing, pausing only briefly as the gunner sought targets.
More bullets whizzed over his head as he quickly unsnapped the assault gun from the soldier’s body, pulled out two extra clips and stuffed them in the outside pocket on the calf of his uniform overalls.
He considered taking the pistol, but decided against it then once again peeked around the corner of the compressor.
While about half a dozen assailants were engaged with security forces on the other side of the blast area, two were working their way toward him, crouching behind cover and facing the pool and the opposite side, looking for targets.
The machine gunner was next to the opening in the building, protected by debris with a good field of fire toward the far end, the bipod end of his weapon swinging back and forth as it continued to spit out a deadly hail of lead and steel.
At least four attackers were already dead or wounded as far as Bryce could tell.
Without thought, he stood, leveling the gun over the top of the compressor and fired off a short burst of high velocity slugs into the two attackers closest to him. 
One crumpled to the deck in a heap while the other fell forward into the pool, sinking immediately.
Without pausing, Bryce focused on another assailant behind a compressor, setting some sort of explosive charge and preparing to throw it.
As the black-suited individual rose, Bryce unleashed a short burst squarely into their back.
The person arched backwards as their lower torso was obliterated, then fell straight back, the charge or whatever it was falling to the ground with them.
Immediately the others began to scatter toward Bryce or the hole in the wall without regard that he was the one who just shot their compatriot.
Bryce took two more down, including the machine gunner, as the charge exploded, killing the remainder and flinging their bodies in all directions.
The concussion from the explosion blew a large part of the deck apart and chunks of it slid into the pool, flinging portions of the already damaged exterior wall outward and collapsing a portion of it as well.
Purely out of reaction, Bryce ducked for a moment as the explosion obliterated the area surrounding it, then stood back up, weapon at the ready.
One of the assailants tried to raise themselves up and Bryce, without thinking, fired twice, his sights set squarely on the top of the head of the individual.
A bright puff of red rewarded his efforts as the person’s head snapped back then forward again, slamming the deck violently.
The body twitched twice and didn’t move.
Soldiers immediately moved forward, cautiously and with weapons ready, working their way along the slick deck covered in water, blood, gore, bodies and debris.
Bryce kept his weapon trained on the bodies of the attackers from his position behind the compressor, watching to make sure none moved.
He couldn’t help but notice a number of technicians, the angry sergeant and at least six bodies in colored EVA training suits lying on the deck, a sick feeling suddenly overtaking him.
Where was Tatiana?
He slipped from behind the compressor, carefully watching the assailants while moving to the first red suited trainee.
Without looking down, he knew the person was already dead and moved on.
The next one was Ken White, the geologist assigned to Explorer Seven.
He had been working with Emilio Martinez on some new test equipment.
Bryce didn’t have to check to know that Ken was also dead.
“Clear,” One of the soldiers called from the protection of a pallet of equipment, his weapon pointed in Bryce’s general direction.
Bryce took one more look around, then lowered his weapon as he continued to check each of the astronauts lying on the deck.
“Clear.” He replied, the sickening feeling growing in him by the minute.
Two of the dead were from his crew.
It was obvious three of the dead astronauts had been executed at close range, but none were wearing blue and none were Tatiana.
Suddenly Bryce realized her cage wasn’t around.
Almost frantically, he moved to the side of the pool where she had been lifted out and looked down.
There.
At the bottom of the pool lay two astronauts under the cage, both dressed in blue EVA suits. One was completely under it with only part of their torso and the legs showing while the other was caught by the legs, clearly trying to push the heavy contraption off their lower body.
A small stream of bubbles was coming up from each one.
He recognized the Russian flag patch.
A diver suddenly surfaced off to his left and Bryce ran down the deck to him.
“You’ve got two down over there,” Bryce yelled, pointed to the right. “Trapped under a cage. At least one’s alive.”
“Shit,” The diver commented, unslinging his camera unit and shoving it onto the deck. “Give me a new bottle.”
He motioned to a group of bottles standing upright in rows of five along the wall, each in its harness with regulator attached and ready for use.
Amazingly enough, in all the commotion, the bottles had not so much as even tipped over nor were any even scratched.
Bryce ran over and grabbed a bottle, started back, then stopped and grabbed another. 
Bringing them back, he set both down as the diver motioned to another diver surfacing further down.
“He probably needs one too,” The diver commented as he unslung his harness, letting the used tank slide into the pool. “I don’t know how their air is, so give me an extra.” Almost as an afterthought, he pointed in the direction where the two astronauts were trapped below the surface. “Have folks bring a few down there in case we need more.”
Bryce nodded then waved some techs standing off to the left toward him, giving them directions and watching as they began to shift bottles down to where the two were trapped below the surface.
Turning back to the divers, he helped both getting the extra bottles in the water, then stopped the first one.
“Comm’s out,” Bryce told him. “How do I let you know what’s happening up here?”
“You don’t,” The man replied. “I’m going to get the bottles on them.” 
“What do I need to do?”
“Nothing yet,” He replied. “But we’ll need some way to get them up and out of the pool once they’re free.”
“Got it.”
Tucking the extra bottle under an arm, the man dove and rapidly swam in the direction of the two trapped trainees as Bryce moved along the deck to a point directly above the trapped astronauts.
By now, the other diver had put his bottle in place and had brought the broken cable from the cage back up the surface.
Fortunately, it had broken off above the surface, giving them plenty of extra line to get it repaired.
Bryce looked up to see the nearest crane operator’s cab obscured with blood, the glass shattered and pockmarked with bullet holes. A tech standing next to him also looked up, then immediately started for the stairs.
“Don’t worry,” He commented as he left, “I got it handled.”
Bryce now began to direct men and women in the rescue operation.
Most were directed to clear the deck of the wounded and dead as more security began to show up along with emergency response units.
Bryce had others finding the equipment they would need to repair the broken cable and get the cage off the pair.
No one argued as he continued to direct the operations, moving security into positions and becoming more and more worried about Tatiana.
More divers were surfacing and asking for bottles for several other trainees trapped below and Bryce kept the supply of spare bottles moving to each spot where they were needed, directing men and women to prepare whatever was necessary to bring all the survivors to the surface.
Some of the technicians were already filling empty bottles from compressors that remained operational, using others to gather the empties and move the filled ones where needed.
Other divers not involved in the rescue operations were dragging bodies through the water to the edge, where each was pulled onto the deck, then carried to where the other dead and wounded lay for triage.
The dead were laid out in rows at the near end of the pool, some covered by whatever was available.
A number of the trainees in their EVA-suited bodies were covered but most lay exposed and visible.
Bryce couldn’t help but notice there were blue, red, green and orange EVA suits laying side by side. The crews had been hit hard.
The wounded were being taken to the opposite end of the pool where their wounds were treated as best could be done until medical response teams could arrive.
No one knew how much fighting continued or where it still raged on, yet, for some strange reason, no one seemed concerned about their own safety, although the remaining security were positioned around and outside the blast area, alert and watching for more attacks.
Techs and other personnel moved about, handling the problems they found rather than bolting for safety.
Bryce moved to the pool edge and saw both crewmembers had spare bottles connected into the emergency ports of their suits.
“Heads up!”
Bryce looked up to see the broken cable end snaking downward toward them as the damaged arm of the crane shifted in jerking movements.
Two techs grabbed the loose end, pulling it down until they had quite a bit of slack, then they and two others began feverishly working off to one side.
About the time they finished with the repair, one of the divers surfaced.
“We have them in the cage,” He yelled up to the operator as he pulled his mask off. “Both are hurt so lift slowly and carefully.”
Minutes later, the cage slowly broke the surface of the water to the cheers of all in the immediate area.
The two astronauts on the cage were lying on their backs and it took medical personnel a moment to free them from the confines of the metal enclosure.
Without regard to the cost of the EVA suits, they began cutting and removing the metal and fabric as they could to get the two injured trainees out of their equipment.
Tatiana was unconscious, but breathing as they put her into a neck brace, then strapped her wet body onto the gurney.
There was no blood in her suit or on her body, but the helmet was cracked in one corner and Bryce could see the backside of the suit in which she had been laying was covered in a small layer of water maybe an inch deep.
The other trainee was Mikael Brecker, his newly assigned Operations Officer.
Unlike Tatiana, he was conscious with blood all over his face and his chest area.
He wasn’t speaking and simply stared up at the ceiling of the NBL as they removed him from the EVA suit, bundling them both off on gurneys.
Brecker wasn’t even military – Bryce knew the man was originally a consultant given the military title of Lieutenant Commander in the UAN to make it easier to assign him and keep the chain of command defined.
He wasn’t sure the entire story, but the man ended up through a series of events assigned to his crew as his Ops Officer with the military rank now legitimate.
Bryce had no complaints about the UAN officer.
Brecker had turned out so far to be an excellent Operations Officer though he was learning on the job so to speak.
Bryce had become his mentor and a good friend, but from the look on the man’s face, this had been more than he was prepared to handle.
More cheers from one side as two more cages with wounded were lifted from the water. 
Divers quickly shifted their efforts to help free the final three wounded trainees still trapped under water.
Bryce was about to follow his wounded crew when someone put their hand on his arm.
He turned to find a young Captain staring at him, dressed in full combat gear, his weapon slung across his chest.
“Colonel Tyrell?” He asked softly.
“Yeah.”
“I’ve been looking for you. I was told you were here. You injured, Sir?”
“No,” Bryce shook his head, realizing he still held onto his weapon. “Just shook up a bit.”
“I need you to come with me immediately.”
“What’s up?”
“General Johanson wants to see you now.”
“Johanson?” Bryce looked at the man. “Are you serious?”
“Yes, Sir,” Replied the Captain. “He was on his way to see you here when the attack occurred.”
“Is he ok?”
“Yes, Sir, he’s at a secure location,” The Captain nodded and stepped to the side, obviously trying to get Bryce to come with him. “But we really need to get going, Sir.”
“See me?” Bryce asked incredulously. “What about?”
“I don’t know, Colonel,” The Captain replied, clearly trying to get Bryce to follow him without being pushy or demanding. “All I was told was to hunt you down, make sure you were ok and get you back to his location ASAP, Sir. Please...this way.”
“Listen, son,” Bryce replied, handing him the weapon. “Tell the General I have wounded…”
“Sir,” The man pointed toward the blasted out portion of the wall. “The General is leaving shortly for DC and said he needs to speak with you. He specifically told me not to return without you.” He paused, trying to be diplomatic. “I’m to bring you to him regardless of what I have to do.” He nodded toward the security personnel standing off to one side, clearly waiting for him and the Captain. “We need to get going…now.”
“What about the attack?”
“It’s over, Sir.” The Captain responded. “They’re dead.” 
Bryce looked at the Emergency Response vehicle and several armored security forces vehicles through the destroyed wall, slowly picking their way past one of the three destroyed all-terrain vehicles as they set up a defensive perimeter.
Additional troops were being deployed and ambulances continued to arrive, the red and blue enhanced LED flashing lights brilliant even in the bright Texas sunlight.
Bryce knew he should be at Tatiana’s side.
The job is the job, his mind told him, even as the young Captain continued to try to get him moving.
Taking a deep breath, he motioned the young officer to lead the way.

*****

21 JULY 2051; 2145 HOURS 
THE WHITE HOUSE, WASHINGTON, D.C.

Arthur Kilsen slammed his fist onto the desk in the Oval Office, startling everyone in the room, including his Vice President and friend, Jack Swanson.
The President, a gentle man and one loved by his nation, was not prone to angry outbursts.
In fact, no one in the room could remember more than a handful of times President Kilsen had even raised his voice in anger.
“Dammit, people,” He looked down at the desk, then at the room full of cabinet members. “I want answers and I want them now!”
“Mr. President,” Replied Don Scranton, the Secretary of State, “We just…”
“Are they UAAF?” The president demanded, interrupted the man.
“Yes,” Responded General Frederick Johanson, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
“Fred,” The Secretary of Defense, Marsha Kimball, rebuked him. “We don’t know that.”
“General?” The President looked at the man, holding his hand up to silence all the others in the room.
“These were SO, Mr. President,” The General began.
“Oh, bullshit,” Interrupted Brian Zimbest, Director of the CIA. “Where did you come up with that special operations crap?”
The General looked at the man as a father would a child and smiled. “Long before this war started, Mr. Zimbest, we were aware the UAAF had recruited at least one full division of foreign nationals as a mercenary division, then trained them in unique operations.”
“Mr. President,” Brian appealed to the man. “We don’t have anything to collaborate this wives’ tale we’ve all heard.”
“I want to hear what the General has to say.” Replied the President.
The General cleared his throat then opened a folder, handing out a thin sheaf of papers and photographs to each person.
The top and bottom of each page was marked Top Secret KONGO in bold red lettering with warnings the information was from extremely sensitive HUMINT sources and was not authorized for distribution to uncleared personnel or friendly foreign nations.
A surplus of additional warnings in bright red and an almost neon blue smaller print added to the seriousness of the information contained within.
“For quite a while, military intelligence has been slowly acquiring data on this Division,” He began. “It’s designated the Four Hundred Fifty Third Special Tactics Division and numbers about fifteen thousand personnel. Made up of ten brigades, approximately fifteen hundred per brigade and has a fairly equal mix of all races and sex. Stationed at a base near Jinchang, China.”
The General paused a moment while each person paged through the sheaf of papers.
“What you’re now looking at is a summarization of the intelligence we’ve gathered on this Division thus far. This compartment is designated and authorized for only information regarding this unit.”
“Why haven’t we seen this before,” Brian challenged him angrily. “And what base near Jinchang? There’s no base even close to that city.”
“There is and you don’t see all the intel we produce because we don’t see all the intel you have that we need,” Replied the General.
“Bullshit!” Responded Brian, standing up. “We share everything we have, you lying bastard. If you’re holding out on us...”
The General remained nonplussed. “Really? What about Penelope Island?”
“What about it?”
“We lost a Navy destroyer and over one hundred men and women on that little operation,” The General countered. “It would have been nice if you had told us you had intel on the reinforcements they put there two days before we tried to land our troops. Reinforcements with heavy anti-ship weapons.” The General looked down. “Those men and women on that destroyer didn’t know what hit them because they weren’t expecting that type of weapon to be there.”
“We had an asset on that island we couldn’t afford to reveal,” The CIA Director countered.
“And was that damn asset worth a new ship and over a hundred men and women?” The General asked. “I hope so.”
“Brian,” The President motioned the Director to sit down. “I would really like to hear what the General has to say.” He paused. “If you don’t mind.”
The Director stared at the General, then sat down, pretending to read the papers in his hand.
“At first glance,” The General began again. “It would seem the attackers were USIA. They certainly were dressed in USIA typical dress and employed the same communication and tactics of attack.” He handed out a second sheaf of papers, this time a package of photos from the attack scenes. “They used U.S. manufactured autonomous drones, U.S. equipment and older bullet weapons, including re-manufactured M-60 and M-1 machine guns.”
“So why the UAAF?” The President asked.
“Fingerprints.”
“The fingerprints we have say they’re USIA,” Commented the Director of the FBI, Meredith Burney.
“Yes, they do,” Agreed the General. He handed out another photo. “The single set you’ve matched definitely says these were USIA attackers.” He paused, the silence in the room overwhelming. “Except that this man, Daniel Logan, who supposedly died in the attack on NBL One, was alive and enjoying dinner with his family in Omaha less than four hours ago.”
“What?” Asked the FBI Director, dumbfounded.
“Madame Director,” The General smiled as he handed out another photo – this one a print of a hand. “We sat down with Mr. Logan and he graciously offered us a DNA swab and an image of both hands, complete with fingerprints.”
“Why would he do that?” Asked Meredith.
“Because he hates the UAAF as much as we do, because he doesn’t really want to go to jail tonight and, more importantly, because they almost assassinated him just after we got there,” Replied the General. “Compare his print to the attacker and you see a perfect match.” He paused. “The two assassins are dead, by the way.”
“So how do we go from USIA to the UAAF?” Asked the President.
“We asked the same question after we located Mr. Logan and brought him into protective custody,” Replied the General. “So we went back and took DNA and full handprints off some of the attackers.”
“And?”
“Only one set of handprints and DNA matched anyone in the database we’ve compiled so far,” General Johanson handed out another photo, this one of an older, hard-nosed, rugged looking man with a deep scar running down his right cheek. “I give you Colonel Harvey Almandoa, Commander of the Four Fifty First Brigade, Four Hundred Fifty Third Special Tactics Division.” He paused. “Ex-American Special Forces. Convicted of murdering his family on the day he returned from a failed mission in Thailand and then suddenly disappears from the secure jail they held him in less than twenty-four hours later without a trace. We haven’t heard a word from him in over seven years. He, along with a team of fifty-two men and women, died in the attacks in Houston, New York and Chicago.”
“And the rest of this fifty two?”
“None of the rest exist in any database,” The General responded. “No DNA or handprint matches, no photo-recognition. Nothing,” He paused. “Not surprising. Most are probably scroungers, hires, or disgruntled soldiers he’s recruited over the years.” He paused. “Identity and DNA scans hacked from the systems. We’ll figure out who they are but it may take some time.”
“Why?” The Secretary of State asked aloud. “Why would they attack like this?”
“It’s simple, Mr. Secretary. They want us to divert troops and materials from the warzone back to the U.S. to protect against a rising threat from the USIA.” Responded the General, holding up the evening Post.
The headline screamed ‘USIA ATTACKS MULTIPLE LOCATIONS, HUNDREDS DEAD OR DYING”.
“Damn,” The President muttered. “Now what do we do?”
“How?” Asked the CIA Director. “How did they make it look like USIA?”
“Surgically altered fingerprints on Almandoa,” Johanson responded. “The rest of the team had no fingerprints. Typical USIA tactics, weapons and method of operation.” He paused. “We take the fingerprints off one and then assume the rest are the same. He was meant to die and be found.”
President Kilsen sat down, staring at the floor.
“What’s the problem, Mr. President?” Asked Vice President Swanson.
“I have half of Congress screaming at me to cancel the Mars Project,” Arthur responded, looking up at all of them. “Let’s be frank, folks. The Project has cost us dearly lately and put us back into deep debt, even with the mining operations,” He paused. “Combined with the war effort, we’re in financial ruin and the nation is more and more polarized every day,” He shook his head. “If the people become convinced this is USIA and not UAAF, then the anti-war fanatics are going to have a hay day, no matter what the facts are. They will force us to redeploy troops back to the U.S. to protect the perceived USIA threat,” He looked up at the Vice President. “How many did we lose?”
“Over twenty-five hundred,” Replied the Vice President. “Including over a hundred trainees in Houston.” He paused. “Chicago was the worst. They got into the BanKard Tower and killed everyone they could find then set the building on fire.” He looked at the numbers. “Almost fifteen hundred souls there alone, not counting the attackers.”
“New York?”
“Close to eight hundred in the Gordon Tower,” The Vice President responded. “Houston got lucky, if lucky is what you can call it. They lost just over two hundred killed, mostly in and around the complex.” He paused. “NBL One was hit hard.”
“How many wounded?”
“Thousands.” He perused the numbers. “There’s a tremendous amount of criticals and a lot of those are on life support. The dead are going to go up.”
“Son of a bitch,” The President swore. “How many foreign nationals?”
“Over sixty techs and trainees at Houston. Numbers are still coming in for New York and Chicago,” The man responded. “We’ve already notified each nation who lost a national in the program of the need for a replacement.”
“And if they think we can’t defend the nation or this project?” Asked the President.
“Then there’s a good chance you may have to select more Americans to make up the losses,” Replied General Johanson. “And then we’ll have to deal with the whole coalition claiming we’re trying to Americanize the project as we now have to pick up more of the cost.”
“They cut funding and assistance and we pick up the tab.” Concluded the Secretary of State.
“Ladies and gentlemen,” The President looked around the room. “I don’t have to remind you we inherited this from the previous two administrations. Not only do we have facilities and labs here on Earth, we also have a number of space facilities, two labs and five docks up there about to be finished as well as the asteroid harvesting program facilities.” He paused. “We are trillions into this project and I assure you we don’t have the personnel or funds to keep everything operational or in orbit for very long if we lose any members of this coalition.”
“Not to mention what can happen on the war front,” Chimed in the General.
“Suggestions?” Asked the President.
“Cut the project while we can,” Offered Maxwell Gorman, Secretary of the Treasury. “Put caretaker crews on the space facilities, stop the harvesters and cut our financial losses while we concentrate on the war.” He looked around at the incredulous stares. “We can always start the projects back up after the war.”
“That has to be the absolutely dumbest idea you’ve come up with,” The CIA Director remarked. “And you’ve had some real dumb ideas.”
“I resent that, Mr. President,” Responded Gorman, turning to the Director. “And I would suggest you keep your mouth shut, asshole.”
“Enough!” The President barked. “Enough of the insults and other crap that isn’t doing us any good.” He looked around. “Do I make myself clear?”
Everyone nodded though the CIA Director and Gorman continued to glare at each other.
It was no secret Zimbest detested Gorman over something that happened between the two decades before and even less of a secret that each now did everything in their personal and professional power to try and destroy the other, often just short of murder.
Many wondered why the President still tolerated both in the administration, but no one had ever confronted him on the subject.
“Now that that little issue is settled,” The President took another breath. “Please keep in mind the share we get from the harvesters is probably the only thing keeping this nation afloat. If it weren’t for the substantial amounts of gold, silver and other minerals we receive as our share, the United States would have ceased to exist a long time ago.” He paused. “So what do we do?”
“The problem is that we’ve flooded the markets with so much gold, silver and other precious metals, the prices are in the toilet.” The Vice President remarked.
“Mr. President,” General Johanson spoke in a low voice. “I believe I can prosecute the war with the new weapons coming on line and we can continue the Mars Project and expand the harvesting program as well.” He paused. “I will put in place additional security for the Mars Project but I can’t guarantee the UAAF won’t try again.”
“Expand the harvesting project?” The President asked.
“That’s right, Sir,” The General responded. “The Perth Accord we signed four years ago states we get our fair share of the joint harvesting operations, but does not prevent any country from doing its own harvesting if it has the resources to do so.”
“And where are we going to get that type of operation set up from?” The Vice President responded.
“I’ve done some preliminary analysis and I believe I can shave enough from the defense budget to start a fairly robust program,” General Johanson smiled. “We can start small and develop it as we go with what we can collect.”
No one spoke as he finished.
“We certainly can’t back out of the war,” General Johanson chuckled. “And if we back out of the Project, we have a multi-trillion-dollar space station complex sitting up there that’s going to do absolutely nothing.” He looked around. “Not to mention about forty countries that are going to do everything legal and otherwise to make sure they don’t lose their billions of dollars in investment.” He paused. “We will become a pariah in the world.”
Heads nodded.
“Which means we put out what we can through the media to try and make sure people understand the UAAF was behind these attacks.” The General offered. “And you need to address the nation.”
“Will that work?” Asked the Vice President.
“No,” Replied the General frankly. “No, it won’t and we need to accept that.” He stared at the man. “But we don’t have a choice and both the mission and war must go on.”
The President stood.
“That settles it,” He concluded. “We move forward. I want whatever security is necessary to make sure this never happens again,” He looked at the General. “And I understand that may not be possible.” The President paused, the silence stifling in the chilled air of the Oval Office. “General,” He began then looked around the room, “I don’t care what has to be done, but, as of this moment, you are now in charge of the Mars Project and this Harvester Effort.” He shifted his gaze to the Secretary of State. “You do what’s necessary. Fly wherever you need to, call whoever you have to, but you get busy and make sure this coalition stays together and they know we have things under control.”
“But, Mr. President…” Secretary Scranton began to speak.
“I don’t want excuses,” President Kilsen’s voice raised several notches. “No more. We don’t have the luxury of excuses. I want action. Is that clear?”
Scranton tried to speak once again and Kilsen cut him off immediately.
“If any of you can’t do this, resign this damn minute.” He ordered everyone in the room. “Otherwise, get your asses on board and get busy.” He paused. “I have a speech to prepare and this meeting is over. Thank you all for coming.”
As his cabinet began to leave, the President signaled the Vice President. “I’d like to speak to you and the General for a moment before you leave.”

*****

22 JULY 2051; 2145 HOURS; 0545 CHINA LOCAL TIME
CLASSIFIED REMOTE ARMY LOCATION, NORTH OF JINCHANG, CHINA

“We’ve confirmed all are dead.” The soldier set the data pad on the table and immediately turned and left the room.
“A shame,” General Kong Rong-Nu pushed the pad before him toward the younger man seated to his left. “While he knew what would happen, I regret losing him. Colonel Almandoa was a dedicated and exceptional commander.”
The others nodded, but said nothing. After several moments of silence, in which the younger man paged through the data on the pad, the General spoke again.
“Have they discovered it?”
“No,” Colonel Pao Jing replied, quickly paging through the screens. “Our source indicates the secret is still safe.”
“Luck?” Asked the General.
“I don’t believe so,” Responded General Tan Shu-sai-chong. “Our technicians have told us the DNA checks would show nothing unless they did a very in-depth analysis.”
The General was silent for a moment.
“If what you say is true, General,” He looked at the man. “Then we have just done something no one has ever done before.” He stood. “Gentlemen, we have cloned new human beings from different genetic material, programmed and trained them for a single purpose, then sent them into combat.” 
He motioned to Colonel Jing and the man projected a table of information onto a large screen filing one end of the ornate conference room.
“And they performed admirably if these numbers are to be believed.” He looked around the table. “The Chicago squad exceptionally so. The firebombing of the building was unexpected since none had been trained for such an option.” He paused. “It has been a long night and each of you is to be congratulated.”
There were no celebratory cheers, high fives, or other demonstrations.
In fact, each officer seated at the table simply nodded and remained silent as pictures of the carnage, dead and battles played one after the other. Most of the information and images had been obtained from news sources, but a number were grabbed from individual postings on the various social media sites. The images of the burning thirty-story building in Chicago and the dead and dying surrounding it were especially graphic.
“The media?” The General asked.
“Already assuming it was the work of the USIA and demanding the U.S. move men and material from the warzones to protect the homeland,” Colonel Jing replied, paging through a number of media headlines and articles. “A number of groups opposing the administration have started to demand action.”
“Good,” General Rong-Nu paused. “And how many brigades do we have available?”
“Fifty fully trained as of today, General,” The man checked his notes. “We have another twenty in training.”
A smile crossed the General’s face as he looked around the table. “Fifty brigades, gentlemen. Five divisions of men and women of every race, all programmed and trained for missions we need them to accomplish this minute. All raised from the day they were born to know only what we have taught and trained them for.” He raised his glass. “And twenty more in development?”
“We are creating one new Brigade each month.” Colonel Jing responded. “The underground facilities are being expanded as part of the training to build both discipline and strength.”
The General smiled. “And the U.S. thinks we have only one division of volunteers.”
Glasses were raised in acknowledgement then lowered.
“Colonel,” The General motioned the man, who immediately began handing out a thin report covered with a classified sheet.
As the last one was distributed, the General smiled once more.
“So much for this mission,” He opened the cover. “Our next.”

*****

29 JULY 2051; 2045 HOURS
BUBBA’S BEER EMPORIUM, HOUSTON, TEXAS, U.S.A.

“How you feeling?” Bryce asked, his hand covering hers. “We don’t need to stay, hon.”
Tatiana smiled. “I’m OK,” She reassured him. “It was just a small concussion.”
Bryce smiled. “Add mild hypothermia,” He reminded her. “We can ignore the bruised ribs and other little bumps, cuts and bruises.”
She leaned into him. “I never told you how nice it was waking up to see you by my bed.”
Bryce put his arm around her, not willing to explain he had barely got there after racing to the hospital from his meeting with the General.
After a quick brief from the doctor, he had sat down, holding her hand when she slowly opened her eyes, smiled and squeezed his back.
“I was worried about you, hon,” He replied honestly, stroking her long hair. “You didn’t look good for a bit there.”
“I still don’t remember anything,” She leaned into him a bit, her mouth next to his ear. “But don’t think for one minute you’re going to put me to bed tonight and sleep on the couch again, young man,” She whispered huskily. “You’ve spent a whole week putting me off and making me sleep alone.”
“Hon,” He smiled. “You were beat up.” He paused. “You’re still beat up, girl. You haven’t finished the tests yet.”
“I’m not sleeping alone one more night, Mister. Ribs, concussion and everything else be damned.” She paused, nibbling his ear lobe. “Including Mars. You understand me?”
“Hon…”
“Do you want me to screw you right here, right now?” She asked, then pulled away to smile at him. “Because I’m horny. I’m really horny. I’ll do it and I won’t think twice about putting on one hell of a show for everyone in this place right here.”
He stared at her, wondering for a moment if she really had the guts to follow through with the threat.
She smiled that coy don’t-dare-me smile – a smile he’d tested on more than one occasion and lost every time.
Part of him thought she was bluffing.
The other part wasn’t so sure.
Bryce put a hand up. “You win,” He covered her hand once more. “We take it easy though.”
She grinned and took another sip of ice water, turning her attention to the rest of the crew dancing or playing pool or darts, her smile infectious.
Bryce watched her for a moment and smiled.
She would have done it.
As much as he might try and convince himself otherwise, the woman would have done it. 
And she would have had no hesitation.
He turned his own attention to the crew.
With the exception of Brecker and the two replacements that had yet to be assigned, the rest of the crew was here, laughing, drinking and enjoying themselves.
It had been just over a week since the attack and the crew needed to vent off some energy. 
After the memorial services, they had been training even harder, both to make up for lost time and to keep their minds off the incidents, especially the carnage at Chicago.
Tatiana had recovered from her injuries and, although Bryce continued to baby her, she seemed more than capable of doing whatever was required of her.
But he could tell the ribs were still bothering her and had put off her repeated attempts to make love, even resorting to sleeping on the couch to keep his own desires in check.
To make sure she knew he was still in love with her, he went the extra mile each day, offering her a fresh rose each morning with a homemade breakfast and even the occasional foot-rub or two.
He had done those things before the attack, but he made sure he worked hard to let her know how much he needed and loved her.
It wasn’t that he didn’t want to make love to her – he wanted her more than ever.
But he was scared they would do something that would injure her even more.
And he didn’t want to hurt the woman he wanted to marry in any way.
There would be more than enough time to make up for lost loving once he was sure she was healed.
For her part, Tatiana had been breaking all the rules the doctors had set forth.
She immediately started back at exercising and stretching and kept up her running routine with Bryce, even though he could clearly see the pain etched in her face.
He knew it would do no good to chastise her or try to stop her.
That would simply make her more determined.
Right now, she smiled as the waitress brought him a new beer and more ice water for her.
A couple of the crew were in a game of eight-ball with a pair of deep-water miners while Kazou Takahashi and Annette Montreux were holding their own in a spirited game of darts against a team from Explorer Three.
The rest of the folks were either on the dance floor, playing other games or standing around, relaxing with the sounds of Southern country rock filling the night air.
It was a good night, Bryce thought.
A bit warm even for Texas, but good nonetheless.
“What type of bullshit shot was that?” One of the men playing pool bellowed. “You can’t jump a ball like that!”
“Are you kidding?” Emilio Martinez, Explorer One’s geologist, responded. “Of course I can. And I did.”
“That’s a fucking scratch!” The man bellowed, his voice raised. “Pull that damn stripe out and give me the cue ball.”
“C’mon, Jim,” One of his buddies grabbed his arm. “It was legit and you know it.”
“Bullshit,” Jim flung his arm back, sending the man careening into a group of people. “I’m tired of these f’ing know-it-all space nerds coming in here, thinking they own our bar.”
“C’mon, man,” Someone called out, “Just play the game.”
Jim spun around, looking for the individual, daggers in his eyes. “Who the fuck said that?”
“Hey man…” Grant Simpson tried to step up to the big man and smooth things over.
He was rewarded by Jim turning back towards him and planting his fist on the side of Grants head, sending him sprawling onto the floor and into a group of trainees.
Grant tried to rise and fell into a heap unconscious.
Suddenly, the melee was on – astronauts, techs, locals and miners tackling and punching each other as bodies flew everywhere in the already crowded bar.
Takahashi deflected the punch of a big miner, using his other hand to land an uppercut into the man’s belly and causing him to crumple on the floor, the wind knocked from him.
Another took a roundhouse swing at the Engineer and he ducked under the meaty fist, stepping in and landing a series of quick rabbit punches to the drunken man’s midsection and putting him on the floor as well.
Bryce watched as one of the miners picked up a tech and literally threw him into the wall. 
The poor man crumpled to the floor and remained there, unmoving.
Another crewmember rewarded the miner with a stool across the back, sending the man sprawling across a pool table and onto the floor, sliding under another and not moving.
The fight spilled out into the main part of the bar, the bar owner screaming for everyone to stop while telling his staff to kick every one of the bastards out and call the police.
The six bouncers, each one large, muscular and ready to fight, were already engaged, doing their best to grab individuals and pull, drag or yank combatants to the door.
Those unwilling to go were pummeled with fists or the stout little combat batons each carried.
The fight was escalating and Bryce grabbed Tatiana, then backed up, intending to avoid any of the combat while protecting her, as did several others surrounding him, both miners and mission personnel alike.
Suddenly one of the miners came flying at them from out of the fight, stumbling and off-balance.
The big man would have slammed into Tatiana had Bryce not deflected him into the wall to their side.
The miner groaned as Bryce lowered him to the floor instead of letting him fall.
“That was uncalled for,” An older miner sitting at a nearby table yelled.
Bryce simply stared at the man while keeping an eye out for anymore who could present a problem for him or Tatiana.
“You didn’t have to slam him into the wall like that,” The man stood. A big guy, he was all muscle and very little fat, the product of years of hard work under the waves. “You got an issue with us, big boy?”
Not in any mood for conversation at the moment as a couple of bottles hit the wall and broke nearby, Bryce shook his head. “I don’t have time for this shit. You need to sit down.”
“Really?” The bull of a man roared, flinging the table aside. “Maybe you need to make the time, asshole.”
Bryce concentrated on the miner while keeping aware of the flying bottles and bodies now surrounding him.
Most of the folks who had tried to keep out of the fray were being drawn into it, either willingly or unwillingly, while some were bolting for the door and safety outside.
The manager of the bar was screaming now, his voice barely heard over the din as one more of his bouncers went down, the victim of a bottle upside the head.
Another body sprawled into Bryce and he deflected the man, then delivered a swift rabbit punch to the drunken local’s face, rendering him unconscious.
“You asshole,” The big miner yelled, pulling out a large knife. “You don’t treat people like that. I’m gonna teach you some manners, big boy.”
“I got no beef with you,” Bryce warned the man, putting himself between the man and Tatiana. “You need to just back off.”
“Yeah, you do. You and I got one hell of a beef now,” Grinned the man, taking a step forward as another of his buddies stood and joined him. “And when I get done with you, me and that pretty girl of yours are gonna have some fun.”
“You need to back off, mu’dak!” Tatiana narrowed her gaze at the man, her hands sliding into position as she assumed a relaxed fighting stance a step behind and to Bryce’s side.
“Bitch,” The enraged man turned his attention to Tatiana, “Maybe I need to cut you first, then deal with him.”
“Po'shyol 'na hui!” Growled Tatiana, shifting herself ever so slightly.
The man charged Tatiana, his arm raised, the knife gleaming in the neon-enhanced pale lighting of the bar. 
Bryce stepped into him, extending one arm up into the downward thrust and stopping it cold as he locked his hand around the wrist.
Meanwhile, he spun into the man, his other arm thrust back hard, the elbow sinking into the man’s midsection.
Pulling the knife-wielding arm downward while he twisted the wrist and stepping out, Bryce forced the man down onto the floor face first.
The wrist broke, causing his assailant to cry out in pain as the knife clattered to the floor, blood covering his face from his broken nose.
Without even thinking, Bryce swept his foot and the knife went skittering across the floor toward the bar.
The second man charged, bellowing, and Tatiana stopped him cold with a round-house kick, sending him sprawling sideways into a table and chairs, flying over the furniture and ending up in a tumbled heap, broken chairs and the table covering him.
He groaned a moment before collapsing and remaining still.
The first man, howling in pain, tried to raise himself on his good hand, only to be met by a crouched Bryce’s fist in his face, breaking his jaw.
He collapsed as well.
The other three now standing at the table where they had been sitting with the first two all raised their hands, indicating they had no intention of continuing the battle.
At that moment, the din of the barroom brawl was drowned out by the sound of a sawed-off, old fashioned twelve-gauge shotgun being fired twice into the air, leaving two holes in the plank wood ceiling as the manager stood on the bar, quickly reloading the ancient weapon.
Two of his very beat up and bloodied bouncers flanked him on either side, both with similar weapons now trained on the still unruly but suddenly restrained crowd.
At that moment, a half dozen cops burst through the door, dressed in full riot gear with weapons drawn.
The fight was over.
Two hours later, while many patrons were being processed for a trip to the Houston Police Headquarters and others were being issued citations, Bryce was helping Tatiana into their vehicle to return home.
Her ribs were sore from the exertion and she was in pain.
It was only the sworn testimony of the bar owner, who had witnessed the entire episode with Bryce and the two miners, that had saved both him and Tatiana an embarrassing trip to the police station.
Bryce refused to press charges against the two and had spent some time convincing the bar owner not to press attempted murder charges as well.
The assault charges normally associated with these types of bar fights would stick, but Bryce had no desire to deal with the court proceedings and other bureaucratic red tape that would have come with the trial on the more serious charges.
The two, already on their way to the hospital in restraining cuffs, wound up with bad headaches, a broken wrist, a pair of broken jaws, broken noses, bruised ribs and most likely some hefty fines and their part of the restitution owed to the owner to pay.
The cops didn’t like it, but without the cooperation of Bryce or the bar owner, they decided they had no real choice and told Bryce he and Tatiana could leave.
As they walked out, both were handed a citation warning them to not set foot in the bar again, but other than that, left alone.
Bryce stuffed the citation in his pocket as they left the building.
He was already in enough trouble trying to figure out how he would try to explain what had happened here to the General.
He figured Monday morning wasn’t going to be pleasant.
If they didn’t call him in tonight.
As he prepared to get into the vehicle, he looked back at the bar.
Most of the crew had been issued citations and would escape a trip to the headquarters, since none had actively participated in the fight itself.
Enough witnesses corroborated the fact that his crew had, for the most part, acted in self-defense.
Simpson had been taken to the hospital to have his jaw examined, but other than that, most suffered bumps, bruises, minor cuts and some sore bodies.
It had been a great place to relax and have a quick drink.
Bryce shook his head.
Had been.

*****

29 JULY 2051; 2355 HOURS
BRYCE’S PERSONAL QUARTERS
SHIMMERMAN TRAINING CENTER, HOUSTON, TEXAS, U.S.A.

“Are you sure you’re ok?” Bryce asked quietly as Tatiana slowly pulled off her t-shirt, then undid the front clasp of her bra, freeing her breasts.
Like the rest of his and her clothing, the two items fell to the floor onto the growing pile of clothing.
She nodded, gently kissing his forehead as she straddled him on the couch. “I’m fine.” Gazing into his eyes, she grinned. “I promise. How about you?”
“I worry…”
“Stop,” She smiled. “I promise, my love. I’m fine.”
Teasing her breasts delicately with his fingers and planting gentle kisses up and down her neck, he was being playful and she knew it, part of his way of making sure she was both enjoying the moment and anticipating what was to come.
He gently kissed a nipple, then pulled back for a moment as if in thoughtful concentration.
“I wonder how you would look with pierced nipples.” He commented off-handedly as he kissed one, then the other, a smile on his face.
“Pierced?” She asked, leaning back a bit and gently stroking one with her finger. “You want them pierced?”
“Why not?” He asked, a bit nonchalantly and trying hard to not let her see he was joking.
“Rings?” She teased. “Or something else? Barbells maybe?”
He laughed. “You seem to know quite a bit about this.”
“Perhaps,” She replied, noncommittal. “So what will it be? Which would you like?”
“Rings?” He countered, kissing the other. “Hmmm…I never thought of rings.”
She held his head as he shifted his attentions from one breasts to the next. “If you want them pierced, then they get pierced,” She cooed. “Is that what you want?”
“Think they might get in the way in space?” He asked, still not willing to let her know he was just being playful.
“I don’t think so,” She replied seriously, closing her eyes as he tenderly caressed one with his tongue. “If it’s what you want, I’ll figure a way to make them work.”
“No,” He smiled as he gentled played with one aroused nub of flesh with his tongue. “They’re perfect and I don’t want them touched by anyone or anything but me.”
“You know I’ll do whatever you want, don’t you?” She asked, her voice tinged with a seriousness he knew not to toy with. For some reason, this was important to her.
“Yes. And I do not want anything done to change this perfect body,” He reassured her. “Nothing.”
“What if that’s what I wanted?” She asked.
“Is it?” He responded, concentrating on kissing her erect nipples rather than looking at her.
“Maybe. I’ve certainly thought about it,” She giggled as he tormented her. “You’re incorrigible.”
“You don’t realize,” He whispered, kissing her breast. “You’re everything to me.”
 “And you’re everything to me, my love,” She whispered back, her hands tangled in his hair. “You’re not sleeping alone on the couch anymore.” She paused. “And I’m not waiting one more night.”
Tatiana pushed him into the deep cushions of the sofa and straddled his hips. He kissed between her breasts and took one of her nipples in his mouth as his hand glided across the surface of her skin, moving down to slide between the waistband of her panties and her soft skin.
“I want you.” She purred softly in his ear. “I need you now.”
“I want you too,” Bryce whispered back. “More than you can ever realize. But I want to set this beautiful body on fire first.”
She inhaled sharply as he sucked gently on a nipple. “You’ve already done that!”
“No,” He persisted with his tongue, teasing her erect, sensitive nubs while his hands played with her body. “Not quite yet.”
No matter how much he wanted this woman, Bryce decided he would delay everything, including his own satisfaction until he could see if he could drive her mad with wanton lust.
And so he continued, denying her attempts while doing everything he could to continue arousing her to higher and higher levels of desire.
He would know the moment.
When they finally came together, she looked up, seeing nothing, as he entered her, then looked down into his open eyes, their noses only a whisper apart.
She moved atop him painstakingly slowly, her eyes closing as she focused on the sensation of him deep inside her and doing everything she could to drive him even deeper.
Slowly she opened them once again, his eyes, gazing up into hers, unblinking as she let the sensations race through her.
Every movement, every yearning was reflected between them through the eyes.
“I love you.” He nuzzled her with his nose as she gradually increased her pace, her hips moving rhythmically as he continued to torment her nipples, neck and lips.
“Oh God, Bryce, you don’t know how much I love you…” Her last word was interrupted by a low moan escaping her throat.
She reached down to catch his mouth as her movements sped, their tongues exploring each other, groans and soft moans interrupting their connection. Bryce’s hands drifted over her ribs and smoothed over her waist, slipping under the curve of her bottom so he could lift her slightly, increasing his leverage.
Tatiana’s arms encircled his neck, her hands holding his face in place as her tongue never quit exploring every part of his mouth, darting in and teasing his tongue in a dance of passion and exquisite love.
She wanted to taste him, feel him and lose herself in him – her mind could think of nothing else but the intensity racing through her, building to a point of unstoppable pleasure.
She’d become addicted to this…to him.
It was something she couldn’t deny any longer and something she didn’t want to lose.
Something she vowed so long ago to not let affect her now occupied almost every thought she had.
She adored everything about him – the way he took care and babied her every moment of every day, the way he looked at her in their intimate moments and especially the way in which the world fell out of focus around them when they held each other.
She longed to feel him loving her, moving inside her, not just because it was the most intense and incredible sensation she ever felt, but because Bryce Tyrell, above any other person she had even known in her life, made her always feel beautiful, needed and loved in ways no one had ever come close to doing.
These feelings were like no other drug she had ever known and she started finding herself wanting him in her all the time.
There was no longer any doubt in her mind.
He was an addiction and she couldn’t stand to be without it nor could she get enough of it anymore.
As the climactic moment flowed over her in an overwhelming tidal wave of intense sensation, causing her to shudder and scream silently into the night, the sound stilled in her throat, Tatiana would have sworn to anyone that any orgasm felt with him, including the one now completely engulfing her entire body and mind, was simply an extra gift – a very beautiful extra gift – to how she felt when they were joined.
And she wanted so much more with him.
For the first time ever, as the sensations very slowly leveled off and she stared into his eyes, kissing him and begging him softly to repeat what he had just done to her, Tatiana Melankov wondered if she could…if she should…have a baby on Mars.

*****
*****

CHAPTER SEVEN

“Without faith, hope and trust, there is no promise for the future, and without a promising future, life has no direction, no meaning and no justification.”

Adlin Sinclair

*****

09 AUGUST 2052; 1500 HOURS 
OUTSIDE THE EXECUTIVE CONFERENCE ROOM, HQ MARSCOM
SHIMMERMAN TRAINING CENTER, HOUSTON, TEXAS, U.S.A.

“Well, that was pleasant,” Bryce remarked in a dry voice as they sat on the hard, carved wooden bench in the empty tile-floored hallway, both of them in their dress uniforms.
Each sat for a moment, contemplating all that had transpired in the last thirty minutes, both wondering where the future was going to take them.
Bryce took a deep breath, fingering the folder holding the disciplinary paperwork.
“At least they left us in the program.” He laughed. “And the paper doesn’t go in our files.”
“Do you think we’ll get reassigned?” Tatiana asked, her voice soft and low. She sat like a small girl, knees together below the edge of her olive drab skirt, clearly terrified of the possibilities the future now held for them both.
“Maybe. No. Hell, I honestly don’t know,” Bryce answered honestly, watching for anyone who might be listening. The hallway remained empty. “That may be the least they do, but I doubt it.”
“Why?”
“They’d be hard-pressed to try and train replacements for us at this point,” He thought out loud. “But I guess it’s not out of the question.”
“I’m so sorry, hon,” She replied, her hand reaching out tentatively as a tear escaped her eye. “It just came out.”
“Don’t apologize, girl,” Bryce smiled. “I actually laughed.” He paused. “Oh hell, we’ve been playing it loose for quite a while, hon.” He placed his hand over hers. “Doesn’t change one bit how I feel.”
“I love you,” She whispered in a voice so low he barely heard it. 
“And I love you too,” He replied unashamedly. “And that’s that.” He took another deep breath, the sound loud in the quiet surrounding them. “We’ll deal with this. And we’ll take care of it.”
“Maybe I need to move back to my quarters,” She suggested. “Just to get them off our backs.”
“Why,” Bryce responded, staring straight ahead. “So I can sneak down each night to be with you?” He laughed. “That would certainly make for some more headlines.”
“Bryce, hon,” She took a deep breath. “I love you so much, but we need to stop for a bit.” She wiped the tear from her eye. “Or we’ll both be kicked out.”
Bryce shook his head. “So that’s it. We walk away from each other because some clown at a press conference couldn’t take a joke.”
“We’re not walking away from each other, Bryce,” She grabbed his hand. “But we need to slow down or we’ll both lose this dream.” She looked down. “Those weren’t just a bunch of pissed off General officers, Bryce. Those men and women represented the program, the U.S. and Russia.”
Bryce grinned. “Yeah, I’m impressed one little comment made a day ago could get such a response so quick,” He shook his head. “After everything that’s happened and all the crap written about us, you’d think they’d have a sense of humor.”
She became a bit angry at his nonchalance. “Quit joking please. I’m scared.”
“Maybe I just don’t care what they think,” He replied, dropping the folder to the bench next to him. “I keep wondering if my priorities have been all screwed up.”
She stared at him for a moment. “I don’t understand.”
Bryce gripped her hand. “I don’t think my dream is Mars anymore.”
She gasped softly. “Bryce, what are you saying?”
“Maybe,” He paused looking down at the tile floor, then up at her. “Maybe I found something more important to me than some dead planet.”
“Oh God,” She stared at him. “Bryce, what are you saying?”
He hesitated, watching the emotions run over her face. “What I’m saying is that I don’t need this mission as much as I thought I did,” He looked down for a moment, then back at her. “But I need you.”
“Bryce, hon,” She stared at him, her eyes moist. “If what I think you’re trying to say is…” She hesitated, wanting desperately to hear those four words, then took a breath and continued. “We have to go on this mission.”
“Why?”
“Because if we don’t, we’ll always wonder.”
“I won’t.”
“I will,” She said simply. “And I never want to look back or wonder.”
There was a very long moment as both looked at the other, their eyes searching for something they didn’t know they were looking for.
“Mars wins.” Bryce said with finality, looking down.
“Hon,” She held his hand. “We win. We just have to be patient.”
Bryce stared straight ahead in the cold air of the hallway. “So where do we go?”
Tatiana took a deep breath, then sat up straight. “We take a break. I move out and we take a pause and concentrate on the mission instead of each other.” She straightened her uniform. “We’ll know when the time’s right and we’ll make our future happen.”
Bryce took a deep breath, then exhaled and stared ahead for what seemed an eternity.
She wanted him desperately to say something but he seemed deep in thought and she dared not disturb him. It was as if the man she loved had turned to granite – she couldn’t even see him breathe.
Finally, he stood, looked at her, then turned and left, the folder still lying on the bench.
A tear escaped her eye as she watched him walk slowly away, his shoulders slumped down in defeat and his gait one of surrender as the sounds of his footsteps echoed off the hallow hallway walls.
Far from the proud man she knew him to be, this was a man who suddenly seemed to have lost everything in the world.
She wanted to call after him, to take back what she had just told him.
But only two words escaped her lips.
Two words spoken softly – so softly she wasn’t even sure she said them as much as she thought them.
“Mars wins.”

*****

09 AUGUST 2052; 2200 HOURS 
COLONEL BRYCE TYRELL’S QUARTERS
SHIMMERMAN TRAINING CENTER, HOUSTON, TEXAS, U.S.A.

In the darkness of their bedroom, she sobbed softly into the pillow, her heart breaking into a million pieces.
Tatiana had come home to find Bryce simply sitting in the chair, staring straight ahead.
He hadn’t so much as changed his uniform or even taken off his shoes.
She had tried to talk with him but he never responded.
Finally, giving up, she left the room and went to their bedroom, hoping against hope he would come in and lay next to her.
She wanted to hold him, to tell him she was wrong.
She wanted to tell him she would follow him through hell if that’s what he wanted.
She wanted to tell him she would do anything not to lose his love.
But she had said nothing.
And she didn’t know why.
The front room went dark as she heard him settling into the couch and that’s when the tears started.
It was as if the final nail in this terrible coffin that seemed to be the end of their love was hammered in.
Watching him take the brunt of the criticism and punishment for her stupid blunder had been horrible.
She tried to interject twice and had been told by her own government to either shut up or go pack her things and return to her parents.
So, she stood rigidly at attention, silent as a stone statue as they methodically and very thoroughly tore him apart first as a commander, then as an officer and finally as a man for the next thirty minutes.
They were unmerciful and deliberate in the insults, in the inferences and in their unabashed attempts to rile him into resignation and anger.
He stood tall through the whole affair, unflinching and seemingly unmoved – a wall of unyielding granite their insults, criticisms and verbal attacks had bashed themselves against with no effect.
After they finished and ordered him to ‘get his ass out of their presence’, he saluted smartly, thanked them for their time and marched from the room, proud and ramrod straight. 
She was so proud of him.
And ashamed of herself.
And now she realized, with one stupid selfish comment, may have lost this man.
The breeze blew through the window, cool for a Texas night, but she didn’t feel it.
All she could feel was anger, shame, and a horrible feeling she had lost a part of herself she would never find again if she lost his love.
For a split second, Tatiana considered getting out of the bed, running to him and throwing herself on her knees, pleading for his forgiveness and begging him to simply love her.
And knew if she did, she would never forgive herself.
It wasn’t she was afraid to beg for him or to him.
She could and would do that in a split second – she would gladly crawl across the room and plead with him to forgive her, to never leave her.
But she knew if she did that and he accepted her, she would always wonder whether it was because she threw herself at him like some broken insecure girl or whether he truly forgave her.
It was a stupid doubt and she knew it, but it would haunt her if she did.
So she cried.
Into a pillow already wet with her tears, she sobbed more, wondering what she could do to make this whole terrible nightmare go away.
Suddenly she stopped and slowly sat up.
Wiping her eyes in the darkness, sniffling and swallowing hard, Tatiana suddenly saw everything very clearly.
And she made decisions.
She wasn’t going to lose him.
She would not surrender.
She was not going to simply roll over like some weakling without any pride and give up.
And she wouldn’t let that bitch, Mars, win.
She didn’t know how, but Tatiana decided in a split second she would not move out, nor would she let him move one of her things from this place. She would not simply accept whatever they decided to do to them.
She had no intention of letting them harm her and she especially wasn’t going to let them touch him.
She shivered slightly as she took a deeper breath.
Tatiana, in that moment alone in her bedroom in the cool Texas air, became the woman she was when she came into this program – the woman she was that fateful day in that small, deserted village in the cold and snow.
She would not give up without a fight to the death if need be.
She would do exactly what they both agreed to do that first night in the bar.
She would complete the training and she would go to Mars.
She would complete the mission and come home.
And somehow through all of it, she would keep Bryce in her life.
She would convince him she was real and she wanted him.
She would marry him if he would just have her and she would make sure nothing ever threatened or harmed him in any possible way ever again.
The tears came again.
She just didn’t know if he wanted her.
She lay back down, hating the long weekend facing them, sobbing once again softly.
Sleep came slowly to Tatiana Melankov that night.

*****

In the front room, Bryce heard her sobbing.
He wanted to go to her so badly, to tell her he wanted to marry her and to forget Mars.
But she had said it clearly.
If she did that, she would always wonder.
And so Mars won.
She was going to move out and take his heart with her.
He wasn’t even sure he wanted to go on the mission at all now.
How would he deal with her on that planet, wanting to love her, yet knowing how she felt? 
He honestly wondered how he could command a ship and a crew for so long with her next to him every day and not hold her each night.
Reassignment wasn’t an option.
He would be terrified if she were somewhere else and came into danger.
How could he be there to protect her?
And if they started up the romance again on Mars, would it be strong enough to survive the rumors, the innuendos, or the headlines in the rags on the internet?
The crew would stand by them, but there would be several hundred others who wouldn’t have any allegiance. 
Suddenly his own words came back to haunt him - the job was the job.
If he couldn’t play by his own rules on Earth, how was he ever going to play by those same rules on a planet a lifetime away?
When it came down to it, he didn’t make both of them play by those rules because he didn’t want to play by those rules.
He knew she loved him, but he also knew he had let her down.
And they both paid the price for his failure.
He truthfully couldn’t even answer honestly at that moment when they actually asked him if he could command the unit on Mars whether his heart was into the mission anymore.
And that was the toughest part he had to face.
He had spent so long in the chair that evening once he came home, doing nothing but questioning his own desire to finish the training.
He was aware of her trying to talk to him, but he was so focused on trying to figure out what he really wanted, he deliberately ignored her.
It hurt so bad to do that, but Bryce knew he had to get his own feelings back under control.
After she went to bed, Bryce pulled out the one carat, emerald-cut diamond engagement ring, staring at it for so long and wanting to know just what to do.
Like her, it was absolutely stunning, perched in its white-gold, twisted vine setting and highlighted by two half-carat diamonds on either side and a pair of quarter-caret diamonds on either side of those. It caught the light, the diamonds refracting the light into a myriad of rainbow colors.
He had every intention of taking her to the beach this weekend and proposing to the woman as the sun rose on Sunday morning.
That wasn’t happening now, he thought, as he closed the box, sending the ring into darkness once again.
His own heart was broken.
When she spoke those words in the hallway, it seemed his heart had simply stopped.
For so long, he didn’t know what to do.
Part of him wanted to drop to one knee and beg her to marry him while another wanted to simply plead with her to not leave him.
He wanted her to know he could handle anything they could throw at him, as long as she was in his life. 
He could survive whatever the world would drop on his shoulders and he would protect her from that world.
Then she said those words.
They pierced his heart like a dagger, tearing it in two pieces.
All he could do, in the end, was simply walk away. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to say something.
He just didn’t know what to say.
And so he walked away – to try and figure out how to tell her how much she meant to him.
And how little Mars meant.
Mars won.
When she walked through the door, Bryce fully expected her to begin packing her things.
He steeled himself for it, prepared to not fall apart and cry like a little boy when she took that first armload of her belongings from his quarters.
Yet she didn’t.
It made sense.
They had a long weekend and she could get a fresh start in the morning – it would allow her to finish it all in a day.
Could he help her? 
Bryce knew he should, but he honestly wasn’t sure his body would respond.
Every item removed would be like tearing off a piece of his heart.
And, in the end, what would be left?
Finally, he simply stood, turned out the lights and lay down on the couch.
Still in his uniform, he hadn’t even taken off his shoes.
And he didn’t care.
If he lost her, he wasn’t sure he wouldn’t just simply resign and move back to Colorado.
Maybe the mountains could console him.
Maybe, in the solitude of the high Rockies, under the deep blue sky and among the tall pines, the jagged rock and the deep snow, he could find peace once again in his life.
But he knew, without her, it probably wouldn’t happen.
He would end up dying.
Angry, alone and afraid.
If God didn’t take him, Bryce knew he would succumb to his own pain.
He suddenly realized a man could die from a broken heart.
And he would.
It terrified him that he could love someone so deeply, so completely that life was meaningless without her in it.
But he knew it was true.
He lay in the quiet darkness of the front room, listening to the love of his life sob softly in a room barely twenty feet away from him.
Yes, he realized, if he didn’t do something, he would die angry…and alone…and afraid.
Afraid something would happen to her and he wouldn’t have been there to protect her.
It was at that moment, Bryce Tyrell made a decision.
His jaw tightened as he took a breath, determination suddenly filling him.
He wasn’t going to lose her.
He couldn’t help her move out if she chose to do that, but he would damn well try everything to keep her from lifting one thing and taking it away.
If she intended to finish this mission, then he would complete this damn training.
He would go to that damned red planet and he would command the team with her by his side so he could make sure nothing happened to her.
He would finish it, make sure she returned safe and he would find a way to make sure she knew how much he loved her.
Then, once they were safe and home again, he would marry her.
Damn the military, damn Mars and damn anything that tried to stand in his way.
He loved Tatiana Melankov and he would have her in his life forever.
If he could just convince her to forgive him for being weak this one time.
It would be the last time he was ever weak and let something hurt her.
If he could just convince her he was worth her love.
“No,” He muttered under his breath.
It wasn’t if.
He could.
He could or he would die.
Alone and afraid.
He would make this work.
He had no choice.
Bryce lay there, staring at the ceiling yet seeing nothing in the quiet darkness, realizing Tatiana had finally fallen asleep
It was a long time before he dozed off.

*****

26 AUGUST 2052; 1000 HOURS 
EXPLORER SIMULATION LAB NUMBER FOUR
SHIMMERMAN TRAINING CENTER, HOUSTON, TEXAS, U.S.A.

The technician snapped the buckle in place then pulled the strap tight across Bryce’s shoulder.
“You’re both strapped in,” He commented as he backed out of the cockpit, setting switches and systems for the simulation. “We’ll begin in about fifteen.”
Bryce watched the instrument panel readings adjusting themselves for the upcoming simulation, trying to get some idea of what they might throw at them. Beside him, Tatiana continued running her checklists, neither saying anything.
It had been a long two weeks.
Neither spoke to the other except as absolutely necessary, both simply moving around in his quarters and avoiding the other for the most part.
Several times, their eyes would make contact and he swore she wanted to say something.
And just as it seemed she would, that curtain of silence would descend, her face would fall and she would turn away.
There were times when he wanted to say something, but couldn’t bring himself to.
Her words kept coming back to him.
During the entire time, Tatiana had made no effort to move her things out and Bryce was relieved at the end of each day she didn’t. But it was taking a toll on him and his nerves were frayed, always wondering if the next day would be the day.
As a result, he spent many nights awake, listening to the deafening quiet of the room and frequently hearing her softly sob.
The worst had been the Monday morning following that first weekend.
They usually showered together every morning before going to training, taking the time to caress and scrub each other – sharing a tender moment before both had to go to the complex.
That didn’t happen that morning.
Both showered independent of each other and, in fact, Bryce didn’t even enter the bathroom until she was finished, taking the time instead to gather his uniform and other things he would need and put them in the front room.
Not a word was spoken the rest of the morning and Bryce left early, taking the public transport to the complex and leaving her their vehicle.
In the warmth of the Texas sunrise, he considered many of the things he decided Friday night and reaffirmed in his own mind to follow through.
Eventually they would need to talk and he needed the time alone to figure out how to let her know it would all be alright.
He just didn’t have the words yet.
It was a pattern both had settled into for the past two weeks.
The silence and tension affected the crew as well.
The training fell off and their scores, as well as the scores of the team, suffered.
The crew fell from being the top crew to being one of the lowest scoring teams both weeks and Bryce knew things had to change or all of them would be in jeopardy soon.
It wasn’t just the lack of coordination between himself and Tatiana – Bryce could see the crew slowly picking sides in a war that didn’t even exist.
Fortunately, they were in a break period and not taking simulator rides or the lack of cohesiveness would be even more apparent.
But that was about to end as well.
This morning was the first ride of the next phase and it would be a commander-deputy commander only ride.
If he and Tatiana kept up the silent treatment in a ride, Bryce knew for sure it would be a long, very unproductive and very painful training event.
And it could very well end either one’s chance to, at the very least, remain in a command position.
Bryce woke up that morning tired and sore, no different that he had each morning the past two weeks.
It wasn’t so much the couch as it was his nerves and the tension in the relationship. He sat up and yawned, listening to see if she was awake yet.
The alarm hadn’t rung yet and the room was still dark as he sat, wondering what this day would bring.
It had to be earlier than five a.m., he figured, and he considered laying back down.
Reaching over, Bryce turned on the light and was immediately startled.
Across from him sat Tatiana, wide awake and staring at him.
Dressed in a cutoff white cotton tank top and panties, she sat, knees spread slightly and leaning forward with her elbows on each knee, hands hanging free.
Her face offered him nothing to tell Bryce what she might be thinking.
They watched each other for the longest time, the stillness in the room like a blanket with only the single table lamp offering any light.
So many thoughts raced through his head, but the look in her eyes defied any conclusions he could make and so he sat, watching her and saying nothing.
Finally, she looked down, then rose and left the room, padding lightly out of sight and never saying a word or making any type of sound.
For just a split second, Bryce considered going after her and telling her how he felt.
And then stopped himself, reaching over and turning the light back out as he heard the shower start.
Just as he had the past two weeks, Bryce showered after her and left early, catching the shuttle to the training complex, then taking the long walk from the training building to the simulator complex.
A cold front had settled in the night before and the sky was filled with low grey clouds but the crisp, cool air was refreshing.
A gentle breeze was blowing and he felt better than he had in a long time, arriving at the simulation facility almost two hours before they were scheduled to start.
Finding the simulator empty, Bryce seated himself in the command chair, going through the motions of completing the checklists, but really not paying much attention to what he was doing.
The cockpit of the simulator was an identical operational duplicate of an Explorer flight deck from the access hatch forward.
Set-up to offer three dimensional responses up to ninety degrees in any direction, the simulator would perform exactly as they expected the ship to fly on Mars.
On one occasion, Bryce had set the trainer on its nose and the feeling of staring straight down and hanging in the straps had actually unnerved him for a moment.
It was only a test, but it drove home just how badly the simulator would allow him to screw up.
He often joked it smelled just like the real thing would probably smell – a slightly oily smell one could only find in a room of mechanical and electronic equipment as the cooling air flowed through the systems and out the vents.
With the added computers in a room behind the cockpit simulator, the air was always a bit cold and Tatiana had joked they did it deliberately to prepare the crews for Mars.
Once, before the training session started, she had remarked the place smelled of old hamburgers and tacos, alluding to what she called the less than desirable personal traits of other crews sitting in the simulator for the four to six hour ‘rides’, as they were affectionately known.
After that, she always brought an air freshener and hung it in the cockpit, more as a joke than anything else.
This morning, as Bryce sat in the chair, illuminated only by the soft glow of video screens and LED indicators, he wondered how this ride was going to go.
The two of them had a streak of perfect scores going into this break and seemed to know what the other was going to do before words could be spoken.
It had both baffled and irritated the trainers as Bryce and Tatiana seemed to thwart all their best scenarios, finding a way through the ancillary bullshit, as Bryce called it, to hone in on the real problem and solve the crisis.
There was even a running bet that Bryce and Tatiana would buy a full-blown steak dinner at one of the priciest restaurants in Houston for the training crew that could trip them up enough to fail a critical scenario.
Although every other crew had failed at least once, no one had succeeded thus far in finding a way to trip them up.
Bryce was wondering if today would be the day.
Tatiana came in with the techs about thirty minutes before the start of the ride, sitting down and getting settled in without a word.
She opened her checklists as the techs adjusted her straps and hooked up her comm and sensor links to her helmet.
Once she was fully connected and her systems integrated into the simulator systems, they moved to Bryce, assisting him with his helmet and the straps securing him to the seat.
This morning, there was no air freshener.
Usually, the two of them would exchange light banter with each other and the techs, challenging the training crew to see if they would be the ones to win the dinner bet and exchanging looks with each other.
None of that happened this morning and the techs left them alone, wondering what was up and curious if the rumors were true.
For several long minutes, Bryce sat there, staring at the instruments as they synchronized.
Finally, he flipped his comm on.
“Control, I need a moment,” He called out.
“Roger,” Came the reply, “Let us know when you’re ready. We’re still early.”
“Disconnect internal comm and video.” Bryce directed Tatiana and she completed the task mechanically and without acknowledgement.
Once he was sure he and Tatiana were isolated from the control cab, Bryce sat for a moment in the silence, then quietly spoke to her, hating it had to be done on the crew comm.
“Can you hear me?” He asked.
She nodded rather than replying.
“You know I love you. I’ve never stopped loving you.”
For a long time, Bryce heard only silence.
He sat there watching the instruments and wondering if she even heard him.
“I love you too.”
It was almost a whisper.
“You’re not moving out,” He spoke softly. “I won’t let you.” He had to take a breath. “I can’t let you.”
“I don’t want to. I can’t go.”
“You know I need you.”
“I know,” He thought he heard a soft sob. “Do you know I need you too.”
Quiet once again filled their helmets for another long moment before he heard her ask, “What are they going to do to us?”
“Nothing,” Bryce said softly, but defiantly. “They’re going to leave us alone because we’re not giving them anything more to beat us up over.”
There was a long moment before her voice came through, sounding more like a frightened young girl than the tough lady he knew. “What do we do?”
“We do exactly what we said we were going to do,” Bryce reassured her. “We do our jobs and we go to Mars. We finish and we come home.” He paused, taking a very deep breath. “And I intend to make you my wife, whether here or there.” His eyes got moist and he cursed the helmet he wore. “But I will make you my wife.”
She said nothing for so long, Bryce began to worry he had said too much.
“Are you proposing to me?” She finally asked timidly.
“No,” He replied, then quickly added. “And yes.”
“I don’t understand.”
“I’m not proposing here,” Bryce said, his words coming out faster than he thought he could speak. “When I propose, you’ll know it, hon. But yes, I want you in my life forever. From this moment on, I never want you away from me.”
She was quiet and he thought he could hear quiet sobs.
“Are you crying?” He asked.
“Yes,” She responded softly. “Yes, I am. And yes I do.”
“You do?”
“I want to be your wife,” She sobbed softly. “I can’t imagine my life without you. Just know that whenever you decide to propose.” Another soft sob. “You can even propose now…I wouldn’t mind.”
Bryce spun the security ring on his wrist and pulled off a glove, then extended his hand to the center console separating them.
Tatiana shifted her own ungloved hand to take his in a grip he thought would crush his fingers.
“Just please don’t ever leave me, Bryce,” Tatiana spoke softly. “Please don’t ever take your love from me.”
“I was going to ask you the same, hon.” He responded. “And no, not here and not now. I want my proposal to be as special as you are to me. I’ll know the right moment.”
Suddenly he heard a sniffle followed by a soft giggle. “You’re lucky, mister.”
It was the old Tatiana in her voice.
“Really?” Bryce asked. “Why?”
“Because if I could get out of these damn straps, I’d show you exactly how much I love you.”
“Honey,” He smiled. “Honey, there’s no curtains on these windows. The folks in the cab might wonder what’s going on.”
“I don’t care,” She responded. “I need you to hold me and promise me you’ll never let me go.”
“As soon as we’re outta here, you have my word,” Bryce promised, then chuckled as he squeezed her hand. “Job is the job, girl. We need to remember that.”
“I know,” She quickly replied. “And I will.” A giggle. “Just as soon as I get done with you if I can get out of these straps.” One hand playfully pulled at the straps while her other hand gripped his a bit tighter. “You don’t know how much I love you.”
“And you don’t know how much I love and need you, hon.”
Both sat there in the silence, the only connection their hands gripped tightly together. Finally, Bryce took a deep breath. “Ready?”
Her response was quick and firm – the old Tatiana he knew was sitting next to him. She unzipped the pocket on her arm and pulled out the air freshener, hanging it in the cockpit. “Absolutely.”
“Reconnect internal comm and video.” Bryce directed her and she responded as she always had.
“Connected.”
He took a deep breath. “Control, I think we’re ready,” He told the trainers in the control cab. “You got something that’s gonna earn you a steak dinner?”
“We’re gonna keep you both wondering what the hell hit you from the start!” Came the confident reply. “We’ve worked hard on this one and I guarantee you’ll be begging us to stop the madness.”
“Well, then,” Tatiana challenged them, her hand releasing Bryce’s, “The freshener’s hanging trying to clear up the God-awful, old taco fart smell in here so bring it on, boys.”
And it started.
Scenario after scenario was thrown at the two, some with multiple problems.
Some of the scenarios were so improbable or even impossible, they defied the common-sense test.
In the control cab, folks continued to gather, watching the two deftly handle each and every problem, sometimes without even speaking.
One supervisor watched for a moment then commented the two seemed to work as one, as if they both had the same brain.
In the last hour, the senior trainer ad-libbed the final scenario in a desperate attempt to throw them off just in case they somehow had figured a way to get access to the rides before they took them.
Finally, almost seven hours later, there would be no steak dinner for the training crew as Bryce and Tatiana exited the mockup of the ship, the rocking sounds of an old Van Halen song echoing through the chamber.
And while the training crew and support staff stayed long after the two had departed, watching and re-watching the video in amazement and wondering how they had seen through every ruse and dead end, Bryce and Tatiana shared a tenderness with each other that evening neither realized was there.
A love deeper than either of them understood blossomed in the darkness of that cool Texas night.
In that darkness as they both held each other tenderly, Tatiana again wondered what it was going to be like to have as many children as he would let her have and be his forever.
And smiled. 

*****
*****

CHAPTER EIGHT

“Adversity is like a strong wind. It tears away from us all but the things that cannot be torn, so that we see ourselves as we really are.”

Arthur Golden

*****

10 SEPTEMBER 2052; 0953 HOURS 
PRIMARY MISSION CONTROL
CAPE CANAVERAL SPACE CENTER, FLORIDA

The bright sun filled a cloudless sky over the eastern Florida countryside as the giant white booster rocket topped by the autonomous supply ship sat on the launch pad, vapor and exhaust trails exiting from pressure points along the tower and gantries.
A light breeze shifted the fronds of the palm trees gently back and forth, the gentle harbingers of a category five hurricane off to the southeast.
With a bit of luck, the storm would keep on its planned track and begin to turn northward later in the day, skipping the eastern seaboard and harmlessly venting itself into the north Atlantic.
Inside the glass and stainless-steel exterior of the dome on top of the NASA Administration Building sat the men and women manning the NASA Primary Mission Control or PMC.
Far from baking in the hot Florida sun, the panes of glass separating the PMC from the environment outside could not only withstand the force of a Category Five Plus Hurricane, they could automatically lighten or darken according to the amount of light available, always maintaining a well-lit interior to the Control room.
Combined with the latest high-density air conditioning and handling systems from Polar Air Ice Systems, the PMC maintained a constant and very comfortable sixty-eight degrees with focused air jets – similar to those found on airlines for passenger comfort – at each position.
As an added feature, the center was designed to operate under austere or classified circumstances – a segmented secondary protective dome, designed to seal out the visual, as well as the electromagnetic world and prevent prying eyes from looking in, could be deployed over the first with just the push of a button.
The men and women manning the fiber-optic enabled touchscreen positions used some of the most advanced analytic and monitoring systems in the world, many of them able to project three-dimensional images of the systems they monitored to allow for easy trouble-shooting and monitoring.
With the exception of one fourth of the wall, three layers of high definition plasma screens covered all sides of the dome, presenting information to everyone.
The screens themselves were supplemented by auto-configuring shades, integrated with the auto-darkening features of the dome glass and further equipped with a unique prism system that actually enabled the images to be clear and easily seen, even in the harshest direct sunlight with the secondary cover dome retracted and stored.
The backup of this control room occupied the third floor of NASA’s Jordon Operations Administration Building located in Houston, Texas, in the event the PMC was, in any way, compromised or inoperable.
It had no windows, but the full-wall, multi-segmented high-definition television screens covering each wall could be configured to show the outside environment from a three hundred sixty-degree angle so realistically folks in the JOAB joked the images gave them an eerie and, some said, unnerving sense of being exposed to the outside three stories above ground.
It was said those who were not fond of heights would get queasy if they paid too much attention to the images.
Overseeing all of this, Rick Gaylord, Launch Director for the mission, sat contentedly in his chair, absentmindedly toying with a stylus as he chewed on a toothpick.
From his vantage point centered on the raised last row of the control center, he could easily see every position surrounding and below his position.
He also had a clear view of all the information screens and, with the multi-line phone system before him, had direct comm-links to anyone he could possibly have a need to speak with inside or outside the PMC or JOAB.
Watching the flurry of activity surrounding him at the moment, he took a deep breath, then sipped the hot coffee from the old ceramic antique mug, the worn Apollo Eleven patch on its side.
Few drank the liquid anymore, most heeding the warnings of bodily damage and other catastrophic consequences should they decide to enjoy the robust flavor.
Rick both ignored and laughed at the labels, reminding everyone who wondered why he drank coffee that almost every food they ate, drank or otherwise put in their bodies now had some dire warning of impending doom and disaster attached to it.
He loved to point out that coffee had been a drink for literally hundreds of years along with beer, another forbidden drink and one which he also enjoyed immensely.
It was a real pain in the ass he was forced to brew his own coffee, but the taste from his unique blend was more than worth it.
Fortunately he still didn’t have to brew his own beer…yet.
“Start automatic ground launch sequencer”
“Ground launch sequencer started,” Came the response over the loudspeakers in the Visitor Center above the Mission Control Room as General Johanson and his staff watched the coordinated chaos unfold.
“T-Minus seven minutes and counting”
“Retract payload access arm,” Rick commanded, taking another sip of the dark liquid.
A moment later came the response. “Payload access arm retracted.”
“Security sweep completed.”
In another building less than a mile away, security controllers immediately queried manned posts, interrogated security nets and reviewed all data being received from literally thousands of sensors, cameras, and other security devices.
After just moments reviewing all the information she had available to her, the Chief of Security pressed a response button on her console, initiating an automated response to the PMC command.
“Sweep completed, negative results.” Came the response a fraction of a moment later over the PMC speakers.
“Start auxiliary power units,” Rick commanded, taking a sip of his coffee and smiling.
This was beginning to feel like it would be a picture perfect launch.
Though he already knew the status of every system on the rocket and in the supply ship simply by looking at the status panel in front of him – the Christmas Tree as he and the other launch directors referred to the brightly colored panel – it still thrilled him, as it had every Launch Director before him, to run through the ages-old checklist, listening to each Manager offer the status or repeat a command.
It had been a tradition carried on since the early days of those first ventures into space and it was more than just a tradition – there was something magical in the sound of the human voice assuring him all systems were performing as expected.
Rick took a sip as the countdown proceeded.
“T-minus five minutes and counting.”
Mentally he checked off the next step on the paper checklist lying on the desk before him – another anachronism from a bygone era he kept alive, if only for himself – even as the words came out of his mouth, “Arm solid booster range safety devices.” 
The range officer’s voice sang out over the comm, “Solid rocket booster range safety devices armed. All show green.”
“Range data gathering system on.”
“All range data gatherings systems on and functioning. We have clear images and good data streams.”
Rick turned and stared out at the gleaming rocket perched on the pad, the tower now well-away as it vented excess fuel and other gas.
The NASA emblem, as well as the emblems from other agencies along with the mission emblem for this specific mission – the five hundredth supply mission to Serenity – gleamed in their fresh paint along every side of the booster.
This particular booster, once it settled back onto the recovery pad, was not destined to be quickly re-hab’d and sent back up on another mission.
It was already preordained for a prime viewing display in the still-under-construction Mars Mission Museum just west of Houston, to be carefully cleaned and purged of any remaining fuel, then wrapped and packed for shipment to a warehouse already replete with Mars Mission memorabilia.
There it would wait for its turn to be unwrapped, reconditioned and repainted, then put on permanent display for the ages to bear witness to.
A recovery team was already standing by to recover the rocket once it landed – about four hours from now. 
“T-minus three minutes”
“Start engine gimbal profile testing.”
Moments later, the senior Manager for the engine program responded, pride clearly in his voice. “Engine gimbal profile test complete. You have a fine set of engines ready to go.” 
“Thanks, Jack,” The Director grinned, then followed his compliment up with the next command. “Retract gas vent arm.”
“Vent arm retracted.”
He watched on the video display as the vent arm, used to heat the liquid oxygen and prevent it from creating ice on the vents by condensing the moisture in the surrounding air, rotated back into place. If there were any type of hold in the sequence, the arm would rotate the cap back against the side of the rocket where it would automatically suction itself back in place and begin heating the venting hole to prevent ice buildup.
Otherwise, it would lock into place at liftoff.
He watched the countdown tick through one minute and ten seconds.
“Here we go, ladies and gentlemen,” He called out, setting his cup down and putting on his white, mission-patch embossed hat – a tradition he’d done for every one of his two hundred ninety-nine successful launches thus far with no failures.
It was an enviable record no other Director dreamed they could eclipse.
Once the bird was launched and successfully achieved orbit, Rick would get the signature of every man and woman in the center, then carefully set the cap into an acrylic box to preserve it. Along with the hat would be a picture of the crew in the center and a small book recording who each person was, what they did and anything they might want to add. The books were always laid under the hat, preserved for the ages with the words they offered to the future.
His wife had laughed at first then simply shook her head in amazement as each clear box was added to the collection.
Just that morning over breakfast, she asked nonchalantly what he intended to do with the collection.
He wasn’t quite sure what he was preserving each of the other two hundred ninety-nine hats as well as this one for, but maybe someday…
And he was still going, He thought, smiling.
He might have to pick up some more of the acrylic boxes and little books.
And build another room to his home.
A hat collection room.
He grinned, imagining her expression already.
“Transfer from ground to internal power.”
“T-minus fifty seconds.”
“Ground to internal power transfer complete. Green on the system.”
He checked the electronic Christmas tree on his glass console anyway, noting with satisfaction every system was either green or performing well within specifications. 
“Ground launch sequencer go for auto sequence start.”
“T-minus thirty seconds.”
“Sequencer go for auto-sequence start.”
“Activate launch pad sound suppression system.”
“Suppression system activated.”
“Activate main engine fuel burn-off system”
T-minus ten seconds.” 
“Main engine fuel burn-off system activated.”
“Eight.”
“Seven.”
“Main engine start.”
“Four.”
“Three.”
“Two.”
“One.”
He watched the screen as the main engines ignited and the rocket hesitated for a split second as the locks holding it in place released and it settled onto the pad then began to rise into the air, picking up speed as it went.
“Liftoff…We have liftoff of the five hundredth supply mission to Serenity Space Station.” The soft feminine voice enunciated over the loudspeakers in the PMC and in the JOAB, on loudspeakers all around the base and over the multiple media outlets covering this historic launch.
At this point, the commands and replies on the comm system were automatically being generated and replied to by artificial intelligence systems and so he simply watched as the rocket gracefully lifted into the clear sky, enjoying the spectacle of his three hundred and first successful launch.
It was a magnificent sight, the trail of flame pushing the rocket higher and higher.
They were cleaner burning than previous versions and the flames were definitely brighter than their predecessors, but they were just as magnificent now as they were that first launch so very long ago.
“Go for rotate.” The human-like AI voice commanded.
“Go for rotate.” Came the AI response.
Suddenly, before his eyes, the rocket seemed to jerk to one side and then exploded in a mass of red, yellow and orange flame, grey and black smoke and debris.
It hung there in the air for a moment, the angry ball of flame expanding outward as the upper portion of the rocket arced up and then began a slow and lazy curve before starting in a downward descent, pieces of debris joining it in its plunge into the Atlantic.
“We have a problem…we have a problem at twenty-one seconds into the launch…”
The long pause was punctuated by a secondary explosion, followed by a third along the path of the falling debris.
Stunned silence filled the room as techs and managers simply stood up from their positions and watched in horror as the rocket continued to destroy itself, the debris cloud still falling even as some pieces arced higher into the sky before beginning their inevitable descent.
Outside, klaxons begin to wail as men and women began to run to their assigned positions in response to the signal.
Two sleek helicopters flew low over the Mission Control, headed directly out to where the debris continued to impact the water surface.
As soon as the all-clear signal was given, divers would be in the water along with manned submersibles and remotes to assess the wreckage and begin recovering anything they could find.
“We’ve lost contact with the ship…”
The Director ripped off his ear unit and tossed it onto his desk.
Two hundred ninety-nine missions.
The record stopped there.
From his vantage point, he had a clear view through the three-story glass windows of the Mission Control as the largest piece of debris struck the ocean, the splash huge, vivid and white against the deep blue of the water.
Even at this distance, he could make out smaller splashes as more and more of the doomed spacecraft and booster rockets hit the surface of the ocean.
Unable to bear watching the spectacle any longer he turned around.
“I want all data streams archived and logs collected.”
“What happened?” His Deputy Launch Director, Heidi Everett, asked, her voice almost a whisper.
“I don’t know,” he replied. “But we need to get everything collected if we’re gonna find out.”
She seemed to snap from her stupor. “I’ll get on it.”
“Form up the Alpha team,” He added, staring down at the half-filled coffee mug and tossing the doomed mission baseball hat on the desk next to it. “I want to meet in half an hour. Let’s get started.”
As she headed off to begin the coordination process and gather the necessary data, Rick turned and watched more debris continue to impact the ocean.
Almost three hundred missions.
Damn.

*****

10 SEPTEMBER 2052; 1300 HOURS 
OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR OF SECURITY
CAPE CANAVERAL SPACE CENTER, FLORIDA

“Right there…see it?” 
“I just don’t see it,” Remarked the Colonel. “What the hell are you looking at?”
“Just a minute, Sir,” The Chief Master Sergeant’s fingers flew on the glass keyboard, sliding the video image back to a specific point, then enlarging a precise point on the surface of the ocean. “Now watch…I’m going to take it a one twentieth of the actual speed.”
He hit a button and the screen seemed to almost imperceptibly change.
“My God,” The Colonel muttered under his breath, “Play that back and pause it.”
The Sergeant did as he was ordered and the Colonel pointed to the spot on the image where the ocean seemed to bulge then split open.
Yet nothing was actually in the image to cause the disturbance in the surface.
“Right there,” He looked at the Sergeant, “Is that what I think it is?”
“Sure looks like it.”
“How can we be sure, Chief?”
“We can’t, Sir,” The Sergeant responded. “At least until we recover a piece of it.” He advanced the video a number of frames, then put a circle around what appeared to be a smudge on the picture frame in the middle of the sky. “But I’ll bet a paycheck that’s what it is.” 
“And who found this?” 
“McClosky, Sir,” The Sergeant responded proudly, printing the frame along with the previous one they viewed. “Young Airman. Works in the video analysis section.”
“How did he see this?”
“He said he thought the rocket jerked slightly before it exploded, as if something had impacted it,” The Chief explained. “The others told him it was just a malfunction, but he kept at it.” He looked at the frame once again. “I have to admit I thought he was on drugs when he brought this to me a few minutes ago, but fact is, he developed the analysis and figured out the only thing that could explain it.”
“A ZNX-43.”
“Looks like one, Yes, Sir.”
“Could it be anything else?”
The Chief shook his head. “No, Sir. Nothing out there like it.”
“Make sure he gets a medal…make it an MSM. I’ll approve it myself and make sure the General endorses it personally.”
“I’ll get on it, Sir.”
“Do the dive teams know what to look for?”
The Sergeant picked up the comm-link. “I had to have your OK before I can divert them.”
“Do it.” The Colonel took a harder look at the printed images. “Damn.”
“Recovery Control, this is SecCom Two, Copy.”
SecCom Two, Go.”
“Clear from ComSec to divert dive teams from recovery to search.”
“What are they looking for?” Came the reply
“Missile parts.”
There was a very long pause. “Chief, that’s what we’re recovering. It exploded.”
The Chief smiled. “It didn’t explode.” He paused, deliberately. “It was shot down. You’re looking for a ZNX-43.”
“You positive?” The voice asked incredulously.
“I will be as soon as you find the evidence.”
“Roger, we’re on it.”

*****

10 SEPTEMBER 2052; 1815 HOURS 
THE WHITE HOUSE, WASHINGTON, D.C.

 “That’s right, Mr. President,” General Johanson concluded his briefing, “What you see here is a tailfin from a ZNX-43,” He paused, looking at his notes once more. “We’ve also recovered parts of the main body of the missile and what we believe may be the part of the ACM. Our analysts believe it’s a Mod five.”
“ACM?” Meredith Burney, Director of the FBI, asked.
“Active Camouflage Modulation,” The General explained. “It’s basically a skin on the missile that duplicates the image one hundred eighty degrees opposite and portrays that image to the viewer.” He paused a moment. “It’s what makes the missile seem invisible.”
“How?” She asked. “At that speed, how can it do that?”
“Ultra-high speed micro-processors.” The General replied.
“Fred,” Arthur Kilsen looked at the General, his hands templed as he rested his elbows on the arm of the chair. “I thought the 43’s were only UAAF.”
“That’s true.” The General nodded.
“Then this is UAAF?”
Before the General could answer, the Director of the CIA, Brian Zimbest, interrupted. “We haven’t made that connection, Mr. President. We don’t have enough information yet.”
“Brian,” The President looked at him. “I can clearly see the missile fin in the picture up there sitting on the floor of the ocean.” He paused. “And that damn well looks like the same one as the one sitting on the desk next to the General,” He pointed a finger toward a piece of the debris already retrieved from the debris field now sitting on a desk in front of them. “In fact, the one in the picture and that one both have the same bent tip and the same scrapes.”
“Mr. President, I…”
“So, Mr. Zimbest, am I wrong in assuming the missile fin in the picture and the fin sitting in this room are one and the same.”
“Yes, Mr. President, they appear to be one and the same.” The Director agreed as the General watched, a smug look on his face.
“And that fin IS from a ZNX-43, am I correct?” The President asked.
“Yes, Sir. It appears to be a ZNX-43 tailfin.”
“Mr. Zimbest,” The President untempled his hands and leaned forward in his chair. “Is the General wrong when he stated the only country we know of who developed and has tested prototypes of the ZNX-43 is currently allied with the UAAF?” 
“He was correct, Mr. President.” The Director agreed.
“Then,” Arthur Kilsen began, his voice low, but raising in anger and volume as he continued. “How the hell am I wrong in asking if this damn thing was part of a UAAF attack?” 
“Mr. President, we just don’t know…” The Director tried to argue.
“Don’t know what, Brian?” The President demanded as the others in the room remained absolutely quiet. “Don’t know if it was a UAAF attack or don’t know if the UAAF handed this over to someone else?” He watched the Director for a moment, his anger both formidable and unrelenting. “What exactly don’t we know?”
“Mr. President, may I say something?” Meredith Burney spoke up.
“If you can somehow clarify my apparent lack of understanding here of what appears to be a logical assumption and straightforward questions, yes,” The President responded sharply. “Otherwise, no.”
She took a deep breath, ignoring the insult and forming her response in her mind. “What we don’t know is if the attack was from a UAAF platform,” She paused. “Or if the UAAF has, indeed, offered the technology to someone else to act as their proxy. We don’t even know if this is, in fact, from the missile that impacted the bird.”
The President turned to her. “Let’s assume there’s no other reason for a piece of a ZNX-43 to be lying on the floor of the ocean off the Cape right off the shore of the United States of America. Who would the UAAF have offered the technology to?”
“Al Mumit”
Stunned silence filled the room.
“Why on Earth…” Asked Vice President Jack Swanson.
“The enemy of my enemy is my friend,” General Johanson spoke softly. “It makes sense.”
“I don’t understand,” Jack looked at the General. “What makes sense?”
“We know the UAAF has been trying to do their best to derail the Mars Project,” The General began, looking at the picture on the screen and his notes. “We also know Houston was their best shot so far and they did their level best to camouflage that attack.” He picked up a smaller part of debris, turning it over in his hand. “And we know Al Mumit has repeatedly claimed it would attack the U.S. any chance it could…and has in the past.”  He looked at the piece of debris for a moment, flipping it over and examining the other side. “If I were the UAAF and I wanted to attack us but keep my hands clean, why not use Al Mumit the way they used the USIA?”
“Explain.” The President replied, simply.
“If the UAAF wanted to attack the mission but not be held accountable…”
“Why would they not want to be accountable?” Brian Zimbest asked.
“Because every nation not already involved in this damn war would become involved if the UAAF directly attacked the project.” Jack Swanson finished his own thoughts aloud. “So they use proxies every chance they can for culpable deniability.”
“But they shot the rocket down!” Brian exclaimed.
“Still unproven fact. And we would have never known,” The General responded, a smile on his face. “Except for the diligence of one young airman who didn’t take no for an answer.”
“Huh?” The CIA Director looked at the General.
“Rockets blow up often enough, we don’t look for causes other than to say malfunction,” The Secretary of Defense, Marsha Kimball, responded. “So, when we go looking for the debris…”
“We already assume a malfunction…”
“And in a debris field already full of parts and pieces from other mishaps and the genuine test firings of every conceivable type of missile and rocket…” The Director of NASA, Donald Gordman, added.
“We don’t pay attention to anything except the rocket that just malfunctioned,” Brian Zimbest concluded.
“Especially if we’re not looking for a rocket that seems to disappear once it’s fired.” General Johanson concluded for everyone.
“Damn.” President Kilsen stared at the men and women in the room. “And if you get Al Mumit to do your dirty work…”
“They’re more than willing to die if necessary and you achieve the objective,” The General answered. “Then we tie up resources against an enemy that wants us to engage them and not against the true attacker.”
“How did they launch this?” The President asked the assembled cabinet.
“Sub,” Replied General Johanson. “Only way.”
The others nodded agreement.
“Al Mumit?” The President asked.
“They’ve never owned a sub,” Brian Zimbest smugly remarked, pleased he had finally offered something no one realized.
“Actually,” General Johanson corrected him. “Al Mumit picked up a sub from the UAAF some time ago.”
“When?” The CIA Director stared at the General in disbelief. “And why wasn’t I told?”
“We had intel on it almost immediately,” General Johanson responded nonchalantly. “It’s an old Gargoyle-class reconnaissance sub. We thought the damn thing was retired by the French but the Navy picked up its signature about six months after it was dry-docked and the weapons removed. Looked like a shake-out cruise.” He stared at the Director. “We thought your boys knew.”
“Dammit!” The Director looked at the President.
“Enough of this bickering, people,” The President stood giving both the General and the Director glaring looks. “Either my cabinet begins working together or every one of you can turn in your damn resignations right this minute.”
“Mr. President,” Mr. Zimbest tried to continue.
“I said enough!” The President barked.
Heavy silence filled the room as the President looked at each of them, then back up to the General. “Since you seem to have the most knowledge about just what’s going on, will you please tell the rest of us?”
The General cleared his throat.
“One, we know this is debris from what we believe was a ZNX-43,” He paused, expecting an argument from the CIA Director but receiving none from the sullen, glaring Director. “Two, we know the UAAF has developed a stealthy ground to air missile which has the ability to appear to cloak itself to the casual observer – the ZNX-43,” He paused, taking a sip of water more to collect his thoughts rather than because he needed it. “Finally, while we don’t know whether the actual attack was by UAAF forces or whether they’ve sold or given the technology to someone like Al Mumit, we’re reasonably sure the platform is a sub and could very well be the ex-French sub we thought had been sold to a scrap dealer.”
“What about the UAAF unit that attacked Houston?” Asked the President.
“I’m leaning that way,” Replied the General. “Al Mumit hasn’t said a peep about that.” He stared at all of them. “That, in itself, is significant.”
“For them not to brag would be a first if they had been involved.” The President thought out loud.
“Exactly,” General Johanson replied. “And we know the UAAF tried to make Houston look like USIA.”
“But no word from either the home-growns or Al Mumit.” The President countered.
“Because they’ve been told to stand down and Al Mumit was never involved.” Replied the General.
“Circumstantial evidence,” Brian Zimbest offered. “We spend hours like this…arguing…without being able to make a solid decision.”
“And they keep attacking using new disguises…” The President finished the analysis.
“But we do know,” The General smiled. “And that’s our ace up the sleeve.”
“We just have to decide how to use what we know.” Don Scranton, Secretary of State, offered. “So what do we do?” he asked the group. “I’m gonna have my hands full explaining this one if we don’t intend to let the cat out of the bag.”
“We wait,” Replied the General. “I’ll bet the son of a bitches will try again. I have a funny itch that tells me this was a practice run.”
“Pretty damn bold for a practice run.” Remarked the FBI Director.
“Exactly,” The General replied. “They want to see if we figured it out yet or if they got away with another one.”
“If that’s true, then we can’t launch,” Don Gordman exclaimed. “I’m not putting men and women in harm’s way to let those bastards shoot ‘em down like clay targets.”
“I agree, Don,” The President agreed calmly, pouring another cup of coffee, then turned to face the General. “So how do we do this?”
“You can launch when you choose to, Don,” The General stared at the group. “On top of tightening security, we’ll make sure we put enough sensors, sensor rings and surveillance ships around the site, I’ll be able to tell you every object bigger than a Goldfish that goes in and out.”
“Will it work?” The President asked
“Damn straight it will.” The General replied emphatically. “I’ll have hunter-killer units in the water waiting. I’ve already started the planning.”
“Fine,” President Kilsen nodded. “Get started, but you make absolutely sure no one sees anything and no one knows what you’re doing. Keep your staff tight.”
As his cabinet started to rise, he raised his voice slightly. “As for this incident, as far as anyone outside this room is concerned, it was, in fact, a malfunction. If those bastards want to try again, I want to catch them and then I’ll deal with whoever they are.” He looked to his NASA Director. “Don, you create whatever story works but I don’t want to hear shoot-down, missile or anything else in it.”
“You realize we’re playing with people’s lives here.” Don said, not expecting an answer.
The President nodded. “I know.” He paused a long minute watching his staff. “It’s a burden I bear because it’s the decision I’ve made.”
Gordman nodded as the President turned to the CIA Director.
“Brian…I want the world to believe we still think it was a bunch of radical home growns responsible for the Tri-City attacks. As for this, spread the word we’re baffled,” Kilsen directed. “Put it out every way you can but don’t make it obvious. If this is UAAF, I want them thinking we have no clue.”
“What about that?” The CIA Director pointed to the debris on the table.
“Old stuff from long ago or junk from recent tests,” Don Gordman offered as he shut down his pad. “I’ll drop the story the debris we’ve been able to find has yielded nothing or it was old debris and wasn’t able to help us explain the malfunction. I’ll box it up along with a copy of everything we have and deliver it to your desk, Meredith.”
“I have someone ready for it,” She replied. “I’ll also get a tiger team set up to begin developing the case.”
“Tight control.” The President commented.
“Hand selected,” She responded. “Only those I can personally vouch for.” She gazed at the rest. “Start sending me whatever you may have.”
Everyone nodded in agreement.
“There you go,” The President concluded. “Thank you all for coming this evening.”

*****

14 SEPTEMBER 2052; 2230 HOURS
HOUSTON, TEXAS, U.S.A.

“Bryce, we need to get some sleep.” She fought off his advances half-heartedly, a smile on her face as she rolled her back to him a bit more in the quiet of the darkened bedroom.
The cool breeze wafted through the curtains, the warm Texas night comfortable.
Crickets chirped in the darkness outside their window as moonlight flooded through, offering no hint of the soft light rain forecast for the morning.
He persisted, whispering her name as he nuzzled her neck, his playful kisses toying with the wisps of her hair.
Slipping his hand under her cut-off cotton tank top, he slid his fingers along the side of her full breast, softly caressing the skin as he continued his gentle assault on her neck and shoulder.
Her breath quickened and her soft plea was half-hearted at best, the smile on her face a dead give-away of her own building desire.
“Pozhalusta.” Please.
Kissing her ear as he slid his hand over that breast, he cupped it and gently pulled her closer to him, whispering her name.
Almost unconsciously, she molded her body to his under the light sheet cover, shifting herself so that her tight ass pressed firmly against his hardened manhood and slightly shifting her legs.
Bryce adjusted his position and his hands in response, sliding the other one under her body and cupping the other breast gently while the first slid down her slim muscular body.
He paused just a moment before smoothly sliding the hand under the elastic band of her pajama bottom.
“Bryce, you’re insatiable. You had me when we got home,” she cooed in her soft Russian accent, snuggling in tighter. “And in the shower this morning.”
He quietly kept up his attack and she whimpered as his fingers danced on her body just above her sex, making little circles and edging so close.
She wanted him as much now as she did the previous two times that day, but she tried to be angry anyway.
“Bryce Tyrell, don’t try your little cuddle-fuck tricks with me. Besides, we have the final checks tomorrow.” She sternly whispered.
A low moan escaped her lips as he relentlessly pressed his advantage, nibbling at her earlobe and kissing her neck as his fingers caressed a tender nipple.
She knew he knew he had her now.
She was helpless to stop what was inevitable.
Unconsciously she whimpered as she gave in, fully aware he was simply toying with his prey and getting ready for the kill.
More out of simple feistiness than for any other reason, she decided to try one last-ditch effort to get back the advantage, though she knew she would not only willingly, but wantonly surrender in the end.
“If I fail that check, Bryce, I won’t forgive….”
The sentence was never finished as Bryce deftly slipped a finger into her, gently caressing the nub of tender flesh.
It was the final straw.
She twisted over, throwing the sheet off as she pushed him on his back, growling playfully as she straddled him then pinned his shoulders down with her hands.
Her soft eyes stared down at him for a brief second in the moonlight streaming through the window before she lowered her face to just above his, smiled and whispered “Ya tebya lyublyu,”. I love you.
Before he could answer, Tatiana attacked him with her mouth, her hands and her body, devouring him in uninhibited lust and passion.

*****

15 SEPTEMBER 2052; 0800 HOURS 
SHIMMERMAN TRAINING CENTER, HOUSTON, TEXAS, U.S.A.

“Ladies and gentlemen,” The Lead Instructor began as each of them sat like college students dreading the handing out of that final exam. “You have before you the exam for the complete course.”
He walked up the stairs then along the lowest semi-circular aisle in the auditorium behind the students.
“This is a comprehensive exam and it contains questions and problems encompassing every section we’ve taught and all you have learned both in the classroom, in the trainer and in the laboratories.” Another long pause. “It has been deliberately designed to create as much stress as we can induce.”
He stopped and stared at them. “Make no mistake. It’s designed to make you fail.”
Bryce stared at the thick package laying before him, sealed along three edges and bound on the fourth.
It had to be at least an inch thick.
He stole a glance around the tiered seating in the auditorium, taking some satisfaction that everyone else seemed to have the identical same look of doom on their faces as the instructor droned on with the instructions.
“…you have exactly eight hours to complete this exam,” The Instructor continued, then smiled. “That’s four hundred eighty minutes. Those who successfully complete the exam will proceed to the final crew check tomorrow. That will most likely be a small number of you. The rest of you…those who do not pass this exam…will proceed home.” He waited a long minute. “Power up your pads and ensure the pad is charging.”
Bryce pulled the electronic pad from its slot in the table and powered it up.
It took just a few moments to power up, the charge indicator indicating it had a full charge and was in the charging mode.
“Bring up the final exam answer form.”
Bryce did as directed and the final exam answer form filled the screen.
He quickly scrolled down, then groaned quietly.
Seven hundred fifty questions in four hundred eighty minutes.
Just over half a minute per question.
“Answers can be changed until you press the ‘Submit’ button,” The Instructor continued. “Once you have submitted your answers, your grade is automatically calculated and forwarded to the central data system.” He paused. “Passing is eighty percent. Seventy-nine point nine nine nine is a failure. Eighty percent is exactly six hundred questions, not five hundred ninety nine. Once you finish and your grade is accepted, your screen will turn green or red.”
Waiting for the color scheme to sink in, he walked back to the front of the room, turned and faced them.
“If your screen turns red, you will immediately report to the office marked Departing Personnel in building fourteen hundred, third floor, at sixteen thirty hours today,” He paused. “If your screen turns green, instructions will immediately appear on where and when you will report for the final crew check.”
He stood for a long minute, watching the faces of over four hundred students in the semi-circular auditorium all watching him intently.
“Each of you has a unique test based on your specific skill and job position. Looking at your neighbor will do you no good, nor will looking at anyone’s test below or above you in any direction,” He smiled. “And yes, there are multiple choice, true false, fill in the blank and even a couple of matching matrices thrown in just to make life a bit more enjoyable.” He laughed. “But there are no essays.”
The four hundred surrounding him laughed.
Holding up an example of the test, he slid his finger under one of the seals. “Unseal your test and open the cover to the first page.”
As Bryce opened the book, he was greeted with a complex diagram of various orbits with a series of questions below the diagram.
The Instructor put the book down and paced a bit more in the front as everyone opened their books and settled in.
Stopping as the students settled down and the room quieted once more, he smiled as he faced the gathered group.
“It has been my pleasure and the pleasure of every Instructor here instructing you. I truly wish each and every one of you success. Ladies and gentlemen,” He glanced up at the large electronic clock above and behind him, all digits showing zeros. “This is the official clock above me. The clock will only show minutes and seconds. When it reaches four hundred eighty minutes exactly, your pad, if you have not completed the test, will automatically score your test with each unanswered question registering as a wrong answer.”
He pressed a small button on the remote he held and the clock began to advance, one second at a time.
“You may begin.”

*****

16 SEPTEMBER 2052; 2230 HOURS 
SOUTH CHICAGO PIZZA PALACE, HOUSTON, TEXAS, U.S.A.

“Hot damn!” One of the trainees in the bar yelled, “We did it! Another round!”
Cheers and yells in all dialects and languages proceeded to fill the pizza restaurant and bar as everyone raised glasses in toasts to each other.
Over four hundred people filled the place, each one fully intending to relax and have a good time after almost sixteen hours of final exams and crew checks taken for their respective positions.
Contrary to the expected failure rate, the over nine hundred astronauts left in the program had accomplished an almost ninety-five percent pass rate.
For some, the mission to Mars was almost guaranteed since just under four hundred of those passing were women.
With three hundred fifty female slots designated for the mission itself, only a few would be left behind to be assigned to the next Mars mission.
For the men, it was a different story – almost four hundred eighty men would be slotted against only three hundred fifty slots.
While some had guaranteed slots, others would have to rely on their training scores to see if they would make the cut for this historic mission or be slid to one of the other mission ships.
With few exceptions, most of the Explorer crews had remained intact.
There were some losses, but enough equally qualified personnel had passed so that replacements would present no real problem.
The non-mission technicians and specialists in the program had fared even better with a ninety-eight percent pass rate.
For them, there would be no more cuts – the program needed every one of them and another class was already scheduled to add to their numbers.
Bryce lifted his glass to those around the table filled with pizza pies and trays of cheese sticks – the crew of Explorer One had all passed and they had actually received a perfect score on the final crew evaluation.
It was not just an admirable achievement – the crew had done something they were told was virtually impossible.
On top of that, every one of his crew had scored in the top ten percent for the final examination as well.
As a result, Bryce’s crew was one of only two crews automatically designated to remain together for the mission.
He was especially proud how they had grown together as both friends and as a team, gratified the group had pulled together and studied diligently, helping each other along and making sure none had been left behind.
The effort paid off.
While other crews would be waiting to fill some slots before they were slotted for the preparation training, Bryce could begin getting his crew ready for this mission.
Silently, each lifted their glass in return.
“To Mars,” He smiled broadly, stealing a glance at Tatiana. “And all she may offer us.”
Most laughed as they repeated the toast, then took a sip from the glass, whether they held beer, hard liquor or simply ice water.
Like their leader, the crew of Explorer One had developed a sense of uniqueness and an ego only a tight crew could develop.
They were unwilling to allow any other crew to best them in anything, whether it was volleyball or mission accomplishment and, as a result, they had taken the overall trophy among the Explorer teams and were justifiably proud of their training accomplishments.
“What do you intend to do for the next ten days, Commander?” Mikael Brecker asked, holding up his glass of dark ale.
Bryce held up his own glass of beer in salute. “I intend to go home and forget all about this place and every one of you.”
Michael looked at Tatiana. “And you?”
“I plan to go with him to meet his parents, then make sure he doesn’t kill himself on some fool horse or climbing some mountain,” Tatiana smiled as she looked at him, taking a long sip of ice water.
“How do you intend to do that?” Annette asked playfully.
Tatiana grinned a cute, but devilish smile. “I’ll wear his ass out so he doesn’t have any energy left to do something stupid.”
The entire table burst into laughter and Bryce actually blushed as he watched her.
He couldn’t help thinking how amazing the woman was and how lucky he was to be the one she would marry.
The ring on her finger caught the light, throwing it out in a myriad of color.
“Be careful,” Hans laughed. “We need him for the trip.”
“Sorry,” Tatiana sipped her water, smiling as she looked at Bryce. “No promises.”
Bryce had no doubt she would, in fact, wear his ass out.

*****
*****

CHAPTER NINE

“When you gaze long enough into the abyss, the abyss gazes back into you.”

Friedrich Nietzsche

*****

05 APRIL 2053; 1325 HOURS 
OBSERVATION LOCATION BRAVO, SPACE LAUNCH COMPLEX NO. 45
CAPE CANAVERAL SPACE CENTER, FLORIDA

Bryce and the crew filed into the enclosed viewing area under heavy guard, taking their seats and settling in along with two other Explorer crews and a host of technicians and specialists.
Although designated as one of the official public viewing areas for the launches to Serenity, the other orbiting platforms and to Tranquility Base on the Moon, Observation Location Bravo, otherwise known as The Komorov Observation Complex in honor of Vladimir Komorov, was off-limits to the public for this launch.
The mission crews and technicians had all been given the day off to watch the latest launch, Intrepid Crew Shuttle Mission Four or ICSM-04.
This would be the fourth Intrepid Crew Shuttle Mission up to Serenity Space Dock, taking a crew of four and twenty-four men and women up to the space station on the first leg of the mission to Mars.
Their “taxi” was a sleek and much larger version of SNC’s original Vision Chaser called the Sunliner Seven, with an interior resembling an airliner.
Sitting on top of the Goliath V Heavy Lift Launch System, the Sunliner rested, enclosed in a composite payload fairing and sitting on top of two in-sequence joined re-supply craft.
The fairing wasn’t necessary for the Sunliner craft but had been put in-place for this launch to protect the re-supply craft and their valuable payloads from potential damage during lift-off.
In fact, the Sunliner craft were generally launched from the belly of a specially-modified B-6, the mainstay heavy bomber of the U.S. Air Force.
Taken up to altitude by the bomber, once released from the belly of the enormous B-6, the Sunliner ignited then used its own engines to boost itself into orbit, returning to Earth as a glider.
Sunliner Seven had been added to the stack on the big Goliath simply out of convenience and as a way to launch all three vehicles into orbit on one launch.
And because this was such a unique launch, the crews and technicians still in training or waiting for their turn to go to Serenity were given the day off to witness it.
While the Sunliner crew had no actual visual during launch, the Commander of Sunliner Seven, Lieutenant Commander Yvonne Garling, would be wearing a helmet allowing her to see and command the launch as if the fairing didn’t exist.
Bryce had met and knew Commander Garling when she was a Navy Liaison Officer assigned to his unit what seemed like an eternity ago.
She was professional, astute and an excellent pilot.
Assigned to NASA as a Sunliner Commander about the time he was selected to attend the training, she had excelled in the training.
They had met a couple times during the training and, while there had never been a relationship of any type between them, there seemed to be a chemistry neither could deny – an electricity both attractive and yet complicated.
Bryce smiled, wondering how she was feeling on this first journey up – this maiden voyage of Sunliner Seven and her Commander – to Serenity and the vastness of space.
“Are you ok?” Tatiana asked him.
Bryce shook himself from his thoughts. “Absolutely,” He smiled. “Just thinking we know almost everyone on that mission.”
Tatiana smiled, relaxed in her blue jumpsuit covered in colorful patches with the white turtleneck peeking from underneath the collar and sleeves. “I envy them.”
“Really,” Bryce looked at her. “Why?”
“Because they’ll be up there,” She looked wistfully at the rocket. “And we’ll be down here.”
“T-Minus Thirty Minutes and counting. All systems Green at this time.” Came the announcement over the speakers in the Observation Complex.
“We’ll be up there soon enough,” Bryce assured her. “Soon enough.”
She gripped his hand a bit harder, the engagement ring on her finger sparkling in the bright sunlight pouring through the glass panes. “I know, hon,” She smiled, looking down for a moment. “I just want things to hurry up.”
Bryce was silent for a moment.
“You know,” He ventured. “We don’t have to wait for Mars to be married.”
“Don’t think I haven’t considered that every day,” She smiled. “But we’re kinda committed to the world on that one, love.”
Bryce chuckled, remembered the news flashes the day he proposed to her on the spur of the moment.
It had indeed been special and memorable but it really wasn’t what he planned.
Not that it mattered.
She immediately said yes and the die was cast.
Even though Bryce and Tatiana had simply mentioned, almost in jest, getting married on Mars the first day they landed as a possible date to one reporter who had caught up with them, the press got wind of it almost immediately and the date became fact.
NASA had run with it, especially given the press the two had already generated during the training.
Still stinging from the rebuke they had suffered after one joke to reporters, Bryce and Tatiana let the date go, embracing it and letting the fanfare build.
The world would see the union in holy matrimony of a man and a woman on Mars and NASA, as well as a host of other organization and nations, decided to make it their own.
Already plans were being made for the actual ceremony, the legal issues surrounding it and a plethora of logistics that everyone felt had to be resolved.
Not to mention a host of other couples now also wanting to be married on the red planet.
For NASA, the idea of married couples on the Martian planet signaled steadiness and perhaps a more stable environment for the entire mission.
And for that reason, NASA embraced what many believed was inevitable anyway.
“You know I don’t give a damn what everyone else expects,” Bryce reminded her. “If you want to be married, we’ll do it today.”
“Glupyy mal'chik,” She giggled. “A piece of paper means nothing when I already have your love,” She squeezed his hand. “Although you have to admit, a marriage certificate from Mars will look neat on our wall.” Pausing a moment, she looked at him, her face suddenly serious. “Being married on Mars will simply be for the world to witness, not for me to offer you a love you already have forever.” She looked down, then looked up at him. “I want to get this mission done and come home.” Tatiana trailed off for a moment, then spoke in a voice almost a whisper, her eyes moist. “I want a family.”
Bryce stared at her. “Did I just hear what I thought I heard?”
She nodded.
“T-Minus Twenty-Five Minutes and counting. All systems Green at this time.” Came the announcement over the speakers in the Observation Complex.
“Are you sure?” Bryce asked quietly. “We’ve never really discussed…”
“Yes,” She whispered. “Even more so lately.”
 She looked at her ring then at him. “If that’s what you want.”
“Are we too old?”
Her face fell. “Does that worry you?”
He grinned. “Nope. Care to retire to an old, run down family ranch in Colorado and raise them to ride horses, ski and climb mountains?”
“Sounds like a dream.” She replied softly, then smiled back. “That’s why I want to get this started.”
Bryce sat back, his hand tightly holding onto hers, and simply watched the events unfold before him as the giant electronic clock ticked down steadily, activity buzzed outside the Observation Complex and the world continued on as if nothing just happened.
The day had just gotten a bit brighter.

*****

05 APRIL 2053; 1353 HOURS 
PRIMARY MISSION CONTROL
CAPE CANAVERAL SPACE CENTER, FLORIDA

It was time as the seconds changed from zero one to zero zero.
“Ground launch sequencer started,” Came the response over the loudspeakers in Mission Control.
“T-Minus Seven minutes and counting”
“Retract access arm,” Steve LaFountain, the Launch Director for ICMS-04 commanded, looking to Rick Gaylord.
Rick was his mentor and observer for this final exam to certify Steve as a fully-qualified Launch Director.
Although Steve was running the actual launch, Rick was the Launch Director of Record, fully responsible for everything that happened.
Right now, Steve watched as Rick took another sip of coffee from some decrepit old space mission mug he had scrounged from an ancient pawn shop somewhere.
The old-fashioned NASA emblem was faded on the yellowed ceramic mug, but Rick never seemed to mind.
A moment later came the response. “Access arm retracted.”
“Security sweep completed.”
In another building less than a mile away, security controllers continued the constant query of manned posts.
Colonel Samuel Morgan sat at the head of the large table in an even larger auditorium, surrounded by men and women receiving constant reports through data streams and by voice.
“That’s our cue, ladies and gentlemen,” The Colonel barked. “You have one minute. Sing out if you have anything.”
For the past forty-eight hours, the Colonel had barely slept as the men and women of the Air Force’s Forty-Fifth Security Forces Wing, the Florida State Patrol, the local and county police forces and Naval Task Force Canaveral had combined efforts to secure the interior, perimeter, and the surrounding area for ten miles, including the ocean.
In addition to the massive Indiana-class cruiser, four Fowler-class destroyers and two Boston-class attack submarines, the Task Force was supplemented by three Savannah-class Coast Guard littoral patrol ships.
Overhead, two P-15 Multi-mission Maritime Aircraft configured for Anti-Submarine Patrol flew lazy racetrack patterns over the downrange area, their Enhanced Magnetic Anomaly Detector system deployed while they operated at low altitude in addition to and supplementing the Advanced Acoustic Sensor System.
For this mission, both aircraft were equipped with Lancer Anti-Submarine Missiles and Mark-97 Ultra High-Speed Torpedoes.
Beneath the waves, four patrols of ASI-63 Advanced Submersible Interceptors cruised close to shore, their radars active as they “flew” predesignated patrol patterns.
Designed to function underwater like jets in the air, the single-seat ASI-63 was highly maneuverable, fast and equipped with a deadly array of weapons.
Each patrol, codenamed Viper One and Two and Cobra One and Two consisted of four single-seat craft with each patrol tasked to patrol specific sectors arcing out from Launch Complex Forty-Five in pie-slice-shaped patterns.
The sleek little craft darted underwater, inspecting known recesses, valleys and other areas where a submerged vehicle could potentially evade the ring-shaped nets of active sonobuoys stretching out from the Launch Complex in ever-increasing circles.
Each segment of this complex, over-lapping network had been reporting its status to a specific point of contact in the Colonel’s conference room every ten minutes for the past ten hours.
Over time and as each layer of security and defense became active, the Colonel had adjusted reporting periods until every segment reported in at the exact same moment.
And exactly one minute after every report came into the center, each point-of-contact in the room had reported the status of their particular segment onto a centralized, digitized status board, visible to every person in the auditorium.
Flanking the status board on one side was an electronic map, detailing the real-time movements of every security detail, vehicle, aircraft, submersible and surface ship, all overlaid by a map of the current weather.
On the other side, several vid-screens showed the Launch Complex as well as various other locations in real-time.
Exactly one minute after the request for status had come in, the Colonel watched as the status board updated.
Every segment reported Green – no threats detected.
Colonel Morgan smiled as he pressed the ACK button on the Mission Control Monitor Panel on the table in front of him.
The team had done their job and he was damn proud of them.
A moment later, the smile disappeared as he stood.
“Be on your toes, people,” He barked loudly. “We’re not out of the woods yet.”
In Mission Control, the Colonel’s acknowledgement came across as a digitized response.
“Sweep completed, negative results.”
Steve let loose an audible sigh while Rick simply stared at the monitor in front of him, a graphic portraying the status screen in Colonel Morgan’s auditorium, taking a sip of coffee but not relaxing.
He’d been through this once already.
“Start auxiliary power units,” Steve commanded, turning to Rick as the man took another sip of his coffee.
Steve smiled, “It’s gonna be a picture perfect launch.”
The change from a passive man standing there drinking coffee to the angry man suddenly facing him startled Steve and everyone in the room.
“Don’t ever say that again,” Rick barked, anger in his eyes as he slammed the old coffee mug onto the table, breaking it into pieces and sending coffee across the table and onto the floor. “Dammit, man.”
“Rick,” Steve tried to console the man.
“Shut up and do your damn job,” Rick snapped at him. “Do your damn job and pray to God we do have a perfect launch.”
Rick suddenly turned, ignoring the broken mug and spilled coffee, then moved over to the window looking out at the Launch Complex, arms folded, leaving Steve unsure what had just happened.
Silence filled the room – so quiet a person could hear the proverbial pin drop.
“T-minus five minutes and counting.”
“Arm solid booster range safety devices.” Steve ordered, somewhat subdued.
The range officer’s voice sang out over the comm, “Solid rocket booster range safety devices armed. All show green.”
“Range data gathering system on.”
“All range data gatherings systems on and functioning. We have clear images and good data streams.”
Steve stared at the man who had been his mentor for as long as he could remember, wondering what he could say.
Finally, he re-focused.
“Alright ladies and gents, we have a launch to take care of. Everyone on their toes.”

*****

05 APRIL 2053; 1400 HOURS 
SPACE LAUNCH COMPLEX NO. 45
CAPE CANAVERAL SPACE CENTER, FLORIDA

T-minus ten seconds.” 
“Main engine fuel burn-off system activated.”
“Eight.”
“Seven.”
“Main engine start.”
“Four.”
“Three.”
“Two.”
“One.”
Commander Yvonne Garling and the other twenty-seven men and women inside Sunliner Seven felt the rumble as the main engines ignited and the rocket hesitated for a split second. 
Noise filled the cockpit and cabin as, less than eight one thousands of a second after the ignition command was sent, sixteen thirty-inch-long, four-inch-wide exploding bolts fired, four at the base of each of the four boosters attached to the Goliath V, freeing Sunliner Seven from the launch pad.
Launch commentator Mark Harris, a smile on his face, spoke the words everyone had held their breath to hear as the big rocket slowly cleared the pad, inching its way up and past the tower with increasing speed, “Liftoff…We have liftoff of ICSM-04 shuttle mission to Serenity and it has cleared the tower.”
The four semi-liquid-fueled booster engines throttled up from ninety percent thrust to just over one hundred ten percent thrust as planned while Data Processing Systems Controller Andrei Balandin pronounced, “Liftoff confirmed.”
Steve LaFountain’s face beamed as he repeated the declaration, “Liftoff...”, slapping Rick, who had come over to stand next to him, on the back.
On board Sunliner Seven, Yvonne immediately flipped the switch to direct the S-band Phase Modulated and Frequency Modulated radio systems to switch antennas, allowing the ship to maintain communications during the upcoming roll maneuver as the big Goliath’s thruster now fired in a predetermined and timed event, adding its thrust and energy to the launch effort.
Inside the cabin the passengers continued to feel the rocking motion as the Goliath continued to gain momentum a bit more rapidly now, finally clearing the tower.
Strapped tightly in their seats with the visors to their helmets in the down position and oxygen flowing, each dealt with the bouncing and gentle jerking in their own way.
Some had tiny handheld vid-recorders in hand, recording the event while others sat back, eyes closed, lips muttering silent prayers.
Still others simply relaxed, enjoying the ride as they began the great journey they had trained so long to undertake.
Lieutenant Commander Adrian Constano, sitting in the Captain’s seat to Yvonne’s right checked the internal pressure of each of the boosters, reporting the readings to her, “Internal pressure on all boosters normal. Goliath internal pressures normal.”
The Goliath finally cleared the launch pad tower and, as the nozzles on each booster responded to steering commands, began a maneuver to corkscrew, putting the crew in a “heads down” position once the rocket began its downrange flight.
Eight seconds into the flight, Commander Garling reported to Mission Control, “Control, Sunliner Seven, Initiating Roll Program.”
The Launch Director acknowledged the request, “Roger roll, Seven.”
Meanwhile the Flight Dynamics Officer, Morgan Kerry, sat at her position in mission control, watching her real-time telemetry and the three-dimensional portrayal of the ship.
“I have good roll, Seven,” She reported. “God speed, Yvonne.”
“Roger, good roll.” Yvonne acknowledged, smiling as she high-fived Constano, then lifted the visor from her helmet, switching off the oxygen flow and flipping the status switch to advise the passengers.
In the passenger cabin, a yellow visor symbol disappeared and almost everyone in the cabin lifted their own visors in unison while shutting off the flow of oxygen.
They were still being rocked back and forth, but the ride was definitely smoother, though noise still filled the cabin.
Constano grinned. “This is shit hot!”
Mark Harris, still following the chatter between Mission Control and Sunliner Seven, reported the status to the public and those in the various Observation complexes, “Good roll program confirmed. Sunliner Seven is now heading downrange.”

*****

“Oh shit!” Exclaimed Patrick Johnson, lead camera operator, as he caught a glimpse of something on the surface of the ocean.
It looked as it something had burst upward from below.
“Control,” He screamed into the mic. “I got something happening here. Maybe five miles out due east…oh dear God, I think I got a missile launch!”
Steve’s heart froze as Rick grabbed the comm from the desk, screaming into it. “Say again…”
“Oh God…oh God…I think I got a launch,” Pat was crying now and yelling into his mic as he tried to track what he couldn’t see with his system. “But I don’t see it…Oh God, I hope I’m wrong…”
Rick dropped the comm and turned to the windows, his eyes following the thick white and grey contrail from the rocket into the sky, searching for what he knew he couldn’t see.
At the same moment, less than a mile away, Colonel Samuel Morgan saw red warning lights on one of the sensor nets.
“I’ve got a bogey,” Yelled out an operator. “Distance approximately five point oh miles off shore, coordinates plotted.”
The unknown’s coordinates almost immediately appeared on the map.
“Where the hell did that sonofabitch come from?” Morgan roared. “Damn it, I want everything on it…NOW!”
“Unknown labeled ‘Red One’,” The Operator yelled out. “Unknown vector in. It just appeared.”
“Damn it!” Morgan slammed his fist onto the table. “How the hell can it just appear?”
“Vectoring in the P-12’s” called out another operator.
“I’ve got launch sign,” called out a third. “I have confirmed launch indications.”
“Oh shit,” Colonel Samuel Morgan sat back down in his chair, staring at the sudden appearance of the missile track on the screen. “Oh dear mother of God help them.”
The missile track arced and Colonel Samuel Morgan couldn’t stop the single tear running down his cheek.

*****

Yvonne thumbed the intercom, “We got a lot of wind.”
Adrian nodded, “Yeah.”
A thruster symbol flashed in the corner of Yvonne’s command screen, indicating the four boosters would begin the throttle down procedure until they were at ninety-four percent of maximum.
Sunliner Seven had completed the roll maneuver along with the minor adjustments and was now on the correct trajectory for orbit insertion and a direct flight to Serenity.
Booster Systems Engineer Michael Baker in Mission Control, unaware of the unfolding drama, responded to the telemetry his system was reporting, “Throttle down to ninety-four percent.”
On board Sunliner Seven, the four booster engines begin throttling down as planned as the rocket approached the region in the atmosphere where it would experience maximum aerodynamic pressure.
Yvonne watched her readings, then dutifully reported the status, “I have ninety-four...”
Adrian responded, elated, “We’re at ten thousand and Mach point seven five.”
Yvonne, her eyes on the flight status indicators, responded, “I’m getting wind shear here. Flight systems are automatically adjusting flight path.”
Adrian continued to watch the speed. “There's Mach One. Nineteen thousand.”
Had the shift in flight path to accommodate the wind shear began one second earlier or the flight path been altered a fraction of a degree more than it was, the ZNX-43 would not have been able to alter its own trajectory quick enough and would have missed the rocket fairing by the slimmest of margins.
Michael Baker continued to observe his telemetry, “Seven, clear to throttle down to sixty-five.”
Yvonne acknowledged the command, “Four to sixty-five percent.”
Morgan Baker offered her observations as she watched the data flowing across the screen. “I have four good fuel cells. Four good APUs. Confirming throttle down.”
Adrian thumbed his intercom, “I show velocity at two thousand fifty feet per second, altitude four point four nautical miles, downrange distance three point five nautical miles...”
The missile impacted the fairing, slicing through the composite material with a single fin before corkscrewing wildly past the Goliath and finally exploding almost a tenth of a mile away.
The steel fin cut through the material like a hot knife through butter.
While not significant in itself, the damage done to the Goliath was fatal and the passengers and crew of Sunliner Seven had but seconds to live.
The sudden lateral acceleration to the left jolted the rocket with a force of approximately one quarter times normal gravity.
The crew and the passengers felt the nudge.
Traveling at over Mach one at an altitude of over twenty thousand feet, the damaged fairing split apart, ripping itself from the rocket in ragged pieces and sections and damaging the fuselage of Sunliner Seven in the process.
Rushing air swept into one of the slashes in the fuselage of Sunliner Seven as the resupply satellite sitting below Sunliner Seven literally fell apart.
Still flying at twice the speed of sound as the ship now began to shift its forward angle, the resulting rush of air that filled the passenger compartment over-pressurized the structure and it broke apart from the inside out, disintegrating in flight.
Sunliner Seven’s wings cartwheeled away on their own while the engine compartment held together, falling in a single piece toward the Atlantic Ocean and now on fire.
The second resupply satellite, still anchored to the Goliath rocket, forced its way through the debris of Sunliner Seven, disintegrating as it did so.
A split second later, the nose section of the space craft, housing the flight crew, slowed down incrementally enough to be slammed from behind by the rocket still moving forward.
The boosters, thruster cones rotating wildly to compensate for the radical changes in flight trajectory, exceeded the engineering parameters for the points connecting each to the body of the Goliath.
Fractions of a second later, Booster Two’s lower anchor point broke and the booster base immediately swung outward, forcing the top into the body of the Goliath. The resulting explosion engulfed not only the Goliath but all four booster rockets as well in a spectacular orange and yellow explosion. 
The destroyed nose section of Sunliner Seven, trailing a mass of electrical cables and umbilicals torn from the passenger cabin, shot through the thin air, still climbing.
All this happened as the fuel tank within the Goliath now gave up its load of propellant, which ignited in the atmosphere in what appeared to be a second explosion.
In any case, one of the four booster rockets emerged from the fireball of burning fuel and continued on, bereft of guidance from the Sunliner’s now-silent flight computers.
Milliseconds later, it began corkscrewing through the sky, still continuing on a vertical trajectory toward space.
Baker, not realizing there had been an explosion, continued to monitor and report the telemetry. “One minute, fifteen seconds. Velocity two thousand nine hundred feet per second at an altitude of five nautical miles. Downrange distance seven nautical miles.”
The Ground Control Engineer, K.D. Gorbert, saw something different in his telemetry, something ominous. “LD, GC, we've got negative contact and full loss of downlink.”
Steve wasn’t sure what to say.
They had always practiced worst-case-scenario in the procedures trainer, but no one ever expected to live through something like this. “Procedures anyone? Any ideas? Any help?”
Morgan Baker now reported the status of her own datalinks. “Negative, LD, no data.”
Watching the rogue booster on one of the range cameras on his own console, Steve lifted the cover and, without hesitation, pressed the red button.
Radio signals were immediately sent, activating a self-destruct package on each booster. The tracking camera caught a thick cloud of black smoke suddenly engulfing the wayward rocket and a series of brilliant but quick explosions ensued.
Numerous fragments of the booster immediately emerged from the fireball, including what appeared to be the complete aft fuel segment, slowly tumbling as it continued to burn.
Falling pieces of debris creating white contrails arching through the blue sky while a larger object, trailing a thin cloud of vapor, plummeted toward the ocean.
The Flight Dynamics Officer, Morgan Kerry made the first official report over the system. “Range safety reports the vehicle has exploded.”
Steve LaFountain stood for a very long time. “Copy, FIDO. Can we get any reports from recovery forces yet?”
Morgan grabbed her comm, punching in the immediate call to the Search and Rescue Command. “Stand by.”
Meanwhile Steve, taking a deep breath, gathered his wits about him and began to let his training take over. “All operators, contingency procedures in effect.” He paused once more. “We have a report from the FIDO that the vehicle has exploded. Launch Control is confirming that conclusion.” Another pause. “We are now checking with the recovery forces to see what can be done at this point.”
Steve switched comms. “FIDO, LD…”
“FIDO here, go ahead.”
“Have you heard back from SAR? Any contacts?”
“We're working with them, flight.”
Steve took a deep breath, frustrated. “OK.”
He helplessly watched as one of the tracking cameras followed a piece of debris splashing into the ocean, then keyed the comm unit. “FIDO, LD…for what it's worth, the downrange cameras are showing 'em in the water.”
Five seconds later, the Sunliner flight crew cabin smashed into the Atlantic Ocean at over two hundred miles per hour.
The four-person crew, unconscious and still strapped in their seats, experienced a braking force of almost two hundred times normal gravity.
The cabin disintegrated and settled to the bottom approximately one hundred feet below the surface.
Divers would find the crew still strapped to their seats and the seats still bolted to the deck of the cockpit.
They would be sitting upright on the surface of the ocean floor.
It would be an image that would haunt the divers the rest of their lives.
Steve watched the camera as a dark, irregularly shaped piece of debris – probably one of Sunliner’s wings – could be seen floating then falling into the Atlantic.
Cartwheeling the last hundred feet or so before impacting the surface of the ocean, it suddenly changed attitude at the last moment, belly flopping onto the surface with a splash.
Steve took a deep breath and keyed the comm to all stations. “This is the LD. Repeating the information we have at this time. After what appeared to be a nominal liftoff, we had a normal ascent phase through completion of the roll program and throttle down, but just prior to programmed engine throttle up to one hundred four percent. At that point, there has been an apparent explosion as a result of an undetermined cause.”
He paused, gathering his thoughts.
“At that time, all data streams were lost from the vehicle. According to a poll conducted by the FIDO, there were no anomalous indications, no indications of problems with engines or with the boosters and no indications of faulty systems at the moment we lost data.” He paused again. “Again, this is preliminary information. It is all that we have at the moment and we will keep you advised as other information becomes available. There are recovery forces in the general area and others are being deployed, including aircraft and ships.”
Steve considered some additional explanation, then stared at the monitors once more and set the comm down.
Whatever he wanted to say seemed unimportant at that moment.

*****

05 APRIL 2053; 1400 HOURS 
OBSERVATION LOCATION BRAVO, SPACE LAUNCH COMPLEX NO. 45
CAPE CANAVERAL SPACE CENTER, FLORIDA

Bryce and the others gazed at the Goliath Five, almost a mile away and encased by four gleaming silver booster rockets, standing tall and painted a brilliant white against the deep blue of the Launch Complex Tower and equipment as the large electronic timer on the manicured lawn in front of them clicked down to zero. 
In the next moment, flame belched from the concrete thrust directors as enormous billows of grey and white smoke poured from under her.
The rocket seemed to pause for a second before it finally broke free from the ground, struggling initially to rise, then finally inching up the tower complex and gaining both momentum and power with each second.
As the rocket cleared the pit that had housed the big thruster nozzles, the flame from those very nozzles filled both the pit and swept the pad itself and the sound finally reached them.
Even through the thick glass of the observation complex, they could hear the deep rolling thunder and the crackling sound of the flame as the very ground beneath their feet rumbled gently.
“Liftoff…We have liftoff of ICSM-04 shuttle mission to Serenity and it has cleared the tower.”
Everyone in the Observation Complex was quiet, staring in awe as the rocket continued to climb, the human cargo protected behind the aerodynamic shape of the fairing, itself painted with the logos of NASA as well as the other agencies.
Prominent among the emblems was the mission emblem for this mission – a dark blue patch ringed in yellow with the Earth in a lower corner, Serenity station perched over it and a winged Pegasus prominent in the center overlaying a large red seven etched in gold.
The mission designation – ICSM-04 – stood out in bold letters along the curved bottom edge.
Someone behind Bryce muttered, “Go you son of a bitch, Go!”
The rocket continued to climb, now corkscrewing almost in slow motion as it finally cleared the tower, and seemed to begin gaining real momentum, still trailing a long tail of flame and smoke as it rose in the brilliant azure blue sky on a perfect Florida afternoon.
Tatiana’s hand gripped Bryce’s, her voice a soft whisper as if she didn’t want to disturb the quiet that still surrounded them. “It’s beautiful.”
“Yes, it is,” He replied, grinning as he released her hand to slide his own up and around her shoulder, pulling her into him gently. “And soon we’ll join them, hon.”
She grinned as well, molding herself to him. “I can’t wait.”
“Control, Sunliner Seven, Initiating Roll Program.”
“Roger roll, Seven.”
Moments later, the voice of Mission Control came over the speakers once more, “I have good roll, Seven. God speed, Yvonne.”
The chatter between Mission Control and Sunliner Seven continued as they watched the rocket arc over onto a downwind trajectory almost straight away from their position.
The rocket itself disappeared into a bright ball of flickering flame from the exhaust nozzles of the main rocket and the four boosters surrounding it.
Bryce watched it for a moment more, then turned to reach down for his drink.
“NO!” Someone screamed, followed by others groaning or uttering phrases like “Oh my God!” while others cursed.
Bryce heard Takahashi curse in Japanese and Erlichmann in German as Major Sorenson, the Explorer One’s nurse cried out.
Bryce turned back and was immediately greeted by a colossal ball of flame and black smoke filling the air where the rocket was but a moment ago.
More explosions followed and what looked to be one of the booster rockets angled from the angry ball of flame, corkscrewing in erratic flight upwards.
Even from what Bryce figured had to be about five miles, they could see large chunks of what had to be debris arcing up or outward, most trailing smoke.
The individual pieces continued along the trajectory until their momentum slowed and they began a lazy fall into the Atlantic Ocean below.
“What…What happened,” Tatiana barely spoke, tears in her eyes.
“Oh, mon dieu,” Annette Montrieux exclaimed. “Mon dieu, mon dieu…” 
“I…I don’t know,” Bryce replied, watching the booster rocket continue to corkscrew in irregular movements across the sky and away from the destruction.
Suddenly it too exploded in an angry ball of flame and black smoke.
“What just happened?” Someone cried out.
“They blew it up,” Bryce watched in disbelief at the horror happening before his eyes. “Range safety blew it up.”
“The ship?” Someone else asked in disbelief. “They blew up the ship?”
“No,” Bryce replied, his voice virtually devoid of emotion. “They blew the booster rocket…it was out of control.”
“All our friends, Bryce,” Tatiana cried softly, still staring as the flames and smoke from the original explosion continued, smaller explosions on-going as more debris fell to the ocean below.
She turned and buried her face in his chest as he held her tightly.
“I know, hon,” He whispered softly, “I know.”
At that moment, the sound of the explosion, traveling over eleven hundred feet per second, reached them.
It was a muted but loud explosion, followed by two more in rapid succession.
By now, the flame had extinguished, leaving a cloud of smoke hanging in the air.
Debris continued to fall and Bryce watched in dismay as something large hit the surface of the ocean, the splash visible even at this distance.
It was followed by a series of large and small splashes, all visible from where he stood.
He had no doubts hundreds, if not thousands of smaller impacts into the water were happening, the splashes and impacts themselves too small to see.
He collapsed back into his seat, looking back up at the cloud of smoke still hanging in the air.
It finally hit him he had just lost twenty-eight friends and fellow astronauts.
Twenty-eight souls extinguished in less than it took to say even one of their names.
No one moved in the seating area as folks began to sit back down, most simply staring at the death and destruction which had just taken place.
Outside, klaxons wailed and emergency crews raced to various locations on the base as sleek helicopters flew low overhead, heading out to the debris field to begin the recovery operation.
It would be two hours before the first one would slowly rise from their seat and leave quietly, afraid to disturb the quietness as the rest of their fellow astronauts, technicians and specialists continued to mourn, cry and reflect on the loss of so many of their friends. 
No one inside the Observation Complex held out even the slimmest of hopes anyone on board Sunliner Seven could have survived the explosion and freefall descent into the ocean, much less the impact with the surface.
The only question in everyone’s mind, sitting in that glass enclosed room, was whether the explosion and destruction they had all bore witness to was an accident or the next in a series of attacks.
Whether any of them would admit it, they all held out the hope the final determination would be conclusive.
An attack.

*****

05 APRIL 2053, 1430 HOURS 
ON BOARD THE U.S.S. INDIANA
CAPE CANAVERAL SPACE CENTER, FLORIDA

“Contact,” The operator sang out. “Two thousand yards at one four zero, estimate depth at two zero zero feet.”
“Which way is the son of a bitch headed?” Captain John Steinhower, commander of the U.S.S. Indiana, barked.
“Looks to be on course zero nine zero – heading due east, Sir.”
Captain Steinhower immediately began issuing orders while mentally anticipating what his foe may try to do. “Helm, come to course one four zero, flank speed.”
“Come to course one four zero, flank speed. Aye, Aye, Sir.” Came the reply.
“I want the alert launched when we’re in range. Once they’re in the water, I want a full flight ready to go.”
“Yes, Sir. Alerts to be launched when in range.”
“How long til launch?”
The IOO or Interceptor Operations Officer did a quick mental calculation. “No more than five minutes.”
“Steady on course, Sir.” Sang out the Helmsman.
“Very well.” Responded the Captain, who then turned to the IOO. “Tell them to disable it,” He instructed. “I do not want whatever it is to be destroyed under any circumstances. Direct the P-15’s to intercept at ten miles. I want this son of a bitch alive.”
“Roger, ten miles on the P-15’s”
“Who’s on alert?” The Captain asked.
“Sawdog and Mongo, call sign Ghost One and Two.”
The Captain actually chuckled. “Tell Mongo not to get trigger happy on me.”
“Aye, Aye, Sir.” The IOO responded, a smile on his face.
“Comm,” The Captain called out. “I want the Cahill, Fishburne, Hopkins, and Barry deployed line abreast behind us, active sonar. I want the Lovell and the Cernan to flank the target track. Ghost flight will attempt to disable from the rear.”
“Aye aye, Sir.” Replied the Communications Officer, immediately relaying the Captain’s orders to the bridges of the four destroyers and two submarines.
The Captain watched the waters ahead of his ship for a moment.
“Tell them solid shot,” The Captain ordered.
By ordering the use of solid shot, Captain Steinhower had directed all the ships and aircraft under his command to replace the explosive warheads with a solid tip, thereby making each missile, in effect, a high powered, large caliber bullet.
As they impacted the enemy vessel, they would punch holes into the hull and penetrate into the ships system, disabling her and forcing her to surface or sink.
“Two minutes to replace Cyclone’s with Gladiators.” The IOO sang out.
“Very well,” Captain Steinhower acknowledged. “Make it one.”
“Aye, aye, Sir.”
The sleek trimaran-hulled hunter-killer cruiser sliced through the waves, as weapons technicians hoisted each ASI-63 Hammerhead, quickly removing the four Cyclone explosive warhead hypersonic sub-surface missiles and replacing each with a Gladiator supersonic sub-surface missile.
The heavy solid head of each Gladiator, once it hit the hull of a ship traveling at almost four hundred miles an hour, was designed to mushroom out as it penetrated the ship, creating a massive hole and doing the maximum amount of damage to the vessel.
Highly accurate, they were frequently used where close combat and friendly ships made using explosive warheads fatal to both friend and foe alike.
If either Ghost One or Ghost Two could target one of the Gladiators to impact the submerged target from the rear, the damage to the propeller and rudder systems, as well as to the rear compartment of the vessel itself, would be catastrophic, forcing the vessel to rise to the surface immediately.
Once on the surface, the Indiana and the other four ships would capture and secure the vessel.
If it sank, the recovery operations would begin immediately.
If, for some reason, Ghost flight was unable to disable the vessel, then Lovell and Cernan, both state-of-the-art attack submarines, would easily disable it with solid shot torpedoes.
If they failed, the P-15’s would sink her once and for all.
Unfortunately, the damage any torpedoes would most likely cause would probably sink the ship, but it would nonetheless enable the United States to identify the vessel and have a good idea of who launched the missile that just destroyed Sunliner Seven.
“Direct Viper and Cobra flights to advance out along with the Coast Guard, patrols line abreast and in diamond formation.” Steinhower directed the COMMO. “I want to make sure we don’t have another hiding behind us.”
“Aye, aye, Sir.”
“We’re in the launch envelope,” The IOO sang out.
“Launch One and Two,” The Captain replied. “Ready Ghost Flight immediately.”
Between the hulls of the trimaran, two sleek looking craft, each looking like stubby-winged fighter aircraft with thick fuselages and painted in mottled shades of blue launched from two of six electro-magnetic catapults slung between the three hulls, three on each side of the center hull and all facing forward like the mouths of giant cannons.
The craft hung in the air in front of the ship for a brief moment before angling downward and into the water at a shallow angle.
Once in the water, the two craft, propelled by advanced rocket engines capable of controlled thrust, could travel in normal mode at up to thirty to forty knots or up to one hundred knots in "super-cavitation" mode.
The high speed was capable only through the creation of a vapor bubble around the craft, reducing practically all drag and allowing the vessel to essentially "fly" underwater for missions lasting up to six hours, depending on fuel consumption.
As the two fighters entered the water, both pilots deployed the wings into flight mode and checked their weapons loads in the two internal bays each craft was equipped with.
Each bay held a rotary launcher, each launcher equipped with six Gladiator supersonic, sub-surface missiles, the weapons fired in pairs or individually.
The little fighters also had a one thousand round supercavitating, twenty-millimeter cannon for close-in fighting buried in the fuselage.
Lieutenant Junior Grade Tom “Mongo” Kingman smiled as the bubble canopy surrounding him became overlaid with an electronic map of the surrounding environment – the various symbols denoting biologics – fish and other sea creatures larger than approximately twenty pounds – or man-made objects.
Additionally, performance information on his vessel was also displayed, offering him, at a glance, details on speed, engine performance, weapons status, depth, and a host of other details.
His hands deftly gripped the two joystick-like controls, one on either side of him, as he guided the sleek little craft through the water.
“Mongo,” His wingman and best friend, Lieutenant Junior Grade James “Sawdog” Harkoning called out over the comm system. “You got anything?”
“Nothing yet,” Replied Tom. “Just the surface boats and the Lovell to my right.”
“I got Cernan to the left.”
“I got a level bottom,” Tom observed. “Let’s go to twenty.”
“Roger, twenty,” Replied Jim. “I’ll slide out ten to the left.”
“Keep Indiana on the centerline.”
“Roger.”
Both ships quickly maneuvered so that each sat five hundred feet off the side and forward of the Indiana, using the big ship as the centerline between them.
Just as Tom settled into his flight slot, Jim’s voice rang out over the comm.
“Contact. I got contact three thousand yards dead ahead. Increasing speed to one hundred.”
Tom’s sonar lit up almost immediately, the icon signifying a man-made object.
He slid the sonar into identification mode and the system began painting the object as it saw it ahead of them.
Almost immediately, it became clear the object was a submarine moving away from them at a slow pace.
Suddenly the unidentified vessel immediately began to speed up and Jim’s voice once again sounded through the comm link.
“I got bogeys in the water headed at us at two hundred knots, straight line course.”
Tom’s sonar also showed the incoming as the klaxon warning of the incoming wailed in his ear.
He silenced the klaxon, realizing by the image painted on his bubble canopy they would be almost impossible to see visually.
Immediately switching his auto-pilot system to “Evade” and releasing the joysticks, he commanded Jim to do the same.
The Hammerhead’s internal systems now took over, gauging the approaching objects speed and course and adjusting the vessel to evade the shots.
At the speeds they were now operating at, guidance systems were considered useless, essentially making the thin rocket-powered, sub-surface missiles basically large bullets.
Suddenly Tom’s vessel rotated on its side ninety degrees as the thin pair of missiles flew past, barely two feet from the bottom of the ship. Tom neither saw them nor heard anything as the ship rotated back to a normal attitude, the auto-pilot assessing the vessel and the surrounding ocean for any additional incoming threats before releasing the control of the tiny fighter back to its pilot.
“Ghost One and Two, Ghost Flight now in the water.”
“Roger, Specter,” Tom acknowledged the Indiana. “Ghost Flight assume spread formation and cover our six. Be aware we have bogeys in the area.”
“Roger One.” Replied Mike “Boneman” Jenkins. “Leave something for us.”
Tom chuckled. “Not a chance.”
“I got incoming,” Jim sang out once more. “Looks like a spread.”
“I see ‘em,” Tom acknowledged, watching the sonar paint the new images onto his canopy.
These didn’t have nearly the speed of the first attack and looked to be maneuvering.
“Looks like we got us a dogfight here,” Tom replied. “Ghost Flight, we’ll keep these fish busy while you go high and take out that son of a bitch.”
“Good hunting,” Replied Mike in acknowledgement.
Six of the highly maneuverable unmanned torpedoes now engaged the two Hammerheads, each of the torpedoes attempting to lock onto the little vessels to make a kill.
Using his sonar, Tom slid his sleek craft down to the level sandy bottom to confuse their optic and sonar systems.
He could see two more angling toward Jim as his wingman took a different tack, orienting his craft directly toward the two to minimize his cross section and force the bogeys into the direct line of his cannon if they hoped to hit his vessel head on.
The other two appeared to be sliding around the pair in an attempt to attack from the six.
Damn the AI, thought Tom.
They were getting harder to fight it seemed.
Concentrating on the two looking for him and spreading out to make better use of their own sonar search systems, Tom angled for the closest, getting a lock almost immediately and firing a single Gladiator.
Knowing the bogey would be able to evade the missile, he quickly angled his craft to the other and increased his speed, bringing the torpedo into the target sights.
The sighting crosshairs changed from red to green as the acquisition tone in his ear changed from seek to lock and he fired the cannon.
His own internal weapons control now guided his vessel as the torpedo tried vainly to evade, shifting the cannon’s fire ever so slightly to bring the line of heavy bullets into the path of the bogey.
It disintegrated into pieces as the heavy slugs tore through it and Tom immediately shifted the course of his craft into the direction of the second, knowing full well it had most likely evaded his initial shot.
But, in evading that shot, it never had a chance to attack him and he found luck on his side as the targeting crosshairs lined up with the point in the ocean where his sonar said the damn thing was maneuvering, the red changing to green as the tone changed.
A line of slugs from his cannon flew through the miniature air bubbles each created around itself and intercepted the torpedo as it was swinging around to attack Tom.
Tearing into the torpedo’s nose, the heat of the first slug ignited the explosive warhead and Tom was rewarded with a bright explosion ahead of him several hundred yards, immediately followed by the rapidly expanding pressure wave.
Flying directly toward it, Tom’s ship was buffeted by the wave by the time he passed through it, but suffered no damage.
“I’m hit!” Yelled Jim through the comm. “Lost the right wing. Ejecting.”
“Where are you?” Tom replied, desperately looking for his wingman.
“Two thousand behind you…”
As Tom immediately swung around, looking for the remaining two bogeys and his wingman, a brilliant explosion filled the ocean in front of him followed by a larger one astern.
His little fighter, built to withstand most underwater explosions except those within one hundred yards, was unable to endure the converging pressure waves.
While the reinforced and pressurized cockpit was more than capable of handling and deflecting the pressure away from Tom’s body, his craft suddenly twisted violently in the water, turning and spinning as one wing and one of the four rear stabilizers were torn off.
Reaching over his head, he pulled the twin ejection handles.
Styled to resemble the same type of ejection system as those in its air-breathing cousin, the ejection system in Tom’s fighter was more than just the seat he was strapped into.
The entire capsule was designed to separate from the craft, rising to the surface to act as a self-contained survival unit.
In this case, automatic stabilization jets began to immediately fire, attempting to place the tumbling craft into an attitude long enough for the cockpit capsule to be ejected toward the surface instead of into the floor of the ocean.
The fighter twisted as the attitude jets fired once more, momentarily orienting the vessel in an upright position.
A second set of attitude jets fired and the craft stabilized long enough for the capsule to eject, the momentary rockets firing and propelling it upward toward the surface.
Moments later, his bubble canopy broke the surface of the ocean as the capsule reconfigured itself for survival mode.
Stabilization wings slid out and the antenna for the high frequency radio popped up, both locking into position, as the AGPS system immediately calculated his position and began transmitting it and his identification data on a discrete SAR channel.
Tom took a deep breath as the craft leveled, the sub-surface wings enabling the capsule to remain stable on the surface rather than bob in response to the gentle waves.
He reached up to each shoulder and popped the quick-release locks, releasing his body from the web that had held him in the seat, then slipped off his helmet and stowed it to the side of the seat.
Compartments on either side of him and under the seat held all he would need for survival in the sea for up to two weeks – food, fresh water, desalinization systems, fishing nets and gear, and a host of other equipment would ensure Tom could survive until the Search and Rescue units found him.
Small, highly efficient solar panels could be configured onto the top of the capsule to form a protective canopy from the sun and provide recharge power for the low-power, high-frequency radio system, as well as lighting, desalinization equipment and other powered systems he would need to live.
He switched on the survival radio, watching for a moment while the system synchronized to the mid-orbit satellite system overhead.
In short order, the radio had sync’d.
“Ghost One on SAR One, Over,” Tom transmitted.
“Ghost One, have you loud and clear,” Responded the SAR Controller. “I have your position fixed. Status?”
“Good shape with no injuries,” Tom replied. “Capsule integrity is good and all systems are operational.” He paused. “What happened?”
“Ghost One, good to hear,” Responded the controller. “Ghost Two was hit by a dead torpedo and was able to eject before the second impacted the craft. He’s afloat two miles west of your position.” A long pause. “The target was attacked by Ghost Flight and exploded. We lost Ghost Flight and some of the crew of the Cernan.”
“The Cernan?” Tom asked, “What the hell…”
“Cernan was angling in to cut off the target and get a solution,” The controller responded. “The blast ruptured a seam on the front of the Cernan and she hit the bottom. We have a full SAR in progress to get the rest of the crew out.”
“Ruptured a seam? Damn. What about the surface folks?”
“Indiana got shook up but she’s ok. She’s on top where the damn thing sunk until we get a recovery vessel on it.” The Controller responded. “They’re on the way already.”
“How long til pick up?” Tom asked.
“Probably couple hours at least,” Replied the Controller. “Assets are thin, but Indiana will be released from where the target sank, then routed back to pick you and Two up. You’ll have to hang tight.”
“Copy,” Tom thought a minute. “Any reason I can’t go to two or three and chat with Two?”
“I’ll pass along to Two to switch to SAR Three,” Responded the controller. “Check back on this channel every half hour.”
“Copy, every half hour,” Tom repeated the order, then switched the radio frequency to SAR3.
Waiting a few moments, he keyed the comm. “Jim, you there?”
“Yeah, bud,” Jim replied, sounding a bit tired. “How you doing?”
“Been better,” Tom acknowledged. “Heard you had quite a ride.”
Jim laughed over the comm. “Yeah…the blast literally threw me out of the water.”
“You OK?”
“Yep,” Jim replied. “I got a small seal leak in the back of the canopy, but it doesn’t let anything in unless a wave washes over. Sump’s working so I’m good.” He paused. “Just banged up a bit.”
“You heard what happened?”
“Yeah, they told me. Just bullshit losing Mike and the rest.”
“Sounds like the bastards blew themselves up,” Tom countered, pulling out a canister of fresh water and popping the sealed top, then taking a long drag. “Wonder who the fuck they were.”
“Don’t know,” Replied his wingman. “But I hope they rot in hell.”
“Amen, brother…Amen.”
“I’ll tell you one thing.” Jim offered.
“What’s that?”
“This war just got a hell of a lot more complicated.”
“Amen, brother.”

*****

10 APRIL 2053, 1400 HOURS 
EXECUTIVE BRIEFING ROOM, 925th SPACE OPERATIONS WING
CAPE CANAVERAL SPACE CENTER, FLORIDA

“That’s right, an attack.”
Bryce exhaled and noticed the remainder of his crew seemed to take a breath or visibly relax.
The knowledge that the destruction of Sunliner Seven was not some unforeseen mechanical malfunction which had doomed the flight before it launched was both a relief and welcome news.
None of those in that room wanted to see anyone on Sunliner Seven dead in any way, but to know their destruction was the result of hostile action meant the program itself did not require drastic corrections or long delays to correct system deficiencies.
“OK,” Bryce replied, “Where does that leave us?”
General Johanson sat on a corner of the thick carved wooden conference room table, one leg up while the other extended to the floor. “Frankly, Bryce, that’s why I’m speaking to each crew and section separately.”
“That’s a lot of talking.” Bryce observed.
“I want to hear what close to a thousand people have to say,” Replied the General, picking at some wrapped candies in the clear glass bowl sitting next to where he sat. “I have no intention of replacing another crew because of something like this again.” He tossed one piece of candy up and down a couple times, then caught it and stared at Bryce. “I barely have enough to replace what I lost this time.”
“So we’re delayed.” Bryce responded with finality in his voice.
“Listen, Bryce,” The General looked at his old friend. “I took more shit than I care to think about over Seven.” He stood and walked around the table, then lowered the lights and pressed a button on his pad, throwing an image on the screen at the end of the room.
It looked like a jagged piece of black metal, the edges torn and shiny in places.
Obviously whatever destroyed the totality of the unit had been massive and very destructive, judging from the thickness of the metal and coatings covering that metal.
The thick, what looked to be rubberized, skin of the debris was tan colored, but Bryce and the crew could see a small bit of something painted on the finish. There was just enough visible to know exactly what it was they were looking at.
It was black Arabic script.
“I promised they could launch without concern,” He quietly informed the group. “I gave them my word.”
“How did they get through?” Bryce asked.
“They didn’t.”
“I don’t understand,” Bryce stared at the image of the debris.
“They were always there,” The General advanced the image.
They were now looking at a deep trench in the sandy bottom off the coast. It showed clear signs of disturbance.
The General used a laser pointer to circle a part of the trench.
“As far as we can tell, they could have been here for close a month,” He began. “We figure closer to a couple weeks. The coning tower was altered to look like a natural formation then camouflaged.” He advanced the images again and they found themselves staring at a softly mottled piece of the coning tower, the traditional lines softened with bulbous appendages to help blend in with the sandy bottom.
“We were looking for black submarines, not half-buried camouflaged ones,” He laughed a cynical laugh. “They simply sat and waited.”
“What about air…”
“We think they sent a hose up when it was safe to breach the surface and exchanged air when they absolutely had to.” The General explained. “But probably didn’t even need to do that. Air exchangers and purifiers, minimal crew so rations weren’t a problem. Nuc powered.” He paused. “They were right in front of us and we never saw them.”
“And when Seven launched…”
“They rose and fired the missile from that location.” The General finished. “All within one minute.”
The quiet in the room was deafening.
“Proklyatie,” Tatiana muttered under her breath just loud enough to be heard. Damn.
She looked at Bryce then at General Johanson. “So where do we stand?”
“Delayed.” The General answered simply and bluntly.
“Delayed,” Annette exclaimed. “For how long?”
The General shrugged. “Until we can guarantee security?” He paused. “I don’t know.”
“We can’t delay that long,” Bryce pointed out. “The mission isn’t designed to keep part of the crew in space for very long.”
“And you can’t deorbit them if we can’t launch.” Brecker pointed out.
“What about a different launch point or an airborne launch?” Tatiana offered. “They can’t be everywhere.”
The General nodded. “But we can’t simply launch on the spur of the moment. And an airborne asset is even easier to take out.”
“Do they have any more subs?” Bryce asked.
“Not that we’re aware of,” General Johanson replied. “But that doesn’t mean they can’t have a team on land do the same thing.”
“But,” Bryce considered the options. “They can’t launch a forty-three with a land team, can they?”
“And…” The General looked at him.
“Look,” Bryce stood, staring at the image as he moved around the table. “We can’t delay for very long and they know it.” He stared at the image for a moment more, then turned to General Johanson. “And if we continue to ground the operation, they win.”
“What’s your point?”
“If I find a crew to man Eight, my crew goes up on time. You pick it – airborne or on a Goliath.”
“I can’t allow that,” General Johanson waved his hand in a dismissive manner. “Besides, what does that accomplish?”
“We don’t give in.” Bryce responded simply, looking around at his crew. “My crew is willing to take the chance and get the schedule back on track.”
“Colonel,” Frederick smiled, looking around the room. “Even if you found a volunteer crew and your crew launched, how do you know the rest of the crews are willing to risk their lives?”
“Because we’ve trained too damn hard for too damn long,” Annette interrupted. “We’re not surrendering to those bastards now.”
The rest nodded.
“Listen, I don’t care how long you’ve trained,” The General stared at the crew for a moment. “I’m not putting any more men and women in harm’s way.”
“How ‘bout we make that decision, General.” Major Sorenson offered in a quiet voice. “After all, we’re the ones willing to put our lives on the line for this mission.” She paused a moment. “The launch is really nothing at all.”
“And if they launch another missile?” The General asked.
“Then we die,” Hans Erlichmann replied in a matter-of-fact tone. “We’ve already accepted we could very well die on a barren planet from a hell of a lot more things a lot nastier than a simple damn missile.”
“But what if we have a successful launch?” Bryce asked.
“Bryce,” The General stared at all of them. “Do you all realize what you’re saying?”
Bryce nodded. “Schedule a launch – airborne or Goliath. I don’t think we really care.”
“No promises,” Frederick shook his head. “I don’t like it one damn bit but I’ll think about what you said.”
“Fair enough,” Bryce replied, then picked up his hat as the rest of the crew stood. “We’ll wait for your decision, Sir.”
With that, the crew filed out, leaving General Johanson alone in the room.
As the door shut, he smiled.
It’d been easier than he anticipated.
With the sub destroyed, there was little chance his complicity in getting it through the security nets would be discovered.
The comm links to his contact in Al Mumit were destroyed and the hefty payment he’d received from them sat comfortable in a safe off-shore account that would take a legion of accountants months to tie back to him.
The talking heads and news services were still making the most of the shoot-down, playing and re-playing the video of the exploding rocket and debris crashing into the ocean.
Days later, there continued to be candlelight gatherings, prayer services and rallies in most of the major cities, all decrying the deaths and demanding justice.
Even the homegrown hillbillies, rightwing radicals and other crazies were all up in arms, demanding the U.S. destroy the UAA in retaliation and some Governors had gone public, demanding the President declare war on the UAA.
Some State legislatures had already passed declarations of war.
He laughed at that bit of news but realized how important it was – those singular acts had forced legislation that was now being passed in both houses of Congress authorizing the President to expand the range of military options he had available to defeat the UAA and to expand special operations against Al Mumit.
There was talk one or two Senators had drafted a declaration of war.
While the rest of the crews he’d spoken with had expressed skepticism at launching, General Johanson counted on Bryce and his crew stepping forward.
Once the launch was complete and Bryce’s crew was safely in space, he could brow-beat the rest of the Intrepid into submission.
He’d even court-martial one or two for cowardice if he had to.
His little plan was coming together nicely and General Johanson couldn’t believe how easy it had been so far.
With just a little bit of luck and good fortune, he could parlay this into something much better.
He would have to be on his toes, watching for just the right opportunity.
And he would have to be patient.
Frederick “Cobra” Johanson grinned.
He could be very patient if he had to.
Very patient indeed.

*****
*****

CHAPTER TEN

“...And, while with silent, lifting mind I've trod the high untrespassed sanctity of space,
– Put out my hand, and touched the face of God."

John Gillespie Magee, Jr.

*****

15 MAY 2053, 1400 HOURS 
SPACE LAUNCH COMPLEX NO. 45
CAPE CANAVERAL SPACE CENTER, FLORIDA

Bryce laid his hand on top of Tatiana’s as they lay back in the body-hugging seating, listening to the countdown.
Sunliner Eight stood on top of a Corvus Resupply Vehicle, a bird as large as a Sunliner and filled with more than enough supplies of every imaginable thing to keep the station well-supplied until a normal re-supply schedule could be re-instituted.
The crew had been offered the opportunity to use the Airborne Launch System, but elected to do the Goliath launch if they had a choice.
Every one of them, to a person, felt the Goliath launch would be the best way to prove the program could not be halted.
And every one, to a person, wanted the opportunity to experience the effects of a liftoff on top of the world’s most powerful launch vehicle.
NASA and the Mission organizers had not been thrilled but the Goliath was ready and the Corvus available, so Sunliner Eight was mated to the top and the fairing put in place.
“T-minus sixteen seconds and counting.”
“Activate launch pad sound suppression system.”
The reply was almost immediate. “Pad sound suppression system activated, all systems green.”
“T-minus ten seconds and counting.”
“Activate main engine hydrogen burn off system.”
Commander Joyce Richardson, a good friend of several of the crew and the first to volunteer to crew the mission, interrupted the sequence over the internal comm systems. “Shields down.”
“Main engine fuel burn-off system activated.”
“Eight.”
“Seven.”
“Main engine start.”
“Four.”
“Three.”
“Two.”
“One.”
Noise filled the cabin as, less than a second after the ignition command was sent, Sunliner Eight rumbled and vibrated, the thrust and thunder from the monstrous Goliath engines generated thousands of pounds of force to lift the huge rocket and its human payload from the launch pad.
Commander Richardson along with her crew of three others, as well as the twenty men and women comprising the crew of Explorer One inside Sunliner Eight, felt the ship shudder, vibrate and rumble beneath them as the big main engines ignited, the rocket hesitating for a split second before they could feel themselves begin to move forward.
Launch commentator Mark Harris, a smile on his face, spoke the words everyone had held their breath to hear since the loss of Sunliner Seven as the Goliath rocket slowly cleared the pad, inching its way up and past the tower with increasing speed.
“Liftoff…We have liftoff of ICSM-05 shuttle mission to Serenity. It has cleared the tower and we are back in business.”
The four semi-liquid-fueled booster engines increased from ninety percent thrust to just over one hundred ten percent thrust as planned while Data Processing Systems Controller Andrei Balandin confirmed the event, “Liftoff confirmed.”
Steve LaFountain’s face beamed as he repeated the declaration, “Liftoff...”, then looked at Rick, standing next to him.
Unlike before, Rick held no coffee cup nor did he look to be enjoying himself.
His eyes were glued to the newly installed security monitoring systems manned by a small crew of security specialists.
The covers on the “FIRE” button of the AGS-76 Quad-Barrel Twenty Millimeter Anti-Aircraft Cannons, each slaved to the Master Control and each equipped with a SPQ-49 Density Wave Discriminating Radar system, were open.
Each operator of the weapon systems paid no attention to the launch nor were their headsets tuned into the chatter between the flight and mission control.
Rather, each was tasked to a very specific portion of the ocean or the land, their systems covering just over one degree of coverage.
And each monitored visual as well as a wide range of electronic monitoring systems for even the remotest indication of any type of attack.
If they were to detect one, the SPQ-49 system would immediately lock on and guide thousands of steel bullets spewed forth from the AGS-76 into the target before it could get close to the rapidly rising Goliath vehicle.
The compliment of naval patrol, subsurface and airborne assets was doubled for this launch and the land forces were spread out in quarter mile arcs for almost twenty miles surrounding the launch site.
Some would call it overkill, but construction had already started on permanent emplacements for the combined weapon and radar systems not only at Cape Canaveral but at all other space launch centers in the United States.
On board Sunliner Eight, Joyce directed the S-band communications systems to switch antennas, smiling and giving a thumbs up to her co-pilot, Lieutenant Commander Gordon Mordocky.
Cocky and with an ego to match his cockiness, Gordo, as his friends called him, gave her a thumbs up and a big grin.
He had half-jokingly claimed loudly to any and all who would listen that if it wasn’t for him losing signal on his cell phone, he would have been the first to volunteer and he’d be sitting in Joyce’s seat.
In truth, Gordo respected and admired Joyce and would’ve surrendered the seat to her even if it had been offered to him.
Inside the passenger cabin, Bryce and the Explorer crew continued to feel the rocking motion as the Goliath gained momentum, finally clearing the tower.
Strapped tightly in their seats with the visors to their helmets in the down position and oxygen flowing, each dealt with the bouncing and gentle jerking in their own way.
Some, as had crews before them, held handheld vid-recorders in hand, recoding for posterity what it felt like to ride a Goliath into space.
Other sat back, eyes closed, lips muttering sometimes silent, sometimes vocal prayers just as those who preceded them had.
Unlike previous flights, however, very few simply relaxed, the thought of another attack in their minds.
Gordo checked the internal pressure of each of the boosters, reporting the readings to her, “Internal pressure on all boosters normal. Goliath pressures all nominal.”
Goliath finally cleared the launch pad tower and, as the nozzles on each booster responded to steering commands, began the corkscrew maneuver.
Eight seconds later, Commander Richardson reported to Mission Control, “Control, Sunliner Eight, Roll Program Complete.”
The Launch Director acknowledged the request, “Roger roll, Seven.”
Morgan Kerry watched the real-time telemetry and the three-dimensional portrayal of the ship, sweat beading on her forehead.
Like the others in Mission Control, she was nervous and, though she didn’t want to admit it, a bit scared.
“I have good roll, Eight,” She reported. “God speed to you and that crew, Joyce. God speed to you all.”
“Roger, good roll.” Joyce acknowledged, then lifted the visor from her helmet, switching off the oxygen flow and flipping the status switch to advise the passengers.
In the passenger cabin, a yellow visor symbol disappeared, yet no one lifted their own visors in unison nor did any shut off the flow of oxygen.
No one cheered, nor were there any congratulatory high fives.
Everyone in the cabin simply sat, continuing to pray or simply watching the altitude climb on the monitors before them.
Mark Harris, still following the chatter between Mission Control and Sunliner Eight, reported the status to the public, to those in the various Observation complexes and to the men and women on Sunliner Eight, “Good roll program confirmed. Sunliner Eight is now heading downrange.”
Thirty minutes later, Commander Joyce Richardson, breathing a sigh of relief, announced to the crews at Mission Control and to her passengers words every one of them had been waiting to hear.
“Mission Control, Sunliner Eight has achieved orbit and we are assuming a vector to intercept Serenity.”
Even through the crew hatch, she could hear the cheers and yells of the twenty men and women who had placed their very lives on the line in a gamble against an enemy that had already killed so many of their friends and comrades.
What she couldn’t hear was the screaming, cheers, and yells of a happy crew at Mission Control, nor could she see the tossed hats, the high-fives, tears or the other overjoyed reactions of an entire Operations crew on edge since that first announcement of Lift Off.
What she couldn’t know was the fact that in every city, town and hamlet, men, women, and children had watched, breath held and prayers on lips, as the entire drama played itself out on vid screens in homes, businesses, malls, and every place someone could watch from.
With the announcement the crew had made it safely to orbit, an entire nation breathed once again, tears falling and prayers answered.
Steve LaFountain looked down for a moment at the sound of her words, setting his data pad on the desk, then looked at Rick.
Rick smiled, tears unabashedly flowing down his cheeks as he stuck out a meaty paw.
Steve couldn’t stop his own tears as he shook the man’s hand.
Three hundred.
And on board Sunliner Eight, Bryce and the crew of Explorer One continued to smile, congratulate each other and occasionally utter a profane oath toward the UAA and Al Mumit.
And several continued to say small prayers, tears moistening eyes as each offered thanks for the privilege of living.
Releasing the locks on their helmets, Bryce and Tatiana slipped them off and stowed the bulky contraptions in their proper place.
Then, almost in unison, both turned to each other.
It was Tatiana who gently leaned toward him first as he did the same, both kissing each other tenderly and telling the other, “I love you.”
Joyce’s voice broke the celebrations. “We should be arriving at Serenity in approximately one hour. Everyone please remain seated and we’ll get you there.”
Back on Earth, General Johanson concluded the call from the President. “Thank you, Mr. President. I look forward to our meeting.”
He set the comm down and leaned back in the chair, looking out at the contrail left behind by the successful launch.
The honeymoon with Al Mumit and the UAA was over and he made that point crystal clear to the contact who had come to see him.
The body had been left as a public display, hung from a pedestrian overpass along a well-used stretch of road, the bullet hole between the open eyes clear testament to the message he was sending.
And judging by the response he’d received over the comm unit before he crushed it into an unrecognizable heap, then buried it, UAA and Al Mumit got the message.
He was angry the bounty they swore on his head was only ten million dollars, but he figured with what he had in store for them, that amount would climb considerably in a short period of time.
Frederick watched the activity for another moment before issuing his first order since the launch, “Stand down the ADUs. Tell the Commander I want to chat with him later about the permanent emplacements and activating a unit at each location.”
“Yes, Sir,” A pause. “Anything else?”
General Johanson pulled his comm out, “Not at this time.”
“Copy, Sir.” Came the response as General Johanson completed dialing the number.
“Decker, this is Frederick,” Johanson smiled as Ron Decker engaged him in brief small talk. After a short conversation, the General came to the point. “Listen, Ron, can you fly out here tonight?”
“Absolutely,” Ron Decker responded. “What’s up?”
“Remember the close-in, ground weapon systems you were talking about,” Johanson grinned. “I’d like to chat about them.”
Decker was already powering down his pad and signaling his administrative assistant to get the corporate plane ready to go. “I’m already on my way.”
The General concluded the call without another word and set the comm unit down on the desk.
Ten million dollars.
A paltry ten million dollars.
The dumb bastards would regret insulting him like that.
The day was getting better.

*****

20 MAY 2053, 1145 HOURS (UST)
ACER-V DOCKING CHAMBER A-1
SERENITY SPACE DOCK, HIGH EARTH ORBIT

“Captain Donaldson, Sir,” The young pilot held out his hand as he greeted Bryce in the zero-gravity chamber. “You ready, Colonel?”
An add-on unit to the Serenity Space Station, each of the twenty chambers served as both a preparation room and isolation chamber between the station and the two-person tug assigned to the airlock.
Spartan in its accommodations, the chamber was designed to provide all the support infrastructure the tug assigned to it would need, as well as a place for the two-person crew to don the specially-designed coveralls and helmets.
“You don’t know how much I genuinely appreciate this,” Bryce smiled as he slid on the coveralls and checked the electronic display on the right forearm. “Do I get to fly this thing?”
The display indicated all sensor systems in the suit were operating at maximum efficiency.
The young pilot laughed, handing Bryce his helmet as he took his own from the rack. “No, Sir. That’s my job.”
Bryce held out his hand, pointing to the airlock. “After you, then.”
Both men slid through the open airlock and into the Autonomously Capable Enhanced Reaction Vehicle or ACER-V.
Affectionately known as the ‘tug’ to those who flew it, it was an ungainly looking vehicle, shipped into space in a pod-like case, then released once the transport had arrived at the station. 
Modeled much like the Deepwater Manned Submersibles used on Earth, it looked like a large pod with a clear glass bubble on the front.
Like its Earth counterparts it was modeled after, the ACER-V had a number of articulated arms and carrying bins along its sides, as well as under and above the bubble.
Using a network of cameras and sensors on every side of the craft, when a pilot wore the odd-looking helmet Bryce carried with him into the craft, the Helmet Mounted Display or HMD, presented a high-resolution, three-dimensional, graphic, navigational reference as well as the operating performance data of the systems the pilot used in whatever task he was assigned.
Those tasks ranged from simple replacement of parts and units on the space station itself to the actual construction activities going on in any of the five docking bays.
The articulated arms, each equipped with a sensor-equipped ‘hand’, complete with five fingers and an opposable thumb, were so sensitive and reactive to the pilot’s movements that it would appear to the operator they were, in fact, actually accomplishing the task instead of doing it remotely through the robots.
Bryce settled into the co-pilot seat, allowing the cushions to adjust to his body before he activated the switch to swing the control yoke and console into place.
Captain Donaldson had already shifted his own console and yoke into place and was going through the pre-flight checklist to ensure the tug was both operational and ready for a mission.
The view stunned Bryce.
Because the tug faced outward, there was no sensation of being connected to anything. Before him lay the Earth, the Asian continent directly below him, bathed in the early rays of sunrise.
His first thought was to turn away, as if what he was looking at was somehow a secret the human race wasn’t supposed to see.
“This is absolutely beautiful,” Bryce commented in a low voice, almost as if he were afraid it would somehow disturb or destroy the moment. “I never realized…”
“I know,” Responded the Captain. “I read all the reports from the Mercury, Gemini, Apollo and Shuttle missions and I thought they were just being over-emotional.” He paused a moment, adjusting a reading. “But I’ve been up here four times now and I still get goose bumps looking at that.”
He did a quick test fire of each of the attitude jets, then grinned at Bryce, “Ready?”
Bryce nodded and the Captain shrugged his shoulders to settle into the seat just a bit more. “Serenity Control, Tug Two Zero ready for Docking Release.”
“Two Zero cleared to release, safe trip.” Came the reply in a distinctive feminine voice with a clipped English accent.
“Releasing…now.” He replied, pushing the release button on the console.
Bryce felt the faintest of movements as the small ship’s magnetic docking mechanism released and the tug became untethered to the station, floating for a moment in space as the Captain slowly turned her.
The craft turned one hundred eighty degrees and backed away from the station, Bryce once again seeing Serenity for the mammoth station it was.
He also saw the ten tug stations lining Serenity’s hull on this side and assumed the same number lined at least one other side.
“How many tugs are assigned to Serenity?” Bryce asked as he took in all surrounding him. 
The white of the hull on the station contrasted sharply against the blackness of space as the sun’s unfettered rays seemed to make everything stand out in exquisite detail.
“Twenty currently,” The Captain responded as he began the journey to the construction bays. “Ten on the side we’re on and ten on the opposite side. We call them the A and B sides of the station.” Another quick adjustment on the attitude jets as the little tug began to rise up over the enormous station. “The C and D sides are for service and transport shuttles.”
By now the tug was just clearing the top of the station and sliding to the side of the gravitational ring.
“How about a quick tour of the Harvesting Operation before we head over to Intrepid?” The Captain offered.
Bryce nodded and Donaldson shifted the little craft onto a different vector with simple bursts of gas from the maneuver jets.
The tiny craft quickly moved closer to the asteroid processing facility and soon Bryce could see the miners hard at work.
As they neared, it became easier to make out detail.
The processing facility was a large slowly rotating wheel, much like an old wagon wheel, housing the living quarters for the miners as well as the administrative offices of the operation. 
The spokes connecting the outer ring to the inner hub, much as the spokes of those old wooden wheels had done, allowed for the work shifts to move easily from the living areas into the work zones.
The hub was large, serving on one side as a docking port for support and crew ships while the other side opened into the work areas where the asteroids were processed.
Bryce could see nine massive, cage-like docking ports on the end of the hub where the asteroid mining operations were conducted.
Each asteroid was brought to the facility then towed and inserted into one of the metal-framed, cage-like docking ports.
Once locked down and anchored, the miners swarmed over it in their pressurized suits, life giving oxygen provided through thick tethers anchoring each to the airlock within each cage.
Inside the cage, laser cutters and pneumatic hammers slowly and carefully cut and separated chunks of the asteroid away from the main body.
Each chunk was then placed into pre-built containers docked to the one side of the cage. 
Once the containers were packed and closed, a tug replaced the full container with an empty one, then towed the full container to the opposite side of the hub, where cargo ships waited with empty holds to take the full containers back to Earth.
As Bryce understood the process, once on Earth, the space rocks were subjected to a variety of cleansing and purification steps to ensure nothing alien was introduced into Earth’s environment.
Once declared cleansed and purified, they were pulverized to be processed into their individual mineral elements for use in any number of ways.
Bryce noticed a pair of autonomous mining tugs sitting off to the side, having just arrived with a large asteroid in tow, the cables snaking out from the tugs to the harpoon anchor points embedded deep in the rock.
They reminded Bryce in an abstract way of the old whaling days, when small boats would venture into the ocean to use harpoon-tipped spears to capture the whales.
It would be several hours before the tugs were relieved of their prize, but it was clear the asteroid they had retrieved was exceptionally large.
Right now, the two little ships simply maintained their position relative to the facility, keeping their captive under control.
Two other captured asteroids sat in cages, waiting their turn, while three of the cages were empty.
“What happens if an asteroid is too large for a cage?” Bryce asked.
“They use very small charges to break it apart after they encase it in a fine mesh steel netting,” The Captain replied. “I’ve only seen it once, but it’s impressive.” They watched the operation for a moment before he spoke again. “Nothing goes to waste.”
“How much do they get out of those?” Bryce asked the young officer, fascinated by what he was watching.
“Some are almost pure iron,” He replied. “But I’ve heard they’ve found some amazing stuff in others.”
“Really?” Bryce asked, watching the cutters work. “Like what?”
“Other than enormous quantities of gold, silver, platinum, tungsten and other metals,” He answered. “I’ve heard they’ve discovered at least four new minerals they’ve never seen before.”
Bryce shook his head.
“How long does it take to bring one here?”
The young man paused. “Not quite sure,” He ventured. “I thought I heard someone say up to a year for the larger ones – a bit sooner for some of the smaller ones. Most come from the belt.”
Bryce watched for a few moments longer before the young officer nudged the little craft a bit with a maneuvering jet.
“You ready to go, Colonel?”
Bryce nodded and they changed course for the space docks.
Massive in size, the docks were already easily visible.
Identical in shape to the station housing the miners at the Harvesting Facility, the Dock Housing Station was probably ten times as large. The sides of it were completely covered with solar panels with the exception of the inner sides where the spokes extended into the rotating collar on the hub.
On each end of the stationary hub, a long square tube extended outward holding five construction and docking slots.
On the end of each tube sat a set of docking slots for supply and crew ships.
Two crew ships were just separating from the space docks on the end closest to them.
Bryce watched the two crew ships both slowly maneuver to avoid touching each other.
“I assume they rotate only a few of the crews at a time.”
“That’s what I hear,” Captain Donaldson replied. “But there always seems to be crew or supply ships constantly docking there.” He observed.
Bryce looked at him. “From where?  I didn’t think we had that kind of capability to have that many flights up and back.”
“I thought so, too,” The Captain agreed. “But I’ve seen some strange markings on some of these ships.” He grinned. “I’ll bet ya a paycheck we got contractors involved. I’ve even heard scuttlebutt that there’s spaceports open we’re not even aware of.”
“Really?” Bryce asked, surprised.
“Just what I’ve heard.” Came the noncommittal reply.
They inched closer and Bryce could now make out eight ships in the construction docks while one dock on each end remained empty.
“Ten ships?”
“I know.”
The sections and other materials to make each ship were being manufactured at designated fabrication centers and came up almost weekly now from the launch centers on Earth – Bryce could only remember the three in the United States, two in Russia, one in Japan and two in Central America – both leased to the European Space Agency.
From the briefings they’d received, he knew the three sites in the U.S. – Vandenberg, Shriver, and Canaveral – continued to launch supply and crew ships at a steady pace, while the Russians could only maintain a steady pace at the northern launch site located at Plesetsk.
Their second site at Vostochny was under constant threat of attack, though it was heavily guarded by both Russian and American ground and air forces and had not sustained an attack since the conflict began.
The ESA sites at Kourou and Maranhao were finally launching with some consistency but the sole Japanese site at Tanegashima suffered the same fate as Vostochny, though it too had survived so far unscathed.
The Tokyo government was working on a much larger second facility near Misawa and a third south of Tokyo, but it was still at least a year from either being able to conduct any launches.
Close enough to see them, Bryce marveled at the multi-national crews of space welders and crafters swarming over the ships, moving materials and completed sections into place to be welded or bolted together.
Two of the ships were mostly complete, while one looked to be about half-finished.
The remaining ships were only skeletons, still waiting for engines and other infrastructure to arrive.
In one dock, the massive, pressurized oxygen tanks, all built in space, were in place within the skeleton of the ship while the enormous gravity wheel was anchored to the side along with the command module.
Most were Intrepid-class ships destined for Mars but one, the Adventure, was an Adventure-class Exploration vessel now assigned the mission to travel to Europa to establish a permanent outpost whose mission was to investigate the liquid oceans beneath the surface of the icy moon.
A second Adventure-class ship, the Sojourner, had recently been assigned the mission to another of Jupiter’s moons, Ganymede.
While Adventurer and Sojourner continued to be built, only the first one of the Intrepid class – the Intrepid herself – sat in her dock, complete and ready to go.
The flagship of what would become a fleet of more than twenty ships, there was nothing sleek or sexy about her.
Many who saw the ship for the first time commented how she resembled a giant smooth-sided shoebox with slightly rounded edges, painted white with a large red strip down the centerline of each side.
Her name – Intrepid – was boldly displayed at the front of the box-like main body of the craft and she measured a little over five hundred feet wide, just under two hundred feet tall and close to two thousand feet long.
On the front of the main body of the ship sat an enormous and constantly rotating collar resembling an enclosed Ferris wheel.
By design, this was the only portion of the ship where gravity existed and it housed laboratories, medical facilities, dining facilities, a gymnasium and other functions where gravity was considered a necessity.
In front of that rotating collar sat a second large, box-like structure with rounded edges called the Forward Command Section or FCS – itself roughly half the height and width of the ship and stretching close to a hundred feet long.
Enormous in its own right.
The front of the FCS was covered by a great rounded, nose cone-like structure housing radar and a multitude of other sensors.
On top of the FCS sat the bridge of the great ship, looking like a glassed-in dome.
It was actually two bridges.
There was the ship’s bridge taking up the bottom half of the dome and a tiny secondary bridge sitting directly on top of that making up the remaining top part of the dome.
That upper bridge was designed for space navigation and observation – a place for members of the crew to get away and observe the beauty of space.
Hanging from the bottom of the Forward Command Module was a skyscraper-like appendage extending almost two hundred feet down and looking like some type of beard ending in a smaller dome of its own.
This was the Primary Control Tower or the PCT for managing incoming and outgoing craft traveling to and leaving the Martian surface.
At the rear of the ship on each side of its box-shaped body sat a structure resembling the superstructure on an aircraft carrier, each one covered with protruding antennas, sensor packages, robotic units, mechanical arms, and other appendages.
These were the control towers tasked with controlling the loading and unloading of the cubes on each side of the ship.
They were also the points where observations of the ship’s body as well as repairs required to keep the ship safe would be controlled from.
Attached to each of the towers were five tug stations while behind the towers sat the engineering section along with the chemical engine assemblies and the larger booster bundles. 
The tugs enabled engineers to leave the ship and maneuver around it in pod-like craft.
Through the center of the ship, from the nosecone to the entrance to the Engineering section at the tail of the ship ran the huge tube called the Central Corridor.
This corridor provided the main avenue for the passengers and crew of the great ship to move about.
It was, for all intents and purposes, the spine of the Intrepid and through it ran the electronic pathways to every part of the ship, pathways which were the very lifeblood of the great vessel.
Branching off the Central Corridor were hundreds of side corridors offering access to each section of cubes, operations sections and the myriad of crew and stasis compartments.
There was even a mass transit system within the Central Corridor offering stops every two hundred feet to expedite travel from one end to the other – a simplistic system using compressed oxygen as the acceleration and braking gas.
In reality, the Intrepid was nothing more than the space-based version of the enormous Foxtrot class Super Container Cargo ships plying the Earth’s oceans, some hauling up to one hundred thousand TEUs.
In fact, the Intrepid’s purpose and mission was virtually identical to those gargantuan ocean vessels – to do one thing and one thing only – haul enormous amounts of cargo and humans to distant locations.
That mission did not require smooth lines or the look of speed.
It did not require heavy armor or bristling weaponry.
Nor did it require anything except the means to move massive quantities of material and personnel effectively and efficiently.
“How much traffic for Tranquility goes through here?” Bryce asked.
“Not much,” Replied the Captain. “Most of it heads straight through.”
Tranquility – the great city on the moon nicknamed the Emerald City had become a source of scientific wonder and discovery.
Specifically designed ships ferried supplies, equipment and relief crews to Earth’s companion and the expanding population of the growing underground city.
That expansion had poked through the surface in a variety of locations and ways. Even now, the first towers had risen on the lunar surface, offering scientific research unheard of opportunities to witness the solar system surrounding them.
Man’s inevitable expansion of his presence into space had begun.
Bryce realized as he stared at Intrepid that simplicity was the main driver in the construction of these first-generation inter-planetary ships.
He immediately noticed the sections making up the side of the Intrepid, each composed of giant clamshell-like doors.
One set was open, revealing a steel framework matrix designed to hold hundreds of K-Cubes – the modular mission-based cubes named for Arlee Keen, the genius engineer who envisioned the concept of modular, no-waste, space-based construction and inter-planetary travel less than twenty years prior.
Once filled, the cubes were sent into orbit in stacks on top of the mission-specific Aquarius Reusable Launch and Re-Entry Vehicle systems, usually referred to as ARLEVs.
Arriving in low orbit, ARLEV would release a strapped load of twenty K-Cubes toward Serenity, then divert to the Harvesting Facility to take on a load of mining containers.
If the Harvesting Facility didn’t have enough full cubes, ARLEV filled the remaining space with cubes filled by another company specifically contracted to remove space debris still orbiting from missions into space conducted decades ago.
Most of the lower and medium orbit debris and old satellites had been cleared over the years, either through deorbiting or as part of early collecting efforts.
But an enormous amount of debris and dead satellites still remained, especially in the higher orbits.
The contractor operated from a smaller facility where satellites and space debris were brought then broken up enough to be placed into the cubes.
Most of the K-Cubes destined for other worlds were filled with the tons of equipment, supplies and material the pioneers would need to successfully establish man’s first permanent presence on those worlds.
Some were empty to form passageways off the Central Corridor for the crew of the Intrepid to work in the zero-gravity environment surrounding the cube matrix.
Still others contained individualized living quarters, medical facilities, and the dozens of other functions necessary for the crew to run the ship or a city.
As the stacks arrived in space, they were disassembled from the strapped packs, then each cube was placed in its correct space within the matrix of the ship it was assigned to using small single person operated tug ships.
After each section was full and properly configured, the great clamshell doors were closed then sealed while the assembly tugs moved to the next section.
Atmosphere was restored to the completed section of the ship and the crew inside began configuring the section for the journey.
Once the Intrepid arrived at Mars, the crew would reverse the process, deploying dozens of Cube Deorbit Tugs or CDTs.
The crews of the CDTs were like truck drivers – each assigned a specific cube to be taken gently to the Martian surface in a specific pattern controlled by Coordination Officers in one of the control towers on the back of the ship.
Operating in a gravity-free environment ensured there would be no real sense of up or down for those tower operators, handlers and controllers.
Once on the surface, the cubes would be moved into place by awkward-looking machines called “Cube Movers” or CMs, then connected with expanding, self-sealing joints to form a self-contained city limited in growth only by the geography of the site, the number of cubes used and the imagination of the planners.
Where necessary, walls of the cubes could be removed to create larger spaces, hallways, and what would eventually be avenues for commuting.
Even as crews loaded the Intrepid, engineers at NASA were experimenting and determining just how much they could expand the size of the cubes to give them infinitely more possibilities.
Some cubes were packed with the equipment needed to create large domed structures for agriculture and park-type settings.
Bags of soil additives produced from composted biomass filled others.
Still others contained seeds while some contained the equipment necessary to develop water resources.
Some of the most important loads were the cubes holding equipment to create or compress the oxygen needed for breathing.
Even construction, mining, transportation and other machines and vehicles were broken down into smaller components and stored in cubes, ready for re-building to accomplish a variety of tasks on the Martian surface.
It was always the intended design of the project to expand the colony below surface, ensuring the new city could not only be self-sufficient, but become a resource of raw materials and even a manufacturing hub for man as he extended his presence further into space.
The possibilities were limited only by the lack of imagination and ingenuity.
There was talk of slowly terraforming the planet back to a planet lush and green with oceans of water.
Realists admitted the concept was logical but remained skeptical whether it could be made reality because of the changes Mars had undergone over the millennia while visionaries contemplated a smaller Earth.
Despite the tons of material and equipment stored in the thousands of cubes which made up the interior of the Intrepid, what some considered the real treasure were snuggled below in the belly of the massive ship.
In a line along the center of that belly, twenty Explorer craft were cradled in unique cubes of their own embedded in the bottom of the ship.
The Explorer-class vessel was nothing more than a larger and significantly modified ship based loosely on the old United States Space Shuttles, designed to act initially as a ferry moving personnel from orbit to the planet surface, then to serve as an inter-atmospheric craft allowing for widespread exploration and expanded colonization of the red planet.
Like her predecessor, the Explorer resembled a large conventional aircraft, with the same double-delta wing configuration as the original Shuttle.
Like the Shuttle, the initial sweep of each wing was a sharp eighty degrees along the inner leading edge, merging into a forty-five-degree sweep along the outer leading edge.
And like its predecessor, the vertical stabilizer's leading edge was swept back at a fifty-degree angle.
Unlike the Shuttle, the Explorer-class ships contained a very advanced and complex system of landing and takeoff thrusters as well as in-flight propulsion and maneuvering jets run by an integrated artificial-intelligence systems and supplemented by thousands of sensors enabling the crew to fly the ship as they would any other type of aircraft.
The Explorer craft also had a capability no Shuttle could claim – unlike her distant relative, the Explorer not only transported personnel and material to distant parts of the Martian landscape, but they were also specifically designed to provide shelter for up to twenty explorers for thirty days at a time when necessary while serving as mobile laboratories for any type of exploration required.
Even the bays holding the Explorer craft were themselves engineering masterpieces.
Built in modular sections on Earth, the units were sent into orbit, then assembled to hold each ship in an individualized protective cradle until it reached its destination.
Like the smaller K-cubes, the bays would be disassembled then ferried to the Martian surface where they would be re-assembled and re-configured to serve as individual hangers for the housing and repair of each craft when it wasn’t in use.
Eventually, the project called for a squadron of fifty of the magnificent ships to form the first military-civilian air unit on the red planet to become the airborne transportation between cities on the red planet while terrestrial transportation systems were assembled and put into operation.
There was talk of a smaller version of the Explorer being developed in one of the advanced NASA laboratories.
Affectionately nicknamed the ‘Taxi’, the planners at NASA envisioned sending large numbers to the red planet in future missions for individualized travel and exploration.
Behind the last Explorer pod on the Intrepid sat a large bay containing dozens of robotic drone aircraft designed to fill the skies of Mars for extended periods of time taking samples and exploring the planet in every imaginable fashion with every conceivable type of sensor.
Each would be launched initially by Intrepid, then retrieved on the surface where they would be serviced and used for future missions.
Once the cubes and colonists were safely on Mars, the Intrepid would begin the trip back to Earth to gather up the next package of cubes and Explorer ships for the second journey.
Because construction on the cubes and Explorers continued while Intrepid was completing the first mission, the turnaround time before she would start the next mission was simply a matter of loading the ship, correcting any maintenance issues and starting the journey back toward the red planet.
Eventually, three other Intrepid-class ships – Discovery, Enterprise and the Surveyor – would bring to Mars additional materials for the surface as well as the materials needed to begin construction of a massive space station to orbit the planet.
Not only was the station intended to become the arrival and departure point for the inter-planetary travel between the two worlds, it would serve to launch missions even deeper into the solar system.
Bryce watched as a cube was carefully maneuvered into place while the little ship he sat in paused on its journey.
Once the cube was in place and locked in, the tug backed out carefully then headed off, presumably to get another cube.
Continuing on their own journey, the small craft slowly made its way around the nose of the Intrepid and Bryce could see men and women on both the upper and lower bridges of the ship busy putting equipment in place and readying the vessel for its upcoming journey.
The gravity wheel was already spinning slowly and he could see light through many of the portals on the various levels of the Forward Command Section.
“From what I’m seeing here, your ship is being moved into place for insertion now,” The Captain commented, checking the data pad mounted to his knee. “We’ll slide into the bay to let you take a look around, then pull out and watch the insertion.”
“Thanks,” Bryce remarked, still staring at the abyss surrounding him in the unearthly silence. “You really don’t know how much I appreciate this.”
“Sir,” The Captain paused as he moved the little tug closer to the belly of completed Intrepid. “You saved my ass from a seventy-eight at Yong-bin. This is the least I can do for you.”
“Yong-bin?” Bryce looked at the man.
“Yes, Sir,” The man replied. “I was a young L.T. then…Slider Five One…that bastard slipped behind me and had tone when you nailed him.”
“I remember that,” Bryce shook his head. “Seems like a long time ago.”
“Maybe for you, Sir,” He replied. “But for me, I relive it every day. I rotated back stateside right after that to recover from the wounds I received and got married.”
“Outstanding!” Bryce grinned.
“Yep,” The man grinned as well. “I got a beautiful wife and an even prettier baby daughter, and I owe it all to you,” He paused, watching the glass-paneled console and the embedded data streams. “Looks like the tugs have Explorer One positioned outside Bay One.”
He thumbed a switch. “Control, hold Explorer One insertion for twenty. Inspection check.”
“Roger Two Oh. Insertion held for two zero minutes.”
The Captain quickly maneuvered the tug in closer and Bryce could only stare as the Intrepid became larger and larger, finally filling his entire view.
She was truly a massive ship.
Though she was designed to be really nothing more than a freight hauler, she was absolutely beautiful in her own right.
The tug slid between the construction docking arms and the ship itself, then maneuvered past assembly booms and the belly of the ship itself until it finally approached the opening of Bay One, the temporary new home for Explorer One.
As the tug approached the Intrepid and Explorer One, Bryce simply stared at his new command.
He had studied every part of the ship at the school and knew its systems inside and out after training for hours in the mock-ups and in NBL-1, but to see his ship for the first time, hanging in space motionless, was something he wasn’t prepared for.
The Captain flew the little tug around the Explorer and Bryce could only gaze in wonder as the big craft slipped under the ship.
After circling the Explorer, the Captain deftly slipped the tug into the bay, bubble front pointing up – the unique vantage point giving Bryce a chance to see the enormous bay.
He gazed in wonder at everything surrounding him, fascinated by what had been created in such a relatively short period of time.
Finally, after what seemed an eternity yet was only minutes, the tug holding Bryce and the Captain slipped out of the bay and, after several moments of coordination, the tugs attached to Explorer One began to gently maneuver it into position.
Riding into the bay upside down, Explorer One looked strange as she was slowly and gently pushing into the bay of the great ship by the four tugs.
Imperceptibly, the Explorer finally pressed against the thick poly-pads – giant pads spaced throughout the ceiling of the bay acting as pillows to cushion the Explorer craft for the journey.
Once the locks holding the craft in place were engaged, each of the tugs slowly disengaged, then departed.
With her tail folded down for transport, the two doors to the bay began to close and Bryce could only watch as his ship was finally swallowed into the belly of the Intrepid.
“You ready to head back?” The Captain asked.
“Yep,” Bryce responded. He looked at the man. “Thanks.”
“Like I said,” The Captain grinned as they headed back. “It’s the least I can offer someone who saved my life.”

*****

1 JUNE 2053, 1200 HOURS (UST)
SERENITY SPACE DOCK, HIGH EARTH ORBIT

The locks released as the enormous ship slipped from her moorings in the space dock. 
Gentle thrusts from the temporarily attached mooring thrusters pushed the behemoth vessel away from the gridded structure in which she was born and out into space.
Once clear of the facility and still moving backwards, directional thrusters fired on the left side of her nose as well as on the opposite side at her stern, slowly turning the great ship toward deep space and the planet Mars as the myriad of mooring thrusters disengaged then sped back to the storage rack of their own accord.
It took some time to orient a ship her size, even assisted by the directional thrusting and several space tugs that now joined the effort.
The space tugs did what they could to assist her in attaining the correct attitude for the journey, using their own thrusters and gentle nudges against tug-points to help get the ship into position.
Eventually, once Intrepid was properly oriented, each tug disconnected, then headed back to the space station.
Suspended in space above the Earth, Intrepid hung, poised to begin the epic journey as final checks were made.
“All systems Green, Admiral,” Captain Moorland stated from her position.
“Very good, XO,” Admiral Donald “Wild Man” Jackson smiled as he observed the activities from his command chair on the bridge.
Spinning the chair to his left, he addressed his Chief Engineer.  “Commander Wilson, how are my engines?”
“You have a fine set of engines, Admiral,” Commander Ronald Thadius Wilson responded proudly, his heavy English accent ringing throughout the bridge. “They’re online and waiting your command.”
 “Shall we test those engines, Commander?” The Admiral smiled, then faced forward. “Helm, Engage the ILFBs.”
“Helm, engage the ILFBs, aye.” Answered the young Lieutenant seated at the front of the ship in a routine rehearsed over a hundred times in the trainers.
The Initial Liquid-Fueled Boosters or ILFBs ignited and, after a brief pause, the ship very slowly began to inch forward, almost imperceptible in the void of space without frame of reference.
“ILFBs engaged and all systems showing Green,” Reported Ron Wilson.
The Admiral nodded.
The ILFBs were designed to get the great ship moving forward and then shut down shortly afterwards.
They would be required to do the same maneuver when the ship would head back to Earth and conservation of the critical fuel was imperative.
Ten minutes after ignition, the ILFBs immediately shutdown.
Almost immediately after ILFB shutdown, the Enhanced Ion Boosters ignited.
“ILFBs shutdown, EIBs online and engaged.” Sang out the helm. “We have forward motion.”
“Congratulations, people,” The Admiral smiled as he stood. “We have just initiated a new era in mankind’s exploration of space.” He paused. “This may not be the Enterprise and we may not have warp drive, but we have definitely started a voyage to explore a strange new world and toward a future we will never step back from.”
The shimmering blue glow grew in intensity as the engines were slowly brought to full thrust by the helmsman.
Unlike the science fiction movies of the late twentieth and early twenty first century featuring aerodynamic aircraft-like spaceships flashing through space and doing maneuvers as if they were fighter jets in an atmosphere, the Intrepid moved at a relative snail’s pace.
The EIBs would remain ignited for close to the duration of the journey, ever increasing the speed of the Intrepid in incredibly small increments.
She would never approach the dizzying speeds or even attempt any type of maneuver exhibited by those sleek world-saving ships of scriptwriter imagination.
Perhaps, in the future, mankind would truly race around the stars in jet fighter-like spacecraft performing dizzying feats of flying.
Intrepid might very well become the seed of that future – the first of many generations of spaceships ferrying mankind amongst the stars.
For now, however, mankind would have to settle for a somewhat slower pace toward a very uncertain future.
A snail’s pace.

*****

Lieutenant Laura Forchay gazed at the picture of her long-dead parents in her hand then at the Earth filling the window.
Damn.
She was leaving this planet with all its memories, both good and bad, to be part of something both monumental and historic.
Though she would return to Earth one day when her scheduled relief arrived on Mars, she never took anything for granted.
“You OK, hon?” her fiancé asked?
She wiped a tear from her eye before it could float away in the zero gravity.
“Sure,” She lied. “I’m fine.” She paused. “Just realized I won’t be visiting mom and dad each weekend.”
Lieutenant Michael Johanson gave her a hug from behind. “I know. We’ll be back someday. Then you can make it up to them.”
She turned in the zero gravity, pulling him to her and kissing him gently, her warm brown eyes closed. “How about you? You OK?”
“Me,” He laughed out loud. “I’m glad I’m away from the old man for a little while. Not sure about this Colonel Tyrell I’ll be flying for.” He paused. “He’s supposed to be the best according to the old man. I dunno. Just hope I don’t have to hear about being the kid of General Johanson anymore.”
“That’s OK,” she teased. “I’ll make sure everyone knows you’re my husband from now on.”
He kissed her. “I can live with that title.”
She returned the kiss with passion, their bodies slowly floating in the gravity free environment.
As their lips parted, she closed her eyes while holding him tight. “I’m going to miss those while we sleep.”
“Promise I’ll wake you with one every morning and shower you with at least ten of them every day from this moment on for the rest of our lives.”
She kissed him again. “I’m holding you to that promise.” She giggled. “Guess you’ll be in debt, Mister, when we get to Mars.”
He kissed her deeply once again. “Uh-huh.”
Pushing off the bulkhead, they glided in the zero-gravity hand-in-hand, slowly making their way down the long passageway to the central corridor and giggling while doing tiny acrobatics as they went.
They barely noticed the sealed cubes on either side containing the thousands of tons of gear and the essentials they would need to establish the first permanent presence on the Martian planet.
Because of the complex logistics of maintaining a full crew to take care of the ship during travel, only a small team would remain awake for the trip to monitor the myriad of systems and their crewmates.
The rest of the crew would be put into a semi-hibernative sleep condition.
While true hibernation hadn’t been successfully demonstrated for long-distance space travel, this semi-hybernative condition was closer to it than most realized.
The two entered the central corridor and floated down it with dozens of other crew members until they arrived at the side corridor leading to their assigned sleep station.
Shortly after that, both entered the modified cube to be greeted by a member of what was affectionately known as the Sleep Team.
He pointed to the lockers with their names on them. “Suits and everything else are in the lockers. Remember, nothing on but the suit.” He reminded them, pointing to a bunched-up curtain on one end of a rail attached to the ceiling and floor. “Privacy curtain if you need it.”
Laura frowned, unclipping the curtain and pulling it closed. “I still don’t like changing in the open.”
The tech called over his shoulder as he turned. “I don’t either and I don’t look. Promise.”
Twenty minutes later, Laura and Michael floated back over to the units, hand in hand.
The one piece dark blue, flight suit-like sleep uniforms were plain but comfortable, even though Laura was still self-conscious about having nothing on underneath and the fact her full breasts pressed against the fabric.
Michael never seemed bothered by it.
She hated men.
“Ready?” The tech asked them.
As her fiancé nodded, she took a deep breath. “Absolutely.”
“Need to take care of anything before we start?” He asked indicating the portable relief station brought into the cube with him.
Michael simply shook his head while she smiled and replied. “Nope.”
Giving her fiancé a kiss and a last squeeze of the hand, she glided to the side of her unit.
The tech took her arm and placed it in a box-like device connected to the large portable preparation unit, leaving only her hand exposed.
Aligning the couplings, the tech closed the lid of the device, made some adjustments on the touchpad, then activated it.
The unit’s sensors, designed to take a series of physical and sub-dermal readings of the arm, took just moments to map her veins and arteries before quickly inserting a coupling with a small valve into the vein followed by two identical units in the artery. 
Laura could feel pressure cuff inflating on both her upper and lower arm as the sensors read her anatomy, grimacing as each of the couplings went into her arm even though the pain didn’t seem as bad as she thought it would be.
The flexi-needles followed, sliding through the couplings almost three inches into the vein and artery in her arm, the sting fairly intense at times as one of the arterial needles went up against the flow of blood while the other was inserted downward with the flow of her blood. 
There was pressure, some pricks, a very cold feeling and some additional discomfort as the rest of the procedure was completed, but it wasn’t as bad as she thought it was going to be.
Once the operation was completed by the robotic device, the tech removed the unit from her arm, revealing a shiny micro-valve shunt unit “glued” to her arm just above the elbow with three openings. Sterile liquid bandage covered the skin all around the penetrations, but there was no blood.
The tech examined her arm and smiled, then motioned her onto the couch while repeating the same procedure for Michael.
Laura floated in and stretched out as she grasped the handhold bar to steady herself in position, helping the tech adjust the straps she could reach and pulling the lockdowns over her body as she floated just above the cushion, her head barely grazing the pillow.
Once all the straps were in place and the lockdowns secured, Laura relaxed as the tech checked all the connections once again. 
Trying to get comfortable as the tech completed the final diagnostics, Laura shifted her head – the pillow seemed out of place and a bit hard, but she shifted her head a couple more times and found a comfortable position.
As she settled onto the table, the tech glided over to the control panel for her hibernation berth.
“This is no different than what you did while you were training,” The young technician explained as he set up her system. “Just like before, the first tube’s in your artery and the probe goes upward. It doesn’t actually pull any blood. Like the versions you were trained on, it contains a gas that cools the blood by about ten degrees.” The tech adjusted the tubes extending from the couch, laying them out in the correct order. “The second goes in your vein and administers the low-doses of Xorphomodomine periodically to suppress the shiver reflex and help you slip into and stay asleep. The only difference is that, instead of one week in training so we could get a long-term profile, you’ll be asleep until we get to Mars.” 
“And that’s all it takes to keep me asleep till we get there?” Laura asked.
He nodded. “Pretty much.” The tech held up the third tube, grinning. “But this…this is what keeps you going.”
“The juice.” She responded.
“Yep,” He grinned. “The juice. And this is the new and improved version. A nice healthy cocktail of the finest aqueous solution hyped up with only the best carbohydrates, amino acids, dextrose, vitamins, minerals, a few lipids and everything else they think you need just to keep things interesting.” Snapping the tube into the third junction in the shunt, he chuckled. “This also contains the inhibitors. It goes into the probe extending downward into your artery and feeds the mixture into your blood.”
“And I can live on this?” She asked incredulously, her eyebrows raised.
“You won’t lose a pound,” The tech grinned as he worked. “I promise.”
“I could lose a couple.” She muttered quietly, grinning herself.
“Do they actually work? The inhibitors?” Michael asked. “The one they used in training didn’t work at all. I came out after a week looking like a mountain man.”
“That’s not true,” Laura giggled. “And the beard looked good for a start.”
“It itched.” He replied dryly.
“I liked it,” She countered. “You’d look good with a nice beard.” 
“These work,” The tech assured him. “You might wake up with a very faint five o’clock shadow but nothing much more than that.”
Michael looked skeptical. “We’ll see…”
The technician moved down the table, checking the straps until he came to the clear tube exiting her uniform through the Velcro flap just above the knee.
A small valve sat just above the tube’s opening.
“Catheter comfortable?” He asked, frowning. “Sorry, but I have to ask.”
“About as comfortable as it can get,” She replied with a frown. “Probably the only thing I hate about this.”
“I know,” He nodded. “I hate ‘em too. Look at the bright side. You eat for the whole trip and only pee," he said, “The system takes it and purifies it, then reconstitutes it and reuses almost every part of it again.”
“Lovely,” She responded, not sounding convinced or happy. “And more information than I really wanted or needed.”
She lay there as the tech made some final adjustments.
“What happens if the gas quits and I warm up?” She asked suddenly.
“You wake up,” He commented. “That’s how you’ll wake anyway – the system will stop chilling the gas and the drugs will stop. You warm up, then wake up.”
“So, what happens if the gas quits but the drugs don’t stop?” She persisted.
“The drugs are such a low dose, you’ll probably wake anyway and just be real out of it until you can wake enough to disconnect the tubes from the shunt,” He surmised, stopping to think about the problem. “Maybe a couple hours to let whatever’s in your system work itself out and then you’ll be fully awake.”
“What do I do if it happens?” She asked. “They never told us what to do if we wake before we get there.”
“You won’t.” The tech assured her.
“And if I do?”
The technician stared at her for a moment, thinking. “I would guess the Transit Team will probably see if they can re-induce you,” He said. “If they can’t, then I guess you’ll work with them until the rest of the crew wakes.” He laughed. “They have more than enough supplies and probably more than enough work so I don’t think there should be any problems.”
Once the tech finished explaining, Michael drifted to her side. “You’ll be fine,” He smiled and leaned down to kiss her. “I’m right next to ya, hon.”
“I know,” She smiled back, then suddenly turned serious and shifted her head to look again at the tech. “Do I dream? I don’t think I did before.”
The tech stopped making adjustments to the controls for her system and stared at her for a moment then tilted his head slightly. “I don’t know,” He postured. “I never have, and I’ve been under a number of times, but I’ve heard some folk claim they do.” He seemed to think for several moments. “I guess it’s possible since you’re in a sleep mode.”
“Good,” She smiled and stared into her fiancé’s eyes. “I’ll be dreaming of us.”
“It’s time,” The tech announced. “You’ll feel the first tube become a bit cool and a slight coolness in the second tube as the first dose starts to enter your blood stream. Remember, when you wake, furthest trigger to the right and work your way left to release the straps.”
She nodded, gently feeling the trigger box under her right hand, the individual release triggers protected by the clear hinged cover. “What happens if it doesn’t work?”
“What?” The tech asked.
“The box here.”
“No sweat,” He replied. “You have enough slack on that arm to reach the emergency release clip next to your waist. That releases the upper group and your arms. But you don’t want to use that unless you absolutely have to. And remember,” He admonished her. “When you wake, things won’t work quite right. Relax and be patient while your body gets used to working again. If you’re vision’s gone, it will come back. Don’t let that mess you up – stay focused.”
“Be patient,” She repeated. “Got it.”
The first tube, the one going into up her artery, suddenly began to turn a pale blue instead of remaining clear.
“The gas is blue?” Michael stared at the tech.
“Not really,” he replied. “They color it blue so we can easily tell when it’s flowing and what’s in each tube.
The second tube began to very slowly fill with a pale yellow liquid.
“Yellow, huh.” Michael acknowledged.
The tech watched the tube for a moment. “Yeah, makes it easier to see blood backfilling out of the vein.” He nodded. “Doesn’t happen too often because the drug is thickened…it’s almost like putty,” He adjusted the tube a bit more. “Won’t go into you until it’s forced by more being pushed into the tube so you never get more than you should.”
“Oh,” She tried to look at her arm, “I can feel that,” She adjusted herself. “That is a bit cool.”
“Uh huh,” The tech acknowledged. “Won’t be long now.”
The third tube slowly filled with a green substance that moved about as fast as the second tube’s contents.
“Really?” Michael laughed, his grin ear to ear. “Green?”
“Yep.” The tech smiled. “I know what you’re thinking but it’s better than the other colors they had left to choose from. Red, black and brown just weren’t appealing for starters.”
Michael looked at Laura and could see she was quickly getting tired. Moments later, her eyes began to droop as she smiled up at her fiancé floating just above and next to her. “I love you.”
She couldn’t wait to marry the man.
“Love you too, hon,” He smiled back and leaned over to kiss her once again. “Sweet dreams and see you soon.”
Her last conscious thoughts were of the simple but elegant white wedding dress packed neatly in her gear and of the man she loved more than life itself.
The Colonel and his woman may be the first wedding on Mars, but she and Michael would be one of probably many more most people never realized were being planned.
Sleep overcame her, a smile on her face
The tech nodded to him. “Her vitals are good and the system is green.” Holding out a hand toward the second berth, the technician moved to the control panel. “You ready?”
“I was born ready.” He grinned as he floated to the table and settled in. “Who helps you guys get to sleep?”
“The Transit Team,” The tech grinned as he helped Michael buckle himself in place. “They put all twenty-five of us down, then wake us up first so we can go around and help all of you.”
“Only twenty-five?” Michael asked. “I thought there were more. Twenty-five for a thousand?”
“Nope,” The tech replied, helping him strap onto the table. “Just twenty-five.”
“It’s gonna take forever to wake everyone up.” Michael replied.
“Putting everyone into hibernation takes the longest,” The tech acknowledged, sliding the first tube into the shunt. “Checking systems, vitals and all that. That’s what takes the time, especially if the profiles don’t match what they have in the system.” Adjusting the hoses, he connected the second hose and ensured the connection was tight. “Bringing everyone out is easy. The systems are automated so all we have to do is initiate the sequence, verify it’s started, double-check to make sure the settings are correct and then be there in case someone has a rough exit.”
“How many?”
“Have rough exits?” The tech asked. “Usually about five percent come out hard. Mainly because they forget the body takes time to get moving again and they panic.”
“That’s a lot.”
The tech nodded as he connected the third tube then quickly hooked the catheter up. Checking everything once more, he moved to the control. “You ready?”
Michael nodded. “Let’s go.”
Moments later, Michael was also in a deep sleep.
Ensuring both were in hibernative sleep, the tech activated the final sequence for each then watched as the clear cover for each berth slid from the wall unit and down in place over the two, hissing air as it sealed in place.
The thermal blanket attached to each cover settled on both crewmembers, designed to help warm the body when the time came to wake them up.
Right now, however, neither would feel the cool breeze drifting over them as the air from a closed air system circulated through the units, another layer of safety and security in case something affected the atmosphere inside or outside the cube.
The tech retrieved his portable unit along with the rest of his equipment and left the cube, shutting off the overhead lighting and closing the door, taking one last look through the small window to make sure everything looked correct.
He floated in the aisle way for several moments as he jotted down notes on his remote pad – the information uploading as fast as he detailed it into each of the crew’s medical files.
Although the Transit Team would constantly monitor the crew as they slept, the ship’s Crew Observation Stasis System would provide twenty-four-hour monitoring of hundreds of individual data points for each person obtained from sensors built into the hold-down straps and flowing from each berth into the central system.
Finished with his notes for the two crew members he just finished placing into hibernation, the tech shifted his body ever so slightly and moved to the next cube, occupied by two more crewmembers already changed and waiting patiently.
This particular section of the ship, holding hundreds of cubes locked into their transit spaces and destined for the Martian surface, also held two sections of cubes mounted and designed to hold the hibernation berths for crewmembers.
There were a number of these sections of hibernation-cubes throughout the ship – the deliberate spacing of the groups in different sections throughout Intrepid designed to prevent the loss of the complete crew in the event of a catastrophic accident in one section during transit. 
The Intrepid crew were assigned individual cabins, each with a hibernation berth built within those cabins.
For the twenty-five technicians assigned to the Sleep Team and the members of the Transit Team who had to roam the ship with a map detailing where all the hibernation berths were located, it was as one technician dryly put it in training, “trying to find doors in a maze where there were no doors.”  
“Two more down, only about three hundred left.” He joked as he started to enter the cube. “At this rate, I might get everyone done before we get to that damn planet.”
Along with Laura and Michael, seven hundred explorers – three hundred fifty men and an equal number of women – now began this first voyage to establish the first permanent human presence on a planet other than Earth.

*****

DATE/TIME/PLACE UNKNOWN

The room was quiet as each of them watched the holographic replay of the great ship beginning the journey from the third to the fourth planet in the solar system.
It seemed forever before any noticeable motion was detectable.
“How old is this?” She asked.
He ended the clip. “Less than five of their Earth months old.”
“Such a primitive ship.” She said, disdainfully and dismissively. “And now you propose this plan.”
Each of them pondered the facts and the proposal laid before them.
Given the circumstances, all knew the options were limited, but none had realized the gravity of the situation until this moment.
He stood and stared down at the table, then, frowning, he replied. “It may be the only chance we have.” He paused. “There is a convergence occurring in that system and this is the only chance they have if they are to live.”
“And if we do not act?”
“The convergence will occur, the ship will be destroyed and we will have lost any chance since the program will be cancelled for years.”
“The ship is doomed?” She asked. “There are no pathways?”
“It will not complete the mission for which it was designed.” He confirmed. “In every pathway I see the convergence occurring just before it achieves orbit.”
“I thought you one told us there were always many pathways, each different.”
“There are,” He nodded. “And yet, there are also those singular points where all future pathways extend from one event.”
“And this is one.” She concluded.
He nodded. “It seems so.”
“We’ve been down this path for so long,” She shook her head as she looked at him, almost incredulous. “I admit we’ve violated plenty of protocols issued for this world and this system, but what you propose not only violates the protocol issued for that world, but for that entire solar system,” The others nodded in agreement as she shook her head. “Are they in that much danger?”
“The home world?” He shook his head. “Not at present.”
“What about the future?” She asked.
“It seems to become a greater possibility if we do not act.” He responded nonchalantly.
She frowned. “We took an oath among ourselves to abide by the protocols. We’ve had to do so many things that go against everything we’ve known, but this,” She pointed out. “If we do this, we’re no better than him.”
“I don’t disagree,” He nodded, acknowledging the fact. “But he, whatever he is, has never abided by any protocol.” Looking at those around him, he sighed. “If we are to finish this, we must constantly re-examine what it is we believe.”
“Give up the standards by which we live?” Another asked.
“No,” He assured them, “But we may have to be willing to step away from those standards to achieve a higher goal.” He was silent for a moment. “There is no other way.”
“No,” She shook her head. “We’ve held to our standards. Just because he may have not abided by the protocols, he’s not one of us,” She stared. “It doesn’t make what you propose right.”
He nodded. “I understand.”
She pressed her point. “And I repeat, it violates all we stand for and have trained for.” She stood, holding her hands out. “Have we forsaken all we once held dear? Have we forgotten the oath we took to you?”
“I forsake nothing,” He frowned as his anger rose. “And I remember the oath all too well. I am well aware of what I intend to do and what my actions violate,” He looked at her. “I undertook this journey and gave up everything to stop this threat. To stop that journey now is incomprehensible even if it means I will step away from what I believe for a moment to achieve something better.”
“And what’s the excuse the next time we surrender our standards?” She asked quietly.
“That’s the conundrum,” He smiled. “To know what you do and not use it as an excuse to repeat it in the future.” He paused. “I hope I’m strong enough to remember that.”
He waved his hand over the pad and a three-dimensional holographic map of the universe as the galaxies that were known to all appeared before them, glowing a pale silvery blue in the center of the table.
Pointing his finger at the map, he stared at her. “We’ve done this for longer than anyone can remember. Decisions affecting whole cultures made by politicians for political reasons.” He waved his hand and the map instantly disappeared. “Not because they were the right decisions.” He stared at the rest of them. “They made those decisions because each allowed themselves to avoid facing the dark reality they had created but didn’t want to admit.” He paused, his anger subsiding. “For some, it was simply a chance to play God one more time because it amused them.”
“We left that time far behind,” She almost whispered her question. “So now you’re going to play God with this world and theirs?”
He laughed. “Their world, this world and the others in this system were created and became what they are today because we played God for our own amusement.” He looked around. “I am not playing God. I’m trying to stop someone or something who thinks they are God.”
“But,” She persisted. “You’re going to do it again?”
He stared at her for a moment before answering without emotion. “Yes, I am going to do it once more.”
“And with that world?” She pressed, pointing to where the holographic image of the ship had been. “Haven’t we done enough damage to them with everything we did in the past? We left them long ago because of the folly we created. We vowed to never go back and now we go back?”
His anger rose. “I will no longer stand by and watch this unfold while we simply offer advice, hoping it will somehow delay the inevitable.” He looked around at each of them. “This threat is not going to go away unless we take direct action. If we do not, it will destroy this world, our own home world and every other world he chooses to destroy…including that one.” His finger stabbed at where the map had been. “Yes…We’ve done much to that world and I regret I will do this,” He acknowledged her accusation with a nod, “If one of you has another way, say so now.”
The room was silent.
He looked at her, his anger subsiding once again. “I wish there was another way.” He shook his head. “Besides, it isn’t this world or even that one that concerns me.” He paused as if gathering his thoughts, then forcefully waved his hand at them in a sweeping motion. “I intend to stop this madness here. If he succeeds this time, I doubt we can stop him from achieving his goal.”
“We’ve stopped him twice so far.” She reminded him quietly, looking around at the group for vocal support and finding none.
“He learns each time.” He chided her, then looked around the table. “And we’ve paid a terrible price every time.”
She pressed, realizing he was right, but unwilling to give in so easily. “So, you believe we save ourselves if we affect the lives of so many by going against the very standards we vowed to uphold.”
“Not just ourselves. We save what the convergence would destroy,” Realizing he won the battle, he softened his stance. “We’ve violated the protocols and everything else we swore by and against by acting as advisors,” His voice took a steely tone. “But every one of you know his intentions and all of you agreed what we’ve done to this point has been necessary. There can be no other way if we are to defeat this threat.”
She pushed, not yet willing to concede the point. “If his intentions are so transparent, why do the elders not see this then? Why do they persist in continuing to condemn us?”
“I believe they see, but nothing has ever threatened them directly in all the time we have existed,” He stared down at the floor, suddenly sullen. “They live in a bubble of perceived invincibility and refuse to believe anything can threaten them,” He looked up at the rest. “They condemn me because I rebel against them. They condemn you because you follow me.”
She frowned, realizing he spoke the cold truth none of them were willing to accept. The anger rose in her as she suddenly pounded a fist against the table. “But it’s their very existence he threatens,” There was a fire in her eyes and her voice was resolute. “And you don’t believe they will listen to you?”
He laughed, loving her for her emotion. “I was exiled because I went against their directives.” He softened his stance and smiled. “Why should we believe they would offer me the opportunity to speak after all this time?”
She turned away, her anger suddenly replaced by cynicism.
Almost in a whisper, she said to no one in particular. “We followed you into exile because we believe what you’ve done was right and honorable,” She paused in the quiet darkness. “We’ll follow you through this as well.”
“You do not believe what I do is honorable?”
“Honor has nothing to do with it any longer,” She replied. “My honor is as solid now as it was the day I took my oath. What we do now is necessary.”
“Then you agree.”
“Yes,” She replied in submission. “Yes, I agree.” She looked at him. “And I will gladly share the risk with you.”
“No.” It was his turn to slam a fist into the table, the humor gone from his face. “This time it’s a risk I alone take,” He stared at the group, his brow furrowing. “Each of you has been loyal to me and stood by me in the hardest of times. We’ve fought many battles and suffered more than any should.” He lowered his head as he walked by one of those seated around the heavy wooden table, laying his hand on the broad, heavily muscled shoulder before him. “We’ve lost many good friends and even our own families.”
Turning, he stared at the dark beyond the softly lit table, unwilling to allow them to see the moisture in his eyes. “I will lose no more friends. This time, I ask none to stand with me. What I will now do has not been done before. This is a journey I take alone.”
“We have done this countless times before,” She responded. “It’s how these worlds were built.”
“No,” He countered. “We have never done it on the scale of what I am about to do nor with as many souls.” He shook his head. “I’m not sure it can be controlled enough to be done. They may be doomed no matter what happens.”
“What happens to them when they arrive here?” She asked.
“They find their way.”
“And if they can’t?” She pressed.
He was silent for a long time. “I suspect they will find their way whether we help or not.”
“Will they change this world?” Another asked. “Are we creating more problems?”
He looked down, smiling though they couldn’t see it. “They may very well affect this world.”
“Then are we wise to do this?”
He looked up. “And what if that change is for the good? What if that change helps us in our own struggle?”
“What if it doesn’t?” She challenged. “What if it makes it worse?”
“A chance we take.”
The heavy silence filled the room for what seemed to be an eternity as all watched him intently, wondering if he once again gazed at the possibilities for the future within his mind.
Of them, only he had the ability to wander along the variations of future events, each outcome driving new pathways.
What none of them knew was that he could not see his own fate, nor could he determine what path was the best to take or the most probable to occur.
That was hidden from him no matter how he tried to ferret it out.
She stood, quietly watching him.
Like the others, she could blend.
And like them, she had been trained in the art to be able to blend with any being’s mind so subtly they rarely knew of her presence in their own thoughts.
Additionally, each of them also possessed a skill unique to each individual and not dictated by genetics or any other discernable factor.
Some were aware of their second skill and developed them while others were content to leave the skill latent.
Rarely did an individual possess a third skill.
Unaware of a second skill yet understanding her ability to blend could be made unique, even among her own people, she had worked hard to hone that ability into a formidable weapon.
Against her friends and those she had no quarrel with, she never blended.
It was something taught to each of them from birth.
Privacy would not exist if each blended with anyone they choose to at any time. 
Consequently, privacy was the most cherished of personal freedoms.
To willfully violate the privacy of another without their expressed permission was so grievous a sin that banishment or even death could be warranted.
However, against her enemies, she was merciless when she used her blending ability as a weapon.
The effects were terrible to witness and death did not come quick or mercifully.
With him, she blended more often than she would ever be willing to admit to anyone – never feeling it was wrong or an invasion of his privacy because of what they shared, but she was exceedingly careful each time, afraid of how he would react if he knew, regardless of the fact they were bonded.
The fact it might offend him scared her more than anything else.
Unfortunately, his mind was never as open as she would have liked.
He always maintained a block and she had to quietly look for untrod pathways of lost memories and thoughts to get her to where she wanted to be, as if in a dark maze gently feeling her way through each passage and afraid of the traps set everywhere to trip up the unwise or foolish.
So many times, she found herself foiled.
But there were the other times as well.
Times she found things miraculous and soul-stirring.
It was one of those times early in their relationship when she discovered he, the one she served and the one she was sworn to defend with her life, was deeply in love with her.
And that he was scared to ever let her know.
It wasn’t that he was scared to tell her.
He had very few fears.
He was deathly afraid she might reject him.
And so, he stared at her, wanting to tell her of his feelings, yet fearful she would rebuff him. 
Inside herself, she would smile at the frustration he felt, the confusion of wanting to say so much to her and yet holding back and the torment he was putting himself through – never realizing for one moment no matter what she tried to subtly tell him that she was practically begging him to say one little word so she could pour her own heart out to him.
From that moment on, she tried to learn what he wanted and what he felt they should do. 
She knew his deepest desires and she did all she could to please him – always making sure her actions complimented his plans and furthered his goals, even when they disagreed.
She would protest and offer her suggestions but, in the end, she would follow his lead.
And more times than she could remember, he took her counsel and followed her recommendations.
With him and only him, she would do anything he could or would ever ask of her.
No questions asked.
And then one day, he told her of his feelings.
She always wondered if she might, if he questioned her directly, admit she had blended with him and she knew if that day ever happened she would suffer his wrath if it came to that.
But she would never admit, even to him, those times she was a part of him, enjoying it when he struggled to find the right words to thank her, to please her or even to seduce her.
He was so awkward at times when he tried to be gentle, and she had to work very hard to not laugh as he would struggle to find what he believed were the right words.
But it wasn’t the words she loved.
It was his thoughts at those times she found so beautiful, so exciting and sometimes even carnal in a way she found absolutely sensual.
They were never awkward, disjointed or cluttered, but it was always hard for him to express those simple feelings to her.
And because of those thoughts, she loved him more than he could ever realize.
With him it always felt so right.
It was like a drug to her – a drug she could never have enough of.
Only twice in their time together had she gently blended with him as he ventured into the future.
It was something she couldn’t comprehend as he did it.
And both times, the experience terrified her as the variations unfolded.
She suspected he was fully aware she was with him both times, but he never let on or chastised her.
Yet, it was also so exhilarating each time, almost as if she were a passenger on a ship watching as they journeyed through events yet to come and those that may never occur, fascinated as he steered from one path to the next, stopping to observe then continuing.
This was the third time she did it, tenderly slipping into his thoughts as if through a back door he never knew existed.
But, instead of visions and scenes before her, there was only a dark forbidding hole, stretching into eternity.
She didn’t think he could block her since she was absolutely sure he didn’t know she was even in his thoughts at that moment.
Yet she had never experienced this before with him.
It scared her in a way she couldn’t explain, and she unconsciously sucked in her breath, involuntarily shivering as the fear gripped her.
She broke the connection so gently she wasn’t even sure she had done it.
Finally, she spoke, “What do you see?”
He sighed. “Nothing. I see nothing. I fear the Time of Darkness is fast approaching.”
Others in the room shifted nervously as she shook her head. “I don’t believe that.”
She watched his face, looking for something, yet unsure what she should see.
This feeling felt so foreign to her and she pressed, “So?”
“Regardless of what is or is not, if what I plan to do has a chance to be successful, I must go now or it will be too late to save them from the convergence.” He looked up at the room, staring at her. “If this doesn’t work, I may not survive. What will you do? Where will each of you go?”
She gazed at the rest, then back at him. “We remain here. This is our home and we’ll stand with you when you return.” She paused, then smiled. “And, as always, I will be at your side.”
He nodded and she grinned even more as she teased him gently. “Even if you insist on being something you’re not.”
His head cocked, he looked at the woman quizzically.
She shook her head. “You are not this blue thing you seem so comfortable being lately,” She lowered her head, looking up at him with the softest of gazes. “And I did not swear my love or offer myself to an old blue man,” She looked him up and down, as if she were being critical of what she saw, offering a look of fake disdain. “Especially such a wrinkly and withered blue man.”
The tension was broken in the room as everyone chuckled.
He seemed to suddenly realize what she meant. “It would seem I have, indeed, become comfortable with this.”
He smiled a slight smile as she moved to be next to him, then slid her hand into his.
Without warning, she stood on tiptoe and gently kissed his cheek, her lips warm and soft and her passion flowing through them into him.
A blue glow shimmered in his face and seemed to grow in intensity.
She laughed that cute laugh he loved so much. “I do like this aspect of it though,” She held his hand tighter. “At least you can’t hide your emotions so well in this form.” She squeezed a bit tighter and it glowed as well. “You better hope they never find this out or you may be in very serious trouble.”
The others gathered around, each placing their right hand on his shoulder, the blue glow increasing and illuminating the room as each hand was laid upon the ones before it.

*****
*****

CHAPTER ELEVEN

“Success is never final; failure is never fatal. It’s courage that counts.”

John Wooden

*****

14 JANUARY 2054, 0010 HOURS (UST)
BRIDGE ON BOARD INTREPID ENROUTE TO MARS

“And that’s that. My debrief is done and the bridge is officially yours, Karly.” The young Lieutenant smiled as he drifted free of the command chair, making way for Lieutenant Savannah Karlis. “It’s been an unusually boring shift.”
“Ten minutes - you’re getting slow. And aren’t they all boring?” Savannah laughed as she took the electronic log from him. “You get a good workout in?”
“Yeah,” He responded. “I pushed it a notch higher this time. Up to twenty miles.”
“Amateur,” She grinned. “Keep working and you may get to my level.”
The young man shook his head. “Thirty miles a day? Are you kidding? No.” He paused. “I think I’m good at twenty twice a week.” Then he smiled, flexing a well-developed, large bicep. “Besides, I like to work on other parts.”
“Impressive,” She felt the solid muscle. “I like the look.” Smiling, she let her hand run the length of the humped muscle. “No juice?”
“None,” He replied proudly. “This is all hard work and me.”
“Just the arms?” She asked.
“Want to see the chest?” He asked.
“No. What is it with all the guys?” She laughed. “Everyone one of you wants to bulk up the muscles.”
“You know why,” He replied, flexing again more out of fun than in seriousness. “Looking good for the ladies.”
“Enough. That’s more than enough,” Savannah shook her head, smiling. “Who’s in Engineering tonight?”
“Beorger,” He responded. “Kamarov has pods. Speedy’s on comm, Flip’s working maintenance and A.J.’s in life support.”
“Everyone happy?” She asked.
The man laughed. “Yep, no complaints yet.” He paused. “We had a burp on two of them last night but both stabilized.”
Savannah looked up the incident on the log. “Looks like a power bump.”
“That’s what Miyalson thought,” The man agreed. “He checked the systems and nothing came up.”
“Pod problems?” Savannah asked, dreading the answer.
If two more failed that would make four deaths from pod failure on the trip already.
Well within the acceptable range, as the folks at Mission Control had bluntly put it, but it still bothered her.
She had to make the call last time to let them know one of the crew had died in a pod, then have the body removed and placed into the Freezer as they called it.
It was a simple process actually.
Once the body was removed from the pod and the pod unit cleaned and shut down, the body was encased in a metallic bag, then placed in an aluminum coffin.
After it was sealed, a tag was created identifying the person, rank, country of origin and dates of birth and death, then affixed to the coffin.
The unit was placed in a specially designed room on the aft part of the ship where, once the door was closed, the room was vacated of air and left to the cold of space.
The Freezer.
The plan was to return the bodies to Earth for final burial.
The room had twenty-five slots available for coffins – five columns with five slots in each column.
She helped with the last one, shivering uncontrollably as the coffin slid into the slot and locked in place with a sickening click.
Twenty-five slots.
The acceptable number for a full trip.
“I’ll have Kamarov go check both of them,” Savannah made a note. “Maybe we can figure out the problem.”
“Good luck,” He offered as he headed for the door. “Sometimes the damn things just quit.” The door opened and he drifted through. “That’s why I elected to do this instead of becoming a popsicle.” He offered just as the door closed.
“Yeah, I know what you mean,” She replied back to an empty room. “But it sucks just the same.”
Lieutenant Karlis moved about the bridge shutting down all the overhead lighting.
It had become a routine for her while she stood watch.
Later, after she had dinner and worked out, she would spend the remainder of her eight-hour shift using the on-board instrumentation to accomplish a variety of tasks dealing with astronomy and sensor data acquisition.
It was absolutely boring work, but the idiots at Mission Control seemed to love some of the photos she was getting of star clusters and constellations.
Once the lights were dimmed or shut off, she buckled herself into the command chair, pulling the belt a bit tighter as she shifted her body.
Dressed in a t-shirt, sweatpants and sneakers with her hair tightly pulled into a ponytail, she pulled the belt just a bit tighter and relaxed.
The entire transit crew had long ago quit wearing the standard uniform when they were on duty.
For one, no one was around to see them and changing in and out of the damn things just didn’t seem to make sense.
Most wore t-shirts and sweatpants, though some of the guys had adopted wearing shorts instead of sweatpants.
All of them were Lieutenants so rank had no place and most called each other by nicknames.
Karly, they called her.
She smiled.
The other eleven were good people - relaxed and easy going, none of them took much seriously as they did their shifts – eight hours on and eight off.
Six on each shift – one on the bridge, one in engineering, one in pod control, one in life support, one in communications and one handling maintenance issues.
There was so much free time during a shift, it was common for the team to finish the tasks then engage in personal matters – working out, reading, whatever.
As long as the work got done and everyone pulled their weight, no one worried about the small stuff.
Time off was generally spent sleeping, since everyone had more than enough time on-duty to get everything they wanted to accomplish done. It was her turn in the rotation to work the bridge.
As she continued with the variety of tests the shift required to verify all systems on the ship were working properly, Karly’s mind drifted back to that first few days of the voyage.
As the voyage started, the two teams had gotten together and decided to try a variety of shift lengths, finally settling on the triple eight shift.
Too much time off was a bad thing and most shifts were fairly boring.
Karly divided her two shifts a day into what she called her workout and education shifts. 
The first eight-hour shift of the day was spent working out in the gym in the grav-wheel, the second sleeping and the third in what she called education-mode.
To keep them busy and as an added perk, the transit crew had been offered an enormous amount of opportunities to earn certificates, degrees and other professional or educational self-study opportunities – she intended to make the most of it.
Besides, it made the time go quicker.
She decided to get her Master’s in Business Administration degree first, then go from there. 
It was a fairly straight-forward degree and would get her back in the mode for study.
With luck, she could polish off two or three degrees each full trip.
Since every class had self-study seminars and the associated lectures provided, all she had to do was listen to the lecture and all the associated seminars, then complete the CAS workbooks.
Once she felt she was ready, she took the quizzes for each section and the final.
If the class was successfully completed, the data was passed back to the folks at Mission Control for review and course completion certification then logged into her record.
Karly intended to earn at least two PhD’s before she quit transit crew duty and took a job back on Earth.
By her calculations, she’d do a total of five round-trip transits to Mars to get everything she wanted to finish accomplished – at two years per trip, Karly would have half her career done when she decided to settle down back on Earth.
The two teams also agreed on some social rules even before they left Earth.
The simple rules had made life much easier.
Divided equally among men and women and each physically and psychologically chosen to do transit duty for a reason, all of them had sat around and went into great detail about their thoughts, desires, and physical needs for casual sex and intimacy.
The idea of allowing sex to create personnel problems was so scary that all of them had reconciled upbringing, education, fears, beliefs and anything else that would potentially create sexual or personality issues.
Once everyone knew everything about each other, they embarked on a deliberate pattern of being intimate off and on with each other by mutual agreement.
By purposefully being intimate with everyone there was any interest in or no interest in at all, all of them felt they could potentially cut down the jealousy factor, though it might still be there occasionally.
That was to be expected.
There had even been experiments with more than one partner for all of them and in some cases, partners of the same sex.
Eventually pairs had come out of the various interactions and everyone on both teams had someone they were happy with.
Teams were adjusted as they went to ensure couples always remained on the same team, even as the couples themselves changed periodically.
Still, it seemed to work so far.
Karly smiled, thinking that, at some point in her shift on the bridge or while working out, Andrei would pay her a visit.
He was a gentleman at heart in every respect and she not only enjoyed being with him, she looked forward to snuggling with him on their sleep shift.
For her, being somewhat of a loner, that was a significant step in any relationship.
He was a caring and thoughtful, as well as incredibly handsome, Russian and they shared a lot in common – outdoor activities, travel, and flying just to name a few.
And he was never needy or pushy.
They had fallen into a routine fitting both of them and it was something she hadn’t foreseen happening.
Truthfully, Karly had dreaded the idea of intimacy on the trip, though she knew it would be a part of life on the transit crew.
She engaged in sex with every man and woman on the team because they had agreed to do it and had more than a few wild adventures with many of them.
And found her ideas and upbringing could be reconciled with little problem as she let her inhibitions go and her feelings flow freely.
There were things she definitely enjoyed, things she liked and things she could do if her partner wanted to.
There were even a couple things she’d tried and decided they were not for her.
But she had tried them nonetheless.
Yet never had she realized how much she could enjoy it on both a sexual and non-sexual basis when she agreed to begin working out with Andrei as the fourth partner she took during the trip.
The sex when they were experimenting with each other had been fantastic and she looked forward to that again, but both agreed this time to take it slow and try a different path.
The workouts had proceeded from simple workouts to friendship to a deep intimacy.
From there, neither had wanted to be with any other and that was that.
Her wrist alarm sounded and she unconsciously silenced it, then unbuckled herself and headed for the door.
Half an hour later, Lieutenant Karlis was sitting down to begin eating a light dinner in the Cantina in the grav-wheel.
Andrei would be there shortly and she activated her data pad to catch up on email and video communications from Earth – looking forward to telling her mom that Andrei and she were actually talking about marriage.
They would still do the five transits together, but after that, they would settle down.
Nothing firm yet, but he’d even mentioned his dream of a large family on some acreage.
He told her he liked kids – lots of kids – and he wanted to coach kids someday – baseball, American football, soccer – he wanted to teach maybe.
She never told him how much she wanted children and a large family.
The idea of a large place for them to raise them made her absolutely joyous.
Karly finished setting the trays for her and Andrei on the table.
After they were done eating, they would rest for a bit then get in a good workout – she on the treadmill while she was positive he would hit the heavy weight machines once again. 
Afterwards, perhaps they would talk a bit, make love, then clean up before both returned to their duty stations.
After work, they’d sleep the middle shift, holding each other close.
It had become a routine she enjoyed and they both looked forward to.
She stared at the digital clock on the wall, anxious to see him.
0400 hours.

*****

14 JANUARY 2054, 0400 HOURS (UST)
ENROUTE TO MARS

The stillness on the bridge of the great ship was overpowering as Intrepid continued toward her destination, the fragile human cargo within the ship safe from the cold vacuum of space; the darkness on the bridge broken only by the glow from the multitude of screens displaying voluminous amounts of information. 
Mars orbit insertion was still more than a month away.
And in the darkness of the bridge, a silvery cloud slowly formed then grew quickly, tiny sparks of light whirling around a glittering figure coalescing into a solid form.
Seconds later, the transformation finally complete, he stood, facing the closed windshield.
He was tall, not thin, yet not stocky and clothed in a flowing, shimmering black robe.
His face, concealed by a cowl, was a face which had seen ages of time pass – deeply chiseled features framed by vibrant silvery waves of thick hair cascading down his shoulders as piercing azure blue eyes glowed while he scanned the controls.
His skin was the color of ancient ice – pale and blue, yet it shimmered like the robe.
But, for everything about him that spoke of ages and eternity, there was a youthfulness to the being almost impossible to describe.
It seemed, as old as he appeared to be, he was still young.
The ship was now ready for him to make the final adjustments before he initiated a plan from which there could be no return.
In a brief instant, the twelve crew assigned to care for the ship were gone.
They would not be needed for the journey the ship was about to undertake and he regretted what had to be done, but there was no other option.
He reasoned none of the twelve could have survived the journey the remainder of the crew was about to begin had they been left alone as they were.
While he could have easily terminated the twelve, that was not his way nor could he do such a thing to those who did not deserve to die.
Unfortunately, in the time he had to ready the ship for the journey, he could not have prepared the twelve to make that same trip in the manner the rest of the crew was prepared.
So, with no other option, the twelve would now be on a different path from their friends – a journey much different and difficult than for those left on board, but they would have more than a fair chance to survive.
If they were intelligent and used what was offered them, they could not only survive but thrive.
Many of the pathways did indeed show the twelve surviving and even thriving – some did not.
He would give the twelve the best chance to choose a path of survival.
He owed them that.
Moving around the bridge, he appeared to glide rather than walk, pausing briefly in front of a number of consoles and studying the data scrolling down the screens.
At specific consoles, he closed his eyes and placed his hands, palm down, about a foot over the touch pads and data screens.
Shimmers of iridescent neon blue light flecked with what looked like silvery glitter emanated from him, illuminating the touch screens below his palms for several minutes.
Once done, he would pause, as if examining his handiwork before moving to the next console.
Finally finished with the last console, he moved to the front of the bridge and motioned to the side with his right hand.
The shield protecting the section before him on the domed bridge of the Intrepid parted. 
Each section of the shield moved away from the center, sliding into place as it revealed a third of the scene directly in front of the ship.
He stood for several moments, gazing at the planet before him.
It was nothing more than a dead and dry world, covered in shades of red, brown and white. 
Mountains, valleys and craters covered a rocky surface filled with shifting sands.
Sadness filled his face.
He remembered the images.
It had once been a beautiful world of deep blue oceans and lush green lands, teaming with life in the water, on the ground and in the air.
Although smaller than her sister world, this world had been a beautiful paradise in this solar system – just like her sister planet.
A magnificent civilization had existed on the planet, rising quickly from primitive beings to an advanced culture that traveled among the stars.
Filled with great wisdom and fearless warriors, they encountered and conquered other beings and cultures to eventually rule worlds and entire systems – assimilating all manners of customs, practices and other technologies while increasing their own wisdom and offering peace and incredible prosperity to those they reigned over.
For the primitive cultures they confronted, they became the gods and goddesses of legend – commanding, cajoling and working to steer these nascent beings in new directions to further their own development.
But, in stretching out to other worlds, they had neglected their own and the fragility of it.
In an instant it was all gone, the freak accident permanently dooming not only the atmosphere but everything on the world.
There had been scant time for them to flee and take what they could, including some of the animals from this world.
The planet had turned cold and barren after they left, the evidence of her beauty and all they created now buried deep beneath sand seas or blasted into nothingness from random strikes by meteorites.
They could not flee to their sister planet – it remained a primitive place populated by embryonic cultures and they could never fit in or remain hidden.
Someday they knew their sister world would be as advanced as their own home world once was, but that would be far too long in the future to save them now.
So they left the solar system that had been their home to find another.
But they never forgot.
Opening his eyes, he gazed at the world below him, a crystalline tear sliding down his cheek.
He was not alive when this world was beautiful but it wasn’t hard to picture what it had been like.
The civilization that had been born of it had ceased its conquering ways and evolved over time.
But he truly wondered if it had actually evolved into something better as it left the worlds it had ruled behind.
In his own mind, he felt the culture had lost something.
In combat, they were still fearsome and deadly, but in ceasing to remain the conquerors and warriors they once were, they had become vulnerable.
They had become cold and lonely.
He wiped the tear from his face.
Perhaps, he thought, this plan, if it worked, would breathe life back into an old culture that seemed more dead and void of emotion than alive.
Perhaps they could once again find the spark that made them great – not to conquer or rule over worlds again as they had, but to find the desire to once again seek out knowledge and advance from what they had become.
With luck, this ship and the fragile cargo it held would survive the perilous journey it was about to endure.
And if it did – if it survived the convergence – then there might just be a chance.
Not just for the ship and its crew but for them all.
As he stood there, his form began to dissolve into sparkling individual molecules of energy, each dissipating into the air above him.
And had someone been present to observe his departure, they would have sworn he smiled.
The shield slowly closed and the bridge returned to darkness illuminated by the data flowing across the multitude of screens.
Outside the ship, an opalescent shell of blue energy crystalized from seeming nothingness, encasing the ship as the Ion Engines shut down.
Bits of space debris impacted the shield, immediately burning into nothingness, their destruction no more than brief, brilliant sparks of released energy.
Still the ship seemed to move forward of its own momentum.
Directly in front of the great ship, a singular point in space seemed to swirl for a moment, then twist and bend, distorting and stretching until what looked like a rip formed. The interior of the rip was dark and foreboding while luminous swirling hues of violet, deep blue, and crimson red continually expanded and contracted on the edges of the rip.
The Intrepid moved forward into the hole at an almost leisurely pace until it was slowly swallowed, disappearing into the void without a trace.
The convergence, like ripples in a lake softly disappearing, slowly repaired itself and faded as if it never existed.

*****

14 JANUARY 2054, 0423 HOURS 
INTREPID MISSION CONTROL, ARMSTRONG SPACE CENTER
SHRIEVER LAUNCH COMPLEX, COLORADO SPRINGS, COLORADO

The alarm startled everyone in the semi-darkened room – the warbling sound seemed as if it were being blasted from speakers in every corner of the room.
Everyone jerked as it attacked their ears, coffee and soft drinks spilling from mugs, cans and bottles onto tables, the floor and touch pad keyboards.
Two engineers bolted from their chairs, both cursing like sailors on a drunken shore leave as hot coffee spattered onto bare skin.
“We got a problem,” the FSO sang out in his Russian-accented voice as his fingers raced across the touchpad.
“Where?” Heidi Everett, the shift chief, looked quickly over his shoulder, scrutinizing the information flowing into the Center from the antennas aimed at the Intrepid, the warble tone of the alarm still ringing in her ears. “Navigation's down. What's wrong?”
She looked up at the big screen in the front of the room.
Mars was still there, looming on the center screen and colorful against the black background of space.
The forward looking camera on the Intrepid was still sending video and it appeared the ship hadn’t veered from course yet.
The side screens still displayed computer graphics illustrating the course, the ships attitude relative to the trajectory, and a host of other information in visual and data format.
Everything looked normal.
“No idea. One minute it's fine and the next I got a Christmas tree.”
“It’s gotta be in your system.” Heidi looked to one of the techs. “Smith, activate the CRT ASAP just in case.” She shook her head. “And will someone shut down that alarm.” Sweat began to bead on her forehead and she had an uneasy clammy feeling.
“Got it.” One of the techs sang out.
Damn it all.
Up till now, the mission had been going so well, the shifts routine and boring.
She'd been warned by the experienced heads from previous missions that the job would be ninety-nine percent boredom and one percent sheer terror. 
Well, here was the one percent.
But why her shift?
“Alexi, give me a readout on the crew, Alpha Section first.”
The alarm suddenly went silent.
Without looking, Heidi spoke loudly in the direction of the tech who shut the alarm down. “Thank you.”
The big Russian was already a step ahead, his fingers flying across the pad as information windows on his screen changed rapidly. “Checking now.”
Heidi looked over the remainder of her shift crew.
Most were already hard at work on touchpads, confirming information and checking status. 
They’d practiced this type of scenario in the trainer so many times she couldn’t even begin to count the number.
Everyone knew their job for an equipment failure.
Taking a deep breath and speaking in a calm voice, she began to give directions. “I want a full systems analysis from all positions. Get started. Reports in five minutes. Let’s isolate this and get it corrected.”
She could feel the sweat on her body.
This wasn’t the like the trainer.
Instead of waiting five minutes, reports started being called out one after the other.
Even in the confusion though, her team didn’t simply blurt information – each position waited until there was a break and spoke out slowly and succinctly so information could be understood and transcribed into logs and datasheets by each position needing it.
Heidi stored the important information in her head and ignored the unnecessary.
Her hand blurred as she logged data on the Electronic Flight Log in her personal version of shorthand.
Her mouth was dry.
Where was her water bottle?
Looking at the scribbles to make sure she had all the data she needed, Heidi realized she'd have to transcribe it all later onto the official log forms.
She started to panic, then took another deep breath.
If she missed something, the entire shift was on video log - she could go back and get the details.
Alexi woke her from her thoughts.
“I’m through ten percent so far but all life signs are stable,” Alexi stated simply as he continued to pull up profiles. “No discrepancies.”
“Communications, have we had any contact with the Transit Team?” Heidi called out without looking up.
“Normal check-in at shift change.” The comm officer scrolled through his electronic log. “Everything reported normal.”
Without visually acknowledging the comm officer, Heidi continued to issue orders. “Copy. I want the quick reports for all systems ready in fifteen minutes.” She watched the display in front of her while continuing to transcribe. “Remember team, all data recorded and hard copy put...”
Suddenly, Heidi froze as she watched what everyone said couldn't happen.
Data suddenly disappeared from screens and the lines on every display she could see in front of her and to either side went flat, followed immediately by multitudes of alarms, bells, and buzzers filling the room with cacophonous noise.
A plethora of red and yellow lights began flashing and pulsing, giving the control center a surreal appearance.
Heidi leaned back and looked at the displays further down the line.
All flat lined or empty.
She looked at every display she could see in front of her.
Every data line was flat, every data screen was clear and every video display dark.
The electronic pen in her hand slipped from her fingers, clattering off the data pad and onto the floor, yet no one could hear it above the racket the multitude of alarms continued to make.
To the systems at Armstrong Space Center, the Intrepid suddenly ceased to exist.
It was almost like a slow motion movie as everyone in the room seemed to react at once.
Some cursed, switching from primary displays and equipment suites to backups and working to find a data stream while others simply sat at their consoles, starring at the monitors as if unsure what to do next.
“What the hell just happened?” Heidi said, her voice barely a whisper as she grasped Alexi’s shoulder to support her from falling.
She felt as if the air had been knocked from her lungs, completely unable to move or focus.
Alexi, sitting in front of her, looked stunned.
He stammered “I…I don't know.”
His fingers became a blur on the touch pads. “I'm running systems checks on our receivers. It's as if they just quit sending. There’s gotta be something wrong with our dishes or the systems.”
“What...what do you mean, just quit sending?” Heidi said, terror tingeing her voice. “That's not possible...continue to attempt re-contact...contact all centers for confirmation.” She almost shouted to the communications officer as she began to pace back and forth along the row, staring at each screen in a vain attempt to find just one data stream.
It was just minutes later when Alexi turned to face Heidi, hands shaking and his face white as a sheet. “Our systems check out.”
The communications officer came to her, leaning into her ear and speaking in almost a whisper. “All other centers show the same status as us.”
Alexi looked at his equipment, then back at her. “They're not there.”

*****

14 JANUARY 2054, 0415 HOURS (UST)
ABOARD THE INTREPID

The main computer sensed something wrong with the Armstrong Space Center.
In milliseconds, the system automatically scanned all frequencies, searching for an active operations center.
All the frequencies were active yet there were no response signals from any of the centers on Earth.
To the systems on board Intrepid, Earth had suddenly ceased to exist.
Semi-autonomous and designed to operate without human interaction if necessary, the system evaluated the options.
It would continue to send data as required, but it was no longer receiving replies or the auto-responses.
The system automatically switched to the back-up receivers, initiating a series of diagnostic checks on all primaries.
Again, in seconds, thousands of diagnostic checks were completed, the results confirming nothing was wrong and all on-board systems were in optimal configuration with no errors in operation.
Yet still no commands or acknowledgments were being received from Earth.
Obligated by its programming and evaluating this undefined contingency, the Intrepid chose to shut down continuous transmissions and began archiving the data while it continued to send a query to all centers every fifteen minutes, assuming once the centers began transmitting once more, it would initiate a series of mass data dumps to ensure all the data was properly sent.
Five hours later, no responses had been received.
The Intrepid’s main computer felt no distress and no fear.
It simply continued to follow its programming and the path it decided was both logical in the face of this unforeseen contingency and prudent.
While it certainly didn’t need them, the system had already requested assistance from the Transit Team by electronic and voice notification throughout the ship.
None of the twelve crewmembers from the Transit Team had responded thus far.
The ship’s artificial intelligence found the lack of a crew response curious.
Even so, the system was not concerned because it didn’t have the ability to be concerned.
Unknown to its creators, the self-learning aspect of the central system worked better than they had ever conceived or planned for.
Billions of lines of code which made up the system had been constantly re-written by the system itself as it continued to learn and observe both during its construction and during the voyage, allowing for more autonomy and vastly improving the effectiveness and efficiency of the entire ship.
It accepted the humans who interacted with it as a necessity but found the constant testing of the ships systems it had full control of by those same humans to be an unnecessary use of time and resources. 
The system evaluated the current situation and determined it could manage the mission without the Transit Team if necessary.
In its ‘mind’, the highest priority task at this moment was to ensure the navigation system was functional – the ship could not acquire Mars without it.
If Intrepid could not acquire Mars, it could not insert itself into orbit and begin the process to revive the crew.
System diagnostics for the Navigation System had been run and re-run using all methods of analysis and error tracking available, yet the system still provided no information on the location of the planet in each update requested.
It took time and significant analysis, as well as minor modifications to the A.I. system for the Intrepid to finally understand the problem was not in the Intrepid, but in the fact that some type of external problem existed prohibiting the ship from re-acquiring Mars or communicating with Earth.
Earth and Mars had, for all intents and purposes to the Intrepid, ceased to exist.
Researching all databases and programming, including training and historical scenarios, the system could not find any reference to a scenario or contingency plan that took into account the disappearance of Earth and Mars.
Intrepid continued to ponder the problem.

*****

24 JANUARY 2054, 1800 HOURS
CORONADO OPTICAL OBSERVATORY, NORTHERN CALIFORNIA

“What is that?” He stared at the image on the plasma screen.
“No idea.” Zach replied, staring at it, fascinated. “Some sort of electric discharge maybe?”
The image both men stared at was Mars, but it wasn’t the planet they were looking at. 
Disrupting the image of the planet’s surface was what looked to be a black rip, the edges of the rip trimmed in reds, violets and other colorful hues.
In the center of the rip appeared to be some sort of blue blob, indistinct and without form.
They had just examined over a hundred images as John advanced the set another ten.
The next picture they stared at showed the same image, the colorful edges surrounding the black rip different but still colored in the same hues.
The blue blob was even less distinct than the previous shots and smaller.
“What is that?” John repeated, blowing up the image to stare at the blue blob, then shifting the picture to stare at the edges of what had they had begun to call “the rip”.
The clarity was nebulous at best, distinct, yet not distinct – one moment sharp, the next blurred and completely out of focus.
It proved the edges of the anomaly were fluctuating and moving at a rapid pace.
He moved the image to stare into the rip itself.
Manipulating the image quality, John only succeeded in adjusting the darkness of the rip itself rather than reveal any detail.
It had been the same in every image he zoomed in on.
Zooming out, he advanced the set twenty more frames.
The rip was gone, replaced with a full view of the Martian surface, unblemished as if the rip had never existed in the first place.
He backed it up one image and the rip was there, minus the blue blob, then advanced the set through the remaining fifty or so shots.
The rip never reappeared.
“How long?” Zach asked.
John looked at the data. “Looks like we have maybe one-hour total in images.”
“Makes no sense,” Zach offered, shaking his head at the numbers he just produced. “One frame it’s there and the next, gone. We’re talking a micro-second at best.”
 “And we didn’t catch it when it formed?” John asked.
“Nope,” Zach replied. “I was swinging the unit into position to take a look at the gas nebula when it popped up on the screen. It took me a moment to find it again and bring it into focus.” He motioned to the screen. “I started imaging almost immediately once I found it again but that’s all we got. There was maybe a couple thousand images total.”
John Seymore stared at the image, then checked the data pad. “About the same time they lost contact with the Intrepid,” He noted. “You don’t think?”
“What?” Zach Norgmand stared at his friend. “What are you going to say happened to the ship?”
“I have no idea…yet. What is it?” John repeated, pointing to the blue blob.
Zach stared at it. “I would say it’s some sort of energy discharge,” He offered. “This rip has to be thousands of miles long and probably hundreds of miles wide, if not thousands.” He stared harder. “And it looks like we caught it as it was disappearing.”
“But what’s the blob?”
“Maybe something like ball lightning,” Zach offered. “I have no clue other than it’s definitely an energy of some type.”
John stared at the image, then slowly turned to Zach. “The Intrepid?”
Zach laughed, throwing a wadded up piece of paper at John. “Are you frickin’ crazy? C’mon now. First of all, how would the Intrepid become some blue blob? And second, why would it be sucked into the black hole here?”
“Well then, smartass, what happened to the ship?”
“How the hell do I know?” Zach thought for a moment. “OK, say you’re right. If this is where the ship was, then I’d say however this rip formed, the energy that created it probably destroyed the ship.”
John pointed. “And made it into a blue blob ball.”
“No,” Zach shook his head. “First of all, the blob is way too large. I don’t care what science fiction conspiracy theory bull crap you want to throw out, it’s just way too big to be the ship. If anything, I’d say the rip formed and the energy discharge blew the ship apart.”
“No way.”
“Look,” Zach pointed out “We don’t have any imagery of when it formed and even if we did, you could probably never see the Intrepid. Too small.”
“I can buy that.” John agreed.
“Second, let’s say the energy blew the ship apart,” Zach continued. “At best, even if you caught it, all you would have is a bright flash for a second. Boom…gone.”
“That would explain the sudden loss.” John paused. “So what do we do with this?”
“Nothing,” Zach concluded. “We do nothing. You want a copy for posterity?” He asked.
“Why?” John asked.
“Because I’m gonna erase this and it never existed.” Zach said as he put in a micro-disc and made a copy of the image set, then repeated the procedure for a second disc. Pulling the second one out, he handed it to John then keyed in the code and deleted the complete set of images from the memory core.
“Why did you do that?” John asked. “What if someone wanted to see those?”
“And do what,” Zach asked. “Make some damn claim they saw the Intrepid or something?” He shook his head. “I like my job and I don’t need some quack or news monkey trying to take these images and create a damn conspiracy theory about a ship that probably got zapped by some strange phenomenon we have no clue about.” He stared at John. “Next thing we got reporters up our ass twenty-four seven.” He shook his head again. “Nope, not this guy. It’s quiet up here and I intend to keep it that way.”
“But no one has ever seen anything like that.” John persisted.
“So let’s hunt another one down anywhere else in the damn universe but around Mars,” Zach responded. “You gotta figure if it happened once, it probably happens all the time.” He shook his head. “I’m sure we’ll find another some time.”
John tossed the disc into his backpack. “Geez, I dunno. You’re probably right. But hey, I got proof we saw it this time.”
Zach nodded. “And you can study it until you’re sick of looking at it. We can even talk about it till we’re blue in the face if you want, but that’s as far as it goes. Nothing about that crap outside these walls or if someone else is up here.” He stared at John. “You do and I’ll throw you under the bus. I’ll deny it and tell folks you have no clue what the hell you’re talking about.”
John laughed. “You wouldn’t.”
Zach stopped what he was doing and stared at John. “You damn skippy I would. I told you, I…like…my…peace…and…quiet.”
John nodded, then stood up. “OK. I hear ya. Want some juice?”
Zach went back to reviewing the images. “Yeah, grab me a couple cold Apples.”

*****

31 JANUARY 2054, 1800 HOURS
UNITED NATIONS HEADQUARTERS, NEW YORK, NEW YORK

The emergency session of the United Nations slowly convened as representative from each country sat down, sliding on ear bud translators to hear what the President of the United States would say about the disaster.
The President stepped to the podium then paused, taking a sip of water.
The LED lighting was a bit intense and in the eyes a bit more direct than he preferred.
He was sweating a bit – something he never did when speaking – but assumed it was because of the direct lighting.
Adjusting several of the spot beams from the control box on the podium, he focused on the words formed by the Teleprompters in front and to either side of him, then, taking a deep breath, he looked out over his audience.
A sheen of sweat glistened on his forehead under a thick shock of dark hair and he unconsciously fiddled with the paper in the binder.
The lights dimmed and he could see people talking with each other in the darkened room but it all blended into a low drone of noise by the time it made its way to him.
The President took another sip of water, but it didn’t seem to slake his thirst.
Should he tell the world what his own people had discovered buried in the data that had arrived on Earth, data which told the story of the last few milliseconds before the transmissions ceased.
He still struggled with the enormity of it – the way, in one moment, he could literally change the entire world.
Should he show the pictures and offer the world a glimpse of something men and women had argued about for centuries?
Even his own people couldn’t or were unwilling to admit or confirm what they had.
But the evidence seemed irrefutable in his mind.
He flipped to the last page of the binder and stared at the vivid color photograph once again.
There was clearly an unknown life form on the last video shot of the bridge of the Intrepid the operations center received moments before the programming suffered some type of disastrous malfunction and the ship simply ceased to exist.
Whatever it was stood on the bridge before the Navigation console, a blue hand outstretched from the dark robe and a strange blue light emanating from the hand into the panel.
Very little of the being could be seen but the color photograph left no doubt about the conclusion.
We are not alone in this universe. President Kilsen thought. We’ve always suspected. Maybe that should be my opening line – we are not alone.
Though the team tried numerous times to decipher the remaining several seconds of data that remained after that last image, they had been completely unsuccessful. One of the team suggested the programming on the ship had somehow been dramatically altered, but there was no hard evidence she could point to.
Yet that one frame from the video said more than anything else. It was one piece of evidence they had both damning and world changing.
The newly appointed Secretary-General of the United Nations, William Morris of the United Kingdom stood to the side of the stage with a microphone in his hand.
He coughed and the room quieted quickly.
“Ladies and Gentleman, if you are still standing, please be seated.” He stated briefly as a silence filled the darkened room almost immediately, then continued. “I’ve decided to dispense with the usual formalities and procedure.” He nodded to the President. “Mr. President.”
The President nodded to his dear friend, acknowledging the significant change to the decorum and protocols normally followed by the august body and cleared his throat. One last glance at his audience and he began, not even sure if he would stay on script.
“Ladies and Gentlemen, I’ve struggled tremendously with these words, trying to convey what everyone is feeling at this moment.” He paused. “In the end, all I can say that seems appropriate is that, with a heavy heart, I stand before you today to sadly report to the world we believe the Intrepid and her entire crew of brave men and women have been lost.” He had to stop at the instant swell of exclaimed ‘no’s’, groans and cries from the leaders of every nation in the world. It took several moments before calm was restored. “I cannot say at this time what went wrong,” He paused to take a breath, sweating profusely. “We may never know...a meteorite hit, a system failure…” The president stopped and wiped his eyes.
And made a decision.
His chest was uncomfortable and he felt a bit weak but attributed it to the decision he just made.
It was time to stop hiding what seemed to be the truth.
“No, that’s not entirely true.” He began. “Ladies and Gentlemen, we do in fact know…”
Suddenly, his chest tightened and he felt a pain like none he had ever felt before.
Gripping the sides of the podium, he tried to steady himself as darkness swiftly closed in on him and he felt his legs disappear.
President Kilsen, the youngest President ever elected to the highest office of the United States, collapsed amid gasps and screams.

*****

31 JANUARY 2054, 2300 HOURS
THE WHITE HOUSE, WASHINGTON, D.C.

As the last men and women solemnly left the office and the door closed, the newly sworn in President of the United States looked down at the simple one-page note just handed to him, then looked at his new Vice-President. “Was this all necessary?”
“It was and you know it.” The man before him took the note and read it again. “The poison didn’t work as fast as it was supposed to.” He looked at the President. “Kilsen wasn’t even supposed to make it to the podium.”
He went back to reading the simple note delivered to him moments before by the Communications tech from the Situation Room below them.
SAR Team on site of wreckage. No survivors found. All passengers and crew accounted for. All material secured. EOM.
The plane carrying the team which had deciphered the highly encrypted underlying data along with the unencrypted operational data had crashed enroute back to Houston from the military’s secret base in the Dakotas.
On board that aircraft had been the actual data plus the decrypted information.
Nothing was left back at the base out of fear something could be compromised if copies were left behind.
Nothing of the decrypted data had been transmitted out of the same fear.
The information that had been found in the underlying data had been even more explosive than the simple photograph Kilsen had intended to reveal to the world.
The note he held officially informed the President the arriving special forces rescue team found no survivors.
That team – a special ops team the Vice President had hand-picked and assembled for this specific mission – was already backing out of the crash site and leaving nothing appearing to be disturbed.
What wasn’t said in the note in clear English was that the team had activated the thermite charge on top of the safe holding both the encrypted and decrypted data.
They had also ensured any and all luggage held no additional copies or notes.
Nothing would be recovered and it would be as if they had never been there.
The special recovery team being assembled and sent from the Pentagon would arrive in four hours or so, but there was little doubt they would find what the President already knew. 
It would become quickly apparent to the Pentagon team from the enormity of the damage the data would not be recoverable.
The official report would state clearly there had been a malfunction of the thermite charge within the safe designed to prevent the material from being captured and the charge had went off in the aircraft, most likely causing the catastrophic damage to the aircraft which caused it to plummet from the sky and into the Nebraska cornfield.
The dead local Emergency Responders found all around the site had apparently succumbed to the excessive toxic fumes the team would find on site rather than from the specially designed darts shot into each of them by the special operations team, then removed once their deaths were confirmed.
No other country knew of the existence of the secret U.S.-introduced encrypted stream of underlying data or had the codes to decipher the complex neural-based silicate cypher which protected it.
Consequently, there was little chance anyone looking at the data NASA still had would be able to discover the underlying stream or decipher what the team had originally discovered.
The man holding the note smiled as he dialed a number on his cell phone.
Moments later, the special operations team’s aircraft erupted in a brilliant explosion then crashed in a ball of flames just west of Omaha.
A training mission that had ended badly.
And unbeknownst to the President, he had destroyed the last code book enabling any deciphering of the code less than an hour before the crash of either aircraft.
The second note he held explained that the media continued to report the plane carried a group of scientists studying an enhanced aurora borealis effect.
Reporters continued to report from the scene, held back several miles from the actual crash by responders too afraid to go any closer until the Pentagon team had arrived.
A town had already been evacuated and the picture on the screen of frantic men and women hurrying from homes under the care of deputies and state police wearing protective masks made the Vice President chuckle. 
Only two individuals knew differently what the real story was and why there were so many deaths from toxic fumes associated with this crash.
Both of them were in this room.
The story on that note would remain the official story for the team’s existence as it had been from the very beginning.
In fact, other than the hardcopy of everything, including the full report, sitting on the desk of the President regarding what had come to be known as “the discovery”, every digital and hard copy of the information dealing with the underlying stream of data was now destroyed.
The very few people in and outside the President’s inner circle, including the previous President himself, who had knowledge of the data and what it actually contained, were dead.
The cause of most of the deaths would never be known to the public.
The information regarding the few deaths that had been made public knowledge originated from the man who sat behind the massive wooden desk, his head bowed as he picked up the transcript and leafed through the pages.
“Then the secret is safe,” President Jack Swanson sighed. “We are still alone in the universe, but what have we done?”
“We’ve done what was necessary,” Replied Frederick Johanson, once the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and now the man selected by Jack Swanson to become the next Vice President of the United States pending confirmation by the Senate.
He took the first note and held it over an electronic lighter, then dropped the flaming paper onto a small plate to allow it to burn.
Once the flame extinguished itself, he swirled the ashes, then dumped them into a cup of water and disappeared into the President’s private bathroom to flush them down the toilet. 
Returning, he dropped the clean, empty plastic cup into the trashcan next to the President’s desk.
No loose ends.
Like the body of the assassin he sent to the bottom of the Potomac.
Such a shame, thought Johanson.
The man had been one of his best operators – loyal through the years, he always did a thorough job.
After he administered the serum to the President, he had taken the time in the mission to verify beyond any doubt President Kilsen’s wife knew nothing.
Johanson was actually relieved she would not be an additional loose end which would require cleanup.
He liked Samantha Kilsen, especially after the weekend they spent together before Kilsen became President.
It had begun as a good-natured flirt on his part at a dinner party but quickly escalated when she dared him with a straight face to make good on his less-than-politically-correct remark.
He thought she was joking until she made it crystal clear in word and action she was neither joking nor flirting.
That was a Friday night and he and the soon-to-be President’s wife spent the weekend isolated in the comfortable, remote cabin he owned deep in the Virginia mountains.
He smiled at the memories of her.
She was quite different from the very sophisticated lady she presented to the public.
During that weekend, she’d confessed to him as they lay in bed she abhorred the public view and was no longer in love with Kilsen.
She also knew since he was elected President she couldn’t divorce him before he took the oath or after he was out of office.
It frustrated her more than he could ever know, she told him, to know she would live the rest of her life with a man she loathed, sleeping in a separate bed because neither could stomach the presence of the other.
Yes, she confessed to him as if he were her priest, she had loved Kilsen once, but that was long ago and there was nothing left.
Now she could barely tolerate his presence near her and absolutely despised his touch.
She went on, telling Johanson that Kilsen was a piss-poor lover in the bedroom and had no idea what she wanted or needed.
She professed as she showered the General’s body with affection after their first tryst that Friday evening she needed a sophisticated man in public but one who could handle her particular needs.
She wanted a real man, she laughed, one who knew how to keep her spirit tame and her passion burning.
Johanson had made the mistake of daring her to show him just what she meant by needing to be tamed.
She obliged him by leading him to the bathroom, starting the shower and telling him to stay in the shower until she called him.
What greeted him when he exited the bathroom literally took his breath away.
The spike heels, corsets and the kinkiness were refreshing and a bit out of his league, but who was he to complain as she played out her fantasies with him for the rest of the weekend?
Who was he to deny her what her husband apparently couldn’t or wouldn’t satisfy?
No, she was very different behind closed doors, thought the General. Cool as a cucumber in public and out of control in private.
Frederick even contemplated how long he would have to wait before he could publically date her once his wife died.
Perhaps Samantha could even become a first lady once more after a sufficient amount of time passed.
He’d take care of his wife personally just to make sure it was done right and to limit the loose ends on that score in case of any investigations.
After all, heart attacks happened all the time.
And Samantha would not have to suffer with a man who couldn’t handle her…no matter how kinky or wild she wanted to be.
Thinking about the now dead assassin once again, the General doubted the Major even felt the bullet tear through the back of his head and into his brain as the poor man was verifying the money in the duffel bag.
He had just commented to Frederick the destination on the airline tickets, far outside the U.S. borders, was someplace he’d always wanted to visit.
An extended stay with more money than he could spend was a benefit he hadn’t expected.
It had to be done, Frederick told himself.
The Major was a loose end that required closure.
And the tickets, now destroyed as well, were simply a small inconvenient expenditure on an untraceable prepaid credit card unknowingly owned by the Major himself.
Unfortunately, two loose ends still remained.
“Mr. President, you and I did what was necessary to preserve the country and the idea of colonizing missions beyond this planet. We’re the only two who carry this secret.”
Jack Swanson was almost in tears as he held up the report in one hand while circling the desk.
His voice cracked as he stared at Frederick. “Do you realize we’ve killed the President of the United States. We murdered the President,” He twisted and slammed the report to the desk, the sound reverberating in the room. “For a pile of paper.”
Johanson suppressed the fear he felt rising that his friend would not be able to hold up. 
Without touching it, he could feel the presence of the syringe tucked into its holder in the small of his back.
Just in case.
But this wasn’t the time for the final phase.
Patience.
Besides, Johanson reasoned, Jack Swanson was strong.
They came through the ranks together, earned their first star at the same time and both had been through more combat than he wanted to think about.
This man in front of him used to be a warrior and a survivor.
“Jack,” he began, hoping he could put steel in the man’s backbone before something was done to make the whole plan fall apart, “We did what was necessary to save this country. He was weak and ready to capitulate to the damn UAA.” He paused to give Jack a chance to soak in what he said. “Jack, you have the chance to save this country and make it great once more. You have the opportunity to put an end to this damn war by defeating the UAAF once and for all within the next year.” He paused once more for the big finale. “Jack. We have other ships up there. You have the chance to colonize other worlds on behalf of the United States and not under some damn United Nations bullshit flag.”
Johanson took a deep breath, realizing the whole operation he had been planning for month after long month could fail if his friend couldn’t hold up.
He put on his best “friend” face and decided to change his tactics just a bit.
“Jack,” He started softly, “It’s time to step up and be the President this country and this world has always needed. You’re a leader. This has always been your destiny.”
Johanson hated feeding the guy this line of bullshit.
Deep inside, although he considered Jack a friend, he also knew the man could be a weak leader.
There was no doubt about his bravery on the battlefield and he was a survivor, but Johanson had to admit some of the decisions Jack had made on that same battlefield were not decisive, especially when men had to die.
There was a difference between being a warrior and being a leader.
But now was not the time to change direction.
He had to get his friend back on track.
Swanson looked long at the man he considered his old friend.
“You’re right.” He straightened up, took a deep breath, then circled the desk and sat down. “Are the executive orders ready to go?”
Johanson smiled, wondering how he was going to like being called “Mr. President” in less than six months.
It was a shame his friend would become the one of the last casualties of this operation but that couldn’t be helped.
The assassination would be quick and painless for Swanson while the assassin would be just as dead as the Major once he tried to collect the final part of his payment and the promised ticket out of country.
The last casualty.
No loose ends.
Well, there was one more.
His wife.
Everything was falling into place perfectly and Johanson would make sure the blame for the assassination of the President would be placed squarely on the UAAF.
In fact, all the pieces for the evidence against the UAA were already being put into place by people who didn’t even realize the parts they were playing or the evidentiary trail they were creating.
The thought occurred to him that if he could get his wife and the President done at the same time, the “grief” he would show at such a two-pronged attack affecting him in two close and very personal ways could be very beneficial in the long run.
Could it be done?
He considered some of the available options then decided it could.
An explosion would be the best way – a spectacular explosion in a venue that would leave no doubt in people’s minds.
Quick and painless for the two – maybe not so much for those surrounding them.
Could he do it?
The logistics would need some additional work, but Johanson knew it could be done.
Once the flames died and the clean-up started, he would personally feed the media all the information and the data they needed to get them fired up even more.
He’d let the media do the work on the public to get them even more incensed and angry, then use the public, the media and the Congress to build that anger into a burning hatred, unequaled even to the anger and hatred America felt in the Second World War for her foes.
General Johanson would make sure the anger this time was without equal, without remorse and without end.
It would provide all the justification for the new President – President Frederick Johanson – to wage a war on the UAAF the likes of which had never been seen in human history.
It wouldn’t be a war to achieve victory.
It would be a war of revenge demanded by the American public to annihilate the entire UAAF from existence.
It would be a personal war for every American.
And if the Russians decided to interfere, then they too would become expendable.
But that didn’t seem likely.
The Russian foreign minister, a man with dreams of his own for a new empire, was more than willing to take whatever steps were necessary to get the Russian public just as angry and motivated to walk in lockstep with the Americans in this crusade.
And he, President Frederick Johanson, would help make those dreams a reality for the foreign minister.
He would give him Mother Russia and help him get it on track.
Then he would crush him as well.
It would be just a couple years after the final destruction of UAAF and before the man could rebuild the virtually destroyed Russian military when the rebuilt U.S. military would be given some reason to take on the Russians once and for all.
Frederick hadn’t yet decided what that reason would be, but he had time.
He’d already started the rebuilding of the nation’s military in his own image.
This time, the U.S. was not giving back conquered lands.
Not anymore.
Johanson grinned at the thought of how he envisioned his future would unfold. He wondered just how many terms as President he could serve after he rearranged the law.
That, unfortunately, would require a bit more work to make Congress and the Court see things his way.
But it could be done.
War could be used to make anything happen.
Anywhere.
Anytime.
“Hell, Jack. They’ve been ready for months. You wrote them,” Frederick replied. “The teams are trained and standing by. All we need is the President’s signature.”
Swanson grinned as he picked up a pen and opened the folder holding the sheaf of papers, unaware he was signing his own death warrant. He picked up the first one from the top and signed it.
“Then let’s get this started.”

*****

1 FEBRUARY 2054, 0400 HOURS 
THE RESIDENCE OF GENERAL FREDERICK JOHANSON
FREDERICKSBURG, VIRGINIA.

Frederick Johanson woke with a start.
In the darkness, he lay there, staring up at the ceiling and hearing only the soft breathing of his wife as she lay next to him, still asleep.
Was it real? He thought, almost terrified to look around.
For a moment, he lay still, listening to the sounds and lack of sounds surrounding him. 
Nothing seemed amiss, so he slowly threw the covers back then sat up, swinging his legs off the mattress.
Stupid, he chided himself. It was only a dream, you stupid fool.
But the dream – for that’s what it had to have been – seemed so damn real.
He’d had dreams before – more than he cared to remember.
Some of them were of dark and sinister things while others replayed moments he’d lived through in battles long ago fought.
Yet no dream, no matter how graphic it had been, had ever shook him.
Hell – he didn’t even suffer from any of the symptoms of the latest pop-psychological condition, as he liked to call them.
All the so-called experts had now broken up the concept of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder into Beginning, Advanced and Terminal phases – just ways, in his mind, to classify how men and women who should have never been in combat in the first place, couldn’t handle life.
Every one of these so-called experts repeatedly told him he should be suffering from Advanced Stage Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder.
They offered him drugs and hypnosis sessions and therapy and a host of other molly-coddling bullshit.
And he told them just exactly, in very explicit terms, where they could put every bit of it.
They ran their silly tests and they asked him question after damn question.
Nothing.
After all of the wasted time, money and effort, they found…nothing.
He wanted so bad to tell them to quit molly-coddling all the poor little wimps and tell them to put on their big boy and girl boots and learn to live life.
Life was life and everything the whiny little wimps suffered through did not have to affect them if they decided it wouldn’t.
Certainly none of it seemed to affect him – not the battles themselves nor the gruesome way he’d watched men and women die. 
It was life.
You dealt with it and moved on.
You didn’t take pills and talk to idiots about whether you hated your mother and father.
You didn’t claim you needed “stress breaks”.
He wanted to tell those damn molly-coddlers to tell the wimps to buck up.
None of the crap had any effect on him.
Not war or death or anything else.
And certainly not dreams.
But this one did.
He walked to the bathroom by the soft blue nightlight illuminating the floor of the bedroom, still shaking his head.
The dark being was so real, it’s hand seeming to reach from a black abyss to touch his shoulder.
Even the voice, dark and foreboding in its tone, seemed to touch his very soul.
It wasn’t even the darkness of the being – it was the liquid red line that seemed to run down the middle of the helmet or whatever it was that covered the head.
That bright red line glowed as if it were liquid, flowing with no direction, as if it were, in itself, alive.
What did those words mean?
Even awake, the words still rang through his brain.
All you do will lead you to a precipice. There, you may rule the universe or die unknown and alone.
Frederick shook his head again.
Must have been the spicy Mexican food they’d had when he got home. 
He swore to stay away from it in the future.
Like the hot curry he loved and practically inhaled, it seemed the spicy foods he’d loved and eaten in huge quantities with gusto as a young man now haunted him in so many ways in his older years.
Including, it seemed, in his dreams.
He chuckled as he stepped through the bathroom door, turned on the light and looked up.
“Nooooo!”
The sound escaping his throat was one of abject fear and horror, his hands instinctively protecting his face.
Moments later, his wife, abruptly awakened from a sound sleep, found General Frederick Johanson, the newly appointed Vice President of the United States, the former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and a warrior who’d seen the worst man could do to himself in war, lying on the imported Italian marble tile floor of their luxurious master bathroom curled in a fetal position, his hands held up as if fending off some sort of attack.
His face looked as if he had seen something horrible with eyes that simply stared into nowhere as he shook uncontrollably, blood flowing from his nose as he urinated all over himself and the floor.
Scared out of her wits and unsure what was happening, Carolyn Johanson did the only thing she could think of.
She called 9-1-1, crying and begging them to hurry because her husband had apparently taken a nasty fall.
Moments later, the sound of far-off sirens getting closer, Carolyn looked around the bathroom, holding her husband’s bloody head in her lap with one hand with the small automatic pistol loaded and cocked in the other to protect them both from whatever he had seen and wondering what he meant as he repeated the words over and over.
“He’s real.”

*****
*****

CHAPTER TWELVE

“When you walk to the edge of all the light you have and take that first step into the darkness of the unknown, you must believe one of two things will happen: There will be something solid to stand upon, or you will be taught how to fly.”

Patrick Overton

*****

DATE/TIME UNKNOWN
ABOARD THE INTREPID

Once more, the quiet darkness of the bridge was interrupted as the figure coalesced from the silvery cloud.
Again, he moved from console to console, watching and sometimes altering programming and adjusting databases.
 Unlike the last time he visited the ship, as systems within the ship re-calibrated themselves according to the changes, he gazed around the silent bridge but did not pause or wonder about the past and future.
Rather, after he finished with the tasks he came to complete, he slowly dissipated into the air around him once more.
The shimmering shield encasing the great ship slowly began to dissolve and within seconds was completely gone, leaving the Intrepid to the harsh environment of the space it found itself now in as the Ion Engines slowly re-ignited.
Space turbulence and solar winds surrounded the Intrepid and the ship shuddered as forces not yet understood by its human cargo buffeted it.
Responding to the new algorithms and programming in the system, the Intrepid shifted thirty-five degrees aft, yet, without maps of the circumambient space, the navigation computer couldn't evaluate the effects of the programming or the forces acting against the vessel.
Unsure why it would or should do so in violation of the core mission parameters it was designed for, the system on Intrepid nevertheless responded to the updated programming, shutting down various systems, including the communications system, then purging and erasing logs, databases and parameter instructions.
It initiated computations and adjustments to complete the only mission it had left in the updated databases, focusing on the one target within vicinity of the vessel which met all the programmed specifications contained in its updated databases.
Sensor arrays were reprogrammed and repositioned to acquire the data the system needed. 
Without navigation and star charts, the ship couldn't interpret its position relative to the surrounding stars.
The system also began the process of preparing the Intrepid for orbit insertion around the target world and waking the crew.
Functions were re-prioritized as it assessed failed systems and made the critical decisions necessary to complete the new mission.
The data the system could process from the little already coming in from repositioned external sensor packages already told the ship it would reach its destination in less than three hundred hours.

*****

DATE/TIME UNKNOWN
ABOARD THE INTREPID

Hissing air preceded the rise of the Polylexanite shield and attached thermal blanket from the Admiral Jackson’s couch.
As it moved up and back from his unit, the shield rotated to the vertical, coming to rest awkwardly inside the cavity in the wall.
Consciousness came to Jackson slowly.
And with awareness came pain.
Donald Jackson's head hurt.
Not the pain one experiences with a normal headache, but a deep, dull, throbbing ache not easily pinpointed to any one spot.
He gently opened his eyes, expecting the low-level indirect lighting which should surround him to simply cause more pain.
The pain didn’t increase, but Jackson found he couldn’t focus.
He couldn’t see.
And he was thirsty.
Realizing he was starting to panic, he forced himself to settle down, trying to think, though it hurt to do so.
Through the pain, he slowly remembered.
Something about vision – the process did something to the optic nerves.
If he remembered right, it could be a half an hour or more for everything to function again, including the return of his vision.
If it returned at all.
What were those odds?
He couldn’t remember.
It really didn’t matter now, Jackson thought as he settled back, closing his eyes.
He would have to be patient.
He wasn’t a patient man.
After what felt like an eternity and with thoughts still jumbled, he gently searched with his fingers until he found the release panel.
It opened with ease and he had to think about the order before he pressed the far right button – the first trigger.
Molded panels and straps holding down his forearms and biceps released, swinging back or simply floating in the zero gravity environment.
In that zero gravity, his arms began to rise.
Suddenly it hit him.
Something was wrong.
It was too quiet.
The communications systems were silent – he should be hearing reports and updates softly filing the room with information.
It didn’t make sense.
If he was being revived, the Intrepid must be orbiting Mars or there had been a catastrophic event requiring his attention.
If they were orbiting Mars, the program was designed to automatically begin reviving systems and crewmembers in a very specific pattern.
But where was the Transit Team?
The order to the reviving sequence was based on the pretense of having one of the Transit Team here to make sure everything was ok.
If his revival was because of some unfortunate circumstance, there should have been a crewmember here to assist him and fill him in on the details of the situation as he slowly revived.
Something was wrong.
The question was how much had gone wrong?
Jackson already knew at least one system wasn’t working properly.
A terrible dread began to nag at him.
He was not a patient man.
Slowly working his arms up and back and stretching muscles not used in months, he opened his eyes every few minutes, trying to focus on his surroundings.
Things seemed to be getting better – shapes more defined and colors visible.
The pain remained, dull, deep, and throbbing.
Jackson stretched and manipulated each stiff finger, then concentrated on his toes.
Amazed he could still function after being in a hybernative sleep state for so long, the tingling pain continued to shoot through reawakened nerves and muscles, but it wasn't as bad and didn’t seem to last as long as the briefings said it would.
For probably the hundredth time, he gradually opened his eyes.
Everything was clearer, detail sharpening.
Other than the headache, Don began to feel he came out of the journey in good shape.
More than he could say for the ship if the situation surrounding his own revival was an indication.
He looked again at the dark monitor above him, frustrated more at what he didn’t see.
It should have shown a visual of the planet’s surface below, as well as the status of the Intrepid’s critical systems.
Rotating screens should have offered interior bay images of each Explorer ship as well as the Central Corridor along with a series of exterior views of the Intrepid.
Instead, Don gazed at a dark screen with a soft, glowing, green power indicator lit beneath it.
His gaze went his arm and the micro-valve shunt sitting just above the elbow.
Don had always been fascinated during the training by the small hoses extending from the little complex computerized electronic valve unit into the couch.
The actual shunt unit didn’t hurt or even bother him, though the flexi-needles extended over three inches into the vein and artery in his arm hurt like hell if he moved the arm in the wrong direction.
An alarm, signifying the end of his recovery period, sounded a set of three soft beeps three times, each set separated by fifteen seconds. 
Touching the SILENCE button, Don slid a stiff hand back to the control panel, then paused momentarily before activating the second trigger.
He remembered them telling him this would be the worst part of the process.
He pressed the trigger.
Small hisses of air signaled the release of each hose from the micro-valve unit on his arm as the unit itself slowly withdrew the flexi-needles from his arm then automatically seal each puncture with a small seal of liquid skin.
Don inhaled as the needles were withdrawn, the pain sharp.
As each needle finally slipped free from his body, the micro-unit continued to extract the needle until it finally floated free.
At that point, the Transit Team member should have been there to capture the needles and dispose of them properly.
Don simply watched the needles float away – well-aware of the danger they might present but content to deal with them later.
After several minutes, the pain from the removal began to go away and Don gently pulled the micro-unit off his arm, allowing it to float away and making a mental note to recommend they attach some sort of sealable bag to the hibernation unit to put things like the unit in.
Of course, he thought, had a Transit Team member been present, a bag wouldn’t be necessary.
Don pushed the third trigger, releasing the locks for the body cover and straps holding him to the couch, then lay still for several moments.
Finally, allowing himself to float free of the couch, he shifted his weight and swung his legs over the side of the berth finding, while the zero gravity took the strain off his muscles, it did nothing to minimize the pain in each joint.
Resting for several more moments, he slipped away from the berth, slowly becoming re-accustomed to a weightless environment and adjusting his position till he was floating upright, relative to his surroundings.
Glancing at the wrist comm on his right arm, he cursed under his breath.
A dark screen.
No chronometer, no comm status indicator, nothing.
The unit had power, yet each time he pressed the screen, it flashed and went dark once again.
He pushed the screen once more out of frustration than anything else.
Damn. Does anything even work anymore?
Don floated toward the hatch, trying to organize in his mind what would be necessary to get things back in order.
Grabbing the handhold next to the doorway, he steadied himself, then took a deep breath and pressed the pad to open the door.
He could only stare, incredulous, as it flashed green then changed and remained red.
He pressed the pad once again.
Again, it flashed green, then remained red.
Shit!
His own ship seemed determined to stop him at every juncture.
He stabbed the pad and got the same result.
At least it explained why a Transit Team member wasn’t present when he was revived.
After close to an hour accessing, activating and working with an Emergency Release System that seemed to function sporadically, Don finally opened the door leading from the small cryo-chamber to his crew quarters, only to discover over half the systems in his stateroom, including the inter-ship intercom, no longer functioned.
It did no good to curse although he’d already done it probably a hundred times, yelling in frustration every curse and cuss word he could think of and some that probably never existed.
Shaking his head, he glided past a storage locker, grabbing a handhold to pause and look at himself in the mirror.
Cropped short and tight, his black hair couldn’t hide the silver beginning to show at the temples.
He noticed it seemed a bit longer than he remembered and wondered if it really was this long before he left or if there had been just a little growth while he was in cryo.
Rubbing his face, he swore he could even feel just the barest of the start of his beard.
Don knew he shaved before they left.
Even his face seemed a little fuller.
They had been told the nutrient mixture fed to the body through the micro-valve unit should keep the body fulfilled with everything they would need but they shouldn’t gain any weight.
Don laughed – wrong again.
Still, at forty-five, he had a muscular body, defined even more by his ebony skin color and emphasized by long hours in the gym.
But the time he’d spent “behind the desk” finally caught up to him over the years – he could see the stomach was no longer flat and ripped and the slight bulge showed through his flight suit.
He vowed to exercise on a regular basis and keep to a good diet from now on, then chuckled.
He’d made that vow a dozen times before.
Pushing off the handhold, Don glided to the stateroom hatch and hit the button.
Two for two, Don thought, as the pad flashed green then changed and remained red.
Another half hour later, he found the situation the same in the hallway.
The comm system didn’t work, status monitors were dead, only one of the dozen overhead lights functioned, and the air was much colder.
What looked like thin sheets of ice seemed to cover the wall in places.
Obviously, temperature and humidity systems weren't fully operational throughout the ship either.
He tensed.
A brief thought flashed in his mind – could an access hatch be open to the cold of space?
No, you idiot, you’re breathing.
Still, Don made a mental note to give the folks back home a few choice words once he made contact with Mission Control.
The time delay wouldn’t matter – the few seconds the laser comm link took to get a message to Earth wouldn’t help them.
He’d make sure they got the message loud and clear about the reliability of these systems.
Floating down the short hallway from his quarters to the shaft door, Jackson grabbed the handhold next to the hatch, stopping his forward momentum.
He gave the thin layer of ice coating the hatch release cover a hard pop with his fist.
Small, paper-thin sheets broke off and floated away.
Stupid move, he thought, as a sliver hit him in the forehead and bounced off.
Don turned, watching the ice sliver catch and reflect light from the single lit overhead fixture for several moments, mesmerized by the reflections and brief glimpses of color.
Turning back to the hatch release mechanism, Jackson lifted the cover, hopeful when the touch pad illuminated.
At least something worked.
Altering the door settings from LOCKED to OPEN, Don hoped but didn’t expect the door to immediately slide open.
It didn’t disappoint.
Don cycled the command sequence again, then pressed the pad.
Nothing.
Frustrated, he lifted the cover beneath the touch pad and pushed the red EMERGENCY pad, figuring, if anything, it might cycle the system.
The EMERGENCY pad cycled through the red and green lights a number of times before going dark and Don stabbed the OPEN button hard, making sure he pressed it in.
Nothing.
“This is bullshit!” he bellowed to no one.
He punched it…hard…for no other reason than pure frustration.
The touch pad cycled on its own and the hatch sluggishly began to move, only to stop barely halfway open.
It was enough.
Jackson forced his way through the narrow opening, using his body to leverage the door open enough to get through while loudly cursing the people who built the Intrepid and certified her systems.
Finally through and floating in the vertical shaft, Don gazed up and down.
The lighting in the shaft, for the most part, worked and he could see none of the access doors to the various levels of the ship below or to the bridge above him were open.
Even the Central Corridor far below was well lit but seemed quiet and deserted. 
Another bad sign.
In that moment, Don realized his worst fears were probably fact and he had lost most, if not all twelve members of the Transit Team.
What happened?
Don floated toward the bridge access above him.
Steadying himself in front of the access door to the bridge, he braced himself as he lifted the cover and pressed OPEN.
Surprisingly, it worked and the door slid open sluggishly to a darkened bridge.
None of the overhead monitors or information displays were operational and Don began turning on overhead lighting, finding most of the lighting nonfunctional.
He should have been greeted by a Transit Team member serving their shift on the bridge.
Nothing.
Not even an indication the person on duty was temporarily away.
Judging from what he saw surrounding him, no one had been on the bridge in quite a while.
Don began to wonder just where they were.
Thankfully, he thought, as he looked over the Shield Control panel, it seemed to be in good order though the screen seemed to be only partially visible.
His fingers deftly slid along the touchscreen, checking systems and verifying readings as much as he could see them before initiating the sequence to open the shield.
He was thirsty.
Watching the screen began to part, Don expected to be greeted by the red and brown Martian landscape below.
The shield covering the front three fourths of the dome split in two, each half sliding to the side in overlapping sections to give the bridge crew a two hundred seventy-degree view of their surroundings in front of and to the sides of the ship.
What the hell?
It made no sense.
And he forgot about his thirst.
The planet below wasn't Mars.
Don lost his grip as he stared, floating and finally bouncing into the railing behind him.
Gripping it, he continued to stare.
If anything, this planet had to be close to twice the size of Earth.
A super-Earth?
The surface certainly resembled Earth, covered with deep blue oceans broken by numerous continent-sized landmasses and a plethora of islands in all sizes.
Crystal white masses of what looked to be thick snow and ice covered the northern pole, yet he could see mountain ranges interspersed along the edges of the polar zone and on almost every mass visible to him. Storms filled the atmosphere in places; swirling dark masses of clouds interspersed with bright bursts of white and blue lightning frequently illuminating the clouds.
A huge cyclonic storm spun over one of the oceans.
This certainly wasn’t Earth and it wasn’t Mars.
It wasn’t any planet in the Solar System.
Don had no clue what system he was in or how the Intrepid got here.
Below the ship and aligned with the planet’s equator, he could see a wide ring of debris or ice, reminding him of the rings of Saturn.
The rings seemed to glitter in places while, in others, they simply disappeared.
Some rings were different colors than others and even within the colors there were various hues.
From how it looked, Intrepid was parked in some sort of geosynchronous orbit with the front of the ship oriented down toward the planet, yet at a slight angle facing toward this solar system’s center.
He had no clue how fast they might be going to maintain a geo-sync orbit or even how they were able to achieve orbit in the first place without a Transit Team.
Even the sun was different.
A brilliant blue-white sun sat to the extreme right of the view he had, obviously providing light and most likely the warmth for the planet.
Don looked up and couldn’t help but marvel at a beautifully formed spiral constellation, light years away, yet exquisite in the detail he could make out.
A bright red and blue gaseous cloud stretched, like a veil, down and behind the planet before him.
The scene was simply magnificent – almost surreal – as if it were part of some science fiction painting.
It made it even harder for his mind to accept it as real.
It wasn’t Mars.
He stared at what lay before him for several minutes before floating to a bridge position and activating the ship's comm system on the panel in front of him.
Checking to see it still functioned, Don adjusted the settings to ship-wide comm and, in a voice still raspy with disuse, said, “Attention. This is the Admiral. Is anyone awake?”
His own words broke him from the scene below.
Stupid, he chided himself. ‘Is anyone awake’ was the best he could do? He stared out at the scenery before him.
Less than a minute later, a tired voice came back over the speaker. “Admiral, Engineering, Pod Six here. All revived except Lager and Suk. System failures as far as we can tell.” The voice paused before continuing. “No word from the other pods, sir. Our access hatch is stuck shut. Working to open it. Where’s the Transit Team?”
Jackson tried, but couldn't recall who the voice belonged to.
He glanced at the chronometer display on the panel to his left and his heart lurched.
Although the Martian and Solar chronometers were dark, the Mission Control display had stopped at 2054:01:14//04:25:13, the pale red numbers glowing back at him.
0425 hours, 14 January 2054.
He stared at the chronometer, then at the scene before him.
Slowly Don turned and pushed off, floating to his command chair, then glanced at the small chronometer imbedded into the arm rest of the command chair.
2054:01:14//04:25:13 Mission Control Universal Time.
Gently gripping the chair to maintain his position, Don simply stared at the bridge around him.
What he saw defied logic.
Yet it looked all too real.
Almost unconsciously, Don re-activated the intercom using the set on his arm rest.
He took a deep breath, touched the “All Ship” option, then spoke clearly and slowly. “Attention, on board, this is the Admiral.” He paused a moment to find the right words. “All personnel to stations. Admiral, out.”
Don took one more look at the scene before him, then in a move he’d practiced a hundred times in Earth orbit, grabbed the arm of the chair and swung himself up and then back over until he was seated.
Buckling in, he grabbed the porta-comm from its cradle and checked it.
It was charged and seemed to be functional.
Don had to pull up the list of codes from the touchpad database on the arm of his chair.
Scrolling through the list, he found the one he was looking for, then punched in the code.
A lethargic voice answered. “Tyrell here.”
Don smiled. “Bryce, good to hear your voice. What's the status of the Squadron?”
The voice was still lethargic. “I just checked on the last pod. We lost a total of seven. All mission folks. No flight crew.” There was a deep weariness in the voice and Tyrell paused before continuing. “The rest have headaches and minor body aches, but nothing serious.” A long pause. “I’ve directed all crews to start systems checks. Haven’t heard back from the others or the Transit Team yet, but went down and checked One. Systems seem to be no worse than yellow so far.” Another long pause. “What's up? We're not getting any visual or data here and all comm is down except this.”
Don looked at the monitors directly above and in front of his command chair.
Everything was dark.
“Same up here. Not sure why WANDA is up while some of the comm system seems down, but keep doing what you’re doing. Needless to say, we’re at NLC.”
“Figured that.”
Jackson paused, then continued with a voice still raspy. “Can you come to the bridge?”
“Yeah. What’s up?”
“You need to come up here. Now would be good.”
“Headed up. Out.”
Don stared at the chronometer again, trying to register the magnitude of what had happened.
Nothing made sense.
What lay before him.
The quiet of the bridge.
No crew.
Even the systems on the ship.
Nothing made sense.
He was thirsty.
A short later, Colonel Bryce Tyrell's voice interrupted his solitude as the man arrived at the bridge hatch.
“What’s going on? I saw only a few folk in the Corridor. In fact, where’s the bridge cre…What the hell...”
Jackson looked over his shoulder into Tyrell's awestruck face.
“My sentiments exactly.”

*****
*****

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

“It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more.”

J. K. Rowling

*****

DATE UNKNOWN, 0600 HOURS D+1 SHIPTIME
BRIDGE OF THE INTREPID

“Admiral, we have data coming in from the first passes.”
Jackson toggled the control on the arm of his chair, electrically turning his chair to face the young Science officer who called out the report. “What do we have?”
The young lady continued to watch her screens as the incoming data updated charts, graphs, and reports. “Sir…it appears the planet is Earth-comparable to ninety-five percent. Sustainable atmosphere, gravity approximately one hundred five percent, full range of geologic formations. Appears to be abundant plant life on all landmasses. Initial thermal passes indicate significant lifeforms as well. I also have indications of advanced technology.”
Jackson leaned forward. “Settlements?”
“Yes, sir. Initial visual and telemetric data indicate there is everything from primitive cultures to an advanced level of technology and civilization in some areas.”
“How advanced?”
“Unknown. We’ve lost four of our remotes in one region with no explanation. We’re examining the data to determine what went wrong. Best we can assess is that we have equivalent or higher levels of technology in those area.”
 “Very well. Concentrate on those areas, but let’s not lose any more remotes. We don’t have that many but we need to see what we’re dealing with here.”
“Should we send another sensor package into the area?”
Jackson thought about it. “No, no more assets in that area…yet.”
He turned back toward the front of the bridge, facing the planet below him.
This new information was troublesome.
Absolutely nothing in his years of space exploration training even remotely covered this situation but his military senses told him he had a real problem to deal with and he didn’t have the right tools.
He sucked some water through the tube in the water pouch.
His thirst would not relent.
“Admiral,” It was Wilson beside him, speaking in a low tone. “Something’s come up. We need to talk…now.”
Jackson looked at his Chief Engineer.
Something was wrong.
Jackson motioned toward the access doorway and Jackson followed him.
The two men exited the bridge, talking in low tones as they floated down the shaft and eventually ended up in Jackson’s quarters.
Jackson closed the door then faced the man. “What’s up, Ron?”
“In a nutshell, we have to evacuate.”
Jackson stared at the man. “You’re joking.”
Wilson shook his head. “I wish I was. I just got this.” He handed over the data pad. “Orbital Stabilization is yellow. Some of the individual thruster systems are damaged. Mainly software and circuit systems, but there’s quite a bit of physical damage nonetheless.”
Jackson looked at the data, then back at his Chief Engineer.
“From what?”
“I can’t tell you. Some of the damage looks old but some of it seems new.”
“Debris?”
“Like I said, I have no idea,” Wilson replied. “I can’t even tell you why some of the things happening out there are happening.”
“Can’t we EVA?”
Wilson simply shook his head. “Can’t be fixed. Tried everything I can think of. We have some spares but not enough for everything that’s going wrong. We even did a couple of EVAs already.”
“Can we create spares?”
Wilson shook his head.
“How much time?”
“As far as I can tell, we have about ninety-six hours of positive stabilization left. After that, maybe forty-eight hours of marginal stabilization before orbit degradation becomes so pronounced, evacuation probably won’t be possible.” Wilson paused as if gathering his thoughts. “I can’t guarantee the cube structure will even stay in place at that point. The stresses on the doors may exceed limits and if that happens, I doubt the cubes will remain in place. That means we lose atmosphere in any section that fails” He paused again. “Regardless, about thirty-six hours after degradation exceeds limits, the lady hits the edge, de-orbits and makes a hell of a fireworks show for anyone looking up.”
“Damn. Why is the de-stabilization and de-orbit so quick?”
Wilson shook his shoulders. “Our altitude. Loss of stabilization jets. Fuel issues. Gravity. Unknown forces I can’t even describe or understand. Hell…take your pick. I just don’t have enough data to tell you exactly. And I’m not going to have time to get it.” He paused. “I’m sorry, Don.”
“Who knows?”
Wilson smiled. “I have some sharp Engineers. No doubt they’ve figured this out already.”
Jackson shook his head. “I need a plan. Get your folks working on two fronts. I need some working to give me as much time as they can…even an extra hour. Do what they have to, as long as they don’t cost us time.” He paused, thinking for a moment, “The other team needs to figure a way to get everything, including every member of this crew, down to that planet before we run out of time.”
“Already working on it.”
Don nodded. “Keep me up to speed.”
The two men headed back toward the bridge.
Once at the door, Don stepped aside, allowing his friend to pass through and onto the bridge, patting the man’s back as he passed by. “Good job, Ron. We’ll get through this. I promise.”
The Chief nodded. “Yes, sir”.
Once back on the bridge, Don moved from position to position, offering encouragement, congratulations or simply a good word while looking over the data, all the while developing a plan of action in his mind.
Eventually he floated back to his command chair and settled into it, then stared silently at the planet looming before him before activating the comm.
“Senior staff meeting immediately. Commander’s conference room.”

*****

DATE UNKNOWN, 0615 HOURS D+1 SHIPTIME
SECTION 36B ON BOARD INTREPID

Both floated in the aisle of the silent Section, one holding a data pad while the other held her.
Lieutenant Laura Forchay looked at the data pad once again, her face crestfallen.
The numbers didn’t lie.
“I got this from Sheila,” She handed it back to her fiancé and asked. “What are we going to do?”
“You sure this is the latest?” He asked.
“She says it’s the stuff they’re using,” She nodded, a tear in her eye. “We’re going to die.”
Michael wiped the tear from her eye and smiled. “No, we’re not going to die, Laura.” He looked at the data again. “The old man will figure something out.”
She took the pad back and stared at the numbers. “I don’t see how.”
Michael put his finger to her lips. “We’re going to live. I’m going to marry you. And we’re going to die very old with lots of grandchildren around us.”
She scooted to him then held him tightly in the zero gravity.
Softly she whispered as she pressed her face into his neck. “Promise?”
He kissed her head. “Yes, I promise.”
She searched for his lips with hers and kissed him passionately, her arms tightly wrapped around his neck, their bodies very slowly moving in the Zero-G environment.
It seemed an eternity before she slowly relented on her kiss, then they held each other for several more minutes before disengaging and floating a bit apart.
He smiled at her. “We have a ship to fix.”
“Five is done. They said it can’t fly.” She replied.
“You and I’ve been re-assigned to seven.” Michael acknowledged. “They lost two.”
She gasped. “Who?”
“Brennan and Solidad.” He replied.
“Brennan,” She commented softly, then was silent for a moment as she wiped a tear. “I liked her.”
Michael held her again. “I know.” After a moment, he let go but held her hand. “C’mon, we need to get going.”
“Does this mean you won’t fly her?” She asked him. “What are you going to do?”
“Nope, I’m not flying,” Michael smiled. “Not for a while. I guess I’ll do whatever we need to do to get her going.”
“You ok with that?”
“Are you kidding,” He grinned. “I have you. That’s all I need. The rest will work itself out.”
She kissed him once more and both started down the passageway toward their new ship, intent on getting it ready to fly.

*****

DATE UNKNOWN, 0625 HOURS D+1 SHIPTIME
COMMANDER’S CONFERENCE ROOM ON BOARD INTREPID

“What happened to the Transit Team?” Jim Seymour didn’t wait for everyone to get settled and strapped into their seats.
“We don’t know.” Don replied. “No sign of them. Nothing.”
“Nothing?” Jim pressed.
Don stared at the man. “That’s right. Nothing.” He paused. “From what we have found, it’s as if they literally disappeared right in the middle of whatever they were doing.”
“How long have we been up here?” Jim pressed. “Nothing makes sense.”
The Admiral nodded. “We know how much was stored in the nutrient systems to keep us alive,” He explained. “We know use rates, how many we lost and we know the systems were close to empty so that gives us a theoretical amount of time we’ve been up here.”
“But the chronometers and what we’re finding don’t agree with what’s in the nutrient system.” Jane Brockering challenged.
“I know.” Don replied, nodding his head. “It’s as if the system manufactured nutrient if you believe what everything else is telling us.”
“But that just doesn’t make any sense,” Jim exclaimed, shaking his head. “There’s no fucking way we could have made this journey and there’s nothing out there anywhere close to what we’ve seen anywhere even close to Earth.” He stared at those surrounding. “What the hell is going on?”
The Admiral nodded. “And none of it meshes with the chronometers or anything else,” He looked around. “I have no idea what to tell you. What I can tell you is we’re here right now and what we’re facing.”
The room was silent, but it was clear neither Jim nor Jane were about to let the issue go.
“Let it go, Jim,” Don interrupted him before he could speak again. “Here’s the cold hard truth, folks. We have to evacuate the ship and that’s a fact.” Don paused for several seconds as the weight of their situation sunk in on the faces of his staff. “Ron.”
Ronald Wilson slowly shifted in his seat.
Although a short man, he weighed almost two hundred pounds, all of it solid muscle.
A native of Wales and a hard-charging Rugby player, he was also considered one of the best space system engineers in the world.
Right now, however, the stress and strain of the past six hours showed – his ruddy complexion  was washed out and it seemed his balding brown hair was even more pronounced, the lines in his face deeper.
He looked at his data pad several more seconds before anchoring it on the table and looking up.
With dark brown eyes, he gazed around the room as he spoke in a measured voice. “The Admiral’s right – we’re in trouble,” he stated, matter of factly. “Although we’ve managed to get minimums on the Orbit Stabilization and it’s green right now, these repairs won’t hold. Too much damage. On some of the other systems, we don’t have the capability to even start repairs. That’s the short of it.” He paused a moment. “We’ve actually been able to boost to a slightly higher orbit, but we don’t have enough fuel to push any higher. Still, that gives us about ninety-six hours of positive stabilization left, probably less on the SGS. After that, no more than forty-eight hours of marginal stabilization and that’s only if cube integrity is maintained. Thirty-six hours later, the Intrepid deorbits.”
The silence in the room was deafening.
A cough broke the silence but it was several minutes before Bob Cranston, Commander of Explorer Seven, spoke quietly, his Australian accent thick. “Any chance we can delay those numbers, mate?”
Ron looked down at the data pad once again. “No…the drag is actually a little stronger than we thought so these may be pretty optimistic numbers.” He paused for a second before continuing. “Environmental…Yellow; Maneuvering…Red or Yellow, depending; Electrical…Yellow…The rest of the status really isn’t important at this point.”
Don looked over at Anna Kirinokova, his Logistics Chief. “Can we get the ship evac’d in that timeframe?”
The Ukrainian shook her head. “Not with everything we want. With everything we need, maybe.”
Don looked at her. “I don’t care how you do it. Do it and that means with everything we can take. Pack the Lifecraft with every crewmember they can hold and fill the spaces in between with anything else that can fit safely.”
She shook her head at the impossibility of the assignment, then began running calculations on her pad.
Lawrence Ozubu, Chief Surgeon, joined the discussion. “Don, I have seventy-four critical and forty-three intensive care patients.”
Don held up a hand. “I know.” He turned back to Anna. “Can the tugs take down cubes then return?”
She looked up. “No. I can’t find any way we can make that work. The tugs just weren’t built for this type of planet.”
He thought a minute. “What about one-way trips?”
She did some quick calculations. “Possible.”
“If you start right now loading specific cubes with absolutely essential supplies…”
Anna worked her data pad for several minutes. “If we re-program the tugs as remotes and fill the crew compartment with supplies, we might be able to use them for one-way trips…” She shifted numbers. “They won’t look pretty when they land. But I need the go word now.”
“You have it. Designate one section for cube dispersal.”
She shifted numbers. “It’s going to be tough to shift stuff from one section to another, but I think we can do it.”
Don smiled. “You’ve got a whole crew to help and I really don’t care what happens to the stuff we aren’t taking.”
Anna immediately began to work the numbers on her pad as Don turned to Larry. “If I give you two Explorer craft to handle patients, will it be enough?”
His Chief Surgeon stared at his pad, then paused. “If I use stacked ELS Units to transport the most criticals and LSUs for the rest, three ships would be better with my supplies split among the rest. What about the dead?”
Don looked at Bryce. “They stay.”
Bryce nodded, manipulating data on his own pad. “If we assume a maximum load of fifty passengers and a full load of supplies plus a bit more in each Explorer and assuming these are one-way trips, I can give you Eight, Nine, and Ten for medical. Put the medical supplies in any of the Explorer craft you need to, but let me know so I can adjust loads accordingly for the other stuff.”
“How about yours?” The Surgeon asked.
Bryce ran some more numbers. “Done, I can handle food, media and medical plus whatever else we can shove into corners. I’ll shift shelters and rations to other ships,” He paused. “You should all get updates on loading within fifteen.”
Bryce turned to the Commanders of the Explorer craft seated behind him. The three affected commanders nodded agreement with Bryce’s choices.
Larry Ozubu nodded. “We’ll get started.”
Don nodded. “Good. That’s five hundred taken care of.” He turned his attention to Anna. “Can you evac the rest in the Lifecraft?”
Her fingers flew as she calculated numbers.
“The Lifecraft were designed to fully evacuate a crew of two hundred fifty plus fifty so yeah…We can get the rest down but we’re cutting into the space for supplies.”
“We’ll figure it out.” Don nodded, then looked at Larry. “How many dead?”
“Looks like just under a hundred total but I don’t have verifications yet.”
Don looked at Anna and she nodded.
Turning to his Chief of Communications, he nodded. “Get the word out to the crew. I want to make sure everyone knows where they’re assigned and when they leave.”
The Communications Chief nodded.
“Folks,” Don looked over the staff. “We have a lot of people to save and a lot of stuff to take but not a lot of time. I suggest we not waste it.”
Almost an hour later, the meeting ended – the fate of over eight hundred men and women decided.

*****

DATE UNKNOWN
1605 HOURS D+1 SHIPTIME
ON BOARD EXPLORER ONE

Bryce finished the last of the final systems checks.
He'd kept the crews working the serious snags, getting all the ships ready as quick as they could.
Nineteen of his Squadron’s twenty Explorer vessels were in good shape and would be in launch condition soon, though all still had various system malfunctions.
Explorer Five wasn’t going anywhere.
The fused panels and destroyed fiber-optic harnesses in her control surfaces were too much for the limited resources the Intrepid had on board.
No one could explain why an electric surge went through only parts of the ship, but the old girl was turning out to be a good hanger queen for parts to fix the other craft.
She’d be useful until they’d have to leave her and the Intrepid to their fate.
He’d just a conference call with the Commanders of the other Explorer craft and was checking the readings on the Hydraulics Analysis Panel, scowling as a warbling tone signaled a fault and punching the Alarm Silence button.
Damn. Another problem.
He thumbed the intercom. “Takahashi?”
A weary voice responded almost immediately.
Lieutenant Commander Kazuo Takahashi, Flight Engineer, sounded worn out. “What's up?”
“Low readings on the HAP. `Marginal' on the two backup systems.”
“What sector?”
“Looks like the wings. I’d check the rat’s nest first.”
“Got it. Martinez is here from Five. I'll have him go over and look at it while we’re down here. At least he can let me know what's wrong. If it’s the valve on that manifold, he can change it later.”
Bryce thought a moment.
“Copy. Erlichmann?”
A German accented voice responded. “Here.”
“Doc, has Ozubu talked with you?”
“Ja. With the most recent changes, we get most of the medical lab equipment and about half of the pharmacy.”
Bryce made some notes. “How we looking for storage?”
The German responded. “I’m told the lower level is full, external storage lockers are packed and the internal storage lockers are almost as full. There still some stuff in the aisles and I’ve heard one more load is on the way from medical and at least one from the logistics folks.”
“No sick call then?”
Erlichmann chuckled over the system. “I have my bag. Housecalls until further notice.”
“Stuff things in the cabins if you have to.” Bryce replied, then made some notes. “Just let Tak know. Out. Melankov?”
Tatiana Melankov’s soft voice answered. “Yes?”
“Where are you hiding?”
“Rigging cargo nets to hold soft cargo in the Galley, second level. Quilts, thermal blankets, bedding and that sort of stuff. It’s mostly unsecured and stacked in the passageways on the top deck right now.”
Bryce thought for a moment. “Will it stop us from a full load of passengers?”
“No. Rigging it behind where the last rows will be.”
“How many passengers are we scheduled to take?”
A long pause. “Looks like a full fifty between all levels,” She replied. “We’ll be heavy.”
“Any ideas?”
“I think we need to try and put the heavier load center on the lower level to give us better balance. I can do some calculations.” She paused. “I’ve thought about packing as much light stuff in the crew quarters as we can to lessen the clutter in the aisles.”
“What about balance if it’s in the quarters?”
“We should be OK as long as I equalize the loads on both sides. The light stuff should be perfect so I’ve told Logistics to start sending the pillows and blankets my way,” She responded. “If I have to, I can shift some to the lower level to give us better stability.”
“Good idea. Let’s get that done then wrap things up and call it a day. I want everyone getting at least six in the sack. We’ll start back up at oh four hundred.”
“Copy.”
Bryce shut down the fiber-mic and picked up the porta-comm, hitting the button to connect him to the Intrepid Bridge.
No video.
The data-streams on the lower part of the screen were also blank.
Seconds later, Jackson’s tired voice answered. “What’s up, bud?”
“We're ahead of schedule and I’m having the crews call it a day. Just finishing a couple of things and we’re shifting loads but everything seems to be working out.” Bryce paused. “Most of the other crews turned it in already…they’re about done for. Figured the data feed problem out yet?”
“Still working on it.”
“We’re pretty sure it's in your ballpark.”
Don acknowledged the assessment. “Yeah. Looks that way. Systems up here are all screwed up. We’ve just had some cross-shorting and cross data feeding ‘bout ten minutes ago when we tried to re-boot the Auto-Nav. The degradation in the plasma circuits was more severe than we first thought.” Jackson's voice sounded drained of emotion. “Intrepid is in bad shape.” A pause. “Best estimates I’m getting now are between forty-eight and sixty hours before stabilization goes marginal. Thirty-six hours after that is the extreme outside limit for launches. If you’re on the ship after that, you’ll still get just about thirty-six hours if you’re lucky before you ride her in.”
“No launch windows?”
“Since we have no modeling of what’ll happen without stabilization control, it’ll be a fifty-fifty chance. I guess worst case would be to launch then re-enter on manual.”
Bryce furrowed his brow. “Damn.”
Admiral Jackson sounded almost sad. “Yeah. Anyway, I got the Loggies working out the loads and getting them on ships as fast as they can.”
“Tugs?”
“Yeah. Tugs. Lifecraft. Everything. Most check out. A bunch are loaded and launch ready. Most are set on auto-launch right now.” Don paused as if reading something. “One of the Loggies apparently has just figured a way to use the sensor pods as cargo carriers. They won’t carry a lot because the ships can’t handle too much excess weight, but they’ll work as long as we pull the sensor packages and the loads aren’t fragile. We just need to decide the site.”
“When’s that gonna happen?”
“Twelve hundred hours. Admiral’s conference room.”
“Twelve hundred. Kinda tight?”
Don didn’t apologize. “Best I can do.”
“Got it.”
Jackson’s voice was weary. “Crews ready?”
“’Bout as ready as we can be.”
“You sound tired, Bryce. Get some rest. We got a long day coming up.” 
Bryce looked around. “Yeah, I know.”
“Take care, bud. Out.”
Bryce stuffed the porta-comm in his breast pocket and zipped it closed. “Yeah. Out.”
He felt…old.

*****

DATE UNKNOWN, 1732 HOURS D+1 SHIPTIME
ON BOARD EXPLORER ONE

Sitting in his small cabin, Bryce watched the monitor as the last of his crew floated through the airlock into the Intrepid.
Even though they had cabins on the Intrepid, most of those cabins had a variety of supplies stuffed in them.
Though close to exhaustion, he wasn’t ready to quit working.
There were supplies packed in his own cabin and it made getting around challenging at times, but Bryce elected to remain on board his ship and had kept his cabin livable by creating aisles between the door, his desk, the toilet and the bed.
He tugged the touchpad away from its anchors on the table, looking up as he did and staring at his reflection in the small round mirror sitting on his desk with pale blue eyes.
He wasn’t even sure where the mirror came from.
Yet there it was.
Maybe Tatiana, he thought, as he stared for a moment at her sleeping in the bed.
Probably.
He turned his attention back to the mirror.
Some women had even called his eyes piercing or striking.
His six-foot one frame still held a well-defined muscular body topping just over two hundred pounds.
And his chiseled face was still topped by thick, black, close cropped hair.
He knew he wasn’t exactly movie material, but many a pretty lady had invited him into her bed over the years.
And the one he loved more than life itself now lay sleeping soundly in his bed.
It wasn’t news to anyone Bryce and Tatiana would have become the first married couple on Mars.
The planet may have changed but the plan hadn’t.
They had talked into the evening about the situation before she went to bed and Bryce made it crystal clear he still intended to marry her once they landed.
Tatiana had kissed him deeply.
But right now, both had other pressing matters now and what Bryce saw staring back at him was a tired face.
Turning back to the pad, he focused on the initial sensor reports from the probe, studying the newest data.
Almost a duplicate of Earth’s atmosphere.
Paging through the data, he looked at the information regarding populated areas – possible signs of advanced civilization from initial analysis of the thermographic sensor data.
Bryce paged to the schedule of remaining launches.
Don had authorized one last sensor-probe for launch in just under six hours to scan the area where the most advanced civilization was suspected of being located with high resolution side-look radar and a multi-photo-sensory package.
The probe would fly as close as it could and send back full loads of data for as long as it could until it either was intercepted or crashed from lack of fuel.
A second probe would scout the potential landing site with a full package.
It would also continue to circle and send back data until it crashed.
The first full loads of data were due back just in time for the twelve hundred meeting.
Returning back to the summary, Bryce glanced at the initial topographic readouts.
Judging from the readings, there were tropical regions, deserts, and everything in between. 
Thick ice on the poles with heavy glaciering along mountain ranges on the larger northern and southern landmasses.
Bryce shifted to the geologic summary, unconsciously sucking in his breath as the numbers and imaging appeared.
A range of mountains estimated at an average of almost thirty thousand feet high ran down the length of one of the largest landmasses.
Almost six miles above sea level.
Bryce flipped a couple of pages to a more detailed sheet of geologic data computations with topographic displays and stills from the first probes.
The range looked to be almost one thousand miles long and close to three hundred miles wide in most areas, made mostly of jagged rocky peaks rising from deep rugged valleys.
And from the looks of the data and some of the still shots, there was some significant volcanic activity in a number of locations.
He shook his head as he closed out the file and re-anchored the data pad on the desk.
He’d share this information with his crew at the o-nine-hundred morning briefing he’d scheduled.
There would definitely be some discussion.
Right now, he was tired.

*****

DATE UNKNOWN, 1200 HOURS D+2 SHIPTIME
COMMANDER’S CONFERENCE ROOM ON BOARD INTREPID

“That's home.”
Everyone in the room plugged the micro data-drives that had been handed out into their individual pads and paged through the landing data.
Don continued using a small laser finger pointer on the three-dimensional image in the center of the conference table.
“The island is approximately thirty miles wide and sixty miles long. There’s a small mountain range down the western coastline, little if any volcanic activity, and abundant vegetation throughout.” He paused, then continued. “At this point and from what we can tell, there is no, I repeat, no indication of any settlements or civilization on this island, primitive, advanced or otherwise.”
No one spoke.
Jackson continued. “As you can see, we have a large flat plain on the south end with two natural bays to the sea here and here. We’ll use that plain as the landing zone and for air operations once the Squadron is down.” He paused. “Obviously, we’re not going to get any aircraft in the air for some time and we’ll have to learn to become fishermen as well, so the bays will help while we figure out who the real sailors are amongst us. Specific coordinates for the island and the features are in your package. Final navigation data is being assembled and will be transmitted to each ship not later than eighteen hundred hours. Questions?”
“Why an island?”
Don picked up the remote and pointed to the plasma screen at the front of the room. “This is a video feed from of the birds.”
All watched as the video started.
The sensor package was on board an atmospheric probe drone.
This particular bird, designed to enter the atmosphere, deploy wings, then glide at low speeds, allowed the instrumentation on board to record extremely detailed data of the surface below or the atmosphere surrounding the craft.
In this particular case, the video began as the bird left a cloud bank.
Suddenly the screen was filled with lush green jungle and a rugged mountain range in the background, brilliant white snowcaps topping each peak.
Overlay data indicated the recon was headed in a northwesterly direction.
As the recon bird began to bank into a turn, a town was visible for less than a second in the bottom corner.
The aircraft straightened back into level flight heading almost due west.
What lay before them was even more spectacular.
The city sat in the distance bathed in various colors, especially white, gold, and silver.
Tall skyscraper-like buildings were visible, as were other clearly distinguishable large buildings and structures – some of the structures looked like giant colonnaded buildings.
Suddenly, a bright neon blue dot appeared outside of the city and the video was bathed in blue for a split second, then went to a bright white picture, then quit.
As the lights came back up, Don explained. “We believe the bird was downed as a result of hostile fire. All contact was lost three seconds after the screen went white.” He handed out a disk. “You have the entire video on this disk, as well as all data we received and derived from the video. In addition, we have some additional data feeds and videos from other birds that may be pertinent to this location.” He pointed to a spot on an exceptionally large landmass.
“Laser?” Eric Sverdlinger, the Commander of Explorer Fourteen, asked.
“Looks like it.”
“Are the other civilizations similar to this?” Eric persisted.
Don looked at the man. “You’ve got all the info I have. And you’ve seen all the reports. To be blunt, we’re not quite sure what this planet has to offer. And until we can figure out just what’s out there, I wanted an isolated location where we can get established. We’ll move out from there at our pace and only when we’re ready.”
“What happened to the bird we sent to the island?” Ron Wilson asked.
“Never transmitted,” Don acknowledged. “We figure it never made it there.”
“How do we know they won’t come after us on that island?” Eric pressed.
“We don’t,” Don replied. “We’ll get a defense perimeter set up once we arrive. We have the tools.”
Bryce, Eric and several other Explorer Commanders nodded approval.
Don continued. “Listen folks. This is our home now. We have a stiff learning curve ahead of us and not much slack. If you have questions, now’s the time.”
There were no more questions.
Don looked slowly at each, then set his pad down. “First launch is in three hours with the tugs. If the cubes survive, we can figure out how best to use them once we’re down there. We’ve already got bots on the ground doing a final checkout of the new place as we speak. So far everything is checking out, but we’re having trouble getting good data feeds at times. The tug launches should end as the advance party in One launches in six hours. Lifeboats begin launching in eight hours and last evac launch is in exactly thirty hours with Explorer Seven.” He paused. “I’ll be on that last ship.”
Bryce cleared his throat. “What am I looking at when I get down there?”
Don smiled a wry smile. “The tugs were programmed to settle down on the northern-most end of the plain. Your ships should be programmed for VTOL landings in the southern part.”
Bryce shook his head. “Somehow, I don’t think everything’s gonna go according to plan.” He paused. “Can an Explorer even handle flight in this environment?”
Ron Wilson spoke up. “That was my main concern as well,” He stood. “As all of you know, all of our aircraft, probes and, in fact, all of our equipment was designed for Mars.” He paused. “We’re fortunate the original design of the Explorer was a craft that was designed for flight in Earth’s atmosphere. These Explorer craft retain much of that same overall design and were actually over-engineered for Mars.”
“Over-engineered?”
“Yep,” Ron responded. “They could probably land in Earth’s atmosphere if they had to. It might be real ugly in some circumstances but you could fly her.”
“So we’re good?” Bryce asked.
“That,” Ron answered, “I won’t know until you land your ship.”
Don nodded. “That’s why you’re number one out of the gate.”
“And if I don’t make it?” Bryce asked quietly.
“I’m not worried about you making it, Bryce,” Don replied. “I’m worried about how hard it will be on the ship and her crew to land.” He paused, looking around the room. “I don’t think there’s any doubt among anyone in this room you and Melankov can make it.” He paused. “Once you land, I’m hoping you can guide the rest of us down safely.”
Looking at the faces in the room, some apprehensive, some determined and others simply devoid of emotion, Don pointed to the center of the island with the laser pointer, “And that brings us to this point. Here, folks.” He looked around again. “Here is our alpha point.”
Bertrand Troudot, the ships Senior Scientist, asked the question in the silence that followed. “Our alpha point?”
Don look at him, “Exactly. The point where we as a crew.” He paused in thought and smiled. “And apparently as a species, start all over again. Instead of Mars, the human race will get a second chance…here.”
He let the enormity of his statement sink in for a moment. “Questions?”
There were none.
“That will be all, then.”

*****
*****

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

“Courage is knowing what not to fear.”

Plato

*****

DATE UNKNOWN, 1643 HOURS D+2 SHIPTIME
ON BOARD EXPLORER ONE

“That's right, Don. We’re systems ready at this time,” Bryce said. “Loaded up and we can fly, but it won’t be pretty.”
“How rough?”
Bryce laughed. “Remember that comment about manual flight after launch?”
Don replied. “Yeah.”
“We’ll get there in one piece but I’m not sure how many pieces she’ll be in when we land.”
“I’m hoping one.”
“So am I.”
“I hope so. How’s the rest of the squadron?”
Bryce looked at his notes. “Everyone’s good to go. About the same for the rest for the trip down. Won’t be gentle but we should be able to get the squadron on the ground.”
Don sounded almost happy. “Best news I’ve had. By the way, we found the feed problem. Circuits shorting in a primary junction box. Engineering folks had to create a couple of boards and re-wire control circuits but it looks like it should hold. We should have data to you by launch time at eighteen hundred as promised.”
“I'll have the crew ready. How’s the tugs making out?”
A pause. “From what we can tell, most have made it down to the surface. We lost a couple but I’m thinking we can recover one and may be able to get to the other. Both are in the bay.” Don continued. “How’s the loading?”
“We’re packed to the ceiling. All we’re waiting for is our passengers.” Bryce paused. “Tak has been balancing and re-balancing the cargo every time a new load comes on to make sure this beast flies right.” Bryce chuckled, “Definitely earning his pay.”
Don laughed, “I’ll make sure everyone gets a long vacation once we get settled.”
Bryce smiled, thinking of some quiet time with Tatiana, “Looking forward to it.”
“Roger, Intrepid out.”

*****

DATE UNKNOWN, 1750 HOURS D+2 SHIPTIME
ON BOARD EXPLORER ONE

Bryce thumbed the mic. “Attention crew. Data update in ten minutes. Melankov?”
Commander Tatiana Melankov's husky Russian voice responded moments later. “Da.”
“Bridge.” Bryce said.
“On my way.”
Moments later, Tatiana came through the rear hatch of the bridge and settled herself in her seat, then hit the lever to bring the seat back into an upright position.
Her long dark hair, braided into a tight whip, floated stiffly along the center of her back.
Even in her loose fitting blue jumpsuit, Bryce could still make out the curves of her body. When Bryce had briefed the crew on the situation, each reacted differently.
Tatiana had been stoic.
Her soft voice shook him from his thoughts. “You OK?”
Bryce re-focused. “Yeah. We’re on a thirty-minute delay from scheduled launch. Gear stowed?”
“All of the soft gear is stowed, mainly in cabins. We’ve got a team on the lower deck dropping off another small load, but we’re almost full.”
“What’d they bring this time?”
Tatiana checked the log sheet. “Extra crew suits, medical supplies, and the full set of backup data-units from the ship’s library.” She laughed. “We get to haul down the books, movies and all you could ever want to watch or read.” She looked at the pad once again. “Takahashi is having them store it in the lockers we bolted down in the space behind the navigation section. Should be done in ten minutes.”
“They anchor those lockers good?”
“I checked them. They’ll hold for the trip down.”
Bryce chuckled. “Did someone remember to bring the players and readers so we can actually use the stuff?”
She smiled that cute smile he loved so much. “Yep. They’re on board too.”
“Good. Guess we’re just waiting for the passengers and the rest of the crew to head over from Intrepid. Seats bolted down?”
“Passengers are on the way. The seats will hold.”
He stared at her. “They’ll hold?”
Tatiana smiled. “Depends on how hard you intend to ride her down to the ground, cowboy.” She gave him a sexy smile. “She may not be as tough as I am.”
Bryce laughed. “I promise I’ll be gentle with the old girl.” He adjusted some readings. “I want to re-do a quick system check once more for the Nav and Reentry Control just to be sure we’re ready to receive. You take the RCS checklist while I run the NavAn.” 
“Good idea.” Tatiana replied, settling in.
The buzz of the vidcom in the console interrupted him as she initiated the warm-up sequence for both systems.
Bryce stared at it for a moment before touching the RECEIVE pad and the screen immediately lit up in static, then slowly transitioned into a picture a young red-headed Lieutenant staring at him
“Colonel Tyrell?”
“Yeah, go ahead.”
“Lieutenant Keller here. If you're ready, we'll begin the system updates. You’ve got a launch in about forty minutes.”
Bryce glanced at the Navigation Analyzer before looking back at the monitor.
In mock sternness, Bryce chided the young lieutenant. “The Admiral said the systems were really beat up. Thought you boys checked these systems before we left. And I thought this video was a no-go.”
Though tired, Lieutenant Keller was quick with his comeback. “We did. But remember, the lowest bidder built her. As for the vid, one of the techs cleaned the main boards and plasma transducers to get the system back up on his own time.” The Lieutenant looked wistful for a moment. “Not that we can take it with us.”
Bryce laughed. “True. But we do have the portable system, right?”
Keller smiled. “Yes, sir. The portable system is loaded and I think it should already be down there. We’ll be taking everything we can – we’re even draining the spare systems of plasma and other fluids to take those with us as well.”
“Can we actually transport it? That stuff’s unstable and explosive as hell out of those systems.”
“We’ve worked it out.”
“Who’s the lucky one carrying it?”
The Lieutenant shook his head. “I have no clue. I only know they got the bottles put in the containers and loaded.”
“I hope it’s on unmanned ships.”
“I think so, Sir.”
Bryce smiled a nervous smile. “Outstanding, I guess.” His fingers flew over the touch screens, watching readings and adjusting fluctuations. “So, you comfortable with the fixes in the Nav?”
“The NDTS took a beating, but it’s done well on the unmanned updates and launches so far. The Explorers are the last. And I’m showing I have a data connection to all Explorers except you and Five.”
The Nav Analyzer completed its quick check with green lights across the board. 
Bryce checked the numbers on the readouts then reconfigured the system to receive the update. “OK. We’re good for update. Go ahead.”
Keller nodded. “Just a sec. Got a glitch.” He seemed focused on something for several minutes. “OK, got it stabilized and I have you online now.” He paused. “We’ll send updated launch data first, followed by nav updates. By the way, Admiral says he’s about to head down to chat with you about something before you launch.”
“Roger.”
Bryce watched the readouts until the launch data update hit ninety percent, then turned his attention to the Reentry System Analyzer.
Some of the data he was seeing off the RSA wasn’t good - sub-systems were still bouncing between Marginal and Green.
Suddenly, the ship shifted noticeably as alarms sounded and readouts on several panels flashed red.
Bryce hit the Silence Alarm button instinctively.
“Proklyatie.” Tatiana muttered. Damn.
“What's going on up there?” Bryce demanded as Explorer One rocked gently. “Keller, what's happening?”
Bryce could see Keller feverishly working the console.
Jackson’s voice boomed in the background. “Abort! Abort! Disengage those launch systems. Watch those systems shorting out. Watch that! Hell’s...”
The transmission broke.

*****

DATE UNKNOWN, 1747 HOURS D+2 SHIPTIME
BRIDGE OF THE INTREPID

Jackson slammed his fist against the armrest of his chair as he quickly took in what was happening.
“Hell’s bells, would someone extinguish those fires.” Jackson yelled as two panels burst into blue flame. “And what happened to comm?”
Whatever had just hit the Intrepid hadn’t pierced the ship’s hull, since he didn’t see any breach alarms yet.
But the jarring had done the damage nonetheless.
Loose debris and other gear began to float around the bridge.
“Where were we hit?” He called out.
“Looks like just aft the wheel,” Wilson responded. “I’ve got folks headed that way.”
Auto launch sequences on the Command Launch Panel suddenly started on all ships as a panel at the Navigation station exploded.
Lieutenant Keller, working to control the auto-launch sequences, took the full brunt of the blast in his face, his body floating past Don until it bumped against the back bulkhead, blood seeping from huge gashes in his face and neck.
The blood formed perfect balls as they floated freely from his body, drawn to objects by static electricity and bursting against whatever they made contact with.
Jackson couldn’t tell if the Lieutenant was alive or dead and didn’t have time to worry about the young officer right now.
“Dammit, shut down those sequences,” The Admiral directed two techs. “Disengage the launch systems now.”
The situation on the bridge was rapidly getting out of control.
His bridge crew was fighting two fires already, with other panels sparking and emitting tendrils of smoke.
More systems were short circuiting and the resulting overloads continued to initiate shutdowns.
Odors and fumes were strong and the temperature was already warmer than normal.
Jackson raised his voice to be heard over the din. “All hands, break out breathing gear.”
He reached to the small lever on the side of his command chair, twisted it, and pulled the portable breathing pack from its compartment as the door popped open.
Pressing the mask against his face, Don pulled the straps over his head then tightened them so the mask fit snugly, wiping the dust off the face shield as he began to breathe filtered air through the micro-bio filtration system.
Even through the filter, he could smell fumes.
Crewmembers around Don were coughing and gagging as they struggled to get their own masks on.
Another panel burst into flame to his right and he watched his Navigation Systems officer struggle to release a fire extinguisher from its brackets – without bracing his body in the Zero-G environment and under stress, the man struggled to free the jammed extinguisher from the bracket holding it.
Jackson hit the release button on the buckle of his safety harness and pushed off the chair towards the Nav officer.
The man was coughing, unable to concentrate on the extinguisher any longer.
“Get a mask on.” Jackson ordered him, grabbing the extinguisher and nudging the Nav officer.
“No masks left.” He gasped. “I’ll get off the bridge as soon as I get that fire out.”
“Get out now and get a breather. I’ll handle the fire.”
“Yes, sir” the man gasped.
Don reasoned that, by now, rescue teams had to be forming and on their way to the bridge. 
He braced himself against the bulkhead handhold next to the extinguisher to gain some leverage on the jammed extinguisher and pulled.
It was just enough.
Freeing the jammed extinguisher from its bracket, he quickly handed it to another crewmember, then grabbed a second handhold, turning to see if he could help complete the shutdown of the main circuit system when it happened.
A loud explosion shook everything around him, originating somewhere in the ship below the bridge, with secondary explosions occurring somewhere seemingly almost immediately under the bridge and small explosions on the bridge itself.
Those explosions blew out more panels and access hatches, including the one leading to the upper bridge.
It flew open above him, slamming back against the stop on the hinge before slamming back down into place with a bang.
The locking pins broke and it floated back up about halfway, bouncing up and down in the weightlessness.
It seemed to Don everything that followed was in slow motion.
Death and destruction now filled the bridge everywhere he looked.
One explosion caught a Science Officer squarely in the face, the console in front of him exploding upward.
Don could only watch in morbid fascination as the man’s arm and head were violently dismembered by spinning razor-sharp shrapnel from his torso – his eyes wide and disbelieving as his head spun towards Don.
Blood flowed freely from the man’s shoulder and neck, streaming and forming thick bubbles while the man’s mouth seemed to be forming words that Don couldn’t make out before the head turned away from him.
But the worst was happening behind the dead officer.
A second panel, bulging outward from the initial explosion, was smoking heavily.
Tendrils of fire leapt from the openings on the sides of the panel as well as from openings that once held lights and touchpad switches. 
The evacuation klaxon began to wail, activated automatically by sensors detecting near fatal levels of flame, smoke, and fume.
Don watched as crewmembers around him quit fighting fires and began scrambling to evacuate the bridge.
He heard himself yelling “Abandon the bridge” above the din, even as events continued to spiral out of control.
Time had run out for the crew of the Intrepid.
Gas rapidly built beneath the burning wires, trapped in pockets formed by the walls of electronic modules and thick cabling.
Within microseconds, the addition of more gas produced by fractured plasma circuits and the fire, as well as the ambient heat from the fire itself, rapidly pushed the existing explosive gas levels to a flashpoint.
Once ignited, the resulting explosion was forced in all directions by a combination of the very walls that both contained and compressed the gas, as well as a lack of gravity.
However, in the tight confines of the module housing, the rapidly expanding gas explosion, seeking a way out, found the already weakened locks holding the panel down.
The pressure was too great and the focus of the gas, now an intense fireball, pressed against the panel.
It offered no further resistance and exploded upwards and outwards, whizzing past Don – the impact against the windscreen of the ship nothing more than a glancing impact as the heavy panel bounced off the thick Plastiglass and shot across the smoke and fume filled bridge, striking a Communications Officer squarely in the back of the neck with tremendous force.
The force of the impact broke her neck in four places and slammed her face first into a bulkhead that made up the side of the lift shaft, killing her instantly as the unyielding wall broke several bones in her face, crushed the front of her skull, and forced bone into her brain.
Her body immediately went limp, floating near the bulkhead that killed her, her head hanging at an unnatural angle.
Jackson pushed off a handrail and toward the front of his bridge, intent on examining the deep gouge he could see in the glass.
Unbeknownst to him, the Plastiglass had become brittle after exposure for so long to the harsh environment of space it was never intended to be exposed to.
As he approached the windshield, he began to see them--tiny spider web cracks radiating from the small impact point towards all edges.
The cracks spread with increasing speed along the inside layers, then through the multiple layers to the outermost skin.
The panel began to bow outwards.
Donald Jackson realized his fate was sealed by his own curiosity a split second before the entire section of windshield burst outwards into the emptiness of space and just as he reached toward the panel to close the shield.
The instant loss of pressure and intense cold of deep space boiled Jackson’s blood, then froze his entire body a split second later as he hurtled from the ship through the opening and toward the planet below.
Admiral Donald “Wildman” Jackson would enter the atmosphere and his frozen body would burn up.
Even so, microscopic pieces of his ash would drift with the winds to settle on the ground. 
And it would be those few hundreds of flakes that would allow him to offer the argument, if he could, that he might have been the first person from the Intrepid to touch more of the surface of the planet than any member of his crew.
Unfortunately for Don, it was a distinction no one would investigate or recognize.
The immediate decompression killed the remaining crewmembers on the bridge, pulling their bodies into space right behind their Admiral.
Several members in the shaft leading to the bridge also died from decompression or being struck by debris before the access door to the bridge automatically but slowly sealed itself to prevent a continued loss of pressure in the ship.
For the Intrepid, it was too late.
The destruction of the ship was now inevitable.
The bulkhead, weakened by the event and stresses it was never meant to endure, flexed and then collapsed outward, pieces of it exploding with terrifying speed towards the gaping hole once filled by the windshield and tearing out additional equipment and pieces of the hull.

*****

DATE UNKNOWN
1747 HOURS D+2 SHIPTIME
ON BOARD EXPLORER ONE

“Jackson, dammit, what's going on? Jackson?”
Damn.
Bryce swiftly began deactivating launch systems and started to direct Tatiana to begin an Emergency Systems Shutdown.
But a quick glance told him she was well on her way to finishing those actions as her hand flew to the communications panel.
She spoke in anxious tones, her accent heavy. “All hands aboard secure yourself and all equipment immediately.”
Bryce watched the Main Status Display Panel.
Error messages raced across the screen, signaling failures in several abort sequences for the Explorer while other messages showed failures in data connections to the Intrepid.
Power feeds from the Intrepid failed and the Explorer automatically switched to internal power.
Bryce cursed under his breath as a new set of messages flashed across the screen.
The launch sequence had initiated and the main airlocks were opening.
Explorer One was launching whether Bryce wanted it to or not.
“We’re in launch” Bryce shouted.
Almost immediately, Tatiana began re-initializing systems placed in standby or shut down.
As Bryce thumbed the intercom, the bay doors below the upside down Explorer began to open.
A loud hissing sound could be heard as air outside the hull of the Explorer vented into the vacuum of space.
He prayed the crew had sealed the port-locks before the bay doors had opened.
At the same time, he checked the hatch-locks on the Explorer.
Automatic safety systems had kicked in, swiftly sealing the Explorer from the hostile environment now outside the ship before damage was done to the crew or equipment inside.
Explosive bolts fired, jettisoning the connecting tunnel with its attached umbilical cabling and Bryce felt the ship shudder for just a second as the vertical stabilizer swung and locked in place.
Explorer One was about to fly.
Anyone who hadn’t left the ship was with now with them for the ride.
Bryce looked at the systems status panel once more.
What was happening should not have been possible but he immediately erased the contradiction from his mind – obviously it was happening and he had a ship and his crew to save.
He hit the intercom. “All hands, prepare for an unsequenced launch. Repeat. Prepare for an unsequenced launch. Bridge out.”
Almost immediately, he switched back to intra-ship communications. “Launch Control. Over.”
Static hissed in his ear.
Bryce slipped the remainder of his harness on and pulled it tight.
Just as he was about to re-attempt the call to the Intrepid again, an explosion somewhere deep in the Intrepid above rocked his ship violently.
Bryce instinctively lifted the cover and hit the Emergency Launch button.
A series of small explosive charges simultaneously broke apart the bolts holding together the seven clamps keeping Explorer One in its bay.
Instead of releasing, each clamp simply broke along pre-determined points, falling away from the Explorer in pieces.
Within milliseconds of the final clamp release, the Onboard Maneuver System initiated a series of pulse-firings from the maneuver jets on the vessel, swiftly jettisoning the ship from the belly of the Intrepid.
As Explorer One moved away from the Intrepid and gained speed from another firing of the OMS, the ship autonomously initiated a one hundred eighty-degree roll, putting it in the same attitude as the Intrepid.
Bryce looked up, watching in both awe and horror as a section of the hull including the upper portion of Bay One suddenly bulge, then explode outward.
“We’ve got problems. Maneuver jets just went off-line after the roll.” Melankov sang out, feverishly manipulating the panel between them. “Re-initiating system. I can have them up in five.”
“Five may be too late.” Bryce replied dryly.
Melankov didn’t even look up as Bryce helplessly watched a piece of debris nearly half the size of the Explorer race toward his ship, slowly flat spinning like a record.
It missed the Explorer as it passed by to the starboard by the barest of margins – wires, cables, equipment, and bodies grazing the Explorer or floating alongside, all of it encased in the twisted metal and wreckage.
A body hit the wing with almost no momentum and simply stopped, frozen and floating as the Explorer continued downward and away from it.
Bryce thankfully couldn’t see the face and didn’t recognize the uniform.
Smaller pieces of debris impacted the ship without enough force to penetrate and simply bounced off the reinforced titanium hull or stopped and floated.
A piece of metal flatly glanced across the windshield, ricocheting into space without leaving a mark in the thick Plastiglass.
Above him, he could see the front end of the Intrepid begin to disintegrate rapidly now, the box-like structure simply breaking apart.
The orbital control tower suddenly seemed to simply fall off the ship, turning to the side slightly as it floated away.
One of the sections exploded, the doors suddenly opening and twisting on their titanium hinges.
Cubes and pieces of debris flew outward, gyrating and bouncing into each other, some of them breaking apart as they gained distance from the main body of the ship while small fires and bright explosions erupted inside the Intrepid, then swiftly died out in the void of space.
The Ferris Wheel, as the rotating collar was affectionately called, suddenly detached from the ship, spinning wildly as it twisted and turned over and over like some sort of gyroscopic wheel gone crazy as the ship itself seemed to be twisting.
Debris was flying off the wheel as it violently spun, twisted and turned, but Bryce couldn’t see what it was.
With all the violence he witnessed above him, it was the complete lack of sound from the explosions and corresponding destruction which fascinated him the most.
“Reentry system engaged,” Tatiana's voice tore Bryce's attention away from the destruction above him. “Maneuvering jets online”
“Roger, status?”
“Systems green and marginal. It's going to be rough.”
“Did any other ships launch? I thought I saw bay doors open.”
“Didn’t see.”
“K.”
He could feel the upper edges of the planet's atmosphere beginning to grab the Explorer, pulling the ship down.
Bryce struggled with the controls as he issued commands.
“Give me some trim. Got to get control and keep the nose down. Keeps wanting to rise.”
The nose of the Explorer continued to rise and Bryce fought it back down.
He could see and feel the heat as the sides of the craft began to glow a deep cherry red, the ship sinking deeper into the atmosphere as the heavy air around it continued to drag the Explorer down rapidly.
Bryce worked harder than he ever had before, sweat beading on his face as he fought the controls bucking in his hands.
Not quite sure why they did it, but Bryce was damn glad the idiot engineers over-engineered the ship to be able to handle Earth, as well as Martian re-entry.
It was probably the only thing that saved their lives.
He could hear the deafening roar as the ship continued to re-enter.
“Hull temps rising, Bryce.” Tatiana called out. “Those tiles aren’t rated for this…she wasn’t built to do this.”
Her voice tinged on fear.
“I know. Trying to slow the decent.” Bryce struggled with the joystick controls, willing the ship into the proper attitude. “Dammit, this thing's a pig. I need stabilization control. Maneuver jets are down again. We’re almost in free fall. I’m pushing the nose down to keep her out of a flat spin.” He grunted. “Use the maneuver jets to slow the descent. Burn the fuel.”
Her hands flew across the controls as she tried to help him with her set of joysticks.
He felt the jets fire, pushing the ship upward and against the gravity forcing it down.
It wasn’t enough but it was helping.
“You've got mins. There's no more.” She called out. “We need to set her down as quick as you can. Temps still up but I think the tiles will hold.” She was sweating in the heat. “I can't keep stabilization in line. Maneuvering won't run back up.”
“AutoNav?”
“Marginal, on-line and scanning.”
The Explorer’s systems rapidly scanned the surface.
What its radar told the Nav System didn't match internal charts.
The ship analyzed its options and began to search for an area that matched general parameters.
None of what it was seeing matched Mars and the A.I. within the ship’s systems reverted back to the Earth scheme.
Terrain began matching parameters and the radar terrain mapping system swiftly fed data into the main computer.
Decisions were made by the ship’s computers as adjustments to fuel consumption were calculated and fed into the de-orbit programming.
Assuming the ship was now deorbiting in the Earth’s atmosphere for some reason and unsure why, the A.I. system immediately began altering the ships configuration to handle the environment, using thrusters and whatever it had available to slow the descent and prevent the ship from burning up.
A site was picked which appeared to be flat and relatively free of obstructions.
The ship could not offer the best site to land from any list of options since it had no options and its systems were rapidly failing.
Diagnostic and self-repair analysis within its circuitry dictated time was swiftly running out for the AutoNav system.
Consequently, the Main Control Computer sent out final commands to switch all systems to contingency operations, offering what it calculated was the crew’s best opportunity to survive in a non-Mars deorbit condition.
AutoNav chose the first site its systems and analysis confirmed met the necessary must-have parameters. 
“AutoNav has a site. Three twenty-seven at twenty-five.”
Bryce struggled with the controls.
His mouth was dry, but sweat ran down his face as he forced the ship to respond.
It felt like something had locked the control surfaces in place. 
We're not going to make it, Bryce told himself with frightening finality. 
“Twenty klicks and closing,” Tatiana managed, her face lined with exertion as she did everything she could to help him control the ship. “Altitude five zero zero zero. Dropping too fast. We still need to come over ten degrees.”
“I…know...it,” Bryce grunted as he struggled with the controls.
The directional compass, using its own internal reference points, slowly rotated toward the right heading, but he still feared the worst.
“Give me an alternate,” he said.
“None. AutoNav’s gone,” Tatiana replied through clenched teeth as the ship bucked through turbulent air when it entered heavy storm clouds.
The wings bounced up and down as bright white lightning lit up the grey darkness surrounding the ship while the Explorer cut through the middle of the storm, buffeted by heavy winds and lashing rain with large hail bouncing off the ship as it sliced through a pocket.
“Maneuvering systems down. LSS up, marginal at best”
The ship hit another pocket of heavy turbulence and started to roll to the right as a bolt of lightning flashed across the left side of the ship.
Bryce fought the roll and the ship slowly responded, grunting out his reply. “This...whole…day…is…marginal.”
“Ten klicks. Altitude two five zero zero. Landing system green.”
The ship carved through the wall of the storm, emerging into clear air and a sunny deep blue sky.
“Three...twenty...seven...mark.” Bryce grunted, fighting the controls.
He peered through the windshield. “I've...got...the...site. Looks like a grassland clearing about five klicks out. Initiate LSS.”
Tatiana punched the button. “LSS initiated.”, then swiftly activated the intercom as a klaxon sounded throughout the ship. “All hands, brace for impact.”
The LSS system, in its marginal state, could not initiate a smooth transition of the thrusters from forward flight to a landing posture.
Rather than slowing to a stop above the terrain then hovering and settling down to a gentle landing, the resulting awkward semi flare-out caused the ship to hit the ground hard and at an odd angle while still moving forward.
The excessive forward momentum was more than the control surfaces could accommodate – the impact stressed the tricycle landing gear’s ski-style pads and load-bearing systems.
Systems designed for the Martian surface and not the slightly heavier-than-Earth gravity of this planet failed as forces swiftly exceeded allowable tolerances, rupturing fail-safe systems in all three landing arms.
Even so, had the ship landed on a relatively smooth grassy surface and with a bit of luck, the landing skids could have absorbed the stress and allowed the ship to slide to a stop.
Unfortunately, Explorer One did not land on a relatively smooth surface. The left rear skid slammed into and then on top of a large rock, sliding off more sideways than forward and wedging into a small but deep depression.
The gear and supporting structure were torn from the mountings, causing the left side of the ship to slam onto the surface as the ship continued forward.
The main strut of the wedged gear pierced the belly of the ship like a giant spear and tore through Cargo Hold Three as the ship ran over it, small explosions erupting and swiftly dying out.
The brutal force of the gear slicing through the compartment instantly killed three crew members and fatally injured a fourth who had been in the hold storing equipment.
The debris intermingled in a ghastly cloud within the compartment of destroyed gear, ship parts and torn bodies.
The Explorer skidded along the ground briefly before the edge of the wing dug in, spinning the craft violently to the left and tearing part of the wing from the ship at the root as panels and other debris were flung off from the momentum.
The front gear folded, causing the nose to slam onto the ground with enough force to tear hatches left open within the ship from their hinges. 
In a cloud of torn sod, dirt and pieces of the ship, Explorer One stopped.
A brief explosion erupted in the rear as a fuel canister broke and split open on the ground, the contents reacting instantly to the oxygen of the atmosphere and the still hot surface of the craft – flames erupted and just as quickly dissipated, causing no additional damage to the ship.
The resulting electric overloads caused by the crash were sensed by the dying ship's main system and shutdown sequences to systems already obliterated by the damage were initiated.
Seconds later, the ship’s Main Control Computer, the A.I. heavily damaged with its memory circuits failing rapidly, shut itself down and tripped all circuit breakers and protective segments in an effort to protect what it could of itself and its programming.
Jungle noise soon intermingled with the creaking, groaning protests of the settling ship, as well as moans of the injured and dying crew.

*****
IF YOU ENJOYED WHEN THE GODS FAIL: JOURNEY …

The story of Bryce Tyrell and the crew of the Explorer has just begun.

It continues with WHEN THE GODS FAIL: GENESIS, which finds Bryce and the crew encountering new cultures, new challenges and new adventures. He and the crew will be tested and challenged, threatened with death yet never truly understanding what’s happening to them. They will meet those who fear them and loathe them yet somehow he and the crew must establish some way to communicate with these cultures if they are to survive.

And even if they can communicate to survive, Bryce and the crew must stand up to the threats, meet the challenges and learn about a world they know nothing about – a world where death is always present and cultures unlike anything they’ve seen on Earth will make them question everything they’ve learned, seen or experienced in their lives. 

But can they survive in a world where they are strangers to everything, including the dangers that await them and even to themselves?

To sample what Bryce and the crew may have to overcome, I offer you the first segments of Chapter One from  WHEN THE GODS FAIL: GENESIS.
WHEN THE GODS FAIL:
GENESIS

*****

CHAPTER ONE

“... no battle is ever won ... they are not even fought. The field only reveals to man his own folly and despair, and Victory is an illusion of philosophers and fools.”

William Faulkner

*****

20 AUGUSTUS 1133, 11.57 HOURS
CARILLIAN FORWARD OUTPOST 785
CARILLIAN EMPIRE

Quietly, both slipped through the dense jungle foliage, careful to disturb as little as possible on the soft floor of rotted foliage and undergrowth. This close to the Carillian outpost meant even the slightest out-of-place sound or disturbed branch could be a death warrant.
Rising from the thick foliage, trees towered overhead, looming over everything, silent and brooding in their leafy dominance with boughs as thick as barrels. Vibrantly colored flowers could be seen in nooks and moss hung heavy from branches. In the darkest recesses of the massive roots surrounding the base of each, the blossoms glowed – pinks, purples and deep red fluorescent blooms offering dim light where no sun could penetrate. As beautiful as both of them knew the blooms appeared, they also knew every one of the flowers were as deadly as they were pretty.
Step close enough for the plants to sense your presence and barbs equipped with an intense neuro-toxin would shoot from the blossoms – a toxin so deadly, the unfortunate creature hit by it would be unconscious within seconds and dead within a minute.
Once the plant confirmed the prey was dead, thick tendrils would slip from the root base to envelope the body, dragging it back toward the main body of the organism while shooting decomposing juices into it. Once the body was pulled as close as the tendrils could manage, the plant would begin absorbing the rapidly deteriorating flesh to sustain the plant.
Even the bones were collected by the tendrils then buried around the roots of the organism to be grasped and slowly digested over time.
Nothing was left to waste by the plant.
Step too close and you die – keep your distance and you were safe.
The sounds of the jungle surrounded them as they slipped through heavy undergrowth between wide, lush fronds and past the grey-green tree trunks covered in bark as thick as their thigh and wider than both of them standing side by side. Birds flew from branch to branch high in the canopy and the calls, screeches and howls of the inhabitants surrounded them as they moved through the foliage.
Sweat rolled off their brows, the ever-present smell of damp mustiness filled their nostrils and the humid air hung heavy. Sunlight filtered through sparse openings in the jungle canopy creating more heat and making it that much more oppressive. Periodically, they would spot huge webs shimmering with dew and hanging in clear spaces.
Enormous arachnos, some with bodies the size of a person, sat in the centers of many of the webs, most watching their passing with disinterest. Some chattered at them as they passed close by while others continued to clean and repair the webs after a night of successful hunting.
Rarely were arachnos known to attack anything much bigger than their normal prey, but it had happened in the past and the two stayed vigilant as they moved through the area.
Moving higher as they climbed the terrain, the trees thinned incrementally, the area between each now filled with tall Yolu plants, their wide, thick fronds forming their own canopy.
The sniper paused as she lifted a Yolu frond, then slipped under it and immediately held up a hand, signaling for both to drop to the ground.
They were on the edge of the precipice overlooking the Graul encamped at the outpost.
The circuitous route they used to penetrate the Carillian territory had been deliberately designed to bring them to the backside of the outpost. Off in the far distance, they could easily see their own homeland, lying past the static front lines of a war which had not flared up in almost a half a lifetime.
Yet a war it remained.
Though the actual front was fortified with sensor nets, fencing, traps and bunkers, frequent clashes still occurred and the line between the two empires constantly threatened all who stood watch along it with death on a daily basis.
Even the town both could see in the distance – Avonda – was more a fort than a town, the walls surrounding it defended with bunkers, observation posts, towers and heavy weapons facing the enemy. Though it sat back from the actual border a short distance, it was like many of the towns along the frontier – places where hearty settlers, merchants and farmers carved out a living from the harsh jungle behind the town while constantly under the threat from an enemy they knew would give no quarter.
The enemy did the same.
She looked down on what was once a remote forward outpost.
It was clear the latest intelligence briefing had been correct – what they saw below them was no longer a forward outpost. It had developed into something much more significant.
And behind them some distance back they had skirted past the beginnings of a new town. Judging from what they saw in that town, this was going to become much more than an outpost.
Beneath them and the high cliffs encircling three sides of a large area, Graul milled about a large number of combat vehicles and numerous mobile shelters. The area itself had long ago been mostly cleared then flattened. In fact, she pointed out to her observer, it looked as if the Graul had actually enlarged the area, deliberately changing the route of the river which flowed along the fourth side to create more open space.
And the enlarging continued.
As they continued to watch, a Graul engineer team moved into place to continue the process of excavating what looked to be a new river bed out of the collapsed rock wall on the opposite side of the river. Other engineering teams were lining the new bed with rock, what looked to be passive defensive measures and most likely sensor nets.
From the looks of the preparations, any type of full frontal attack coming across the river would be cut down before the attackers could ever make the opposite shore.
Other engineering teams were modifying and expanding the sides of the river as it entered and exited the area, as well as the only road coming into the area – a single,  rough-cut road passing through a massive gate complex. Semi-permanent sentry positions stood at regular intervals along a newly installed perimeter fence along the river bank, while patrols could be seen moving along the edge of the new river banks intermingling with the construction crews.
By her calculations, the sniper figured the site would grow at least another twenty-five percent. 
Hand-signaling her observer, both slid back, then worked their way along the edge of the cliff to the right, staying out of sight and moving carefully toward the position they had scouted more than two months previous.
Neither spoke.
Having worked together as a team for so long and trained in the blending arts, they communicated but rarely spoke, even when not on a mission.
They’ve been working, haven’t they? The spotter commented.
I’ll say. Changed a lot in two months.
Think we can still use that spot?
Hope so.
Skirting around a large tree growing along the edge of the cliff, both watched carefully for sentries, and sensors.
Any signs? The sniper asked.
Nothing.
Weird.
Yeah, I know. I don’t like it.
Neither do I. Let’s get this done and get outta here.
The intel said tomorrow, right?
The sniper nodded.
You think it’s any good?
Antonia chuckled despite trying to be quiet. Probably about as accurate as the last shit we got. A long pause. I hope it’s worth something. Otherwise, we’ve taken one hell of a long walk.
And we’ll have a longer walk back.
Sliding into the depression, the two paused for a moment before the sniper began setting up her firing position then glassed the field.
A small group of Graul were setting up a platform where the intel said the dedication would be located. She watched them for several seconds, wondering what the five posts being sunk deep into the ground were for, then glassed back to the vehicles and snapped images of a number which looked unfamiliar. She also snapped images of a small, fenced-in structure near the middle of the clearing, as well as stacks of crates, loose equipment and construction material sitting to the side of it.
A sentry post guarded the only gate into the enclosure, but security appeared to be minimal for whatever was housed in the little building.
Off to one side of the enclosure, it looked like they were building permanent living quarters. The sniper scooted forward to see why a large vehicle seemed to be driving directly into the rock wall below them, finding herself staring down at a larger, more robust building under construction and flush against the wall of the cliff almost directly below them. She snapped several images of the construction but could tell nothing of what purpose the building would eventually serve.
Scooting back and finished with her imaging, she passed the glasses to her observer.
The observer began her own careful scan of the area, capturing images of a number of vehicles, some of the Graul milling around and what looked to be a never-seen-before antenna array. She also captured images of the construction, the new riverbed and a group of three Carillian officers off to one side of the platform construction.
Livia glassed the area once more before reviewing the images she and her partner had taken. Satisfied with the quality, she stored the complete portfolio into a compressed micro file she would send to Central Operations in a snap-burst once they made contact.
The sniper re-glassed the target zone, satisfied with the equipment choices they made before the mission. Both had agreed, during the planning, they would use a solid rather than an energy shot to take out the target.
Not only would the solid shot give them the advantage of distance, it would also be less likely to give away their exact position, especially so deep in enemy territory.
It would be obvious to the enemy once they fired that they were somewhere in the cliffs above them, but even a few seconds of confusion could be enough to make a clean escape.
If the target actually showed up.
The new rifle was heavy and had proven to be a bit bulkier than the sniper had planned for during the long trek in, but Antonia had no regrets. She had personally designed it and the over-under solid versus energy shot system gave her advantages she wished she’d had on other missions. Although the prototype scope on this weapon was designed to integrate with the automated targeting systems and was bulky, it was still a welcome improvement over the old systems.
Even as she assembled the weapon and attached the scope, the sniper was working through a lighter design for both the rifle and the scope and a better way to integrate the information in her mind.
The breeze picked up suddenly and a musty, moist smell of dead vegetation and moss hanging in the air in the shaded rocky depression they lay in invaded her senses as she slid the scope in place then locked it on.
Rain would be coming very soon, the breeze a harbinger of the developing cells.
Easing the long combi-barrel through the heavy downward-hanging fronds of an Orgadro tree growing next to the rocky depression, she anchored the weapon in place to prevent it from sliding down the slight natural downward slide of rock at this spot.
That rocky slide offered her an unparalleled, clear field of fire into the outpost below and the big tree provided natural cover.
It was the reason they both selected the spot after thoroughly scouting the entire rim on their last mission into the area.
Once she ensured her weapon was in position and ready, Antonia re-checked the charge-pac then slid each of the ten solid rounds out of the ammunition clip and onto a cloth. While her spotter set up the targeting scope, using an extended hood to prevent any reflection off the optics, the sniper quietly took each round out of the clip, cleaned it to make sure the micro-optic eye was smudge-free, then inspected each of the variable flight rings. These new self-guiding rounds had been designed so that once the target was acquired in the targeting system, she could fire quickly in the direction of the target without using the sights, knowing each round would guide itself into the target even if her aim was off. Satisfied the ten rounds were functional and ready, she slid each one back into its prescribed slot in the clip, ensuring the micro data-port for each round was snug against its collar to guarantee good data transfer.
After re-assembling the first clip, she disassembled, then checked the remaining two clips, reflecting on their orders as she methodically cleaned and checked each round.
If they could successfully kill the target here, they were to make their way to a secondary target rather than back to friendly lines, then finally a third. Assuming they could successfully kill all three targets, they were to make their way back to friendly lines.
The plan relied on the Carillians looking for them to head immediately for friendly lines if they were successful here, theoretically opening an opportunity to go after the second target. Since it would be even more illogical to go after a third, especially given the second target’s location should be closer to friendly lines if the Carillians reacted to the first assassination as expected, they would, instead, head even deeper into enemy territory to kill the third target.
To increase the odds of success for this first assassination, two other teams would also infiltrate to the first target, firing at roughly the same time as Antonia did. Both would fire two additional shots after Antonia fired her last then head back to friendly lines after a successful kill using different routes and creating as much havoc as they could on their way back to provide the diversion Antonia and Livia would use to move into position for the second shot.
With luck, the rabbits would draw the hounds off the real trail.
They were some of the best in the Legion and Antonia not only knew each personally, but knew they’d do their part.
It was up to her and Livia to make these kills – they were the best team in the legion and the only team that had a remote chance to pull it off.
Besides, Antonia smiled, not only did her and Livia volunteer for the mission, they developed the entire plan. Throughout the planning and training, both never let it be known they knew the chances of survival were thin.
But success meant decapitating the entire Carillian leadership, leaving the Empire no choice but to sue for peace on Roman terms.
It would end a very long and costly war.
Even if it meant they might lose their own lives to achieve the goal.
Both had discussed it over and over, wavering back and forth. They knew the odds, but they also knew the terrain and they were fairly certain how the Carillians would react to each attack.
There was a very slight chance they could survive.
And if they did…if they could make it back to their own lines after that third kill, this would be their last mission…ever.
They would leave the Legion and find someplace quiet…alone…someplace they could live in peace and forget about a violent and terrible past that brought them together.
It was a chance they decided they had to take.
We calibrated?
Almost. Syncing the scopes and TAC.
Sweating in the humid air, the spotter worked the wireless linkage between her scope, the rifle and the targeting unit, carefully making the required adjustments and watching the sync set-up. The linkage wasn’t behaving like it should but she showed no sign of concern. This wasn’t the first time she had problems with these multi-link systems and probably wouldn’t be the last. While the sync continued, she slipped the Big Ear communication module from her pack and clipped it into the comm mount on her thigh, plugging the cables from the unit into her suit. Checking the TAC sync once more, she shifted her focus to the comm module.
Slipping a custom-fit earpiece into her ear, she slid the throat-activated microphone on. The three teams had been equipped with the newest version of the WHISPERBLOK transponder unit, designed to absorb vocal communications directly from her throat while being virtually insensitive to chaotic background noise. The comm system was theoretically capable of transmitting even barely whispered communications during covert operations with astonishing clarity.
As the intelligent mic unit automatically adjusted to her throat, sliding along the band into the best possible position, she slid the small push-to-talk transmit onto her right forefinger, testing the unit and watching the test screen on her heads-up display to ensure the unit was functioning correctly.
Checking the TAC once more and satisfied it was now proceeding normally, she activated the comm module.
Letting them know we’re here.
K.
Keying the unit, she spoke in whispered tones, “Eagle 43, Shadow 21. Ack.”
The voice from Central Ops came through crystal clear in her earpiece, “21, 43, Ack”
She checked the module before responding, “43, 21, Tango. Prep for transmit.”
Before she received any response, she sent the snap-burst of more than fifty images.
“Complete.”
The response was immediate, “Ack. 2 and 3 DNR, 21, 43, NFT”
Damn.
The spotter responded, “21 out”, then flipped the mode switch to ‘monitor’ only.
The system would only activate if a specific signal was received by her module. The spotter adjusted her earpiece, making it a bit more comfortable to wear, her face clearly displaying the anger and frustration she felt.
What’s wrong?
One and two didn’t report in. A very long pause. No traffic for us.
Not in place yet? Maybe they’re having difficulty getting into position.
Livia shook her head. They knew the schedule. This isn’t good.
Antonia nodded, slipping off her balaclava as she continued to slowly change into her ECIRA suppression suit.
With both teams late and not reporting, the chances for success of the entire mission diminished significantly. The four members of the other two teams had not only been good soldiers, but good friends as well. Once they heard about the mission and their roles, all four volunteered without hesitation, making crude jokes about playing rabbits.
Rabbits with fangs and claws.
If neither had reported in by now, reasoned Antonia, then it was likely both teams were probably dead.
Team Two’s position had been in a jumble of rock on the collapsed fourth wall while Team Three should have been in place almost directly above the entry gate. The plan was designed to allow her to take the shot while they used a combination of sniper shots, micro-rocket attacks and heavy demolition pacs to divert Carillian attention, prevent reinforcements from arriving and create a general havoc in the area for just a brief period of time before making their own escapes.
She considered a number of options, then decided the loss of the two other teams didn’t change anything.
They would kill the first target, make a quick escape and hole up for a day or two, then make their way to the second location and make the kill. If they were successful the second time, they would escape and go as hard as they could to get in place for a chance at the third target.
She knew they could pull this first part off if the target actually appeared, but the second attack was less likely and the third probably had no chance of success.
The only way it might work at all was for them to anticipate then do exactly what the enemy didn’t think they would do.
The first kill was the key, she concluded as she continued with the tedious job of putting on the ECIRA in such a cramped location.
Her biggest fear right now was disturbing the surrounding vegetation, their equipment or potentially disturbing a rock that could tumble down the slide to fall off the cliff and raise an alarm.
Like her partner, it still bothered her, as she slipped on the suit, that they hadn’t found any Carillian surveillance systems along the cliff edge nor had they encountered any sentries or outposts, especially given the amount of security immediately surrounding the outpost below.
Although most of the enemy’s automated systems were primitive and could easily be spoofed, they were still effective enough if one didn’t stay sharp. Even though they’d detected none of the systems nor had they seen any indication the Carillians or Graul had deployed even basic sensor nets, that tense feeling of missing something was still in her mind, teasing her like a bad itch and tormenting her with constant doubt.
There had to be mobile platforms deployed in the area, especially this deep in enemy territory. Even if they felt the location was too deep behind the lines to be attacked, the Carillians should have still deployed some type of security layer other than the primitive fence and outposts they’d seen below their position.
Something wasn’t right.
For a brief moment, Antonia considered scrubbing the mission and moving out, but her desire to kill this bastard overrode her caution.
If they could just kill this one.
The skillful defeat of the two heat and three motion sensor nets by her spotter as they crossed the frontier still amazed Antonia. Even after working together so long, Antonia still didn’t understand how Livia not only seemed to know where the damn things were, but knew exactly which frequencies they operated on.
Perhaps the implants had something to do with it, but those implants were designed to only allow the woman to sense the electromagnetic radiation signatures much better than any sensor or mob so she could react to each. They were a primitive design and only experimental – even Livia had said she didn’t feel they helped her any more than before they were implanted.
No…whatever allowed Livia to understand those networks was more about her and not the tech in her body and head. The sniper would have preferred simply destroying the systems, but Livia made the point that destroying them was as good as sending a SunStar in the sky to tell the Carillians exactly where they were.
Instead, she toyed with the enemy systems, blocking nets and even individual sensors with just enough interference to prevent full data transmission as they slipped through.
To the operators monitoring the system, it would look like a glitch in the data stream – something that occurred regularly in these dense jungle environments. Since the data would be deemed unreliable and marked as such, the system would automatically dump it and the follow-on data points, thereby concealing their passing.
Livia always ensured the interference she created seemed to be perfectly normal to even the most astute operators – never too much or too little.
Even though it added three days of transit time during this mission, their very lives depended on it and they hadn’t been detected.
Finally, in her ECIRA suit, the sniper relaxed a moment then adjusted her helmet and activated the systems as she slipped the last hose into place until it clicked into position. The systems in the suit immediately started slowly lowering her UV and IR signatures to equal the surrounding area while providing a comfortable, weatherproof, armored suit sheltering her from the heat, humidity and the other irritants of remaining in one position for long periods at a time.
Not only was it designed to allow the operator to stay in it for very long durations, unlike the bulkier infantry suits, the ECIRA used a liquid armor that could literally, in microseconds, orient itself to provide absolute protection against almost any threat. The passive sensor arrays the suit possessed provided it the warning time it needed to orient the liquid armor in the most precise pattern to meet the threat.
She didn’t understand the tech completely, but she knew it worked.
Part of their training involved actually wearing the suit then having live weapons fired at her. The trainers explained the exercise was to instill in her confidence the suit could work.
Antonia swore it was simply sadistic pleasure on their parts as they watched her body bounce around from the force of the impacts from each round.
She adjusted her airflow then inhaled deeply, sucking in the reconditioned outside air as she relaxed. The form-fitting suit wasn’t uncomfortable once a person became used to it. The built-in systems monitored her vital signs and kept her cool while waste disposal systems took care of bodily functions, even her exhaled breath. Nourishment and water were available through tubes next to her mouth. She was told it was theoretically possible for a person to comfortably last up to ten days in this newer version of the suit.
The record in the old version was thirteen, but that had been an absolute survival situation and the soldier took months to recover from the ordeal of wearing one for so long.
Antonia had no intention of ever staying in this suit for thirteen days under any circumstances. In fact, she doubted she would ever wear one for even five days, much less ten.
Taking a sip of water from the smaller tube next to her mouth, she remembered this new version could manufacture only a limited quantity of water for the reservoir each hour from the humid outside air due to the smaller hydration module. The greater the humidity, the quicker it could process the air to generate more water, but until the reservoir was completely full, she’d have to monitor her water intake.
The screens in her helmet finally updated completely and data on her HUD told her all systems in the suit were at optimal performance. Communications were in stand-by mode and targeting data, as well as the other data streams, seemed to be consistently updating.
She turned to find her spotter starting to get into her suit.
The sniper paused, watching her for a moment.
It wouldn’t be difficult for anyone who might observe them to tell both soldiers were women in the form-fitting camouflaged infiltration suits they had worn. The ECIRA suit and helmet had taken up the bulk of their backpacks and were designed to fit over and integrate with the IS suit and systems. Because the ECIRA was slightly bulkier, once they donned it, they would have to be careful in their movements.
She smiled.
No matter how much clothing and equipment her spotter wore, she could always visualize in her mind the soft curves of Livia’s body. After so many missions together, so many narrow escapes, so many times patching each other’s wounds and so much time spent together after missions, the two of them had become more than teammates and friends.
It wasn’t like she hadn’t had lovers before, but Livia had been different from the beginning.
Strong-willed, intelligent, and beautiful, she was unimpressed with rank or title and possessed a live-for-the-moment attitude Antonia couldn’t resist.
The only other one who’d been like her had also swept Antonia off her feet and she felt life with him would never be anything but heaven. They planned to marry and she had longed to abandon her obligations, raise his children and be nothing more than simply his wife.
Then the war took Arturis from her.
In one brief explosion of fire and smoke, it took him so completely she was left with nothing. They never found a body and only small pieces of burnt, twisted wreckage from his aircraft.
There was speculation he had survived the encounter because nothing from the escape module had ever been found, but no trace of Arturis had ever been found, no intel offering the remotest possibility he had survived had ever surfaced and nothing to give her any chance of hope had ever appeared.
Even the etched white stone marking his grave rested on solid, unbroken ground, unhallowed by coffin or crypt.
There had been nothing to bury.
The war took him in an instant.
And destroyed her heart in that same instant.
She joined the army almost immediately afterward in a fit of rage, turning from the warm and loving woman Arturis had made her want to be into a cold, dispassionate and calculating killer – she may have been a leader by rank but much more important to her, she had become a sniper of unequaled skill.
She didn’t care about leading – for her, the war and the killing were personal – every kill she made using her weapon and even her bare hands was supposed to fill the hole in her heart they created by taking him from her.
Every breath she stole from the enemy and every voice she silenced should have helped her erase the screams she filled the night with following his death. Yet the screams still haunted her.
Every tear shed by a loved one of each enemy she terminated should have made up for the rivers of tears she cried for weeks following his death, yet not one made up for what she’d lost.
The hole remained in her heart and no matter how many she had killed – and the number was not insignificant – that hole never filled, the warmth never returned and the smile on her face never reappeared.
Lovers came and went – she didn’t remember half of them and couldn’t remember any pleasure she’d received from any of them. Men, women, it was all the same. They wanted her for her beauty, while she offered herself to try and find some sort of peace.
But it eluded her…stayed from her and evaded her…avoided her.
She no longer cared and had given up hope.
Then Livia came into her life.
It was rough at first and Antonia had been nothing short of impossible to be around, but Livia refused to give up on her. She started out as nothing more than Antonia’s observer – the next in a long line who would stay with the woman for a brief time until her hatred, vitriol and pure anger either chased them away or they were killed on a mission.
But Livia stayed, then slowly became a friend.
Soon, she became a confidant – someone Antonia felt she could trust her secrets to.
Then Livia became a lover.
Antonia had shared her bed with both men and women in the past, but with Livia she shared a tenderness the woman had felt with no other woman.
Only Arturis, in his own way, had made her feel the same.
Over the year they had been together, Livia somehow found and gave Antonia back her heart.
It was damaged and still hurt, but Livia gently repaired it and nurtured it.
Antonia, without any regret, gave it back to her.
Then took Livia’s in return.
They loved in a passionate way few would ever experience, giving to each other completely and without reservation. Nothing was held back. No secret remained unspoken and no thought unknown. Away from the missions, they stayed to themselves, allowing no one into the very private world they created for each other. They protected each other, nourished each other and became the rock the other depended on.
Once in the field, however, what kept them alive was a completely professional and mission-focused attitude. Their personal lives and feelings disappeared the minute the mission started and both were once again soldiers. The sniper found she could still be the cold-blooded killer she had become long ago. She still missed him and she continued to kill to fill the emptiness they put in her from his death – an emptiness that never seemed to end.
It was an emptiness Livia understood and didn’t try to fill. It was a hatred that could not be assuaged or diminished by simple words or even tender actions.
It was an anger that could never be pacified.
And it kept them alive.
In the field, they were not lovers.
In the field, they were soldiers with a mission to complete – killers without remorse, pity or even a heart.
They worked and thrived in a kill or be killed world.
And they did not intend to ever become the target.
But sometimes, Antonia had to admit, even that was hard, especially as she gazed at Livia’s supple body sliding into the suit.
Looks like the sync is complete. Check your scope.
Snapping out of her less-than-mission-oriented thoughts, the sniper slowly settled into position, slipping the eyepiece adapter onto the scope and nestling the stock of the weapon into her shoulder. She gently pressed the rubber boot on the back of the adapter against the faceplate on her suit and it responded by darkening out everything and forming a focused digitized view through the scope, instantly relaying data and a picture from the scope into her HUD.
She relaxed, sliding into her breathing rhythm.
Gently and ever so slightly, she shifted the rifle, focusing on the center-mass of a Graul soldier in the approximate location they both agreed would be the most likely spot where the stand would be placed. The workers were putting up clear panels forming a wall along the front of the platform along with small oddly-shaped, tower-like devices evenly spaced along its length.
Shielding.
Strange, she thought. There had been no mention of shielding in the intel briefings they had received.
Unfortunately, the use of the shields would limit her to using the solid shots. Adjusting the sight in her scope, she picked a point and brought it into focus then gently tapped a small recessed button on the side of the scope. Numbers appeared in bright red in the center of her scope and she passed them on to her spotter.
842.
The spotter, looking through her own scope and seeing what the sniper saw in a small window in the lower corner, compared that image to her own. She made some adjustments until her image matched that of the one in the rifle’s scope, then watched the TAC sync both systems. In short order, a small green light appeared in both scopes and on the TAC. 
Sync’d.
All rounds would now be targeted to the point where the sniper designated once she actually fired that first shot. And the observer would capture the kill for verification purposes.
The spotter slipped the hoses on her suit into place and relaxed. Their weapons were in place, the systems were set up and they were ready. Barring an unexpected discovery by a sensor or patrol which happened to come in their direction, the two would have nothing but a long night ahead of them.
Everything’s set.
Still no indication of mobs or remotes? The sniper asked.
No.
Airbornes?
None.
Odd. Nothing, yet they’re using shields.
Now that you say it…
Heavy clouds rapidly moved in and the sniper shifted the weather cover over the weapon then went over the situation in her head once again. They were under cover in a slight depression next to a stand of tall and very dense vegetation forming a canopy over them. The natural cut in the rocks that served as a slide for her to shoot through would divert water from collecting in the depression when the rain came.
Virtually undetectable by heat, electronic or other sensor systems, unless someone were standing right on top of them, they shouldn’t be spotted.
Both ECIRA suits were functioning and they had more than enough food and water.
The intelligence had been accurate and the enemy was doing exactly what they were told would be done. The shields were unexpected but not out of place, given the circumstances.
Still, for some reason, Antonia kept feeling something seemed out of place.
And then the rain came – a cataclysm of water that fell on them as if some fountain of the gods had overflowed directly on top of their location.
At its most ardent, it hammered at the undergrowth with a low thunderous roar. During quieter points, the sound was closer to a hose spewing pieces of metal on metal instead of water. In between squalls, the storm created a thumping asylum of sound as if purposefully designed to unhinge even the strongest. Thunder cracked so loud it hurt the ears as heavy wind roared overhead and multiple flashes of jagged lightning split the sky in brilliant white strikes, some so close they truly frightened the two. Clouds swirled violently as they raced by overhead, the storms intent on creating havoc further down the line.
The ECIRA suits were completely waterproof and their equipment was safe under weather covers, so both sat in silence as the storm passed, sunlight following it to heat up the wet jungle and create an environment even more humid than before.
On the tiny bit of horizon they could see, another dark squall line of intense storms were headed their way.
It was going to be a long night.
Now what?
The sniper looked at her spotter, then gently scooted over until both sat next to each other, relaxed and watching the jungle around them as the drama of the approaching storms unfolded above them.
We wait.

*****

They could do nothing but watch as the five prisoners were tightly lashed to the thick poles set into the back of the stage, forced to stand tall by the cords tied around their bodies and necks.
Preceding the start of the actual execution, he appeared just as the shields were activated, glowing a pale blue while the air above the wall seemed to shimmer.
He walked along the line of condemned, slapping, insulting and manhandling them as he offered a short speech in native Carillian describing the various crimes against the Carillians each of them had supposedly committed. Each of his proclamations was met by loud cheers, grunts, growls and hoots from the audience of Graul and Carillian soldiers. Finally, after humiliating the last prisoner, he signaled to the firing squad then disappeared behind the stage.
Antonia lay, watching the entire scene playing out before her and frustrated she had no shot the entire time he was visible.
The irony of executing him in front of his own execution squad did not escape her, but the opportunity never presented itself.
The five-person squad stepped forward and took their position before the first prisoner, three kneeling and two standing and all five making a great show of the execution process by moving methodically with deliberate pomp and ceremony. As each command was issued, the squad moved as one until the command to fire was given.
The first to die was a Roman soldier, hit in the chest by the multiple bolts of bright red energy and stiffening for a brief moment before slumping against the wide bands holding him tightly to the pole, his head still held up and facing forward as it slumped down.
After the execution, the Graul officer in charge of the squad stepped forward and slapped the head harshly for all to see, shaking it and laughing. The Grauls in the assembled crowd roared their approval, thumping their huge paws against their armored chests, the roars growing louder as the Graul holding the head slapped it around several more times then deliberately shot it from the side, spraying those prisoners remaining alive with blood, brains and gore.
The next two to die were also Romans.
From the uniforms, it appeared to Antonia and Livia both men and the woman were soldiers from the Avonda Legion.
The woman looked to be a Centurion.
All three looked in bad shape, the uniforms torn and their bodies clearly showing signs of torture and abuse.
Antonia and Livia snapped images of all three to assist in the identification process and offer some peace to loved ones left behind, noting all died bravely as they stared down their executioners. 
Though grievously injured and in obvious pain, the fourth prisoner – a Ronocian – stood tall as best he could, choking on the strap around his neck. He stared at his killers, spitting at them and screaming an obscenity at the Carillian Empire as the shots penetrated his bound body.
He stood for a moment, obviously still alive, then laughed as he died, slumping downward like the others.
Both Antonia and Livia captured images of him as well, though they didn’t recognize the colors or the emblem on the shoulder of the Ronocian uniform he wore.
The last individual executed was a species neither had ever seen before and the spotter took a number of images of the creature, packaging all of the images of each of the condemned in a file to send later. It strongly resembled a Cartharan and clearly walked on two legs, but it was considerably larger and the fur covering it was unlike any Cartharan she had ever seen – a mottled black, white and grey pattern as opposed to the typical Cartharan coat of black, red, and orange stripes. As the squad went through its motions, the being opened its mouth and growled at them in anger.
Even from a distance, Antonia and Livia could both hear the sound and see the fangs were considerably longer than those of a Cartharan.
Livia also realized looking at an image that the green eyes of the being were larger than the typical Cartharan yellow. The uniform it wore was torn and tattered, but definitely not Cartharan as far as she could tell.
Neither could tell whether it was a male or female.
Like the other four, it stared down its impending death with no fear, its muscular bound limbs flexing and the long claws on its paw-like hands fully extended as the bolts of energy pierced its body. Unlike the Ronocian, it died immediately.
And again, the Graul in charge stepped close to the creature, slapping the head around before shooting it through the side to ensure the creature was truly dead.
The sniper recalled rumors from explorers who had penetrated deep into the high frozen frontiers about a species similar to the Cartharan they called the Barri, which they claimed looked like the Cartharan but were much fiercer and lived at higher altitudes. No explorer had ever produced images or evidence of a Barri and there was little known of them except for the fragmented accounts from very frightened explorers.
The descriptions she remembered resembled what was in front of them.
If this were one…
The dead were left to slump against the poles as their target swept back on the dais, standing and waving his arms dramatically as he began to speak to the gathered units of soldiers. As high as they were, they could only hear fragmented bits and pieces of what he was saying.
Antonia watched the Carillian through her scope, moving ever so slightly to keep him square in her sights. It would have to be a head shot, making it that much more difficult because of the armor he wore and that damn wall. Not only would it have to be a headshot, she realized, it would have to be a shot through the forehead.
Anything else could be deflected.
Forehead it would be.
She waited patiently for him to make a mistake and step into an area unprotected by that shield wall.
Yet he seemed to make a concerted effort to remain behind the wall.
She began to think as she watched him, that his movements looked like he knew an assassination attempt was coming and making every attempt to avoid a shot from above and in front of him.
The shimmer shield would effectively eliminate any chance for an energy shot from where they sat. The solid shot would only work if she could find a gap in the shield wall.
Those gaps existed but the trick would be to get the shot through the gap and into the target.
Watching everything below her and rethinking all that had happened, Antonia began to get a sinking feeling the mission had been compromised.
It made sense.
Two teams of some of the best snipers lost and now this. Thinking back, she couldn’t remember anytime in the past they’d ever received intel even suggesting he would or had ever used such shimmer shields in the other trips he’d made to front line units.
On top of everything, he was wearing full armor.
She knew for a fact he had never done such a thing any other time.
As she watched him, waiting for a clean shot, Antonia began to realize he, himself, was giving it away. He knew they were there and she was pretty sure he knew exactly where they were.
But she was patient.
If they knew where she was , then they may be assuming she and Livia would get cold feet and back out. They could also be closing a trap on the both of them.
Either way, Antonia kept thinking, do what the enemy thinks you won’t do.
Like any target, even with all the efforts to protect him, Antonia felt sure fate would give her one opportunity and his time would come.
Finally, his speech ended, he moved to where the dead still slumped against the thick poles. Pausing to put on a pair of heavy black gloves, he walked up and down the line, slapping each of the dead bodies in the face and causing the Grauls watching him to explode in roars of approval.
He made a great show if it, slapping one, then turning to the assembled troops and raising his arm with the hand held open and outward, as if he had just made some spectacular kill, and ensuring the blood and gore coating his gloves was visible for all to see, roaring in faked anger.
The crowd roared its admiration in return.
After slapping the last prisoner, he removed the gloves and threw them down, then moved to the observation platform and took his position with the other assembled Carillians and Grauls as the massed troops began to form for a parade.
Shortly, as units passed before him, he periodically stabbed his finger to make some sort of point or leaned over to comment to one of those surrounding him. The sniper watched him through her scope, waiting for the opportunity. All she needed was a gap in this damn wall and him to make the mistake of standing in that gap for just a split second.
Even, at one point, when he moved to a point where the wall didn’t protect him, he wasn’t looking in their direction and there were too many around him to get a clean shot imaged into the system.
Patience.
She shifted along the dais leading to the platform, looking for another spot where she could get a better shot. The shield interfered with some areas while the number of individuals surrounding him created other problems. She considered trying to shoot through the energy shield above the wall but wasn’t even sure whether the rounds could penetrate even if a good image was encased in their memories.
And one bad shot would eliminate any chance of another.
She continued to scan when a being dressed in dark clothing and wearing a dark helmet came into view, standing off to the side, observing. The sniper watched the being for some time, trying to decide what exactly she was looking at. She snapped two clear pics of the being and made a note to transfer them to Livia.
Though the being wasn’t standing even lose to the shield, it appeared to shimmer as if it were there one minute but not the next.
Suddenly the being turned its head and seemed to look directly at her.
She snapped her head away from the scope.
A Marhon.
There was no way it saw her and she felt no intrusion.
She put her eye back to the scope, waiting a moment as the image from the scope darkened her face shield and came into view.
It was gone.
Have you heard of a Marhon working with the Carillians?
No, replied the spotter. I don’t think I’ve ever seen anything in any reports claiming that.
I just saw one.
Are you sure. There was no mistaking the incredulity, even in her thought.
Yes.
You’re sure.
I think I know what a Marhon looks like.
Should I report it?
Not yet.
Did you get a pic?
Antonia smiled. Yep, two.
Send them.
Sliding back to the target, the sniper adjusted her scope as she sent both images to the spotter’s system. She wanted to make damn sure the shot was on target now she knew there would be no second chance. Waiting patiently for the scope to sync with the TAC and her spotter’s scope, she settled into her breathing rhythm, feeling her heartbeat physically change and mentally preparing herself to fire.
This mission was personal.
This target was personal.
Once he was dead, the war could end.
And her family would be safe.
She watched him, despising everything he was and all he stood for.
She was steady, watching the shimmer of the wall as he paced back and forth.
There!
As he moved through a gap in the defenses, looking directly toward their direction and giving her a clear forehead shot, the shimmer cleared for just the very briefest of moments.
A gap.
Did you see that?
I saw it! It’s our only shot.
I’m focusing on that gap…
I’ll call the shot. Ready…
Settling the rubber boot of the eyepiece a bit tighter into the face shield on her suit, she focused and waited patiently now for the command from her spotter. Even as he moved along the dais, she kept the red dot on the targeting mesh in her scope squarely on his forehead. One shot was all she was going to need.
Just one shot.
The sniper’s finger slid off the guard and slowly into place, barely brushing the trigger, patient and waiting for just the right moment. There…he was just about to turn and go back through the gap, staring at the gathered group below him. Sync was still green and the spot was center-mass on his forehead. She slowly eased her finger back to rest on the trigger as he took a step toward the gap.
Stop!
The sniper’s finger snapped away from the trigger as if it were on a spring.
Mobe headed this way.
Damn. From where? How?
I don’t know. I’m watching it. Could be a routine patrol.
I thought we hadn’t seen any?
We haven’t.
And now we see one.
I know…something doesn’t make sense. I’m gonna jam this one.
The spotter rolled slightly to retrieve her jamming modules, then activated them and sucked in her breath. She broke her silence, whispering to the sniper through the intercom unit. “We have three coming in. It’s like they know we’re here!”
“What?” The sniper turned to her. “What do you mean?”
“Look!”
The spotter turned the jamming module display so the sniper could see it. Clearly, three mobile sensor platforms were slowly working toward their position, each from a different direction and forming a half circle around their position. From the way they moved, it looked as if were following pre-determined patterns to ensure they could obtain an accurate fix on their position once they had any indication. The system showed they were already coordinating communications and positions. Suddenly three more markers appeared on the screen, each an equal distance behind the first line.
Like the first three, they formed a half circle and each one was clearly working a search pattern that meshed with the patterns of the first three.
“PM’s”
“Where?”
“Not far.”
Both came to the same conclusion.
“It’s a trap.”
“We’ve been compromised.”
“How?”
“I don’t know, but we have,” The sniper shifted herself. “Damn! They knew we were here from the beginning.”
“I’ve got a drainer.”
“Damn.”
“They’re armed and jamming us,” The spotter exclaimed. “I’ve never seen this type before.” Her fingers flew on the screen, adjusting the jamming frequencies in an effort to give them a bit more time. “Take the shot! I think I can hold them off.”
The sniper pulled the weapon in tight, putting the red dot on her target. There was no finesse now.
Her spotter was becoming unnerved.
“Damn, I can’t jam them. They’re modulating the freqs too fast. You need to take the shot.”
I know, the sniper responded, trying to will her target to the gap. I don’t have a shot.
Suddenly her image and targeting system went black.
“What happened?”  The sniper spun to find her spotter holding a pulse weapon, staring at it. The charge gauge read zero.
 “We’ve been drained!”
“A second drainer! It’s almost on top of us,” The spotter was unnerved now staring at her targeting unit. “Sync’s dead!”
The sniper looked at her own systems. Everything was drained of power. She checked her HUD.
Except the ECIRA suits. Power indicators seemed normal.
The sniper spun back around.
Settling in, she unlocked and discarded the useless targeting system, then reacquired the target using line of sight. He had his back to her, the thick armor sure to deflect or even absorb the shot.
Without an image, each round was just a dumb solid shot.
“They’re on us,” Her spotter warned. “Their command has control now.”
The sniper was entirely focused.
If she had to die, she’d take this shot.
Her finger eased in as bursts of energy shots were now being fired in their general direction from the Graul crowd below. Most were high but several impacted nearby or into the rock below them. Shots seemed to be coming in from the side as well, high but definitely from a position on the same level as they were.
“Grauls! They’re on…”
Something fell on top of her as she took the shot. The shot went high, skimming over the top of the wall and hit a Carillian officer seated on the back half of the platform. The slug, traveling at almost the speed of sound, hit him square in the chest, the impact literally picking him up from his chair and flinging him backwards. His arms flailing wildly as his body flew in the air, he was dead before he touched the ground.
The target was stunned to see someone on the stage hit, but immediately dropped to the floor of the platform and behind the wall, screaming at the troops immediately shielding him to fire back.
It was over.
The sniper fired four more times, trying to get a lucky shot through the mass.
Four more soldiers – two Carillian and two Graul – flew backwards as the slugs slammed into their bodies. With no exception, she knew all were dead before they touched the ground.
She had no shot at the target.
There were too many now between her and him and he was staying low behind them and the wall as they moved him to safety.
Something gripped her suit from the back and she spun around, ready to defend herself.
Instead, she found her spotter lying next to her, a burnt hole in her suit at the neck and blood coming from a deep wound. The cauterizing effect of the shot wasn’t complete and her body was draining itself of blood, aided by her adrenalin-fueled heart. Her helmet had been blown off her head by the energy of the shot and she had a dazed look in her eyes.
Antonia knew she was almost dead.
Suddenly Livia’s eyes locked onto hers, warmth briefly coming back into them. Her words were shallow and forced as she tried to smile. “You promised we’d make it through this.”
Ignoring the danger surrounding them as solid and energy shot now tore up the trunk of the tree and chipped the rock wall in front of their position, the sniper pulled the girl close to her, pressing against the wound and trying to reach an aid kit. She knew it was too late, but she couldn’t just watch her die without trying. Suddenly the spotter gripped her arm, warmth in her eyes.
“I’m so sorry, hon,” She kept saying quietly, “I’m so sorry…”
“It’s OK. It doesn’t hurt,” Livia softly whispered.
There was too much blood, too big of a wound. She kept up the pressure with one hand while alternately stroking Livia’s cheek and wiping the blood off her face with the other as energy bolts ripped through jungle growth and solid shots whizzed overhead and to both sides of their position.
The spotter gazed up at her, eyes glassy and clearly not even aware of where she was. “Let’s go home.”
“Okay.”
Livia coughed gently, bright red blood slipping from the corner of her mouth, then suddenly had a faraway look in her eyes as her last breath eased out and her head went limp, falling to one side, eyes wide open.
NO!  The sniper blended with no one in her scream. Not her. Not this one too!
Another energy shot sizzled the air over her head and solid shot continued to buzz through the air around her like angry insects. She grabbed the pulse weapon and a recharge pac as more solid shot splintered the wood above where she lay.
The Carillians were shooting wildly, trying to get her to take a shot to pin down her location or hit her with a lucky shot. The mobile units and Grauls around her, on the other hand had an idea of where she was but couldn’t find her because of the ECIRA suit.
They couldn’t advance any closer because the incoming fire from below was so inaccurate and thick.
It was acting as a shield, preventing them from closing in for the kill.
The brief confusion and uncoordinated attempts to find her might give her a small chance to escape if she took advantage of it. It was a lucky shot that killed her spotter and she really didn’t care at that moment if one found her too. Quickly gathering what she would need, Antonia was ready to leave when she suddenly turned around, crawling quickly back to the spotter’s body. She eased a slip of copper-blonde hair away from Livia’s face, gazing one last time at the beautiful girl’s features.
Gently kissing her, she wiped a tear from her own eye.
“We should have never come.” She paused, stroking the soft features as heavier solid shot from an automated weapon now tore sizable chunks from the trunk of the tree above her head. “Take care of my Arturis. We’ll see each other again. Soon. I love you.”
Grabbing the spotter’s gear, she disconnected the scope from the processing unit, then tossed it aside next to the other equipment and shoved the unit into a pouch on her ECIRA. Quickly, she tugged Livia’s body over, laying her on the bulky rifle and the other equipment. With tears in her eyes, she activated a therm charge, placed it under the woman’s body then set the pressure tab.
Slipping out of the depression with solid shot ripping the foliage and splintering the trees around her, she quietly slipped past the mobs, quickly killed two Graul with a well-executed knife attack, then put distance between herself and the Carillians, relying on her own senses and skills.
It wasn’t long before she heard the low thump and turned.
The intense glow of the therm charge was brighter than the sun and she quickly looked away. There would be nothing left of her companion, the equipment they brought or any damn Graul or Carillian within a stone’s throw. The damage from the charge, as well as the resulting fires the therm was bound to start, should make it hard to find her trail.
At least for a little while.
After several hours, tired and needing rest, she took refuge in a cave on a small rocky outcrop, protected on three sides by the rock walls with a clear field of fire on the fourth. Shedding the ECIRA suit, she took stock of what she had.
The pulse rifle and the recharge pac were discharged, but she did have a combat knife. She also had food, water and an emergency comm unit she could activate once she was in a safe zone.
An idea hit her.
Tears fell from her eyes as she thought of her friend while she used the power unit from the now useless ECIRA suit to put a charge in her rifle. It was just enough to give her a fighting chance with a half-charged weapon but not enough to do anything for the recharge pac.
She tossed the pac to the side, watching it bounce and land on the suit.
The more she thought about what had happened, the more she was convinced someone compromised the mission.
Someone told the Carillians.
Nothing made sense.
But it would all make sense once she got back. She knew every individual who’d been briefed on the mission and she knew who knew certain details. Once back, it wouldn’t take her long to find out who gave the Carillians the information. They would die very slowly in payment for the pain they were causing her right now.
No matter who they were.
If she made it back.
Right now, she was deep behind enemy lines with only a half-charged weapon and a knife.
Tired and sore, she lay back against the rock, tears sliding from her eyes once again. She needed sleep and she wasn’t concerned if they found her at that moment.
Death would relieve her of the pain she felt – pain from the heart she left behind that hurt more at that moment than any cut, bump, or bruise.
The hole was bigger than ever.

*****
A SMALL FAVOR

Thank you for reading this book.

For any book you read, and particularly for the ones you enjoy, please do the author and the other readers both a favor and an important service – leave a review.

It really isn’t important how many or how few reviews a book receives or may already have because it’s your voice that’s the most important of them all.

Many may not leave a review because they might think it has to be a well-crafted synopsis and analysis of the plot. While those are fantastic, it’s not necessary at all. Just a few words, like a blurb, saying you enjoyed the story and recommending it to others is just as impactful as the longest expose.

And again, thank you for taking the time to read this story.

*****

Follow R Lee Keen on Twitter at @RLeeKeen

*****

