When I Was Dracula Eight Edition

By Vlad the 3rd, known as the Impaler
Copyright Vlad the 3rd, known as the Impaler





Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



                                                          Many thanks go to G and A for their endless support .
To A/l

Any resemblance to persons, events, facts or places is purely coincidental and unintended by the author. All characters and facts described in this novel are purely fictitious.
Preface
Polidori to Byron
"my beloved master... I hereby send you some of my modest poems (I fake modesty!)).
I vo empiendo ilmiocor di Voi
Il miei di,i miei versi/le mie van speranze 
Colpa dAmor,che senza che mi perdonasse 
Ha fatto me un schiavo del tu cor
Et poi p gioia/o perun difetto darte
El scelse me p esser/ Vostro pittor 
Dipingo onni giorno Vostra beltade
Che va onni tormento,/ogni dolor
From Santo Lo del miracolo, 12th of June 1816
Byron to Polidori
"Beloved friend.I must agree that you improved(a kind of... (hah! !))
I will get to Lake Geneva soon(we are in Provence)"
This old one of you is far better and modern
Se i ti fiameggio su la spiaggia del tepom
I agree that you show real talent( not as much as in English, may be...)"
Avignon,French Empire
13th of June 1816
Polidori to Byron 
"This morning Inspiration payed me visit 
Pria ch'io vedessi le stelle
Un lungo 'nferno di lagrime morte 
Sovra ilmeocor fue 
Poetando il cielo & poetando il mare
Sempre sognando te
I porto me stesso 
In su questo monte...
Still got to get to its end...hopefully You may like it"
Genf (nearby it)
14th of June 1816
Byron to Polidori 
"Beloved friend, I notice that you are in quite a religious mood(if that is the end of the poem
Alalba rinaque lalma terrena :
Ruggiada umile chefuggia innanzi 
Le mie guance lagrimose 
(Nascose dal velo misero).
Minos legava lAmore alodio 
Quadol beato nocchiero celeste apparve a me:
Langelo cantava, il core ridea..."
Polidori to Byron 
"gratefully for yours beloved friendship ...kind of nostalgic, in the same mood, missing my purgatorio:
Lunghessol mattino rosseggial ricordo 
Del angelo snelletto leggero chividi quand era
Un peregrin
Lala sua ha tolto
Il pianto del cor
Portando pace verace amor"
Byron to Polidori 
"Haha! You seemd to be in love and affraid to agree it! The greatest poet on Earth, Goethe,said :Enjoy when you can (I donot remember it all, but as it is said in your gracefull Italia:facille amare,difficile dimenticare (corect me if wrong!)).
Look at me!I am writting in Italian, too.haha! Love brings more love, isnt it so,dearest friend? ? ?"
Polidori to Byron 
" Io stava con li occhi drizzati ver lo sol che uscia 
Dal cor del angel 
Quando quel lume apri la porta del ciel...
Do I improve?"
Byron to Polidori 
" with this one I believe you do
Langel di Dio 
Con le duo chiavi in ambo le mani 
Apri le duo porte
Passai p prima
Di tanto in tanto ritorna
et a li occhi de la mente la seconda si vede
Did you really...see the paradise? ?
Let me introduce you a new form of poetry from Japan
Quandisonsolo
Discendo nel me steso
P cercare te
Un dolce sogno 
Le foglie cadute 
E' primavera
Parole sante 
Divin cantilena 
Canta dentrol cor
Delregno santo
Purcanterei in parte
Ove fu' io"
Polidori to Byron 
"Canto del Angel
Quand soma e sema &
Sema e soma
Good you learn Italian.
Byron to Polidori 
"You are getting great now!
Et poi rinacque 
In lucente grazia
L Amor si spense
A true haiku can be read both ways...but the meaning of this one gets  so diverse..."
Polidori to Byron 
"In questo marmo bianco,/ che i rivedo ora
Mille petal di rose / far discovrir lAmor
Se fosse ier venuto / o laltroier, il cor
Per via sua vada / et cerca noi ancora
Di questa dolce gioia/ locor poi sinnamora
Et non rimembra mai/ il suo gran dolor 
Et i camino solo/ et ti ricercancor
Et questo far non far/ di di' in di' maccora 
I had some absint,now, than got to its end:
Allor fui preso et non mi spiacque poi
Si dolce lume uscia de li occhi suoi "
Byron to Polidori 
"the ending is from Petrarca!!haha!!!So?absint is the post stress drink?!? I will go to Transilvania.Last night I dreamed it will unite with Wallachia and Moldavia and some 100years (and so)later, they will separate..."
Polidori to Byron:
"Dopo avervisto la vostra belta
Dolce sinfonia di paradiso 
p la milizia di Cristo
I voandar p Voi cercar..."
Byron to Polidori 
"su per il sogno 
che ebbi quel di
quandDio lAngel lascio a cantar
o cara gioia
I have discovered a new language. It sounds like Latin:
Iubito,
du-te si toarnă-ți cerneală în cap
așa te voi recunoaște dintr-o mie
de fete fără noroc

de mă vei săruta din nou
pe buzele tale va fi cerneală
iar în sufletul meu un ecou

și-n gînd un poem va crește cu sine
dimineți de cuvinte pictate de stele
ce-se-ascund
după nori

vîntul freamătă un cîntec în suflet
aud copaci cum trosnesc
veni-va furtună sau fi-va un zîmbet
de ploaie de vară
sperînd sa răsară
un soare mai nou?"
Polidori to Byron, 16 June 4016, Paris
<<<<<Mi volsi p veder li occhi 
Di q angioletta che tornasse
*
I cantereidi te tutto lo giorno 
trarrei un marmo dai duo begli lumi 
discovrerei poi entro tuoidisiri 
le stelle che canton di te
ocaragioia
*
avriam| et come Amor m'invita|per
gire |comun albero caduto ai tuoi piedi mi trovo adesso|ove
arriva|dirti che ti amo sarebbe troppo, com che t'adoro poco assai|dolcemente accolti
stanco di vita et stanco di morte,piu vivo che mai
in questa foresta etterna i' canto p te
*
del santo bosco canto ora
veraci amori, veraci passioni 
il sorriso lampeggia, la stella sorride 
il ritmo del core assoma
ne li occhi l sembiante del canto che tace
nel bascio sognato il laboro del alma
che ammica se novemente
"l ombra che vedi e' l ombra che vola" disse
riguardommi, il angel di luce
*
De un camin roccioso ov io' mirava fore
Allor se io il meo cor rinnovo
Dentro l ruscell di stelle tu mi brami
Lo di ritarda et io invecchio pure
Tu taci parli etpoi ritaci di nuovo
Non guardi pur guardando in alto verso quei rami
Le altre stelle che non piangon ora
Che ridon giocan etinvolo sognan
La primavera venuta tardi quando non piovan
In mille fior de oro che lagrimand ancora
In vento pioggia nuvol luce laurora
Si fermano p poco p poi partire tardi
Allor me chedo io tu che dal cielo guardi
Dopo verra lAmor del bacio tuo sinnamora
*
insulmezzodi
la giovinetta bella
dee credere
*
ardi nel cielo bella serena
anima calda anima perena
un lume reflesso a mia memoria
Netturno ammirar
ardi nel cielo bella serena
Oh abbondante grazia
ardi nel cielo bella serena
la neve al sol
apparve


Polidori to Byron:
 I died yesterday again. She left me for France. I am flying over it and I d not see her. Where could she be? Where could she be? Somewhere in France. Does she still remember me? I do not know. Maybe not. Or maybe yes. We never talk. We ll never do I so believe. A name I have it now. A name! The name! My muse a name She has. O lord! Why do I have to live through these?  Why?  To what end? To what purpose? It is a nonsense.
 Tomorrow I ll die again. So every day I die. I am not. When she was here so much I was a part of everything that moved in the air. But now...I not am.I not am.
 Big country the frenchman has. Too big. Sooo. Where shall I start. Small towns or go for the big? I see. She is testing my love. Or..She never care too much...I do not know...I do not know. Go for le grad ville. French I do not speak. That is a small little problem. A student I cannot be. To work...and look for her...what work. French I d not speak. I understand. If she I love will it say,  in French, for sure That I shall understand. But will she say it. Will she? But whay she will? We never talk. The world knows it. A coupe du foudre. ..I hope it is corect. Ok. She can corect my French. I will teach her some other latin dialects. Fare trade this shall it be. Haha. Or...maybe she forgot me. 4 months ago when they offended her I poetry was writing to her. And then again. Maybe 100. I did not counted them. All that I have to do is to let her know. The more do they offend her the more I write. But Lord French I do not speak. Or do I? I understand. If she wd say in Franch can I kiss u? Or: is this poem for me? I think that I must understand. No? Simple language this is...hope she will not get scared of me.. O Lord I pray to you for help. Do help my love. Do help it Lord and I promise 100 new poems I shall -I- write. To her. Do help it Lord. I beg You.
Ok. I start with this university. What town it is. Ist mist. From far here in the sky the name is not so very clear. Here I am. Now I must be human. A French poet, maybe. I herd she may love poets.
 So I heard it. But if this is not true? If she hates them, or..maybe had a bad opinion?  Of all? Who knows...what name shall I now take? What name? A simple one. A known one....Ok.I got it...
 Byron to Polidori 
Dearest friend,
Last night I had the worst of nightmares: you talked to the best Sherlock Holmes of France to find you that Magnificent Lady, but the frenchman felt in love with your love!
 gave not you the   information you needed and tired to conquer you Love. Astonishing these French are in my nightmares!!
Dear Polidori, your love search across France really impresed me almost to tears.
I had another strange dream last night. First I dreamed of your love: after you find out the land where that Magnificent Lady is, people (...for money?) started to spread the fake news that you do not love Her anymore ( while you loved her from the first time you looked into Hers divine eyes), as you were looking town after town for Her, and begging for help anyone you somehow knew
 Noone knew Her but anyone talked about Her. To make justice to the truth,  some were loudly, from distance, saying even the city where She is and what She was doing ( but you did not even knew Her name) and you did not know they were talking about Her.God bless them. ( others were saying that She is in the distant land of Turkey, a turkish princess, inaccesible for an ordinary subject like you)
Than,  in the second dream I went to the distant land of Japan and got myself in the middle of...love.The nightmare was in Italian. So strange , I barely speak this language...haha.
 Polidori to Byron 
Believed master,
I feel proud I can love this angel, that I had this divine chance to see Her in this mundane world. I am right now writing in French, my first poem in this language that I find now somehow strange to express feelings into. But...I give a try
Now I really have to talk to her so She corects my French...
I will show confidence to nobody else  regarding my French...
 printemps et beute 
temp plonge dans son l'etre 
pour chercher lAmour
Byron to Polidori 
Dear friend
I could not but admire your dedication and godly love for this Lady. She, I see, is a Beatrice to you. I heard She knew you love her but you did not believed in her in spite of the love you show Her. She is I believe worth of any single letter you write to Her and I would say, and pardon me for this, of even more than this. Write her a Comedia or a Rerum Vulgarium Fragmenta...wish you may have the talent for this. Write my friend. Put Her great name there where it is. 
Your love search across the world impresed me to tears.Write to this Lady 4000 poems...Make her name last as long as humans will walk on this Earth and life will breath in this universe& marry her, if she wants!( Paris's romantic)
Polidori to Byron
- I heard that she s happy no more.was she waiting for me???...I found my LOVE!! Haleluia!
My dear master,
for almost 4 months I was looking all around this Earth to find my LOVE; humbly, I accepted all humiliations just to find out WHERE ON this Earth SHE is. I wanted to die 60 times every day...but I keept on going on fighting on looking for...and now...nobody, nobody, so strange,nobody wants to rent me in that city where the most asthonishing Lady of all times of our humanity is said to be...how strange my master this is...
Now that I feel like I want to die again I remember that divine song I heard in Neapolis last summer:
o sole mio, o cara gioia
looo canto tuuo
per lo ciel andaaava
o cara gioooia o caaaraaa gioooiaaa
in laaarga ploooia lice lume chiaaro
o caaaara gioooia oooo cara gioooia
others, half year ago almost, let me believe ( and they fouled me) that: she said I am an idiot ( and much more......), she got a lover and, at the end, she almost got married...I believed the first and the last; and I left...to find the truth in Italy...on my return she wasnot there anymore...and nobody knows her... somehow I believe I know where she is...I just believe it...and somehow I believe I know her name...somehow; only Logic keeps me going:: when you do not know you do not know and you have to discover, whatever there is to be discovered...She was so happy and proud to know me and even happier ( no??) to know I felt in love with Her.It is as this Lady came from the Heavens and to the Heavens She returned.nobody told me many times that all august She was on strand... or that the last weeks there: going to buy her cigaretes at the same time...to help me find Her easier...why should they?!...why wd they help me find that Miracle?. ..there would have been no fun to them in the colosseo del anima...that they still enjoy...
Some 3 months ago I was fouled to believe that my magnificent Lady is in a certain town in France. Getting there, getting in was not that easy. Once there, some French devils made my life a misery. In the end to discover the SHE was never there: some Germans had fun of me and of the French devils!!Lord! So the German devils are more of a devil than the Frenchman. Lord!
Now I start again that endless search for my love; to beg her for pardon, for love. I believe She is dissapointed I let myself fouled around again... a devil a devil is...what can I do, if the non-devils are nothing but spectators to a tragic show? if all they do is: I do not know Her, I do not know Her, I do not know Her//( she was a one day tourist with a fake id...sure...)Just before leaving for that french town some were saying ( while talking in the very distance) She is not there...I did not trusted them...I do not know who to trust...and then...they did not say where she is...4 months almost I was there...and where She is...what name She has...no name to them...just: SHE, on planet Earth. Maybe I will never see Her again...oh, ya, when She was there some were ready to kill me just to stop me encounter Her...with nice excuses; yes, someone defended me: I even do not know who, to say thank you.
I feel so shity now: I let myself fouled last year; everything that happened I understood the other way around...oh, well, that language I did not understand;and then this year again...when smtg of their language I understood " She s not there!!" an angry man was saying...and who was he who wanted to help??? I was so convinced I know the truth of where SHE is that I did not listen to him...now I even wonder: did he tell me even where SHE was? ? ? did he? for listening I was not, so much convinced I was I know the truth...a friend he was for sure ( thank you sir I say it now ), no easy it is to know who's friend or foe ...
" no information: he is a foreigner'...indeed, no information it seemd to me ( it was with one exception)
Now I really wonder is my magnificent Lady really was (and is?) in France…for a devil a devil is.
-"" Byron to Polidori
another night full of nightmares: in one of them I was traveling in space and time to the city of Bucharest,a poet, Eminescu,killed by his romanians brothers, the francmasons:the truth was hid for300 years... for they blamed it on the...Heiliges Römisches Reich""-in that nightmare ,the poet, in the mad man hospital, waiting for his death ( for he knew he has no escape )got that teribile news : his Veronica was getting fake info on him : he, the poet, was having sex many times a day in the mad man hospital;it was hoped she will commit suiccide or betray him and he w'd commit suiccide...when this did not work,they had to kill him...by a mad mad...it was a mad man hospital...she commited suiccide soon after...that they really hoped for":"
>>>>>>>


Di An 
Dräcula City
///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
New York Police DepartmentDate: 4th of July 2193Hours:13.00.61Special report of Sergeant Knowhowtodoit JohnThis is the journal of the strange being we arrested yesterday; some said it was an alien , that’s whyhe disappeard from prison just 5 minutes after we locked him in. Or, as my colleague said,it wassupposed to be a secret message of the alien spy to his masters 
 this luxury. The island was a perfect circle. Underground tunels lead to itscore, another perfect circleThe inner core was surrounded by water on which sat another 3 circles which equaly divided thegreat one.3 huge bridges connected the central circle to the other 3. The water was populated byswans.The only thing the visitors didn’t like were the benches. You sat on a perfect square:45x45 cm... stilish, but unconfortable. Every now and then a tourist decided to take a bathduring the summer months. A fine expected him or her on the return; but it seemd worth paying.The girls wanted to take that “Athens bath”< - did you go to Athens?- yes- did you take the bath?- no- then, actually, you didn’t really go toAthens>... that’s what the girls knew it was expected them once back at home-the fine is too high-we must find a way not to get it-how?-That is the question*The view from the Giza Plateau was so rare. It represented the greatest human civilisation andall the muslims . A glass pyramid the size of the Great Pyramid was the choice. But it lookedunpolite to put another pyramid near Kufu’s. And the ecological turn was so powerfull whenconstruction started, humans wanted so deeply to save the Earth that the solution came by itself.10 km from the Pyramids an immense hole was made. The Glass Pyramid was in the desert. Thesupporting walls of the hole were like the desert’s dunes. All ET ships coming from all cornersof the Galaxy stoped at first there. The 600 meters deep hole hosted- on its walls- countlessplanopterports; the walls were all covered in buildings. Countless tunels went from thegroundfloor of the desert directly towards all roads going around the Plateau. Around 18pyramids could have fetch*** it.First, the aeroplane stoped for 1 hour over the ancient pyramids. It slowly flew around them.Then, even slower, it went towards the UN headquarters. Flying machine of all sizes and shapeswent in and out off the hole. The plane stoped 1km away. Then , it landed. A bus took themcloser. 500 meters away it stopped. They got closer by foot. The girls were happy. As theyclosed in, an unseen yet spectacle revealed itself to the girls. The glass pyramid looked like ahuge spacechip landed on Earth. When they got closer to the point were the guide took them a <oaoo> rebounded. A glass wall, 1 meter in hight, separated them from the imensity bellow. A 90degre descent, 5 meter large opened before theirs eyes. The cement was red painted. It was a600X5 meters strip of red painted cement. The rest of the hole loked like a natural scenery: hereit looked like a dune, there like a rock,curved by the wind and by the sea. Like a huge Gaudihouse, even if more elaborated. planopterports of all dimensions increased its beauty. When thesun begun to be too much for the tourists a bus arrived and took them back to the main road. A44tunel opened in front of them; after a couple of minutes they were at the groundfloor. The GlassPyramid of the UN grew bigger and bigger until it revealed all its magnificence. The bus tookthem to a station near by. When it was ready, this more then pharaonic project took the world bystorm. It’s scale, it’s magnificence doubled by its delicate beauty soon transformed it into one ofthe greatest marvels in the history of humanity. A glass elevator took them to the top of theGlass Pyramid. Once there, the view was unique. It was at the same level with the Earth. Onepyramid ended so that another one rised to the stars.Then, another elevator, of identicaltransparent glass, took them inside the UN headquarters. Some floors were entirely of glass,including the walls. The great hall of the UN was on the east side. The elevator took them downand the hall , which was a giant glass amfitheatre suspended in the air ( the girls didn’t have thetime to realise how), showed all its grandeur. Close to the Earth unusual cement forms stoodthere on the opposide side. The glass of the Pyramid exterior walls was differently coloured,still the different whites to greens, were of a discrete difference. The light designedsophisticated paterns on the interiour, according to the time of the day and of the year. Allpossible combinations of light and glass were carefully considered by the architects.*The Count entered the huge palace-it is nice, dear Ceausescu-my Count; I always asked you to call me commrade-my dear Ceausescu; I am not a comunist-I am the President of this country, I am the Great Comander...-Ok,ok, as I said, my dear commrade Ceausescu, it is a nice palace. Now you need to call thebrazilian commrade to make it a masterpiece-Ssss! The americans will hear us-The americans? So what ?!?! I am Dracula... I may say whatever I want.-Ya, but I am Ceausescu-So what’s about the americans and the brazilian commrade?-Don’t you know it?-What?-The condor plan-The americans fly like a condor? Not like me?-Ssss! Sssstttt! they will hear us! Come closer: they took down the President, the primeminister of Brazil, everybody that was comunist in Brazil. They didn’t dare to touch thearchitect. To famous around the globe-But the French called him in-They are the French!-Listen Ceausescu!I have not much time. Improve that shit-My Count: don’t offend my masterpiece-Dear Elena...Please...I am a fine architect. Improve it. Soon.Ceausescu agreed to improve it. He called Oscar Nyemeyer, the great brazilian architect whosugested to cover it in mirrored glass. Ceausecu died before the work started. The project startedlong after Nyemeyer’s death, by the year 20200. *Next day Julie wanted to take her on a Danube trip.-what’s this?-Chilia , Budapest,Viena, Bratislava, Black Forest. You know: Black sea, Black forest. Ofcourse: it was not black45-Where does it start?-On top( hers darling Julie said)-On top? On top, said Julie . And then she pointed the top of that amazing building.-I-I’ll not go there-No ? why that?-I just don’t go-Common Carla ... what’s there that wrong?-I have seen things. Strange things up there. I may go mad If there I go again.-Common darling,just come-I cannot come-Just come-I can not come. I am affraid of things unseen, unspoken and...-Not seen. You never saw such journey;never before we flew above the Danube. From hereto the see and to the forest. First comes the forest and then the see.-Up, in the air?-Up in the air-I will not go-Just comeThey flew with a kind of modern zepelin. Well, of course, it was not that old, ridicoulouslydangerous zepelin which we could see in those 200 years old black and white movies. Theshape was identical, but there was no gas inside. Instead, there were rooms, decks; it wasinspired by the tower of flying zepenins, you see in Shandong these days, made around 2050, byStephen and co,ltd. As the speed was quite low, it allowed for huge open air decks inside thezepelin.. if the weather allowed it! They tried to do the trip in fine weather , but there werestrange folks which loved foggy trips, too...The zepelin rigurously followed the Danube. It was called the flying Danube boat trip. Thebeauty of the trip was that the starting hour was choosen at random. The speed was constant sothat anyone could easly calculate when each point would be reached. It was the most beautifultrip the girls ever took.The trip started from one of the small Hotel America by Gaudis of Chilia  City. One some days, theadriatic see could be seen, on others even the Mont Blanc.The funniest of all came when sometired birds decided to take a nap on top of the zepelin. One legend says that one bird took thetrip every now and then from Chilia  City to the Black Forest. It was speculated that he had agerman bird girl friend.Lucky he: did’t have to pay a ticket. Other birds developed a strangebehaviour. The flew side by side with the zepelin. Possibly, due to the simmilar speed, theybelieved that the zepelin was an older brother. The girls did not know what to enjoy: the clouds, the flying birds, the Danube as seen from theground floor’s glass pavement, the forest or the mountains, to play tenis on the upper deck or tohave a cup of tea on a lower one...the flying trip gave them a sense of serenity unmatched byanything else . Carla had the feeling that she felt in love by the end of the first day. It was agourgeous sunset when she heard a divine voice, singing something like an old opera. Carlarecognized it as a love aria from an old opera.As she knew not Italian, someone translated herthe beautiful verses, as the voice keept on singing. Carla felt as if the song was for her. She feltin love with that voice, which sounded so airy in the skyes, with that song, with that dream ofpeace and sincere love.The voice kept on singing the aria till the sun was down and Carla burst in tears, of joy and ofsadness. When the voice with the quitar came, Carla started to smile. She already loved thatvoice; only that the upper air made it a little bit different-you know, she said to the owner of the voice, I felt in love, right now with your voice46-you already felt in live with me once, Julie said, while kissing her gently-you will be famous one day-when I’ll be famous you will be rich-when I ‘ll be rich I will take a trip to the Moon. I heard that the view of the Earth is amazing-ya, I heard it myself. I also heard that all couples that go there feel in love ( if they did notlove each other before)-yes, the Moonhas strange effects on lovers. It makes them lovers, even if they are not.-So...( as she took a glass os champainge)...with the help of your good hands: let yourindulgence set me free... to the Moon!-your gentle hands lend me, and take my heart... To my Moon!By the next morning, she abbandoned the idea of a first love on the Moon. After breakfast, shewent to play tenis on the upper deck..*The Aliens seemd to rely of Carla and Julie tospy on the vampires . What Dracula didn’t knowwhat that one of his most trusted generals was an Alien spy; and he managed to inform the Aliensof Count Dracula whereabouts. The Alien Council decided to trap the vampires on theirs return tothe Earth; they found about all vampires plans, including the descent from the North to the SouthPole through the tectonic plate. One faction of the Aliens dissagreed witth the tactics. It decided tolaunch the most dearing of attacks.-We know that Vlad the Impaler, Count Dracula most famous grand grand father launched anight attack on the Great Sultan camp , the most powerfull man on Earth, by that time-Yes! So we will attack the Moon with just 1 ship,10 of us, by night! A copycat attack of themost famous attack any human ever did. Great! We know that the Great Sultan escapedbecause he felt asleep on his mistress pusy!-Haha!-In hers tent!-So Vlad the Impaler got into an empty tent, with no Sultan inside-Ya! How should we avoid such a misery?-We destroy the Moon!-The Moon?!?-Yes, we got closer and then we launch our most powerfull bomb on it: destroy it foreverwith all the vampires on it-And the Earth? It cann’t exist without the Moon-We want the Cylinder not the Earth-You hope that the Earth without the Moon woud be very chaotical-And easier to be controled-We’ll say that the vampires destroy the Moon as a revenge-Revenge for what?-For..for...they hate humans-Yes, that’s why they bite them-Yes-Great-What happened to Vlad the Impaler after the failed attack?-He become a vampire-O, ya, I forgot it*47In a few minutes the Aliens got to the Moon. As the bomb approached the Moon a secret deviceinstaled by Count Dracula himself ( just he and a trusted lieutenant knew about it) signaled thebomb. All vampires flew in an instant. Theirs cape contanined a one time launche device whichallowed them to fly at an incredible speed- just to escape extreme danger. The Moon wasdestroyed, the vampires flew towards the Mars and the Aliens believed that the war was over.Thesun was rising over Japan; midnight in Paris.The moonlight touched the Church of the Notre Dame in Paris for the last time. It was a fullMoon.Amazingly it was the trip. Above the Black Forest as they were, it was midnight, the Moon justdissapeared.For good.Seeing the Moon’s departure, Carla knew that she was not dreaming. She knew that she saw apiece of a war that could destroy hers planet, hers beloved planet.The image of the blowing Moon was on all news channels.The vampires were blamed,demonstrations were held against them all over the planet: all toys, films, t-shirts, everythingthat remainded of vampires was destroyed by angry humans; it is said that only 2 movies andsome vampires costumes survived that madness.Then, without the Moon, the Earth spelled trouble. Before this, songs of the Moon’s death hadcirculated so fast, poems of the dying Moon were written. Almost all humans burst in tears fortheirs beloved Moon. The vampires reached Mars exhausted. They found some ruins of US andIndian Mars camps...the vampires rested there for 24 hours. Then, they flew to the Earth for thefinal battle. Nobody expected them.*The Aliens and the humans were busy installing a great balancer for the Earth, to replace theMoon, when the vampires touched the North Pole. They headed down towards the point werethe tectonic plates meet. The journey was long and exhausted. Half of the vampires died burnedby the hot lava from the Earth’s centre.A tunel crossing the Earth was discovered. The vampires could not belive it- Some incredible civilisation was here before anyone else- A tunel from one side of the Earth to the other side, through the melting iron core.Astonishing!- It looks as God exists!! Only a God could have done it- Shall we use it?- no, we follow the plan- are you affraid that the Aliens might know about the tunel?- and wait for us at the other end of it? Who knows? We are too tired to explore this tunel. Halfof us are gone for ever. We do not know if any surprise wait for us along the way- ya, who could do such a marvel could do anything to anyone- Let’s stick to the known and avoid the unknown- Yes! So we’ll increase our chances- increase? We will win this battle and show the humans we are not the monsters the think theyknow we are48*The Alien Council meet to decide on the separate faction-we no longer do things this way. We did it earlier in our history. We evolved enough: wedon’t do such tactics-the Moon is not such a loss. The galaxy is full of such Moons. It is not the first, not the lastone-agreed. But we do not blame it on our enemies. We are enough advanced so we do not needsuch tacticsThe head of the separate faction did that humiliating gesture we all know: to bow in shame-sometimes I wonder if you are Alien after allNo answer came from the separate faction-no one defeated us, no one will do. These tactics we do not employ. You’ll be first in attackor defence. You understand it.-We understand (the separate faction answered)* When the last day came, before that greatest battle ever- for our part of the Universe- in front ofhis eyes, Count Dracula saw the pictures of his life. He remembered that girl he was so muchfound of: she came from a place near his Bistritz headquarters, o girl of his race, of the name ofSusan. As the poetry he wrote her got better and better, tragedy stroke. One night , as he wasgoing over the city of Bucharest, she imagined to be betrayed. And she left him. The suspicionof failed love was more powerfull than love itself. Next day, as she was quite unusually cold( no kisses, no smilling farewells) and about to leave him for good, the Count was waiting nearthe Dambovitza river, closed to the place where the Opera House used to be. A poor girl indispair, with the soul broken into tousand pieces was about to commit suicide. She wanted to letherself drowned into the river. The Count was 10 meters away, about to go and save her. Whenthe police miraculously came and took the girl from the bank of the river to a secured place, theCount wondered if his life wasn’t of an identical failure. <The love that follows us sometime isour trouble, which still we thank as love, but too much of this trouble drives love out of ourhearts>, Count Dracula said to himself.The image of the dying girl haunted the Count for ages.In the middle of that dispair he sensed that the battle to come could be the worst event in thehistory of our galaxy. He understood that war is the supreme madness of life. With his soulbroken, we went to war in search of peace.*When the vampires arrived at the South Pole, a river of lava from the Earth’s centre lifted into theair, encircled the South Pole and felt on it with supreme force. The vampires learned to channel thelava. The Aliens had no contertactics to this. They could not freeze the lava in an instant, as theywould have loved to. 10% of them were hit. The rest avoided the attack. Two battleships werebehind the vampires in an instant. The last line of the vampires suffered most: theirs neural systemwas blocked by a sound launched by the Aliens battleships. The vampires felt down likemousquitos. The next line of the vampires launched a counterattack to block the Aliens ;they knewthey would never hit directly, as the Aliens were to quick and too invisible. The vampiresseparated: one part went up, one part went down towards the Alien base. The upper part separated,going in all directions. The other one did the opposite: it shrank that much till it become a point; somuch mass was concentrated in less then a millimeter that when they hit the Alien base it shakedthe Earth.49The Aliens never did this kind of attack.The upper part released a net so fine but still so strong that the Alien battleship become a fish in ahot plasma net. It was the first ever Alien ship to be captured. Others say that it was the only one in2 billenia.Well, I do not know it.As 4 hours passed, the vampires found themselves without an enemy. The Aliens vanished. Thevampires knew that trouble was about to come.The Aliens will come and go, will hit and go, unstopable, invincibleCount Dracula was sad. What happened to his plan, to all the maps he drew, to all the things heendured...? The whole of Antarctica was empty; no Aliens , no battleships. Did they exist? Thesame happened across the globe: no flag, no team,no media, no everything that could remaind ofAliens. *So very strangely, the Aliens decided to retire to Dracula City, after the vampire’s attack ontheirs South Pole camp; the Master Alien believed that a defeat is a defeat whenever it takesplace; but a victory is a greater victory if on enemy ground. And what a ground it is: the placethat bears the name of the most infamous vampire of them all!< Let a bettle be; to DraculaCity>, the Master Alien said to theirs troops.*A flying ship was sent to take back all the tourists from the Black Forest. As the world was onthe brink of chaos, the girls wondered how to protect the Cylinder. The Cylinder was unusuallyunresponsive. The girls looked to the piece of metal waiting for it to become alive, to councilthem, the guide them into that chaos.The Cylinder was unresponsive. Both Carla and Julieunderstand that the answer must be inside theirs young souls.Carla decided to fly towards Dracula City. They hoped that nor the Aliens neither the vampirewould expect them to hide the Cylinder there. They were wrong. Both the Aliens and thevampires possesed the technology to trace down theirs ship. When they approached the riverDambovitza, Tornintu, the vampire general, stood just in front of them. Carla cleverlymanouvered the ship, descending towards the river. She took the ship into the river and keeptgoing towards the old city centre.Tornintu followed them. 45 degrees to the left an Alien ship approached them. A quantumbomb, which has been launched from the vampire avampost in the city, reached the Alien ship:it started to precipitate; when it seemd that it was about to explode, it regained full control andcontinued to chase the girls. In front of the old palace of Vlad the Impaler, Carla took thescissor-diamond ship out of the water: it was then that the Alien ship reached them. Tornintuwas also there, in his vampire ship. Both the Alien general and Tornintu jumped into the shipthe girls were using. Carla screamed. Julie took the Cylinder. Carla ran towards her. The girlsfound themselves holding the Cylinder.Both the vampire general and the Alien general jumped on the two girls holding the Cylinder.In an instant, the girls decided to jump onto the river Dambovitza. When they jumped, theyopened the Cylinder as the Lao Zi told them.When each side of the Cylinder reached the water, a strange silence engraved the wholebattleground. Aliens, vampires and humans looked one to each other with embarrassed eyes. They lookedaround as they were seeying the place for the 1sttime. Where they were? What was this? The Cylinder, one of the 15 tresures of the Milky Way Galaxy, was the holder of the MagicalPeace.50Two green lights went into the redish sky, with an orange sun. The two girls who sacrificed tosave the Earth left it.Same say that the girls didn’t die, that the Cylinder took them to another dimension. I do notknow it.So, on that day, the 1stof August 2190, the Earth had finally find peace. The waters of therising oceans almost reached Dracula city’s cente.>>>>>>>Here ends the Alien spy message to his masters on Sirius 352; my colleague John said thatthere was a second message the Alien spy held; John forgot to tell me about it. The Alien isgone, so his other message.Date: 4thof July 2193, 19.30 hoursSigned: sergeant Fenix and sergeant John*****////////- what’s this?- Sergeant Fenix special report. He says it should go directly to the President of the UnitedStates of America- to...the....President... of the United States of America...hmm...if Serge Fenix says so then :throw it away!- throw it away?- Yes, sure, it must be another nonsense of Serge Fenix.//////





///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

Mont Blanc Gendarmerie
Date : 30et of June 4193
Hours : 13.00.00
Special report of Sergeant John

This is the journal of the strange being we arrested yesterday; some said it was an alien, that’s why he disappeard from prison just 5 minutes after we locked him in. Or, as my colleague said, it was supposed to be a secret message of the alien spy to his masters in or on Sirius or {…} or whenever the aliens reside. But: why is it written in English? Do aliens know English? Or were the Brits aliens, so the Brits speak English. The alien doesn’t write good English. No clue. That’s the whole text I personally confiscated from the bastard like alien spy!
Before I present the text, I hereby present a joke the alien spy said to us as we locked him in….

<<<<<

Bucharest, year 704190 (4190 human time ).Summer.
Morning. In front of a bar, two girls were standing, close to the ruins of the ancient city of Bucharest, abandoned by the year 2070, were only two buildings were standing still: the old church of Saint Anton (where the kings of Wallachia become what they were) and the palace of the crazy dictator Ceausescu, and 3 ruins: the palace of Vlad the Impeler, the Atheneum and the Aro Palace.All the other buildings of the city centre disappeared.


Few days after the city was completely abbandoned, the legend appearred: the cry, the voices of the dead abandoned, alone, in that abandoned city,
And then: the vampires.
Those who returned to the abandoned city, to try and reuse some of the things left behind, were bitten by the vampires. In the begginning, some believed that is was a joke of some workers, tired and sick of work, in search of an easy glory. Then, the alcohol was believed to be the cause of such rumors. Some drunk people, which did bite each other, some imbeciles mocking the memories of the dead left behind.
But, one day, a news team, hidden in the dark, got the image, the first true image of a vampire.      The news vas like a hurricane, more powerfull than any other hurricane ever to touch the surface of the Earth. At a first glance, nobody believed it.
Then, the president of the news corporation in person confirmed the story. She, herself, read the news the next day. The world was horrified. 
But now: the vampire exists and they are in the city of Vlad, known as Count Dräcula.
What a news it was.

Sickened business man started to buy any piece of land available. Bucharest central become as expensive as New York, Tokyo, Paris, London, Barcelona and it was baptized Dräcula’s Atlantida. Still no one dared to build anything there. All the buildings of the city centre were bought and moved away by foreign buyers.Some comunist flats in the suburbs stood unsold.

So, in that ghost city, these beautiful girls looked for love.
*
The girls saw the Chilia  City from above:
 flooded by the Atlantic, with its 1000 meters Hotel America by Gaudi sky skraper, with the glorious Oculus, with its 5 meters high, 24 karat gold statue of the Bird in Space, waiting to take flight, through the Oculus, to its sister in law stars.
No chance: a disco in the hearth of Dräcula’s Atlantida (as it started to be known) was the best the Earth could see.

The gold leaf plated statues, 45 meters tall, of the great Brancusi, glittering in the sun, mirroring the Sene, was a must for every tourist, a true match to the 6 wonders. 
They took a trip to the old Bucharest.

*



Near the ruins of King Vlad Palace in old Bucharest, while Julie was quite near Carla an earthquake stroke. The bodies moved left-right, up-down as the Earth itself. Carla’s hand stood there to protect her friend.
Near her feet something emerged from the earth: a metal Sphere. Carla took hers hand from the shoulder of Julie and lifted the Sphere: red gold, with some strange signs on it, something of a language
- dear, look, my gift for you.
- what’s this, darling?
- My gift of friendship to you
- Yes, yes, BUT, what’s this?
Carla looked to the Sphere, then back to Julie
- who knows. Shall we open it?
- ?
- If it is a kind of bomb or weapon or who knows what evil is inside
Carla pointed to the heart of Julie:
- here, inside, lye the most dangerous thing (most man said this), the most beloved, the most beautiful, th…
- I know, I know, and Julie touched hers hand in approval.: still, what’s inside?
- too afraid to open
- me too
- So?
- So?
- open?
- don’t know?
Carla looked to the Sphere, up, down, left, right, gazed at the sign, pretended that it is a poem by Shakespeare (to the delight of Julie).
As she touched it on one lateral part, where a kind of a point inside a circle was designed, the Sphere started to glam, got hotter a little bit, a blueish light pointed to the sky, right from that point.
The Sphere took off for 1 meter, did fly in circle above them, touched the ground again, stood there for 20 seconds, then, right in the air, 10 meters above them, unmoved, pointing the blueish light upwards.
Six strange man, white dressed appeared from nowhere. The Sphere raised for another 10 meters.
The six man, with some unseen yet devices into their hands, seemed to try to command the flying Sphere.
The girls had the strange and stupid idea that the Sphere was talking to them and tell them to run “now”. They did. As two of the six tried to follow them, the Sphere moved to the opposite direction. The two abandoned the girls. Carla and Julie ran for 2 km. They stopped in front of the hotel. They got into the room; when they went out of the shower the Sphere was waiting for them, right there, in the air, in the middle of the room. A reddish Moon let her light on the floor. The girls looked one to each other in amazement…
The Sphere opened itself, one piece of it to the left, another to the right and a messege was projected on the wall…
*

- come. Sit. Name?
- Dracula
- surname?
- Count
- I said "surname"
- Count
- are you mocking me?
- Noo!  My surname is Count
The policeman got angry:
- fucking idiot! He believes he' s a count and says that his surname is Count
- he might be right (The other Mars policeman said). he may be the brother of a count
- are you his brother?
- who's brother?
- The Count's brother 
- I am I
- who the hell are you??
- Count Dracula (smile gently) I already told you
- ya.so...age?
- (smile) 2 thou.......71
- 2...what?
- 71
- 71 (writing) (lift his head) you look quite well for you age 
- I train every day
- yes?? How?
- Love
- (to the other officer) shit, he is doing it daily
(To Count Dracula) purpose of your stay...wait...we brought you here to clarify something. (and he takes a small poetry book and puts it on the table) This!! I mean: <this!>(angry) why do you write poetry to our beautiful minister? I mean it: to our beautiful female minister. The most beautiful female minister in the whole history of our mighty country
- oo, well, she's beautiful
- so? That's no reason to write her poetry
- that's the only reason: beauty
- reeaaaly...beaaauty you say ...so, if my daughter were beautiful (not that she's not, she is, the most beautiful, gorgeous, incredibile in the whole universe), you, you villan, w'd you write poetry to her? 
- may be
- bastard!
- I know my father 
- bastard!
- and my mother 
- bastard! 
- and all the brothers, sisters, relatives; so, no bastard...poet
- (with envy, disgust, hate) bastard!
- (smiling) poet. So, what's about your daughter and the Minister??? Is she as beautiful as she?
- she who she what?
- is she as beautiful as SHE?
- oo, I see, SHE (head down) no, sure, she is not as beautiful as SHE (angry) why do you ask??
- why do you ask about she?? We are here for SHE
- sure, sure, for SHE. (smiling) why do you...you only answered <beauty>
- and style and ...I like her; not love, never meet her
- you want to meet our minister?
- meet and more
- meet and more...villan. what do you want (shaking his head) kids...kids!
- why not? She 's, I mean she is SHE. Anyone w'd want..even I
- and who are you?
- Count Dracula, I told you
- (to his colleague) who the hell is this Dracula?...Count Dracula...never heard of before 
- he acts as he was famous
- famous, sure, my grandmother is more famous that he is... (he types in "Count Dracula"...
- he's a theft! 
- a theft!? sure, look...he in..
- bastard! and he says he's a poet
- arest him
- arest him
- where is he?
- yes, where is he?
- gone
Then, the officer looked again...
- read this <Count Dracula...vampire>
- oh, Good Lord
- yes, Good Lord...
*
In front of the Church of Saint Anton, on a Thursday ( a day when legend said that all wishes came true ( if addressed to the patron saint )) a beggar, not new to the scene, was doing his ordinary business, when the girls arrived with the Sphere. It was by 3 o’clock in the afternoon and the girls were wandering around the Church.
- did you notice: the Dambovitza river is as large as one of Atlántida’s channels; 177,60 meters  large and 29,60 meters in depth
-Yes, indeed, why so?
-what has Bucharest to do with Atlantida?
-bizarre

She was just finishing the word “bizarre” ,when the beggar moved towards them. As he approached them, he got bigger and bigger till it become ( till he become) 5 meters tall. The girls, instinctively, started to run  in the opposite direction. The beggar used only one leg to move around. When the girls started to run, he didn’t follow them; instead, he, too, run in the opposite direction towards Dracula’s Palace. Two columns, on the right side of the Palace as you see it, were his goals. He took them. He was an Alien spy, put there to control the movements around the Church. The columns were a fake: the Aliens replaced them, long ago, with two almost identical copies. They were some of the most powerful and efficient weapons the Aliens possessed.He took each column into his hand (quite powerful he was) and launched them towards the girls. In the air , the columns changed shape; first, they looked as two rockets, silent and fast, but as they approached the girls more and more they looked like a rolled metal net . One meter behind them they opened and the girls were almost as a fish caught by a fisherman’ net. At that point, the Sphere itself seamed to emit a luminescent halo, just of who knows what. The two metal nets were frozen in an instant and felt down into hundreds of small pieces. The beggar got closer and closer , running, jumping onto his giant leg. The girls were waiting for the Sphere to do another miracle. When the beggar was 10 meters away, two vampires appeared from nowhere; one went for the flesh leg another for the chest. He felt the pain of the bite; still, he had enough power to move the metal extension of his arms and hit both vampires at the same time. The girls looked back, saw the fight, but kept on running. They never knew what happened that day, afterwards; all that they knew was that they escaped the Alien like beggar.



*

25 km bellow the Earth surface, there was the secret society headquarters. It was called the Alien, so that it could easily blend into the Alien move without any trace of a problem. The notorious <A> logo was put everywhere: there was a supermarket chain “A”, a toy store “A”, a music channel, a tv network all with the name “A”. And a football team (3 times UCL semifinalist).
Everything was white inside, except the people of all races: white walls, white tables, white chairs, white floors, white furniture… only the food and the people had colors. Members of the Alien secret society easily recognized each other by the blue 137 of the <A> logo. The six arrived at the last floor: they passed many doors until they arrived at the Door. It opened and they entered: The Alien, the true Alien, which few have ever encountered was there; an ethereal being, fog like human, of no clothes or sex sign, but definitely male. It spoke their language
- you get it, past?
- We didn’t get it
- When you get it, future?
- We do not know
- When you know, future?
- We will know it soon, my Master. The Order shall survive…
- The Order survive, past, present, future
- Yes our Master: The Order did survive, it survives and it will ever survive
- True, must the Order to survive all times
After the last words, It dissapeared. The six man went off the room. All doors they passed till exit. On exit, the floor opened and the six were flushed down without water. They arrived at a kind of a room where the walls embraced them softly and they were moved up, down, right, left until they reached the prison, for punishment. They were frozen and kept in the aluminum box, the size of theirs bodies, for seven days. The defrost process was the most painful on Earth; it started from the head (so that they could understand it all), then warm water was injected into the spinal cord: the pain was immense. The warm water contained nanobites which directed it organ by organ: first the liver seemed to explode of heat when the rest of the body was frozen, then the chest was 100 degrees Celsius, while the nanobites injected nicotine into it; as it reached the heart, the robotic nanobites injected the stress hormone into it, in such a huge quantity that the poor man almost died.
The frizzing process started again, organ by organ, the same order it started. For the next seven days, frost and defrost the pain it was.
*

Next night it was repported a greater then ever vampire activity. As the vampires learned to become invisible, only the vampirometers detected their presence. The tourists were advised to stay out of the old city center. The ruins of the royal palace of King Vlad suddenly become orange. No one could explain it.
Then, when the 8 o’clock evening news were live from Dräcula’s Atlantida, the faces of an army of vampires were, for one millisecond, broadcasted. More fearful then ever they were. The vampirometer was closed to maximum. The battle of the Sphere started.
Legend has it that 3 km under Ceausescu’s palace the vampires have theirs home. The catacombs of Ceausescu’s palace were very popular with crazy tourists.
They come by planopter from Chilia  City on a one-day trip. As the dawn approached, the guides invited the tourists to the planopter. From time to time some tourists decided to stay over night. No news of them ever occurred again. So notorious Ceausescu’s palace become that some guides decided to quit.
10000 dollars for a day trip to the catacombs of Ceausescu’s palace. Strange sounds were heard even during day time. No one had ever seen a vampire there. Only the chilling reminder of those dissapeared during the nights.
But the next day, after the Sphere appeared, the attack came. Some hundreds of tourists, gazing at Ceausescu’ palace and at the ruins of the city were attacked by vampires. But this time it was not only a bite on the neck. No. The bite was not a blood sucking one, it was a killing one. The vampires killed for the first time.
When the evening came in Chilia  City, the news of the no return spread quickly. No one dared to send a team to search for the tourists.
Next morning, in great fear, a second team approached Dräcula’s Atlantida. As they flew over Ceausescu’s palace, the image of the dead bodies looked horrifying. From that day on nobody dared to visit the catacombs of Ceausescu’s palace. Still, the city center remained virgin to such attacks. Sure, some people were bit from time to time by the vampires. But this is why they went there… to become vampires themselves. Only a few were selected to the kingdom of the vampires. Not our girls. The vampires believed that they were lesbians. Lesbians were not popular with vampires. The eternal Dräcula didn’t like girls which didn’t like him. Oh, well, all girls in the world liked Dräcula (except those few which loved other girls). Carla and Julie loved this confusion.
*

Chilia  City had become the fashion city of the world. The last floor of the Hotel America by Gaudi was The Place for the fashion shows. Carla and Julie decided to see one. How to get it? No invitation, no upper class friends. They tried…
Here they were. The best fashion show in the world was about to start. What a thrilling experience. Just a few days after the theft of the millennium (of course the millennium was still long…) to try and steal the Bird in space! With a planocopter, through the Oculus…
- would you seat?
- Here? no?
- I think they will be dressed in pearls and gold and silver and silk!
- I am not going to seat by you
- seat, seat, you seat (if you want)
Carla arrived. He understood the idea. Girls by girls. The light came off. The greatest show of the greatest fashion designer of the Earth. The music stopped, a discreet gong in the backstage, a light at the end of the sidewalk and then the central went light down the entire catwalk. And: here they come. Amazing, astonishing, incredible, beautifull: …nude. The most beautifull clothes were the naked skin.
By the second model, people waited for the 3rd one to come along with the next season’s trends. No: nude again. As nude after nude, all sculptures from an exhibition, some suspected that the last one will be the dressed one: just one piece, the best of her entire career.
“it will be the bride’s dress, it is always the last one”, “until we get married we are undressed, then, love and marriage dress us up!” (and the kind).
So, the last one came; everybody held the breath, some hearts also stopped for an instant. And there it came: the most beautiful nude of them all. The room was in silence, astonished.
When a journalist asked her: “why so?” she replied simply “man do not care how we dress, but how we undress”. Julie and Carla looked one to each other in laugh < women, too!>
It was called “the show which ended all fashion shows”.
*

The abandoned city looked grooming. Whatever the reason it was almost all buildings left outside the city center looked like a decay tooth. Vegetation was everywhere, roads become strange creatures, with trees going through the cement upwards; the most incredible sight was that of a tree which want upwards toward all floors of a 10 story building, floor by floor: they still wait it to pass through the roof. Half of the city was flooded and polluted by a strange fish, which was quickly baptized Dräcula fish, as it could eat a goat and inflate like a balloon, when it was more of an Anguilla with piranha teeth. Some fantasticated and said it was due to the chemicals released into the water by an earthquake; others said it is an experiment of crazy scientist; some said, that due to its peculiar name, it was count Dräcula himself he who designed it, while others said no more no less that the inhabitants of the city released all the alcohol that was in the city into the river Dambovitza just one day before they abandoned the city for good. Now, who can trust all these conflicting stories or one of them, whichever one?  We may never know the truth about this bizarre fish; and then: who cares about its origins? Tourists love it: an adrenaline rush made same crazy about a trip to the suburbs of Dräcula’s Atlantida: a finger into the water, a hand or a leg? these were the questions. Some floating hotels opened in the suburbs, while the city center had the most bizarre of them all: deep underground; the deeper the better. For what reason? Who knows? Fashion? Security? Some were in the fundamenta of old hotels.
The other version said that not all people abandoned the city: memories, lost loves, whatever.
The workers of the after quake become robbers in the other version of the story. So the vampires were punishing vampires, defending the memory of the city from the robbers.
Others said that the robbers presented themselves as vampires to the first tourists to the abandoned city.
*

- uf! it hurts! (Count Dracula shouted)
- it hurts??? (the girl said)
- indeed. Don’t you believe me?? I am Count Dracula. The humblest man in the world.
-  man??
- I am not female
- neither human you are
The dentist started to work on Count’s Dracula right Tooth. THE tooth, I mean.
- It decayed a little bit
- hmmm. My teeth!! It must be the last girl. Sooo beautiful: …sh
- Count Dracula, I am aware of your love affairs, the whole world knows them, but here we…
- no, you do not know them
And his pulse started to go higher. The beautiful dentist, a very beautiful female of the humans (as she had to put her finger into his beautiful mouth, theirs eyes were 7 cm close) got excited too: her pulse went higher and higher; Count Dracula could not held his breath; so, heart near heart their souls seemed to unite.
When her breast touched him, he seemed to explode. The assistant saw all these. She was a very beautiful female, too.
Her body had to get closer to his body: when they touched each other, her pulse was the sum of two previously heard ones.
There they were, two beautiful ladies touching our Count.
- take his lips
The assistant was reluctant. For a second, she forgot that she was in the room of a dentist.
- take his lips and hold them firmly
The assistant obeyed, thought she had the unusual feeling of being a part in that type of movies.
The Count was incredibly happy. Still, he had to control his heart.
One thought came to their minds, at the same time, when they were looking one into the eyes of the other: < the virtues of the state are courage, temperance and wisdom, as Plato said>.
They both smiled, even laugh, one to each other.
- shall we love sophia?
- I think we shall love it (she answered, gently smiling)
- and shall we govern this country, this koinonia of souls?
- yes, we shall. Together.
- together. And shall we base this country on the divine model?
- On that one exactly
- so, our souls (Count Dracula wanted to end it there)
She turned back:
- our souls, you said, what? I didn’t hear you well-
- our souls must be governed well
- by love, I say.
- You say it
- Ya; me? Sure. Why not? And justice is the engine of the souls
- We shall love each other justly
- justly?
- justly
- Haha
- haha
A little bit later the doctor said to hers assistant: 
- < there is something in the air>
- yes, indeed, there is something in the air
And they both started to laugh. It never happened to them before.
The Count started to believe that he is the guardian of the state and that they are his κοινονια of σομα and ψυχη. What was not said is that the Count, as soon as he arrived at the Dentist Room, was welcomed by the most beautiful girl of the day (and of so many days to come…). An angel of beauty, delicacy and audacity. The Count had a 4-days long beard and felt very ugly that day. He did not expect to be that successful.
He responded to anything she said, out of politeness.
But when he went out off the room, just in front of the desk, the angel was interrogating him with her beautiful eyes:< what the hell were you doing, talking to the dentist so much???>.  She was jealous!
< Good Lord! I am so successful, that I cannot believe it myself. And I was about to believe that I got older>, the Count concluded his personal metaphysical quest.
He loved her for so many centuries to come.
*

- Count, come , please
- What?
- Read this. Our spy got it from the Aliens base. The secret service base.

<<Carla wasn’t always such a lesbian she is. She lost her virginity dreaming to be loved by a star. While an adolescent, she loved a boy, shy, poet, not quite good at love (although he wispeared quite a delicate poetry on her femininity). Then, one sad autumn day, she met an athletic guy; she was possessed with such a manly force that she forgot all the poetry in the world.
The females of the humans love love, money and clothes. The males of the human’s love love, money and hate clothes. Instead, they love man gathering which involve some ball haunting, which they call sport. ‘cause of this sporty obsession sometimes don’t love love. Females hate sport of all kinds. Human are a strange race. Quite different from ours. So Carla a woman become. But she loved that stupidly shy boy.
’cause she couldn’t choose between muscle and love, she choosed woman.
Humans have many engaging rituals: some resemble bird’s rituals, some resemble other animals. Some humans are successful, while others are not. The most unsuccessful category is one kind of male which gives words to the females and some plants called “flowers”. The words are arranged according to some mathematical rules, and the arrangement is called “poetry”. They believe that the smell of the plants make the females love them. In spite of their continuous failure, they keep on going on this path. The most successful males are those which bring shoes. Females love them both.>>

- So they are lesbians? (the Count asked)
- The Aliens say this
- Shall we trust them?
- They are good, aren’t they?
- We shall see

Next day, while they were in bed, the white dressed man found them. All that they remembered when they awake in front of the great foggy Alien was his face
- our great master wants you to spy for us
the two girls looked one to each other and discretely smile
- we? How could we?
- vampires do not like lesbians. So you could spy for us without any risk
- Any risk
- All beautifull girls we sent to spy on Dräcula failed. They were so fascinated by him that they provoked Dräcula to bite them. They were beautiful, the most beautifull girls. Now they are all vampires. This Dräcula fought the sultan to become one. Such a harem he has!
- So Dräcula hates lesbians? hmmm
- Ya, so he does. He cannot stand woman that do not like him. You know all woman love him
- Ya, ya, bla, bla, the greatest man on Earth, this Dräcula… ya, ya, we know this …, we heard it before
- We need to know his plans, to know if they will attack us.
The girls were persuaded that if vampires win over the Aliens, the humans will dissapear, or they will all become vampires. Aliens do not respect humans, but at least they do not bite them!
*

Carla and Julie were waiting along Dambovitza river, quite near Dräcula’s palace. Suddenly, Dräcula in person appeared. The Moon seemed to grow bigger, its light coming from behind seemed to make Dräcula even float. In fact, he was floating on the moonlight. A mirror about 25 meters high was behind him floating in the air.
- You shall not need to fear me; girls, you know how much I respect you
- yes, yes, you can’t fuck us so that you respect us
- No girls, I respect you (gravely Dräcula said). So, I don’t bite you
- What would you do to a woman vampire you can’t fuck!
-No girls. Its respect for diversity.  I am different, you are different, we all have the right to exist. You have your fight, we still fight this battle, our battle. We hope one day humans will accept us the way we are
- Diversity not envy, you say
- You shall not need to fear me. You know that many of our vampire girls love girls.
- Do they?? Don’t shit me! (Carla said)
- And they can’t be happy ‘cause of you. Where are they? Let them like me. I want to be loved by a vampire. A girly vampire. A beautiful girly vampire, added Julie
- She…they suffered in silence for our cause (sadly Dräcula said).
A tear gloomed on the Moon’s light. Dräcula could cry.
The girls were impressed. They imagined Dräcula as a monster, not as such a delicate man, so great a strategist…
- I hope so…what do you want us to do?
- I need you to spy on the Aliens
- They already asked us to spy on you, quickly Julie said
Carla, in a rush, put hers hand on the mouth of Julie and a “shut up” was heard
- Don’t worry, yours secret is safe with me, Dräcula kindly replied
- no problem?
- No; its better. So you can easily penetrate the Aliens
- Ya, ya, we will penetrate them, Julie   said and the two girls started to laugh and make that gesture one to the other and repeated “we will penetrate them”.

To theirs surprise, Dräcula was a very beautiful man: tall, brunette and the most beautiful eyes in the world; soft manners they would say: the kind of man they would have liked if they were not believed to be lesbians. Well, not all happiness is available… he was even a trend setter, a decently nice poet (other say: the best ever), a musician (behind some great hits) and a fine architect. He could easily paint: in a few words a genius in one person, with just a bad fame, even if greater.

*

- Shall we attack them? (said the ghost of Phidias)
- He’s right, King Vlad (answered Van der Weyden). The best is during the night. None would expect it
- You think so? (answered Vlad)
- What else can you do? We are outnumbered, better soldiers – actually: soldiers, I would say- whatever I and the ghost of Phidias w’d design for you, your small and dignified country is no match for the mighty Sultan. That’s the most dangerous army in the world. You know I am not modest.
- I know; I know it (replied Vlad)
- I may make you the best weapons in the world. My ghost of Phidias might – sure he will- improve them. He can even make you fly
- Fly???
- Sure. He did it. That’s why he broke his left arm
- Did he??? (Vlad asked)
- So… can you produce them quickly and in great numbers? No! we came here because everything we know we know from you, the byzantine. We fell so sorry you lost Constantinopolis. But we do not believe you could win this war. Why didn’t you unite?
- Unite?
- Yes. It’s my idea actually (the ghost of Phidias said). Like the night attack. 3 countries, dignified countries, I may say
- Very dignified (Petrus Christus added). The Guild of Saint Luke will always help you.
- So 3 countries, one leadership
- And the 3 of us
- Sure
- No one would defeat you
- King Stephan and King Mathias might not agree
- Did you asked them?
- No
- Ask them!
- What did you expect?
- Too late now
- We sent you a letter last year, before we left Paris. Why didn’t you unite, make a big country, a proud one, name it… how should they name it?
- Say… Roma… Romania
- Right, clever as always my ghost of Phidias. For your age you are the greatest genius of our times. Roma-nia. One of you can held them; the 3 of you will defeat them
- I didn’t get the letter
- You didn’t get the letter? How come?
- Somebody must have stopped your messenger
- Tragedy. Great tragedy. You should attack him by night. Take yours best soldiers, your very best soldiers and do it
- When shall I?
- This night
- This night?
- Don’t waste any time. It’s your last chance. He may attack you in the morning.
- Sure. I shall do it
By midnight King Vlad latter known as Vlad the Impeler, attacked the Sultan camp south of the city of Bucharest, as the ghost of Phidias and Van der Weyden advised him. It was the most daring attack in the whole history of mankind, one perfectly executed.
The ghost of Phidias and Van der Weyden weapons were bombarding the Sultan army, a flying machine (the first human flying machine ever made) flew over the Great Sultan’s tent, ready to strike if King Vlad would fail. The Sultan had love that night. Not in his tent.
He escaped. King Vlad retired. The ghost of Phidias’ flying machine insured the retreat. The Ottoman soldiers believed that a flying devil was helping th enemies: the flying devil threw fireballs on them, while other fireball were coming from all directions, hitting them relentlessly and tirelessly.
The body of the Mighty Sultan was covered by the bodies of his most trusted soldiers.
- Allah would save you our Lord!
- The devil attacks us, be strong, our Lord. Allah is great.
Next morning, the Sultan swore to make a greater mosque that the Aghia Sophia.
He knew that there was not devil there. His best spies told him that the Guild came to help the Hope of Christianity: King Vlad. He knew he was lucky, as his spies got the letter which the ghost of Phidias and Van der Weyden sent to King Vlad. He knew he was too lucky. The fame of the Guild of Saint Luke was immense. A great Romania, with all theirs weapons mass produced would have made them invincible. He also knew that the ghost of Phidias and Van der Weyden were two great byzantine. The mosque he promised to Allah is the magnificent Blue Mosque we see now in Istanbul. He wanted to thank that inner voice he heard that night: <don’t sleep in your tent>. He was sure that the Great Allah sent him an angel.
*

As they wandered around the ruins of the old city (if ruins we could call these holes in the ground), a man came by. Nothing unusual: tourist and anything-that-can-be-sold sellers were a norm right there. Unusual was his ring: Saturn like ring, like the strange signs in the Church of Saint Anton. Instinctively the girls followed him. When he took a flying taxi, they took one too. When he got off near a church in the suburbs of the Perfect being, they got off too. When the man, ping-ponging through the ruins of the communist flats stopped in front of an 19th century building, the girls were surprised. The man bows his head in front of a stone, then went directly towards the monastery. The girls followed the same path to see the stone. Some unusual signs stood above a name and what seemed to be a date:

<Mihail Eminescu, 15 June 1889>

The girls were puzzled: 100 years from the French Revolution. They web it: “Mihail Eminescu, poet, born probably 15 of January 1850…”
- let’s go Carla, he’s leaving
The man entered the monastery; it looked unusual into the sunset, among the ruins, with the landmark trees growing into the flats. A religious procession was held; they got from there to the church of the monastery. On the left door, near the left down corner, a discreet Saturn sign stood.
- probably some kids did it
- I don’t want to get inside
- Me neither
They stood on the bench near the church. Half an hour later the man came out. He seemed to look at them.
- Why did we follow him?
- I do not know. The ring
- Yes, the sign
- And the name on the stone
- How strange
- Everything is strange about this city
The girls didn’t know that the poet they read about was killed on the place where the stone stood.
*

Before he left for France, he announced that he will let them know who will replace him.
- master! Stay!
- I must leave
- What shall we become without you?
- A new generation shall rise. He will be, I hope, an ever greater leader that the one I humbly tried to be
- Who’s he?
- I ‘ll let you know in due time. Actually you will have to find it by yourself
- Another puzzle
- You will understand when I decide that you-all- will be worth of him. It is a test for you. Our legend must stay alive. The Guild must survive.
- And if we do not understand?
- You will. I put great trust in you. And hope
The peers broke in tears. They said farewell to theirs beloved teacher

In a cold winter day, that cold that stones broke, with a snow storm blurring any view, a group of artists- soldiers fought their way through the streets of London. A huge, wonderful door was covered in snow: 1 meter tall. The artists dig, with their empty hands, with a frenzy which surprised the by passers. The youngest of them opened the door. The echo of that sound rebounded into the streets. When they got it, the snow storm become stronger. The door was closed by a pale of wind. Its sound become greater and greater
- come, here
They almost run to the painting

- do you see it? Do you?
They look carefully. The light was poor. Some candles were lit. They got closer, till it become clear: the name.
- it’s you
- you, it’s you Shakespeare
The young peer was surprised. He did not expect to become the leader of the Guild of Saint Luke, so soon…
- our Master believed that you are our only hope
- our greatest hope!
- Don’t let us down
- Don’t despise us
- How could he? The Master chose Him, the Angel of God: Shakespeare
All bow in front of the young man the Master had chosen. Shakespeare felt embarrassed; and a little bit proud; and much concern: the greatest responsibility felt upon his young shoulders. He made a sign:< don’t bow> and started to embrace them. They quickly made a circle around him: a big hug for theirs new master. Then, one of them opened the bag he carried with him: the robe was ready. The gold Saturn like sign, on both sizes, shined into the light of the candles.
Each peer took a small candle from his own bag, lit it and fixed it to the ground. They made a circle of candles, an “o” of light. Shakespeare was in the center; all peers embraced the ground in the form of the cross; Shakespeare stood in the middle, facing the skies. For about 2 hours they waited till the lights of the candles went off. The peers come up and embraced Shakespeare again; he was in tears. As they went off the chapel of the Last Supper, they spread in all directions, as if nobody was ever there.
*

 Bucharest central become over time even more mysterious. Only the stone pavement remained from the old city center. It is still a mystery: why nobody ever wanted to buy any piece. Some stones disappeared over time; legends occurred: the holes of the missing stones made a pattern, which, if the holes of the stones were touched in the right order, a secret passage could open. The legend said, no more, no less, that the passage lead to an underground tunnel which gone directly to the missing Atlantis. The legend went on even saying that the Aliens and the Dacians held the lost or the last part pf Plato’s ΚΡΙΤΙΑΣ , and that (during ancient times) the old kingdom of the Dacians got hold on all the copies of the dialogue, erased their last part, the part which gave the location of Atlantis.
It was even rumored that the Dacians and the Atlants were allies, that the tunnel existed since the beginning of civilization.
Therefore, it was very popular with tourists to play that game: < give the right sequence of steeps to open the Atlantis>.
One fake manuscript was for sale in all souvenir shops. After: και συναγειρας ειπεν – it was said that it followed:
< these Atlants gone too far away from our divine teachings. We will put them under the guidance of the thracians, the most noble and divine people in this part of the kosmos.
Goddess Athena confirmed: one tunnel shall be made to unite the thracians and the atlants. In this way, no one will ever know of their alliance, and, over time, the atlants will regain their moral force>
Certainly, the rest of the dialogue was not for sale, it was said that it is the secret of the Aliens. Ya, sure. Maybe the atlants never existed. Humans love stories so much…
Some of them said that all atlants came to Bucharest, which was called Rolistenia by that time, while others, sarcastically added that maybe the thracians went to the atlants for a better paid job.

She was that fat that the crane broke. She tried that jump on the beam, she believed to be Nadia at Montreal, some 2000 years ago, but she ignored the plain fact that Nadia was one third of her weight.
The crane night become another tourist attraction. Some vampires were a little bit jealous, not very happy that all due attention was removed-partially- from them.
She landed on the safety cushion; her husband, the Mad Salan, came by:
- Love, my Love why did you try this, you know...
- I am not fat if you want to say this… I am slim like a butterfly
- More butter than fly, darling; more butter than fly
- I will divorce you pig! Fat and ugly pig!
Mad Salan and his wife were the attraction of the evening, of every evening.
Two cranes, a red one and an orange one moving one towards the other, they waiting on the top of each one, she coming like Nadia on the beam, he coming on a bicycle, when the cranes united he continued his trip on the other crane, she jumping on the other crane, like Nadia at Montreal. A dozen of cranes were installed in the old city center.
Many tourists got tired the united-crane game. Some use the skate, so that they were called the crane skaters. There were also the crane bikers. The lazy ones took the box-on –the –hook trip, up and down left and right, in the air at high speeds or low speeds.
The braver ones did the box-on-the-hook to another crane jump.
Some vampires gathered in the dark:
- I do not like that fatty one. Who the hell she thinks she is? 
- We are the stars of this city. Humans come here for us.
- Let’s bite her!
- So, she becomes a vampire? Only beautiful girls are vampires. She’s ugly.
- Right. Once a vampire, she becomes beautiful.
- I say we take them out of this city
- You cannot. Tourist like them: Mad Salan and his crazy wife: ridiculous as they are, the red crane versus orange crane, the fake Nadia versus the husband…
So the vampires decided to let them stay.


- One day something quite unusual happened, but…
-but?
-I don’t feel quite comfortable to talk about it
-why?
-it’s unusual
-oo
-but…ok, let me tell you: there was a man named Vapaha
-Vapaha, strange name, unique name
- he was supposed to land on a great cushion, filled with money, exactly were it used to be the old National Bank of Romania
- oo, I see that’s why he wanted to land on a cushion filled with money there
- sure, he was obsessed with money
- so, what’s so bizarre?
- he…he
- what?
- he..
- ?
- he landed on a girl
- on what???
- on a girl
- I see…it must have hurt her
- noo!
- noo?
- He repeated the jump many times
- did he succeded?
- no
- crazy man



 But, one night the vampires decided to show them what a crane dance really is: some motorcycles, ten cranes in line, united and the jump, from the first to the last. Then, the cranes started to rotate, while holding position. The jump from first to the third; then stop; the jump from the third to the seventh. Then, from the seventh to the second and from the second (that was the most difficult) to the tenth (the ten cranes were moving all at the same time in different directions). The tourists were delighted
- that’s how a crane dance should be done
- will they do this every evening?
- We hope so. At least as long as I stay here I would like to see them every evening
- For free, for sure
- Indeed; we didn’t pay any ticket to this show
- Always the first show is for free, the next ones would be charged
- There would be no next one. They will not repeat this. They wanted to show how it should be done
- I hope you are wrong
The girls were amazed by the agility which the vampires displayed.

*
- avoid! Left! Up! Focus! Fire! Fire now!Noow!

A space ship crashed on the southern side of Saint Goothlard.//Gothard. When it felt down the mountain for 50 meters it let a huge whole behind.
Another ship felt down at the same spot.
- do it! Do it! Now! 
The foggy ship went into the tunnel to chase the diamont shaped one.on the other part of the tunel of Saint Gothardt many lightnings were whitening the sky. The 2 ships continued to fly around the top of the mountain. It went so all along the old A2motorway. In lake Luzern it followed underwater for some time. Then, they went up and back into the water and up to go back again.
To Zurich and return and then to Luzern,Bern
The diamond shaped flyingship hid behind the Eiger. When the fog like flyingship got closer to the Eiger it was hit. It run toward the old rail tunnel, it got in, then drop a bomb on the entrance and it blocked it. 15 minutes later the fog like ship was ready for battle again.
Lausanne and Geneva. And from there to Paris



The Aliens launched the attack on the kingdoms of the vampires. For 3 long days and 3 long nights the fought. Hard, mercifulness, bloody.
First, a t-shirt was launched. Just near the tour Eiffel. Free vampire t-shirts for everyone. A staggering 1 million free t-shirts were given. For 11 days people all over the world spoke of this. Some were resold for a few fortune, as they were not enough. On the 12th day, the news that Dräcula had raped a 14 years old woman broke on Alien news. The world was disgusted.
The Aliens launched the “burn the Dräcula t-shirt” campaign. In a couple of days over 200.000 t-shirts were reportedly destroyed, as known from mental media.
The Aliens were counting on half a million burnt t-shirts. So, they stopped the attack.
Then, one human like Alien throw himself from tour Eiffel in protest: he wanted Dräcula arrested.
One hour after, the attack was launched. 2 billion Aliens soldiers, disguised as different beings took by storm Dräcula’s Atlantida. Ceausescu’s palace was erased. Only the mirror like windows of the exoskeleton which covered it were shining in the evening sun. Then, one day of silence. The vampires seem lost forever. Some events followed. First, the tour Eiffel itself become hot, then hotter and hotter. The metal started to melt a little bit. Then, flames on top of it, till it all become a big flame. As a miracle, the fire stopped. Then, a strange wind blew over the tour Eiffel. It roundly descended and the heated metal was twisted by a spiral wind. Then, piece by piece, from bottom to the top the tour Eiffel dissapeared as cut by and invisible scissor. The sound was like the sound of a crushing building, although the tower dissapeared into the nothingness. When the radio station on top of it reached the ground a horrifying sound was heard: it looked as all the vampires, of all times and all places were screaming. And then, they, the invisible vampires let the world see them.
A circle of vampires, 30 meters in height and 200 meters in length were devouring the earth around what used to be the fundaments of the tour Eiffel. In half of hour they made a hole of 25 meters. Then, a ball of fire went off the Earth, hitting the vampires; they retired like a bank of fishes, and, again started to devour the Earth. The hole become bigger and bigger as the sound made by the vampires was ear-blowing. The locals and the tourists alike watched the horrifying spectacle in despair. Then, the water of the river of the City lifted from the air, as a round stream self-rotating river, got hotter and hotter and felt into the hole made by the vampires. The hole become volcanic like lake, sulphuric in scent.
The vampires, like crazy birds dig a channel into the soil from the bridge to the hot lake. In an instant boiling water flew through The city towards the British channel. The old tgv channel was flooded by 96 degrees’ Celsius water. Then, a magnetic dome appeard at the bottom of the lost lake. At that point, live on news, everybody found out that the vampires were metal like. They were all attracted towards the magnetic dome. The battle seemed over; but Dräcula in person came. What a spectacle it was: 35meters tall, with his black cape. He stood on the magnetic dome and started laughing. His light was seen all over the city that day; after a few minutes he took all his clothes off: the world’s most magnificent striptease. He had a beautifully sculpted body.
But, strangely enough, the vampires decided to retire. No one, to this day, understood that decision.
*

The vampires returned to the North Pole. The Aliens completely dissapeared: <Where they were?> was the question everybody asked. For 12 more days nobody knew theirs whereabouts.
They reached Antarctica by the 26th of that month. They did set camp in an abandoned Us military facility. As for the vampires, they flew to the Moon. Count Dräcula advised the move which was approved by the vampire council by a 7 to 5 vote. The 5 generals opposing the vote were convinced that to abandon the North Pole meant to abandon it to the Aliens. Dräcula argued that no Alien would ever believe that the vampires should exit the Earth. And he was right. The Aliens believed that the vampires would happily let them have the South Pole. The Aliens resided on the highest mountains of the Antarctica.

*

The low gravity of the Moon made the vampires happy.
 And the unsurpassed image of the Earth was theirs most cherished treasure. Ballads of the blue Earth were so common those days. The vampires didn’t quite like the Earth; they found the humans unreliable, lazy, proud. Vampires were a hard working people, diligent in everything they did, their goods were praised by humans.
Dräcula enjoyed tea so much. The best porcelain was specially made for him
- our master…
- silence please. I always dreamed to look at the Earth, to this blue diamond like marvel and enjoy my tea. It pleases my soul, it quiets my hearth. No, here I am. Loving it, seeing it. Am I awake or am I dreaming? I do not know: my soul a dream it is, that blueish river there…you see it? it is an ocean full of life and joy and sorrow. One dies to keep another one alive. So life it goes.
- Master…
- Quiet…
- But…
- Quiet you there. To see the sound of such a vastity…
- Master! it’s war
- Qu…
- We are at war. We need defense!
- I know, I know. A battle shall we have
- Defense it is: quite fast. Now: the generals asked for you
- Sadly I go. My tea, my Earth; goodbye to you. Sad farewell. Let’s go, you imbecile. Do not disturb a poet looking at the Earth again. Especially if that poet is Dräcula!
You find not the apostrophes, and so miss the accent.
- ?
Then,  he looked to the Reader:
- An Eugene Ionesco dream this is, so dear reader dont't read this dream.You rather go and write your dream
*

The generals held theirs meeting 23 km off the capital of the Moon. They needed no map. The map, the Earth was just in front of them
- here, and one general pointed to the USA, lies the city called nuewa yorka. Once it was powerful
- and now it is
- it is?
- The same
- Are you drunk? It’s finished. Nice blood they have
- It is the food that make theirs blood so good
- Whatever. There (and he pointed the South America) is a huge forest were we could hide
- In Amazonia?
- Ya, indeed
- And from there we could attack Antarctica
- I say we follow the tectonic plate from north to the south
- That’s what they expect: from north to south, directly!
- No, they do believe we could not resist the heat
- It’s lava, volcanic lava
- An earthquake we will provoke
- Yaa, yaa. 12.8 on the Richter scale. No one will feel it. We are too quiet
- The Aliens stupid are not
- I say we do this. They will believe it is an earthquake. Just this and nothing more. Can you imagine this?
And all the generals imagined such a descent from north to south and theirs attack
-  we’ll win
- yes, sure, a win it is by now
- I say we split, Dräcula said. If one succeeds another one can fail.

The generals gazed at the Earth, they drew imaginary lines across the tectonic plate, then pointed the Amazonia, then the tectonic rift and debated for teens of minutes. Suddenly, one noticed a human flag left there.
- take this relic from here! Theirs Moon, said the general laughing
- ha ha ha (all the generals)
- theirs Moon, ha ha ha ha ha ha
- throw it, send it back
And one general took the flag and throw it towards the Earth. It was lovely to see the flag dissapearing in the distance in its journey towards the Earth.
- now, back to the battle. From the Amazonia how shall we reach the Antarctica?
- We shall take the Andes. We shall become white like the snow. Can I have my tea please?
- Yes
When he got his tea he seems happy:
- guys, after we conquer the Earth we shall retire to the Moon, happily he said having his tea

When the generals left, Count Dräcula asked his fellow chaps to bring him poetry.
English and <missing text>. He didn’t like French poetry; he respected it for what it was: great, true great poetry. Still, not for his taste.
So here he is: sitting on his crown chair reading, now Shakespeare (Romeo and Juliet sounded so romantic on the Moon), now Byron.

He loved this sonnet so much; he enjoyed its sound in the cosmic wind. Then, he said one of his poems to a fellow vampire:


- Under the bridge of joy
The silent soul its peace has found
With you the other side of it
The mighty bridge will flower through abide

And river in the clouds has gone
To fly, to die, on earth in peaceful down to lye 

In north your soul, in south my mind
And dear love, the time by bridge we'll lie
- what's that?  Byron? 
- no.me
- you? you are a poet??
- l am everything that l can be...but I don’t like it...quite poor quality



mist. late morning sun
waterfall of light falling
dust from moons away


- you are such a poet, our Count
- dear great lord, great heavens, do I have to listen to this???do you mean it?
- Sure
- I don’t believe you, liar. It’s no good
- It is a delicate haiku
- Sure, but English has many monosyllabic words, that’s why a haiku in English is no haiku. You just can express more things that in Japanese. 
The chap was very annoyed by the Count sudden turn to poetry. The count noticed it, so he decided to punish the chap: listen till you can no more (like the song)! So the count continued his laborious exposition. 
It was an English man from Oxford why discovered all these. The scholars ignored him. He was from Oxford. Not great university, you know. Had Oxford been a great university, the scholars would have read this. But so…
- ya, ya true, Oxford not great, not known like Bucharest, for example…or like you

- ya, me, I am the most famous man in the world
- True, Master 
You know? Filo-sophia, sophia is the knowledge which God has of itself, God is nous-intellect; we all have a nous-intellect ( I mean, they, the humans) in ourselves, so filo-sofia is filo-nous( intellect), is to love all humanity. The best part of it. N…
- yes Master, as you always say all things are good when they end so and so; so this Aristotle was happy in the end?
- he wanted to make others happy. He showed the way
- I am not happy Master! I am bored on the Moon
-  you are not human! You are a bloody vampire, you idiot. ( smiling nicely as to a nice kid ) that’s for humans, my dear chap. For humans, not for us. That’s their happiness, not ours 
- what’s our happiness, my Lord?
-  God knows it; God knows it…( sadly he said) we have to fight these Aliens, to save this Earth from them, to, to…do not even want to think about it. And I am sad, in love… and have to fight a war, and what a war it is
- Master, was Aristotle a member of the Order of Orphaeus?
- how do you know of it? It is a great secret
- Master you said it
- ???? when I?
- half an hour ago, one hour, or two, maybe
- Good Lord, what a secret I said. I wasn’t supposed to say it… half an hour ago, one hour, or two maybe, you said
-  or so
- Or so. Hmmm…hmmm…
- master…?...
- say it
- I…I…are you a member of the Order of Orphaeus?
- I ? 
- I…I mean…you know too many things of it
- so? I am Dracula, I must know of everything
- you are right Master, it is true, but this is a secret organization. So secret that I, I mean I, didn’t know of it
- so, who the hell are you that are supposed to know of it??? Why do you accuse me of being a traitor?
- I??? Master! I apologies! I didn’t mean this
- them what did you mean?
- that you are a member of the Order of Orphaeus
- so, a traitor, you say
- no traitor, our Master is no traitor, he is the greatest and most gorgeous leader that ever existed , he
- bla, bla, I know all of this: I invented them
- you?
- joke! 
- Master, I must go now, I’ ve been listening to you for half an hour
- Or so
- or so
- then go! What do you want? Me to kick your ass? Go!
- I go, go I go
- by
- by by
- by by
- by
… After 3 hours, the chap was over. He hated poetry; still, that image of the magnificent Earth, those beautiful, sad or joyful verses started to move that insane vampire: humans are not that bad after all. Some of them have sentiment, dignity, honor. “long live the humans!” he found himself shouting…so I can eat some blood, he sarcastically added.
When the chap left, the Count found himself alone, wondering at the Earth, with four volumes of poetry near his chair. He remembered that beautiful girl he felt in love with. He wrote poetry, sad poetry. She didn’t know it, as none did. She wrote him well

I"ll dream myself into your story, Dracula (a smile) I kiss you (on the neck?)

The better the kiss the lesser the talent. The first should make you happy

If I"ll marry you I will write comedies; and that's not what I intended 

Untill

I tell you but one thing: you're mad and your behaviour proved you mizerabile. I"ll ne'er see you again. Keep to yourself anything you wanna say.

You were with a girl you say?do not foul yourself into believing that I give a shit...I am not interested.I tell you but one thing: even if that was true you cannot do this it is not ethical. You invent stories to ruin other peoples lifes.I dont like your behaviour. To crown it all you touch the things dearest to me: my king and his beloved family...you,you do not know us, you just garbage into our happiness, with envy and despair...the same with Greece...we do not know each other for that long...stay out of our lifes...I cannot take that shit...you just envy our happiness and wanna ruin it...that's none of your bussines

Just before they broke she sent him the most touching of them all:

I will take the roses when I get home. Thank you so much. You know that I believe you are a gifted writer...don't say false things.

... for she was close to suicide that day. Then, she forgot him

A tear dropped on Count Dräcula’s face.
- uff! the battle, the count said to himself
*

Chilia  City was quiet those days. The inhabitants had no idea of the incoming battle. The two girls decided to do some skate jumping from the buildings. The city developed into a gem. Brancusi’s Atelier was reconstructed at an architectural size; all the sculptures of his Atelier which you could still see in ancient Paris near that bizarre colored building, become magnificent buildings. It was declared the most astonishing city ever made just to become a ruin. The idea came from one who believed that Brancusi’s obsessive relocation of his sculptures for decades and decades, his will to reconstruct the Atelier exactly as he left it when he gave it to the Republique Francaise meant one and only one thing: he devised it as a city. So there it was: Chilia  City or what was left of it: a marvelous ruin.
Over time, kids got strange habits: The Flying Turtle become a playground for the skaters; a skate, a parachute and a jump; an unofficial Olympiad of the skate jumpers was held every four months. As for the Flying Cook it was the place of the flying rollers: the launch took place from the top of the building, rollers up and, by the end of the line, a bat like flight and then, the parachute.
Aerial buses, first introduced in Chilia  City (free of charge to avoid pollution, in the begginning; then, the mayor charged the tourists, who rebelled, then everyone was charged a ticket, then for free again, and so on) encountered serious problems: suppose you drive an aerial bus and a parachute gets in from of you! What a nightmare it was. Still, the tourists were a must; not for the money they were supposed to bring. The drivers wanted to quit; but the pride of being the only drivers (after all the first drivers in the world) of an aerial bus was too tempting to leave…
Carla and Julie went at the top of the Hotel America by Gaudi; as they watched the sunset glowing around the 5 meters 24 karat massive gold statue of the Bird in Space, the rollers endlessly jumping from the flying Cook, the aerial buses shining into the sky, the Sene passing by as a reddish-purple-orange snake or dragon, a feeling of profound happiness embraced their young souls in love. The Oculus was an astonishing piece of engineering: a roof made of one huge piece of secured glass with a circular hole in the middle!
When winter came, the snow gently blessed the Bird in Space. In autumn and spring rain pour on the yellow gold; small incisions in the red marble floor channeled the water towards all four corners of the one floor room.
When the last floor was covered by a cloud, the Bird in Space was like a discrete presence.
From time to time a new Wagner was played as an homage to that strange genius behind the Chilia  City: he had the idea the Wagner’s tetralogy was a kind of musical cathedral which Germans have to work on; for the subject was a masterpiece, the instrumental part was a masterpiece, too; but that annoyingly and wind blowing like vocal part is this ugly just to invite others to join in the wagnerian boat and replace them with beautiful lied like arias. For more than 190 years no one understood it. Clues left by Wagner himself were found: some song from Bach, Handel, Mozart, Haydn, Beethoven, Shubert would easily fit in.
When the girls returned to the ground floor, they wanted to have a bus ride through the gigantesque statues. The closest bus terminal was across the road. Bus no.1, a remainder of tram no.1 of the old capital city, was the best choice: a half circle half oval route across the city, reminding of the trams of Vienna. The view was beyond any words. Anyone who took such a trip found it the same way. Of course, the videos from bus no.1 could give a clue; still, nothing can match the endorphin-adrenaline rush of such a trip and the tranquil state of mind you reach by the middle of the trip, the speechless joy at the end of it
- shall we take a room in the Hotel America by Gaudi?
- Carla, it’s too expensive
- I know it, Julie, but one life we have
- Let’s have it, then. We’ll make shorter our trip
- But better
The view from the room was speechless, too. Not as glorious as from the top, but maybe more human. The last floor belongs to the Gods…


- wake up! wake up! Quickly, come!
(Julie was shouting) Carla opened an eye and tried to understand what was happening
- come, quickly
Carla rose from the bed, the white marble felt cold under her feet and then: “whoooaaaa!”. The roller’s train: 25 rollers, one holding the others were in the air, flying towards…who knows what. Carla imagined they jumped from the flying Cook in the same formation. Then, there it was: the 25 rollers separated at the same time and all went in different directions making a great circle, the parachute opened at the same time; it was called the rolling Table of Silence. Others said it was a flying Table of Silence.
- can I go to sleep?
- It’s coming, soon shall…
- Yes, yes. I am tired, need to sleep
- Darling, you’ll sleep tomorrow. We can’t miss it
- You can’t. I can
- No, you cannot either
- I am tired Julie. I go to bed
- Stay. Staaay. Look! Some others.
Carla, half awake, half asleep looked towards the window: 4 rolling flying teams, one after the other, jumping in opposite direction, each splitting in 3: there it was, the 12 seats of the table of silence, flying across the city, hand in hand, 12 circles taken by the wind
- you were right, dear Julie. They are different now that I see them so closely that I feel I can touch them
- I am always right
- Always
And Carla want to bed till midday when they had to leave the room.
By 12 o’clock, the girls decided to take the magnetic tram on a tour of the city.
*

As the fellow vampires were not great poets, nor great lovers of it, they found the Moon booring. They wanted to play football. Oh, well, the gravity was a problem. But they were vampires, weren’t they?
Two teams formed: the blood sucking vampires against the blood drinking vampires. The shirts were regularly red: 136 red, for the first and 137 red for the second. The ball was blue, like the Earth. The Count loved football. They played every day for 3 hours. Sometimes the ball flew outside the gravity circle of the Moon. Such balls can be seen, on a clear sky, from the Earth. Sometimes the vampires were running, sometimes they were flying for the ball. They quarrel for the rules, but none obeyed them.
Few days later, vampires found football booring.  One come up with the bizarre idea: a formula one circuit on the Moon. A team of vampires was sent to the Earth to steal an entire formula one team. The best cars in the world were taken. For another 3 days the vampires did formula one races on the Moon. They raced hardly, many incidents, spectacular moves, cowardly actions and all the sort some vampires with some formula one care could possibly do on the Moon. The funniest of all was a race with some formula one cars from the museum of technology, which some vampires stolen (sorry: lent): they all came with bizarre names…
The winner took the most beautiful girl on a trip to the very dark side of the Moon. The girl made him especially happy, as he was sitting on an old F1  .
As the stay on the Moon prolonged more than expected, some vampires decided to establish schools. Some brave ones established the first University of the Moon: The University of the Sacred Moon; it wanted to rival the best universities of China and Japan.
*

When they reached the fish market they found themselves in the middle of a strong debate.
- the vampires should go home!
- Where is theirs home, my darling?
- Ya ya nowhere. Where did they came from?
- Who let them in?
- Send them back
- When?
- Ya ya again…
- What shall we do?
- they are dangerous
- we better don’t piss them off
- our party is against the vampires
- I’ll vote for you
- I heard Dräcula is actually no vampire
- No vampire?!? Are you crazy, you ignorant
- Noooo! nooo! I heard he is actually a bank robber
- I heard he steels from people
- I have SEEN the count in a bank steeling money
- Did he?
- YES!
- O, my lord! Damn imbeciles! aren’t you afraid he will hear you? Do you want him to come down here?
- Ya ya he’s right. Are you sure he’s a theft?
- Actually I am not that sure. I do not see well with my left eye
- Probably you’ve mistaken him for another one
- Probably
- Probably
- Guys, I am still against vampires!
- Down with them!
- Silence, you idiot!
- Ya ya
-  Ya! Silence
The girls were really amused by such a lively debate: all peoples from small villages believed that their village was the place where the future of humanity was decided. So funny they were! Carla got a nice fish and the villagers grilled it quickly. It was delicious. Julie   wasn’t a fish fun. As they approached the end of the fish market, they heard another Dräcula talk
- so, he wanted to commit suicide?
- Yes
- I can’t believe it. I do not believe it
- It is the plain truth
- How can the Count commit suicide?
- He was deeply in love
- The Count?
- He
- No
- Yes
- Noo
- Yes, I say
- How could he? don’t you realize what are you saying? The Count felt in love?
- Why not?
- He’s insane; the most insane in the whole galaxy!
- Still, he felt in love
- Commmmon! It can’t be true
- It is, I say! it is…
- Who’s she? Blond, brunette, short, tall, big buts, small buts, fat, skinny, moderate?
- it was never found how or who she was .A Nobel prize for literature she was; the first letter of hers name is known…no more
- So, really, Count Dräcula felt in love and attempted suicide? Unbelievable; true unbelievable. That insane vampire to fell in love so hard! wooo!
The girls stopped pretending they were buying something. They could not believe their ears: Count Dräcula, the most infamous vampire to fell in love and! to attempt suicide. Truly unbelievable.
- maybe, he’s not as he was portrayed by the media
- you know that news channels are looking for all strange stories about famous people. That’s what they live on: sensational stories. Sometimes, they really come up with them.

At the end of the fish market, there it was: another crowd of villagers
- that’s a shitty country
- vampires don’t have a country
- they live everywhere and anywhere
- the have a country: vampire country. It is also called Shitty Country.
- Ha ha ha
- Haha
- Yes, it is a shitty country
Carla and Julie didn’t stop to listen. Racism was not what they liked.
*

While the vampires were busy on the Moon, the Aliens, in Antarctica, weren’t that busy. They were confident that the garlic bomb, the master piece of the greatest research team in the entire Milky way galaxy, will do the job. When the vampires will attack, surprise will come to them. A nice Christmas present from the Aliens.
The Aliens were quite a few in numbers: all foggy like beings, of male appareance, but no sex signs. Theirs technological advance was beyond any imagination. Intelligent nanomaterial that changed form so quickly that their enemies imagined that there are many different flying objects appearing and dissapearing, while fog like beings guided them. One Alien flying object did the job of 100 ones. The unimaginable speed of change buzzled their enemies. Theirs battles were legendary across the Milky way galaxy.

Nobody ever defeated them.
Those slippery beings on theirs slippery flying ships were the true masters of the galaxy.
Laying on the highest mountains of the Antarctica 10 ships were ready for battle. A foggy being on white snow was almost impossible to be seen. All they did was to wait in silence, in a kind of meditative mood. But, who could say what such an advanced being was really thinking? Meditation was its name? Or something else, unnamable? Theirs exact number was never known by anyone in the galaxy. One, ten, one thousand, one million, 100 billion?
Who could say?
The mystery surrounding them, the garlic  remainder of their victories made them the most feared enemies.
They were sure that after they will defeat the vampires with that seemingly easiest of bomb, they will get the Sphere.
The Sphere itself was even more mysterious, more famous then the Aliens. Legends surrounding it spread like fire on a dry hot summer day. It was supposed to be the work of the legendary Lao Zi, a Sphere that will hold all the powers and mysteries of the whole infinite universe.
The Aliens were attracted to the Earth by this device: The Sphere. Earth was not such big or rich or astonishing planet as the humans assumed. Certainly, all humans believed that they were at the center of the universe and each group believed that it was the center of the universe. Earth had many centers at the same time and many more during its history.
By comparison, other planets had so many amazing things to offer; but to a race which only managed to get some light years out of its solar system, how could such truths be presented?
Humans could barely show charity one to each other.
The mysterious signal the Sphere emitted made it the most desirable object in the whole galaxy.
So many races came to the Earth to find it. Still: none succeeded in more than 2000 years. When the Aliens finally drove out of the Earth all the other races in the Galaxy, they started this quest for the Sphere. This object impressed them so much that calm, serenity was a rare commodity.
The signal came from the Earth. Where from the earth? While on Earth, the signal was absent. When they departed from the Earth, the signal came out again. Some Aliens even wandered if the signal comes from the Earth itself. – No. All the mighty technology of the Aliens proved that the signal was not emitted by the Earth itself, but from on object which was on the Earth.
It was the only such signal in the whole galaxy.
Legend had it that such a signal could not be found anywhere else in the entire universe.
*

When he left down his poetry books, Dräcula understood that he would like to have a pool. A fine architect, he designed the house by the pool himself. There he was, just a few days later, sitting in his pool, enjoying that unique Earth view. It was nice to be a vampire, those days.
He was in his pool, smoking a nice Cuban cigar, when the 3rd general in command came:
- Our beloved count, there we have a problem
The count took a deep breath, let the smoke go down his lungs then he got it out in marvelous triangles: one after another
- the only true problem is that I cannot make squares…yet…I hope…yet. What’s the problem chap?
- The Aliens will see us coming from the north pole. A chained stream of vampirometers were installed around it. The Aliens did it.
- Ya, sure, the Aliens did it (sarcastically repeated the count) the Aliens did it (said it he again, with a comical posture) stupid! From the south we will come! then, south Africa, up, the great pyramids, a big bottle of tzuica in Bucharest -they call it Dräcula’s Atlantida, you know? (gladly he said)-, Chilia  and the Pole. Our Pole.
- Why don’t we attack them directly, us, I mean? First we reach Antarctica, no my Lord?
- First we reach Antarctica, my lord, no? (sarcastically and childishly the Count repeated) stupid! We will be tired. You know: Moon, Earth, far away, Earth, atmosphere, meteorite like burning our skin… do you ever heard of those things, my dear stupid chap? Nooo, sure, nooo (and he drew triangle in the air)
- Oh, yes, yes, my Count, yes! Clever you are. And how would we enter the north Pole?
- Disguised as Aliens, from the tunnel they made from store bellow the tour Eifel to the North Pole
- From Chilia  go to Paris, we go?
- No, first Moscow (I have to salute a friend there), then direct commercial flight to Paris
- Commercial flight???
- Disguised as Aliens, you stupid, you are!
- Ooo, ye, ye. Great Count! Great Count!
- Sure for I pray to you to speak the speech as I pray you, I pronounced it to you the way you must: you must acquire and beget a temperance beyond the words
- I will temperate all the words my Lord, all the words
When the Count realized that his cigar was near the end he asked for another one. A square shaped one.
- The smoking cigar would go well with the Earth view (he added) … But I should quit this unhealthy habit. I hope kids will follow my example.
*

With the book in his hand the Count started to read:
- to be
he looked at the book again, then raised his head to look at the blue Earth
- or not to be
he looked at the book again, then raised his head to look at the blue Earth
- that is the question
He, then, took the book near his eyes, right in the air, near the image of the blue Earth and kept on reading the entire monologue. By the 3rd verse a group of vampires came by and stopped behind the Count to listen to him. When the count finished reading the vampires were crying. Discrete tears, still tears.
- “how few days go to make up a century”, one added.
Dräcula took some Chinese poetry (Dräcula was one of the greatest experts in Chinese Literature). For he was one of the most subtle foreign readers of the Chinese Language. He, was the first to understand that , when teaching the language, the way of Lao Zi must be followed : learn as a child; first the spoke language then the written one. This way gives the learner confidence. He doesnot feel overdone by the 50 han zi per day to learn ...He can even write phonetic Chinese poetry He, then, said that to read Lao Zi there are 2 way as profund as the text itself The first says thet one must write the text hundreds of times. The second says that some sentences must not be written down. Just read and remember them. The most profund taoist secret is the list of unwriteable sentences,  he said. As he finished reading, Dräcula felt asleep.
In his dream he went to one of the suburbs of the old city of Bucharest. As he was flying above the city, his shadow (the Moon was shining) seemed bigger than normally it was. As he approached a flat, he discovered that he traveled in the past for almost 2000 years. An old and ugly lady was sitting on a fancy balcony gazing at the Moon. She was a very refined poet, one of the best the old Romania produced. She loved Eminescu very much, and she was behind the media war to save the posterity of Eminescu. When Eminescu’s political enemies got the power, he was arrested by the police, on the Street of the Police (that was the name of the street…bizarre, I would say), and taken to a mental hospital as he was declared mad. His enemies produced the myth of his syphilis, which was said to be curable with mercury. They said that his best friend (the notorious play writer I.L. Caragiale) fucked his girlfriend (named Veronica Micle, a delicate and great poet, mythical leader of the feminist movement) and gave her syphilis. She gave it to Eminescu, which, mysteriously got mad, exactly when his political enemies needed him mad… such a coincidence it was… in the mad man hospital he was injected with mercury, to cure his…syphilis… and the mercury made him mad… it was the first cure that didn’t actually cure , but confirmed a previously faked diagnosis… it was  the first true time travel… for the past was a future and a future was a past… after many mercury injections he was declared sane and left the mad man hospital… unfortunately, he got into politics again, and , with only one article in a newspaper, he brought down the government ( that good and powerful he was… quite rare these days)… definitively, he had to be taken to the mad man hospital, as he was declared mad again, were he was finally killed by a supposed mad man, ending his brilliant political career. His girlfriend Veronica committed suicide, while his best friend, I.L. Caragiale flew to Berlin, where he died after 18 years. Everybody around Eminescu got the message: <you lost the power for good>. Politics was quite dirty of an affair those days, in Europe. The old lady, sitting on her fancy balcony was reading Eminescu. Hers 50 years media battle with all the ears of the killers of Eminescu (which hold power, in different forms, for a staggering 100 years, going through different secret organizations; all recognizable by the same modus operandi: their political enemies were all “declared” mad and one of them tried to conquer the girlfriend of the poor mad man, or, at least, to destroy theirs love in any way available; just to improve after 1st contact with the ETs. some say that they still run the world, but that 's plain nonsense) was the true legend of the dacians. So, the old lady was sitting on her fancy balcony, reading Eminescu and believing that the world has stopped when she had hers first orgasm (fashion, music, customs must all be from that period, she believed…) when Dräcula arrived. He suddenly felt in love with that ugly lady; he came closer and closer and closer and closer till he saw her glorious eyes, Medusa like ones… he stopped in front of her balcony:
- dear love, I dreamed your love for such a long time. 2000 years I was looking for yours love. Where have you been?
- I was here on my balcony waiting for you every night, gazing at the stars and at the Moon, dreaming yours kiss, yours lips, yours eyes
- My love (said the Count to the old and ugly lady) … my love… where have you been?
- Here, on my balcony, waiting for you, every night and every morning for 2000 years
- My love, the Count said again… my love … and he kissed her on the neck (Dräcula never bites ladies, he kisses them on the neck so lovely that they have an orgasm; many of his enemies, by envy (or mistake) said that he bites them…… so a legend we got)
( some said that the source of this injust whisper was his idea that all members of a parliament must graduate in law: it would be like one driving a F1 car without a driving licence...as it was 1882 no one knew what a Formula One car is and his just idea was forgotten )
- Ooooo, oooo (after a few seconds she had an orgasm; orgasm after orgasm she got younger and younger, till she was 15; Dräcula stopped)
- Are you crazy? You want me arrested by the police?
- I will save you as I saved Eminescu
- You saved his posterity, you could not save him. Common, get older quickly. If someone sees me kissing a 15 years old amazingly beautiful girl…
- So what? You are Dräcula. They cannot arrest you
- Darling, I need to be the President of the Earth. This will ruin my candidacy… don’t say that you are a virgin right now
- Aùo, no, no, when I was 13 I lost my virginity
- 13??
- Sure, by that time girls got married and have kids one-year latter
- You have a kid???
- Sure. But let’s not talk about it… kiss me again
- If I kiss you you’ll get younger and younger. I return when you will be 18 and you will kiss me (maybe I will get younger myself)
At that point Count Dräcula’s nightmare was over. He was sitting on his Royal Chair, disgusted by the dream he dreamed, looking at the Earth:
- crazy humans! he said leaving behind the image of the Earth
The truth of the story was that the manager of the flat felt in love with the old lady, in spite of the 40 years that were in between them. But love knows no limits, so he came by daily to do the dog thing. There was even a beaver there, chewing the flat every day, one mm a day. The manager could do nothing to prevent , to stop the beaver : when the flat finally collapsed the manager was fired; he didn’t care to much: both he and the beaver loved the smell of a dog.
*
Rain was pouring onto the streets. The Director of the most famous romanian publishing house was nervous. Dracula's autobiography was on the shelves. He tried to look thorohough the window. There she was: his  beloved woman
- Hei, you are late 
- Dracula called me again. I blocked his number
- Noo,  you shouldnt. We need him
- He should root in Hell...Why do you publish the autobiography of a looser? ?
- He' Dracula! Common...!
-Yes, sure, she said with disgust
- we need him to come here
- He' s too arogant...He will not come...He's texting me everyday! 
< your eyes bla bla
Your ass bla bla
Your breast bla bla
Your lips bla bla
Your kiss bla bla >
- Did you kiss him???
- I..no! no! sure no
- How is it that he knows of your kiss??
- Imagination darling....Everything is fake in that bloody autobiography. ( o, he found out...So stupid I am...she said to herself)
One bypasser stoped in front of the window. A book with a saturn photo was on display < The autobiography of a vampire>.
He smiled and said to himself <  to come down here they expected me >.
The rain  labouriously buffled the streets .
Few hours later they got a phone.
The Romanian government hold a press conference
- Dear citizens of Planet Earth ( The spokesman said) We, the Government of the New Republic of Romania, are proud to present you...Dracula's autobiography. He is to noblest citizen of our small Republic. He is the epitomy of just, good, fair. He is our Poet. He is our...
Humans all around the world watched the press conference for one hour and a half.
Many of them wondered if the spokesman wasnt a vampire himself.

*

- great Sultan, it is such an honor for us to meet you
- dear friends I am glad I could see you in person (the Great Sultan replied). Seat, enjoy our delights. As long as you stay here Istanbul will be all yours. Ask and you will get.
- it is a magnificent palace (gladly Wermeer responded); as great as his ruler. I heard that only the Middle Kingdom is as great as your country
- yes, it is great. I could visit it once. Here you find the greatest collection of porcelain outside the Middle Kingdom
- I heard that you tried to emulate their administration (Rembrandt continued)
- indeed, my friends. You know that to pass an Imperial Exam you have to learn this?  (And he pointed to a shell full of scrolls.) I learned the grammar of the language and some hundreds of characters. Probably 1000
- we studied it too. It is a magnificent language. A 2000 years old legacy. Confucius was a very great human. A wise one (Rembrandt continued)
- he’s the Educator of the whole China (the Sultan replied). The Son of Heaven was kind to send me a few of his scholars
- it is true that a poor can become a Minister?
- if he studies hard, take an exam, s/he can become such a Minister.
When the best people rule everybody is happy
- indeed. Great Sultan, we came with a peace offer
- we believe that the time of peace between Christians and Muslims has arrived
- My great Rembrandt and my great Wermeer: I’ve been waiting this peace offer for a long time. I know of your greatness and honesty, but…
- but... (Rembrandt asked)
- you are not alone. Europe is a huge continent, with so many kingdoms and kings. If I made peace with one of them, the others will break it just because he doesn’t like the other. They don’t care for me or my religion. The feud counts most. They cannot comprehend the idea of an empire built on merit! Only birth counts to them and the lies they give to ensure that birth. Do you believe that a prince would accept that his last subject can become as powerfull as he? Just because the peasant reads this (and he pointed the shell full of Chinese scrolls) or that or that?
When they will do what I am doing I’ll trust what they propose
- I see your point, Great Sultan
- My dear friends, Europe is not a place to be an intellectual. When Europe will be run by people like you, when your Order
- You know of it?
- I know of everything my friend… of everything…will run that continent; I’ll be glad to make that peace
- Great Sultan: Rembrandt wanted to make a bridge to unite Europe and Asia. The Bridge of Friendship. One day in the future they may call it: The Bridge of Fraternity
- My dear friends, you’re so naïf
- We fight for this
- I know you do. Hard job you have. A question may I ask?
- Do ask, Great Sultan
- And if the Friendship bridge will be one day destroyed by a Christian army? Which fights in the name of Love… shall we take that risk? All friendship will be gone
- He’s right; (Rembrandt answered looking to Wermeer)
- You are a great strategist, Great Sultan
- YOU call me Great. And I know that you mean it
- We don’t kiss asses for some bread
- I know. I try to be an artist. But a Sultan …I am. So, thank you for the bridge. I hope one day it will be done.
- One day the merit will run Europe. Our Order, we hope
- I hope it too, my friend. I hope it too. And Peace I hope will come

One servant came and said something to the Sultan
- I must go now, great friends. The city is yours as long as you stay; we’ll see again today.

As war broke at the other border of his Empire, the Sultan had to abandon Rembrandt and Wermeer in Istanbul.
Both Rembrandt and Wermeer found a small note near each’s bed:
< when Europe will be run by people like you I will be honored to stay in Peace>
*

This artistic turn made the vampires try classical dances. Some 300 hundred of them started to jump on the Moon, imagining to be some great performers of the, now “Swan Lake”, now “Romeo and Juliet” … and the like. The trouble was that they hit the Moon so hardly till the Moon moved 1 centimeter to the left.
Then, out of despair, due to the high level of borringness, the vampires try some fashion shows. As the girly vampires were the most beautiful females on the Earth, they had the chance the impress the lunar audience, too. They were so impress, that 9 months later, many famously today vampires were born. The only constrain the vampires have is to wear that long black cape we all know.  For the rest, anything else is allowed.
*

When the blood reserves were over, the vampires begun to debate if to become vegan or not.
Red colored vegetables were the first choice.
A kind of a painting, by an obscure artist named Warhol, suggested them tomato juice.
Red pepper juice was theirs other option, more suited for a vampire dignity…
an expedition to the Earth to renew the blood supplies was also suggested.
But the incoming war, the planed attack on the Aliens, made this trip impossible.
100% red garlic  pepper juice was the only choice: the vampires felt suddenly invigorated! Some even wanted to go and live near a garlic  plantation, so much they loved the garlic juice. The garlic juice was found a great antidote to the infamous garlic bomb.
The vampires felt invincible.
The garlic bomb, which the Aliens secretly developed (of which the vampires were well aware due to a great spy they had infiltrated…) will prove to be effectiveless.
< we’ll run the world> (they said) > humans would not even hate us and would be good workers!> no sabotage was anymore expected.
Then, the next morning, the great breakthrough came: the research lab of the first Moon University had found that 91% garlic juice and 9% red wine will make the best for the vampire’s metabolism. The great wines of the Moldavian cellars would do the trick.
Still, some vampires wanted to go to the Earth to get blood supplies
- what kind of vampires we become??? Vegetarian???
- Ya!!ya!!who would respect us???
- Who would fear us??
- Who would dream us???
- All woman would say we are pussycats, not vampires!!!
- To the Earth!
- To the Earth!
110 vampires got ready to go to the Earth. When the Count appeared, he didn’t try to cool things down. He inflated them even more. Ten of the 110 vampires cherished him. Then, the Count made his point.
- guys, be careful on Earth. Some w’d acuse you of rape. It is very fashionable on news channels to hear:< that vampire, on that day, raped a 14 years old woman>. We are rapist! And we drink blood!
- ya, ya, we drink blood.
One voice was heard from the crowd:
- Guys! Guys!
When things cooled down, the girl could talk:
- if we are rapist, and we drink blood, do you see any difference?? Rape (and she moved hers left hand up-down), blood (and she moved her right arm up-down); she repeated it 3-4 times. Think of it!
Count Dräcula was smiling: she was his most trusted lieutenant. The vampires wondered what’s best.
- common! We need rape! All woman loves us!
- Ye, ye. They love us!
- And they love us, ‘cause we bite them
- Sure (said the girl). You are very successful with girls. That’s why envy appearr: ‘cause of your success; old and ugly woman which you reject, all unsuccessful man w’d do the same. So? The garlic juice would make you the best
- Yeah! I feel like throwing it! Garlic juice!
- So, it is too hot for you? (the girl ironically said). Screw your courage to the sticking-place, and we’ll not fail.
- Nothing is too hot for a vampire: will drink the garlic  and eat the Earth (said a vampire pointing to the Earth). In every point twice done, and then done double!
- Prove it darling (the girl continued). So… you’ll drink 200% garlic juice? (kindly she asked). And to crown it all: wine is a stylish drink; you’ll be cooler then the French- you drink wine and the garlic juice. All woman would get crazy about you: humans cannot even drink a glass of garlic juice!
- do you know what they will do? 91% wine and 9 % garlic juice and they will call it <vampire cocktail>. <Vampire cocktail>. Haha! no! they will put 1% garlic juice. Probably the best drink in the world…haha! (one vampire said in support)
- you can drink 10 liters of garlic juice (she continued sarcastically). You would be the best ever! And all old and ugly women rejected by you and all the unsuccessful man w’d say no more: it’ll be the end of all rape stories!
The argument looked quite convincing to the 110 vampires. Theirs trip to the Earth didn’t look so shinny…
- and the garlic bomb! (one vampire added)
- o, shit! The garlic
- or the garlic bomb dropped by the Aliens (the girl continued)
- yes… we forget it. Maybe garlic juice is the right choice
- with some wine for it to give some class. A real lady would appreciate it more. You know? Vegan is very fashionable right now with all intellectuals
- darling, shall we wear glasses like a nerd?
- shall we be some nerd vampires?
- Guys, nerd is quite cool right now (the girl tried to persuade them)
- Cool? We are cool.
- Ok. No glasses (the girl said)
- Well, it sounds better now.
The vampires exchanged some < high five> to celebrate the no nerd look.
- how would the girls know we don’t drink blood anymore?
- You tube, darling. You tube
- I what?
- You tube
- I what? I tube?
- You don’t tube anything darling! You film yourself drinking 12 liters of garlic juice (100 % garlic juice) and upload it.
- Ooo, yes, sure, good, great. Truer that truth itself, fairer than fair…
- Still, (one vampire added) what if the police w’d think we want to foul a 14 years old woman?
- You go to the police station with 100 kilograms of garlic , make a juice out of them and drink it in front of the crowd you’d find there. They will upload you
- O, right… (he was thinking for like 20-30 seconds) after we beat the Aliens!
- Hurray! after we beat the Aliens!
The crowd of 110 vampires left shouting < after we beat the Aliens> all day long.
The Moon had a strange effect on the vampires.
Here they were: vegan, artists, ready to take on the most powerfull army of the whole milky way galaxy! How brave they were! So, it is not true that the best males are all gay. They are vampires.
*

The vampires were a very ancient race of beings.
Theirs first and most notorious encounter with the humans was on 4th of July 1947, in Roswell, New Mexico, United States of America. The vampires came in peace. As they were mistaken for a soviet spacecraft (the US government knew that the soviets already reached the Moon in 1937, 21nd of April) they were hit by a rocked fueled by an bomb, called the atomic bomb. As the US was a nation of imigrants, this was no great surprise. The news reached the media by the 8th of July 1947.

The original Us government document was recovered from a tunnel on the Moon:

//////date: 1947 July 4, 11:62:73                              canonical ID:10Roswell73_a
Original classification: CONFIDENTIAL
Handling restrictions- not assigned-
Executive order: -not assigned-
Tags: PGOV-Political affairs---government;
internal govern-mental affairs (intelligent life outside US)/ PHUM-Political affairs-human rights/PREL-political affairs- external political relations/
Enclosure: - not assigned—
Office origin: N/A or blank
Office action: - N/A or blank
From: Roswell
To: Washington, DC
Current classification: confidential
Current count: 2193
Location: text offline
Concepts: --vampires--
Type: MTE- mental telegram-
Archive status: - not assigned-

Markings: - not assigned-

Confidential section 01 of 02 Roswell 000073

SIPDIS

E:O: 12958: Decl: 4 of July 2193
TAGS: see up
Subject: President meets the aliens, confirms that vampires exist
Classified by: me
Reason: 1.4 (b), (d)
1.(c) Summary)
An alien ship approached our mighty country, we shitly sent it back from where it came.
We believed that the soviets attacked us, but a new and unknown race was inside. The last dying one of them said that theirs name was: “vampire”.
We urge our government to save our country and negotiate peace with them. We must say that it was a weather balloon. //////

Later on, as the US government wanted to cover up theirs mistake (and the fact that from that day on vampires started to bite humans- for revenge) the ET spacecraft cover up was launched.
A 2107 US government special report revealed the whole story to the world.
Vampires are as old as our galaxy, the Milky Way Galaxy. The great Bantiburius, the first vampire who ever existed lived at the center of our galaxy. At his death, 5 billion years ago (he lived for 4,9 billion years) all the vampire nebulae of our galaxy, the butterfly ones, the places were the vampires live (the vampires arranged them in this shape to remind of theirs wings), were aligned toward the inner part of our galaxy as an homage to the great Bantiburius. One quarter of all the vampires died as a result of the huge effort made. Vampires are found only in the Milky Way galaxy. They could not adapt to other galaxies in the universe.
Other people say that the vampire nebulae are butterfly arranged to warn any intruder “this is the place were vampires reside”.
The vampire nebulae are the most beautiful of them all.
Vampires are true poets. They came to the Earth attracted by the first nuclear experiments, as they feed on energy.
They were disappointed by the scarcity of food they found on Earth in July 1947.
The ever growing number of nuclear sites on Earth, made it a very popular holiday destination for the vampires. Some of them liked the Earth so much that they decided to stay.
Count Dräcula, the only Earthly vampire, soon become their leader. He was 500 old when the vampires first came to the Earth. They were very surprised to discover a vampire, and such great one, on that remote corner of the galaxy.
The word “vampire” comes from the old language of the Thracians and it means “energy lover” / “energy seeker” and is one of the few remaining words from that language. It was believed that many humans were vampires, during the last 5000 years, but no concrete proff was found.  Among the vampire candidates were the Greek Alexander the Great and the French Napoleon Bonaparte and the poet W. Shakespeare. Many people believed that their life achievements were so astonishing, that it could came only from the stars. Scholars still search for such heavenly descent.
Before he died, the Great Bantiburius launched towards all corners of the galaxy 15 devices meant to ensure the very survival of the Milky Way galaxy. They come in all simplest geometrical shapes. The quest for the 15 treasures of Bantiburius was the greatest quest in the history of our galaxy. Nobody knew what these 15 treasures really were. All the races of our galaxy fought unimaginable wars in all corners of the galaxy, for the last 6 billion years, but no one ever found one of the 15 treasures. Legends surrounded them, which grew as the millions of years passed away. 4 billion years after the death of Bantiburius, there were over 4 million legends surrounding them. A being who lived for 5 billion years must have left a truly incredible legacy.
*
It was after Julie come with a nice idea: an old boat,  17th century stile boat, for a water trip to the Dome des Invalides. They were forced to follow the wooden boat line marked by a greenish laser light on the water of the ocean
- I love when winds over the City blow
-  Such an idea: to make a City out of some sculptures...
…then: old Paris...
How much they loved it...
- 2000 years ago we w'd have taken  a cab 
- a bus
- or the metro
- now we take a boat
- a wooden one
It was surreal this to them: physical force to move a wooden boat and flyingships above their heads...
Once in a while, some boys stopped theirs flyingships above their boat and offered their help...
After many stops they reached the Dome des Invalides...they wanted to get there in the first hours of the morning ( to see the mist in front of it).
They traveled all night with the stars above, across the old Paris.
When the first ray of light come, the city was in mist.
The golden cupola of the Dome was all that could be seen through the mist; it was quite easy to believe that it was the sun.
*
That day come when our Count realised that he is without a higher education. When he read : " Our college is an equal opportunity employer and thereafter and therefor encourages applicants from such members of historically underrepresented groups..."... Dracula read it...and read it again. He, afterwards, started writing
< Dear Sir,
Your announcement made me extremely happy. It was a long time since such enlighting words come to my eyes. Yes! It is true, we, vampires are a very much underrepresented group in the US universities...yours " equaly represented for differnece " touched a string of my heart...>
The first thing the Head of the Comitee did when he ( or she?) read Dracula's job application was to call the police. 
.........
But Dracula had more luck when he applied for an Unesco job.
......
- wait.sorry 
- what?
- imposibile
- what?
- that's imposibile
- what's imposibile?
- you cannot work for us
- why? I just got the job
- someone proposed you for a World Heritage Site
- world heritage site? ??!!??Me?
- Yes!
- crazy people. So? What?
- ( with huge disappointment) we accepted you
- I know...I got the job
- No!no...I mean...We accepted you as a world heritage site 
- world heritage site? ? Me?
-True. You are the most famous cultural product of Mankind!
- o shit! And I needed the job
- what for?
*

The Aliens were a race which come to the Milky Way galaxy from far away.  One of the legends says that they came from the other side of the universe. Another of their legends says that they traveled through the center of the universe, and that the gravity force that holds together the universe was so strong there that the Alien ships used almost all of theirs power just to escape that gravity. The reason for their arrival in the Milky way galaxy is unknown. They are new to the galaxy, as they came just one billion years ago. Many suspected that the fame of the 15 treasures attracted them here. The search for these treasures risks to involve inhabitants of many more galaxies. If the Aliens come to our galaxy just for the treasures, or for some or one of them, it means that such treasure(s) are more then galaxy keeper(s). It may be that the Aliens lost their home, so that they went whenever they found some empty space, just as humans risk to lose theirs home, the Earth.

The Aliens first encounter with the humans was in Paris, which now is the beautiful capital of the Kingdom of Franks. Some even said that the floating administrative building, a copy of Brancusi’s Beginning of the World sculpture, with its Greek motif surrounding it, was actually made by the Aliens.
But we well know that all great human achievements have their legends. Take the great pyramids of Egypt, the greatest human civilization ever to flourish on Earth: how many legends did occur to explain them?
As we well remember it was in 1936 when the Aliens established theirs base under the city of Paris. The only entrance and the only exit was to and from the Church of Saint Mary of the Miracles. Some suspected that the vampires helped the soviets to reach the Moon as a counter measure.
As the night came, the Alien ships lifted from the channels of Paris. Locals believed that they were ghosts- so quick and so silent the Alien ships were. It looked as a fog appearred from and dissapeared into the channels of the city.
Ironically, some old chaps mistaken the fogy Alien ships for…vampires. Some even believed that there was a vampire invasion taking place in Paris! Funny old chaps…
The Aliens loved this confusion.
They made countless tunnels under the city of Paris. 20th century Toronto was nothing compared to the Alien underground city. It was a mirror of Paris: every house, every square, every cannel had an Alien underground part, which went down for hundreds and hundreds of meters. The Aliens loved the artistic finesse of the parisians.
From Paris they started theirs grip on planet Earth. Many news corporations were controlled by the Aliens, powerfull bankers were mere marionettes of the mighty Aliens: until they become what we know today.
The <A·> logo we see today on the Administrative building of Paris, just near the external elevator, is a sign of theirs metamorphose from the underworld of Paris to its sunrise and to its sunset. Many world leaders said that a state visit to the kingdom of Franks is a pure joy: when the flying machine, scissor –diamond like shaped gets closer to the Beginning of the World, the ray of light shining on buildings, the 2 external elevators going up and down, the beauty of the old city, the moment when the flying machine touches the water and it starts floating towards the entrance, all these and many other make the visit unforgettable.
The most beautiful thing of them all was the crystal clear waters of the channels, were fishes swam in all directions. The dolphins jumping from the Sene were a must for every tourist, the postcard of Paris and of the entire Kingdom.
*
Flying over the city of Bucharest, with one follow vampire, Count Dracula started the story of his life
- 700 years ago
- more or less
- more or less...I was a king. I did many things I am shamed of. You know the story from the history books. The most important thing in my life happened some 200 years ago, when,  I believe
- only 200 years?
- more or less 
- more or less. How did it happen?
- a girl.
- sure, a girl. Named? 
- a secret
The sun was just rising. A delicate light descended over the city like an invisible piece of silk
- I meet her first
- at Puma Punku! 
- at Puma Punku!!!Sure...sure...that' s in Romania, is it?
- Ya, in Romania...no, in...in...Bolivia....Bolivia...true...far
- faaar 
- far, just far away! So!When did you first seen her?
- near the river Dambovitza. Beautiful and sad, sexy and profound
*
Dracula was anxious to see the ceremony starting. Napoleon the 3rd was about to receive the Dracula Prize for peace. His diplomatical manouvers avoided the devastating war at the end. Napoleon the 3rd was extremly happy. <i will be on the same podium with Newton Darwin...>
It was rumored that the Dracula prize for literature will go to a sweedish named Nobel.
Just to find out, a few months later that Nobel refused the Dracula Prize for literature. He believed that his poetry was of quite poor quality. He loved his poems in Romanian, but nobody was reading them. A decade later, he got the Prize for peace and he was happy to get the money. And the Prize, some added.
Nobel first published his poems in Romanian as an ebook ( that would be on blue paper) on the remote city of Bistritza in the hearth of the kingdom of Dacia.
All the eastern Nations of europe loved them in spite of the fact that nobody understood theirs language, for they sounded like music. Nobel dreamed to be a member of the Orphic Order, but he was not accepted. Nobody today remembers the reason.
He should have writen them in Thracian,  I believe.
He them was to become an influential figure of orphic movement in Europe. Many museums around the world hold his  sculptures and his paintings with great pride.
He loved all sports, for he believed in the old dictum  < corpore sana in mens sana>(or something like this). He got about 99 gold medals.
But I found that ezagerated. Probably he got just 9.
And not all gold. Well, in 2000 years humans mix many things up.
Poets become kings and kings become poets.
As I was about to teach them a new method of encription, storage and transmission I got arested!
I think in the next 2000 years he will become a politician.
Napoleon the 3rd got closer. The Romanian minister gave him the Prize. He embraced her. And started his legendary speech.
<<
My Dear Humans,
From the dawn of History we fought many wars. Many inocents died for the obsession of glory of a few who did not even dare to get in the front line or worst hid behind an army of obeying spies.
Now,  when man and woman are equal, when we do not say anymore "mankind", but "Humanity",when we look at the stars not to find a paradise, but to understand that Earth is the only Paradise open to us, as long as we understand that we are all brothers,  for we are all equals, for we are all free.
We are equals in freedom and we are free to be brothers and sisters.
And from Fraternity Peace comes.
>>
With the Prize in his left hand he left the scene in great modesty.
*
This text presented here , bearing some innapropriate graphemes, is said by some drink humans to be a logical tool Count Dracula presented at World Peace Conference near the sacred mountain of Australia at an indeterminare time in history. I think it comes from the future. Humans really  believe in time travel and base many of theirs decission on this phantasy.I could take a photo in a museum, when the curator didnt pay any attention.

*

Many humans wondered what happened to Dräcula in the last 2700 years of his life. Normal people, living a normal life have normal needs and normal dreams. Some want to get a blond female in the bed, other will go for curly black haired ones. Some woman will want a poor intellectual, others a rich and unrefined, and so on. The accomplishment of any such dreams will mean: happiness.
What would make Dräcula happy?
Well, he traveled the world and his magical ability to take any shape allowed him to incarnate any prince he wanted. It was known that powerful humans have as many look-alikes as possible. Count Dräcula took advantage of it.
Count Dracula  was also a friend of d' Artagnan. Many of those who fought the 3 muscheteers noticed that they were actualy 5.
His beauty, his delicate manners and his countless money made him amazingly popular with woman. That’s why it is suspected that the Count has more than 5 million ears. But I am sure that the number is greater.
The <Cinderella> story was inspired by an historical event in the life of Count Dräcula.
On 14th of February 1712, at a royal party, a poor girl dressed the dress of a Princess (a naïf girly play) and made a bet that she can enter the party without anyone noticing that she was no princess. She said to all of hers friends that humans don’t look at faces, but at bodies. How true this is. The body, naked or dressed is the true human obsession. If it is naked, it should look according to that time’s beauty standards. If it is dressed, it should follow the fashion, whatever that fashion might be.
Cinderella was right (her name was Mary): no one realized that she was not the Princess people expected her to be. This is where Count Dräcula felt in love with her. She lost her shoe, Count Dräcula searched for her, but, actually, he never found her.
She was too afraid to come out and say that she lent the dress of such a powerfull Princess (the Princess was a shitty one, bad girl).
It was not Dräcula’s most powerfull love, as some speculated. He, soon after (about 10 years (quite nothing to him)) forgot her. Amor omnibus idem.
Certainly, fairy tales should have happy endings…
Women obsession with shoes is due to this Dräcula’s love affair.
Every woman wants to be that Cinderella, to be loved by a Prince, beautifull and powerfull.
When the French Revolution came, Count Dräcula could not impersonate a Prince any more. He actually was in France, having dinner with king Louis the Last, when the revolution started.
Some revolutionaries remember a flying object taking off from the roof of the Royal Palace when the revolutionaries got in. It was Dräcula.
When the vampires came to the Earth at the begginning of the 20th century, Count Dräcula could become himself. He secretly produced many US movies, to help the humans accept him.
Count Dräcula doesn’t like bad publicity, but the vampires advised him that bad publicity is better that no publicity.
* * * * *
This is the second journal 
( text missing)
# # # # #
Year 5 billion and one.The sun in white. All heat comes from nuclear sites.All humans are genetically modified by theirs parents according to fashion. Humanity is governed by Plato's "Politeia". There are the thruth seekers, the defenders of the life and the consumers-workers.

# # # # #
THE adventures of Tikibucubum

Tikibucubum was one of the first humans free of any genetical desease. He was beautiful and clever, gentle and human. Many of his troubles started from this combination.
It took him some time to clean his name for. For one of the persons he once had dinner with, gelous as he was.He believed that his wife had a story with Tikibucubum so that the only way out, to him www calomny
 The greater the gelousy  the greater the calomny                        
 Tikibucubum when he was a child loved to play quitar. He had around four girl friends as a child, constantly,at any time. Since a child his quitar songs were much loved                        
- boy, you made a mistake when you come here
That how he was greetead by the gelous one.                        
 Tikibucubum smiled gently. He was a good christian. And he was in love with a girl of his age and his status                        
 Tikibucubum had a nightmare. The gelous went to his mother in the middle of the night:
- mother! I am affeaid of this Tikibucubum. I accused him of being many things. What shall I do?? I Must invent something to put him in jail and get rid of him                        
Lets put a survailange camera near his window                        
And you must say that he tried to get into the house ad robb you                        
 No,                        
Actually say that he did it already.are there fingerprints in the house?                        
- Sure.He once was here                        
 - He s finished.That s the proof that he did it                        
 - did what?                        
- get in and took all your money
- you took my money. I told you to let me something my son
- You must say he 
took all your money.remember?                        
 - He? Who?                         -
-Tikibucubum                        
 -When?                        
 - what shall we say? Yesterday?                        
Tomorrow.better say that he did it tomorrow.
-He already did it?                        
 - He will do it.
- will? Sure                        
The policeman got in
- Madame, did you call us?
- I?
-Yes, my mother called you.somebody robed her 
- it is passed middnight. I suppose that it happened now
- Tomorrow
- Tomorrow? ? It DID happened tomorrow??
- no, no, I mean we wanted to call you tomorrow                        
 - Now,  He tried to get in. I stopped him. He run away
- where is he now?                        
- sleeping
-sleeping?
- don t you hear him?
-... Ya, sure. I hear him
- He goes to the toiley in the middle of the night
- Madame, Sir, anybody does what she/ he wants in his house                        
-that is the proof that he is not sleeping during the night                        
- sure. One cannot sleep and go to the toilet. Did you call me for this in the middle of the night? ? We have serious things to do                        
Real dangers come to hit our country. We do not have enough people to face this problem                        - So you call us for this? ?                        
What kind of patriot you are??                        
- No, no, I mean he took all hers money
- When? 
- Tomorrow 
- Tomorrow???
- No,no,now ****
At this point Tikibucubum woke up from his nightmare                        
 < text missing>
the dog : let me tell you a story to cheer you up. Some great policeman once as they were boored traiing to save theirs country from disaster told this short story ( one to the other, somehow)
<<Dracula portrait was made by Govaer Flint in a winter in Amsterdam as he was having a beer with Molaner or something like this ( its difificukt name).some guy who were supposed to keep it wel sold in in London for a few bucks 
The actual portrait is a fake while the real one is lost forever 
It is said that from time to time the ghost of the portrait ( it has such) can be seen around the  museums of our galaxy. I had personally the chance to see him moving, talking ,loving. But I was stupid enough not to understand to apreciate this rare honour that I had.
A real night mare would be this :
- I will get him a haircut and got him as a monk.
( who was talking?)He tries to send an email.oh...he cannot...so stupid ideas he has!oh..he heard me ad he' answering me.he's an avenger....
"Firar al dracu cu trandafirul lui!..">>
The dream was over but he wasnt sure who made this dream.
I have heard also of the < Dracula Affair>
- the legendary < Dracula Affair> when he was portraied in any way just to ruin his great plan to change and save the world.
- yes, the Dracula Affair


*

Another Alien secret base was near one of the Great Gate, which was a glass pyramid of the size of the Great Pyramid, 10 km near.
From that position, the Aliens could easily follow all debates which took place inside the Great Gate, when it gathered there every 15 years. When in the begginning of the 21th century it was discovered that the Great Pyramid was a cosmic gate, which used microwave energy beam to pinpoint the position of the Earth, the Great Pyramid returned to its original purpose. By 2100 the arid desert become a lavish forest and savanna due to countless channels.
Giza plateau was the Gate to the Earth for all ships coming from all corners of the Milky way galaxy. In the 12,5 years when it didn’t host the Great Gate, the glass pyramid was the transit gate for all Earth visitors. He who controls the Gate controls the Earth, the Aliens believed.
*
Certainly, the rebelion had its counterpart. The Dracula faction responded with a < media > campaign.
In front of a book store, full of Dracula books ( he wrote 1000 books) one of the most obeying "dolphins"  had a symposium
- dear, fellow vampires ( full of importance )Our great master, Count Dracula, was such a great artist, such a great spirit: dignity, honesty, humbleness, all were his atributes. ..a true Genius
- ARE! ARE! Not were!
- true. How true it is.
The greatest poet of all times. 
-The greatest sculptor of all times.  
- The greatest architect of all times.  
- The greatest thinker of all times.  
- The greatest lider of all times.  
- The greatest of the greatest!
- The greatest human ever 
- ( sss )( with a discret voice) he ' s a vampire, not a human
- ( in between themselves) oo , I see, that's why he' better then any one else 
- Sure!  How else? !
- ( to all) He LOVES vampires! And he' s the most courageous leader in the world
*
The place the vampires loved most was the tunel under the frenchbritish chanell. They resided thre for the longest perioud of time at their disposal. The sound of the sea above was great music to their ears. They loved to know that earth and sea protectd them from that envy of many  beings above. The waves, the smell, the sound , the colours, the whales and dolphins: they were their friends.
 Dracula, as everybody around the globe knows has a home in the Bing Bang.The Bing Bang  is an old tower near the ancient seat of the british parliament. From time to time tourists could spot, nearby the small window closed to the old watch, someone saying < hello and wellcome to London> and “some strange sounds in an unknown language”
“” soricel soricel
 Sa te{… }in {… }nintel””
*
Humans inhabited Antarctica before the Aliens arrival.

- She 's hot
- hotty hot!!
- Hi, miss are u free this evening?
- who ' s asking mister?
- O, me, I owe this!
- You owe the Bing Bang? Dont tell me that u r Dracula.
- Me? No way. I am John
- Nice to meet you John. I am Johna.
- you are mocking me, arent you?
-No. Its not my style. Where do you wanna take me this evening
- To...Antarctica! 
- I always wanted to go there. Always a poor girl, how to go?
- listen,  no joke: I aint poor. If you want...one day...
- What? Do not tell me that you want to take me to the south pole? !
By 3 o clock in the morning, after many north pole friendly exchanges,  he visited hers south pole. Actualy it was more her visiting him. It was about the same time, when in Australia,Marrian was walking along the sea side. The sun was about to rise and Marrian www about to see the love of hers life. But she didnt know it. How could she? There he was: going out of the water like a james bond girl. She stoped by quite not believeing it. Sun rise and him. " how did I get here?" It was a offer from Melbourne to that southern sea side. How else could have been? She pretended she was a poet admiring nothing but the sea, the sun. He smiled " o ya you all do the same" was answering him with his eyes. He was one of the most beautiful males ever to walk the surface of the Earth. She noticed it. " sure. You are unique" was she answering and not talking. So she passed by looking at the sun ( and dreamimg a son ).After 15 minutes of quite poor quality poetry from her and some quality surfing from him, she got to ask him:
- I was always wondering how the sun looks like when you turn around on your surf 
- you mean: me in the water on a wave and a turn left or right and a second of a sun that I may see
- Yes . That second. That emotion
- Its unique any time; there is something constant there any time: the sun. But that second always reminds you of the time that passes and does never return
You fell powerful and weak, confident and stressed, happy and anxious...

To make it short: it all ended with a classical love by the sea. How else could have ended??
A week later Markus called her:
- have you ever been to London?
- No.
- I got to film there a spot . Would you come with me?
- Sure

A week later there they were trying to spot Dracula in the Bing Bang...
when she, while looking for Dracula, didnt see another couple doing simmilar scientific research, and hit him with hers left shoulder in his left shoulder
- Sorry I was looking for Dracula
- Sorry, we were doing the same
- haha 
-haha
- did you spot him?
- No. Did you? 
- I had the feeling I ve seen something
-YOU  spoted Dracula!?! 
- Not sure. He is quite shy,  you know...
- He is quite famous for this
- Anoyingly famous for this
- Listen. I want, actually,  we want to appologise...can we invite you for a drink?
- why not?
- yes,  why not?
- There is a pub just across the Thames. It opened yesterday: it is called Antarctida.
It was there that John and Johna told them of theirs short trip to the real Antarctida.
And there that she could touch John's  foot.
A week later John went with Markusa to Antarctica. They both won a scholarship on the Dacia.
But, contradictory to any expactation they didnt start with a love story. Both were daily talking to his, hers beloved side.
- Note: 21st of July, year 3282, Antarctida.
The sea level...are you writting?
- Sure
- Good John. The sea level rises alarmingly day by day. We suppose that the new chemical compound that must produce both algae and at the same time signal to the whales the food that's about to come, does the opposite. It seems that the algae are killed  and an unortodox signal is released into the ocean.
We would conclude that the logical path of the compund was wrongly designed, that this robotic chemical should not be any more transported here. We are lucky it cannot replicate by itself, that it does not imitate a living organism yet.  It it shows signs of agresivity reminescent of the last millenia and a self- centreness simmilar to those groups that put theirs interests above the interests of a humanity or even above the interests of a nation.
This new chemical compound was supposed to be like us: generous and peaceful. How could a robot become autonomous to the level of changing its own reson d etre??
Markusa looked into the eyes of John.
- you see John. Now,  I fell like this compound. I want to go the other way: I want to kiss you. Strange feelings this robot rises into my soul.
- I had this feeling long time ago when you touched my foot there.
But lets ignore both
- you are right. Lets go back to the camp. Its dying cold outside.
- It's Antarctica.
- It' s Antarctida…
actually
Back at the camp she restarted the converstion
- what do you think it want wrong
- maybe the logic itself is faultly. It does not do the things it is believed it does
- and if nothing is wrong with the logic?
- did we reach the point when chemical combinatorics bring novelty into the world? Real novelty? A robot which has a will?
A will to do the wrong even if no profit gains from such an enterprise? That,  or who??,the wrong for the sake of wrong? What would that be?
- or just an accident?
- or shall we ask on the nature of the wrong?
- wrong is defined by raport to a set of do-s. That  and that and that when done are good. A group decides  somehow the lists of the good do-s. Some smaller groups do the not do-s for ist own  benefit.
- and we have the wrong as done against any set of do-s.
- To other beings outside of our solar sistem the extinction of life may be of some kind of a profit
- life in itself is the greatest good there is
To save the life in itself is the greatest must for all and any ( living ) being
It was first in Antarctida that ecology could start. When peace here was reach it set an example for all future peace-sm
- we all know this. So lets return to this chemical robot. What went wrong and where and why?
- Tomorrow. I'm just too tired today.
From her bed she felt asleep wondering at the stars she could see    shining on the glass of the roof. A cold wind moved the snow from there to there.
A lifeless blueish- white beauty
"She walks in beauty like the night of cloudless climes and starry skies…"
Singing this antique song to herself she felt asleep.
Next morning on that white infinity of clear blue he come knocking at her door. 
- get it. I am not naked.
- what if an ET race spied on us, saw us what we were doing and put a fake compund nearby our own compound?
- You ve seen to many antique movies
Seat. Have a coffe. Hopefully you will get better ideas afterwards.
Do you really believe that an ET race wants the extinction of life on Earth? 
- why not? Planets that can be lived on arent that many...I know,I know they somehow must be like us
- magnetism is the key to life. If Earth magnetic shield is bearable to them...
- a worker colony shall we become?
- oh, ya,  that s another possibility
- dont u think that before going on with this ET shit we should...
- the nature of life... Who do you think we are, here, in this emptiness, the 2 of us, alone, to grasp the nature of life?
- why not? Its a quiet so perfect place for studies. We can access all info we need on the origins and development of life
- that s true
- lets go outside to watch the whales. It s nice a wather
- minus 10... So nice indeed
- -
He started to gaze at hers ansonishing green eyes
- She walks in beauty like the nights of cloudless climes and starry skies and all that s best of dark and bright meet in her aspect and her eyes
- I love this antique poem
- Me too;  This Dracula was such a poet. Can I kiss you
- You may my Poet
- Hope noone will see us
- Noone is not here
-!!
-!!
- where did you hide up to now? Youre so rafined so funny
- I didnt know poetry has such an impact on woman...true...I thank all poets of all time and all races and all languages.
Trully I thank them
This poem...exactly on this day www written 
- one week ago 
-  the Time has stopped when I first saw this Paradise that's in your eyes
1468 years ago more...exactly…
By that second the  ice broke and a huge whale, 10 times the original size went out into the air, about half of the size
- oaaa 
- what the ...is this???
We arent in a desert...no vision...no??
- wait...no! That s real!!
- goodness...holy heavens...what did you bring us? what  were you taken us to?
The whale went out even more. It was about one third out when it crashed onto the ice. The ice broke. The breaking ice reached them. She found herself into the water. A second later she found him closed to her. He took the resque kit from the pocket. A few seconds later they were on safe ground.
The whale want down and seemd gone when it returned. This time the back of the whale went out. It stood for 30 seconds in the air just to return to deeper blues.
- so scared...
- and happy...shall I say it? 
- say it, say it
35 meters away, to the north-east , the ice broke and another whale went out. It seemd to look for something ( they had this feeling) then, left the scene.
 She embraced him: 
- hy,  what s that? The giant whales meeting ground?
He looked left right right left.
- if it was not for them..would you have embraced me?
She smiled discretely.
- it was a good excuse…
- is it you that have the key to the infinity pool?
- sure. I am the senior researcher.
- lets go there. 
23 minutes later they were in the lab infinity pool. It was made of two pieces of glass united by a metal arch made of silver. It designed a quarter glass Moon on the ice, 100 meters in lenght.
Per 20 meters.
- thus mellowe' d to that tender light which heaven to gaudy days denies. one shade the more , one day the less had half impair'd the nameless grace.
She kissed him on the lips. 
- I should thank this Dracula for this gentle poem…
He was a true great man
- it was your idea to add some fishes and some corals to this pool, wasnt it?
- it come to my mind in London...near the Bing Bang 
- near...oh...
- yes..

And she kissed him again on the lips.
- Tomorrow you take me to Mount Vinson
Just on top of it the unusual infinity pool was waiting for them. Like a half Moon,  100×20 meters, same glass, same silver, same corals.
After all scientific research was done, of wind and air, of ice and soil they enjoyed the pool
Then,  from top of Mount Vinson,  they descended on sketeboards.
While in the pool he keept on saying:
- which waves in every raven tress or softly lightens o'er her face where thoughts serenly sweet express
how pure how dear their dwelling-place
When the descent was over, they were tired. The small flying ship was waiting for them:
- I told you that it works. You did not believe me.
- true.  the ship didnt get lost in this white infinity of blue!
-hahi...
She smiled misteriously. The smile reminded him of the squised half moon, 45 degrees pending
*
The ice age

In the year 704000 Earth returned to its natural state: the Ice Age.
Somehow, for some reasons unknown yet  ( scholars across the Milky way galaxy debate the reasons) all oceans  were covered in ice while the land around stood the same. Seasons passed by as they used to! and the oceans were of ice.
Many assumed that the end of the world came ( they meant: of the Earth...),that life will end there, that love will not flower and stars will not shine. The ice age lasted for 100 years, 1 month, 1 day and 1 hours...!Trully unbelieveble.
During that age, 37 winter olympics were held...on the oceans. The pacific ocean held the most of them, as the name itself calls for peace, love, harmony.                        
Legal trade was done on ice, with the wind doing the ancient job it did millenia ago. Cigaretes were smuggled under the ice as well as love balloons that keept sex diseases and unwanted kid at bay.                        
The strangest fenomenon of all was the increase in the brown bears on ice, with a social scheme copied from that of the wolfs...pirates and wolf- bears were the masters of the ice oceans...better call it jungle. An new western age of discovery was on ice while on solid earth...it was the year 704000. Due to this strange phenomenon Earth was the must among all holiday destinations from all neigbourn galaxies.                        
After 50 years and 15 days from the beginning of this Ice Age , vulcan Tambora erupted again. It lasted for 100 days with no influence on the ice  of the oceans. It is still considered the greatest mistery of planetary geology. Some hypotised that the black hole created near Genf about 2000 years ago must be the cause of this amazing mistery. Well,the same black hole was said to have caused the Waterloo, the election of the 45th US president,  the first human flight done in Paris ,the invention of writing in Thracia,the first couple outside the solar sistem and of many more fabulous events in the history of the human race.                        
I dont think we can trust black holes any more. Not to say that its very name is somehow racist. In fact, they are dark blue.                        
So very strangely from the Atlantic Ocean an ice land opened from the Gates of Hercule, all the way along the middle of the Mediteranean sea to the Black Sea. That 11 meters large ice land, impossible to break  ( some said its not ice it looks ice )divided the sea  and it reached the romanian lands, by the Danube. Danube itself got ice all over it and so the Dambovitza did.                        
In the church of Saint Anton a priest lit candles to a hero                        
**
- come Tikibucubum. I will take you to a trip around the world, said the dog to him
- I love trains!
- no no I will take you to a special one
- no old trains?
-neither flying ones...but...the wind shall take us on the ice, the skate on wooden ships
- nice!
- we start in London. Hopefully we ll reach Newfoundland by morning                        
At Guernsey a double sunset said hello. The redish ice seemd another sky.
- thank you dogy! Tikibucubum embraced the dog.                        
Then they started the adventure. 
The wind moved the stars and then the ship.
10 to 20 km off the Guernsey the first in many wolf- bears attack came.                        
He run back to the shore. Luckly, the wind was strong, the wind was fair. And once on land, dogy advised him:
- To the forest
The brown bears were so used to the ice that they lost their hunting skills on land.
Tikibucubum took the dog to the top of the highest tree. He could then, as he expected, be 'ware of all those ships and pirates and bears like wolfs.
- oo, ohh...How shall we pass? I aint no wizard I cant do magic...How shall we pass? ? How shall we pass...?
The dog looked in the distance.
- I know how we will pass.
3 seconds later he started to sing, so loud so strong that all the bears around the island came by.
- Bears brothers of mine, I will tell you the story the song the legend of   dog who once like wolf he was...                        
A dozen bears stoped in wonder.
- So bears as I said, you listen and you understand.                        
But the bears didnot understand him.                        
They found it borring, so no wait, and then they left.                        
Tikibucubum and his little friend went off the tree and to the boat they run. It was so freezing on the ice!                        
When they approached the Ilha das Flores,  in the middle of the Atlantic ocean! it  was sunshine on the island,  some humans enjoyed the pools,  some ETs were live selfieing with their home planet ( noboby believed them back home )...                        
( the ruin of Callebaut' s Dragonfly was the only proof they had)                        
The real attraction of the island was the Gaudi Hotel, newly completed ( on 720 meters hight ),all covered in white glass. On sunrise , on sunset it looks sureal. On daylight- the ice on island .                        
- now,  we'll be two spidermans, the dog said
- exactly?  what would that be?
- we' ll get the climbing glowes and climbing shoes, we'll walk on glass as if we walk on moon 
- haha                        
At 40 meters they saved on old ET lady from robbery. At 60, had dinner with a president ( from the planet <missing text>), at 80 he finally got the autograph of a poet's neigbourn, at 100 saw the sunset and slept a night.                        
200: he felt in love; and half the way: he stopped.                        
- dogy,  I take the elevator to the top,he said, by morning, to the dog
- it is ok. You' ve done the most, it's half, that's true...you've done enough.                        
On top of Gaudi Hotel such marvel there it was! The white infinity of ice , like garden of some apple trees, whose flowers white, whose flowers bright into a cherry tree like garden slowly evolved.
- once, a powerful king there was. Just and clever, happy and young.
During the night, when storm unseen arrived, two ghosts he saw                        
The ghost of glory, the ghost of modesty                        
The world was closed to end                        
With modesty he could have gave a fight to end the end that close, too close it was.                        
- he wanted glory?
-glory he loved, the dog sadly affirmed                        
- what did the ghost of glory said to him?
- "your name across all eons will survive".  The ghost of modesty told him that names survive as long as time there is. When man is gone,so time it is.                        
- When man is gone no time there is...so sad...                        
you know...                        
- he didnt know                        
that modesty must reign in our hearts                        
The stars slowly embraced the ice like cherry trees.
In the gulf of New York the beautiful museum of universal love designed by Niemeyer and Courbusier ( proposed as such in 2014 (a saint confirms ))
- it s so beautiful from the river...
- it is...
- it looks as a flying dynosaur is waiting on the museum
- where?
- haha...the clouds the, the light make this phantastic ilusion...it is so real,still
Bigger than the building itself...look!now it opens the wings.... the mist is gone...
The girls smiled one to each other, they went south to the land of most fair.
That was made millenia ago near the land of the eternal ice, same call Antarctica.                        
There, all man and woman that were fair, of all the races, of all the ages a country made.                        
From Argentina to Australia the first of many wonders were made.                        
It hosted all the incredibile architectural projects designed in the first 30 years of the 3rd millenia.                        
Was the beggining in the golden age of architecture, matched only by the golden age of painting, in those low countries. 4 million paintings of the age (around) went to that country,                        
which they called                        
Rustraligentin                        
But before they visited Rustraligentin the dog took him to discover the misteries of Antarctica.                        
The magnificent buildings were left behind as the wind took them to the center of the 7th continent                        
They were counting the stars.
- how many there are?
- the exact number of all the stars that ever existed and that are is a quarter of a trilion of 44 quatralions and 79.
- I do not think we can count all of them right now...
- hopefuly tomorrow we will, and he smiled                        
Right then the wooden boat felt down into a whole                        
A descent.                        
Fast.                        
Dangerous.                        
Pillars with some sort of light on top, a sort of rugby ball of
 light on an luminescent pillar on each side of the road that took them to the centre of the Earth. A constant 45 degree descent on a hidden mountain. The speed reached almost 370 km per hour at a certain point.                        
Trees of ice of the left side while on the right side a river of snow and ice, frozen yet liquid water,descended fouriously with them.                        
And then they stopped. A huge cave of about 2000                        
cubic meters and in front of them the most incredibile spectacle they could dream of: the iron  melting core of the Earth coverd in a moving transparent membrane that keept the heat away.                        
After a few second,pure joy and fear, they felt asleep. In the dream they entered the melting core and walked as if the iron was of pure air and to the other side of Earth they got.                        
But when they woke up from the dream surprise there was...the centre of the Earth behind it was.                        
They passed somehow the melting iron core of Earth.                        
A wind started to blow and took the ship upwards. Two rivers of ice on each side of that road that took them to the light of the sun.                        
After some time the ship stopped in an old tunel. 
- come, the dog told him
After half an hour a door they found. It opened in one of the metro stations of Newfoundland.                        
From Newfoundland the sound speed train took them just under the 7th Tokyo pyramid at La Gironde on the other side of the Atlantic Ocean, near an old Frank city named Bordeaux.                        
After 2 days of rest they started on the ice again to the Cape Town.                        
But when they got to the Gates of Hercule a wind, stronger than any wind, of any huricane, took them to the left into the Mediteranean sea on the 10 meters large ice. Soon the speed was more than 900 km/hour.                        
It keept the momentum as it entered the Black sea. It slowed down when it got close to the Danube and it went up to the Dambovitza at 600 km/hour.                        
When they got to the ruins of the city of Bucharest                        
Right in the centre, on the right side, an old monastery and an antique bizantine song could be heard in the sunset. On the other side of the river he could grasp the countur of a building made of mirrors. Tikibucubum did not understand when the ice ended and the building started. Just in front of it a huge white Flying Cook of Brancusi, that had the high of the mirror building, seemd made of the same ice that covered the entire city.                        
To the right side of the river, on the white infinity of ice Tikibucubum could grasp the countur of a...he did not know what it was. He turned the wooden boat to the right. The wind was very weak.  Slowly, they approached that it. It was the ruin of a building simmilar to those of ancient Paris. On the ice, closed to it, some letters, half a meter in diameter,  went off the ice. A "t" was half buried in the ice; it followed an "h" almost covered in ice;"a" was horizontal to the ice. Tikibucubum went around the ruins 2 or 3 times. On the back of the ruin he noticed some other letters, put one on top of the others. They stopped the boat and went off .                        
Tikibucubum tried to moved them, but all was coverd in ice. He went to the right.                        
And believed he could see an " e". On top of it an "n". Just near the wall of the ruin, deep into the ice, there seemd to be another "e". On the left side, as one looks to the ruin, an 3 quarters of an "m" went off the ice and glittered into the evening sun. An " u" was right behind it. After a dozen of seconds, Tikibucubum believed that the letters made a name : Atheneum.                        
They returned to the wooden boat. It did not moved at all: there was no wind. They spent the night in the boat closed to that ruin.                        
When the first rays of light touched the face of Tikibucubum he felt the boat moving. He went on the deck. There,                        
about 100 meters near the ruin of the Atheneum he could see another ruin. The mist that covered the ice land one day before, made it invisible to the human eye. The boat stopped in front of it and it hit a wall. The ruin shaked and seemd to fall.                        
10 minutes later they got in. A huge hall with no roof. They went down to the scene. It was also frozen. In the middle of the scene the remains of an antique violin. 24 centimeters to the right there was the shape of a book covered by ice. All that could be read was: " Creang". Tikibucubum turned towards the invisible spectators. A blue sky endowed the ruin made of ice with a floating roof.                        
They went off.                        
He remembered that by the end of the second millenia, simmilar buildings, called modernist, were made in the city of Bucharest.                        
They were in between the 2 ruins when a hat flew from the Atheneum to the modernist ruin. Tikibucubum watched it: the dance it made into the air, up, down,up,down,dawn remainded him of                        
a pigeon                        
a fake one                        
.The hat felt down about in the middle of the two  ruins.                        
The the wind took it to the open theatre and it felt down on the book.                        
The dog run for it, but when he got that close that he could have had it, he retired a few meters as if the hat was some sort of living thing, dangerous or evil.                        
Then, the dog retired completely and run outside.                        
Tikibucubum didnot follow him inside.The dog went out of the ruin and jumped onto the boat.                        
An extremely powerful wind lifted the boat into the air up to about 300 meters. It keept them there and it took them back to the Gates of Hercule.                        
Back to the Gates of Hercule a rare, never experienced before sunset welcomed them. As night felt upon the ice, they gradually went to the land of all dreams. The dog had his dogy dream, while Tikibucubum dreamed that he had traveled 3 times to Japan.
First, a tornado like wind lifted them from the Gates of Hercule over the entire land of EurAsia . They have seen people doing selfies near the Sagrada Familia, others bathing in the Bay of the Artist on Cote d'Azur, others skying in Switzerland and Austria. Hungarians and others makeing plum wodka in Budcaprest, then they followed the ancient transiberian train line; at one point went to the Silk road, over the Himalayas to the Middle Kingdom and down the river to Shanghai. They flew then to the Island of Japan over the route of wooden boats, millenia ago. And once in Edo the boat survived a storm to be rewarded with a sight they never could of. Two painters side by side with names of Hiroshige and Hokusai.                        
They turned to see the boat descending from the skyes.                        
- we have to paint a wedding.
- whom of?
- he would be good. The one descending from the skyes.
They looked at Tikibucubum and then they asked him:
- a wife you have or not?
- single                        
- you have to marry in Japan
-I would love to. But, to say the truth, the truthest truth, I always dreamed a girl.
- She 's Japanesee we hope
- She is of course. I'm not much worth of her. She is too good, too beautiful, too kind. She w'd excuse all those mistakes that I have made
- what is your name?                        
-me? Tikibucubum I am
- We like your name. We have to paint a marriage today.                        
- We care not much of all  mistakes you said  you made.
- why? I feel profoundly that I'm not good to her
- you are, you are. It's good you feel you owe her an apology. You would excuse to her quite every day.
The painters smiled.
-  Just come. We take thee now to see your love.
- So...is she in love with me? How come? She doesnt know of me.
- She will                        
- She will, you will                        
Then, Tikibucubum woke up from his dream. To his left he saw that lady he dreamed of. A kimono, of unspoken beauty,  was near themselves. He kiss'd her gently for she was naked. They were on the last floor of a sky skraper in the middle of a village like those painted by Hiroshige and Hokusai.                        
He wond'red if he was dreaming it or not.                        
Darjeeling wine                        
was Tikibucubum favourite drink. He invented it when he went to La Gironde                        
He was on the shores of the frozen ocean and hoped to have a tea. A Darjeeling.
                        
He got a hot Bordeaux.                        
First, he saw the mix: cold tea cold wine.                        
Then, he let the tea stay in the wine. A week or two. But some w' d want a month or two.                        
But before production started  Sir Mircea invited Tikibucubum to do an all health check up                        
First,  He said , you must do a mental one: tea and wine??                        
Ruin them both, boy! Wake up!                        
My ancestors first producem wine in Thracia. Those who                        
wanted the distruction of Orpheus ad his followers of universal love                        
said that wine was produced and exported by the Order of Orpheus illegaly.                        
While, the second group of enemies said that Orpheus drinks more that 3-4 liters of wine at once on a daily base. That is not true! Orpheus anounced Christ his Love of all humans and he did not use wine more that necessarly!                                
So, why do you wannna distroy the wine? Do you envy its great taste??                        
But Tikibucubum was tired and went to bed.                        
So, Sir Mircea continued alone: so Orpheus was not a cigarete smugler over the border ( then, there were no borders by that time)                        
Then, Tikibucubum started to run and to scream:" Help!Help!"                        
He was taken to a mental hospital were it is said that he believes to be Napoleon ( maybe the 2nd) and beaten from time to time to prevent him to become Napoleon the 3rd...                        
His house becomed the museum of... Napoleon the 2nd; before the house itself, with all the chairs inside went to the Hell were he meet those of Eugene Ionesco. His manuscripts got lost forever.                        
Some said that, in fact, Tikibucubum escaped to Japan, got married and have 2 or 3 kids there. He took a comercial flight to Tokio with a fake pasport provided by Sir Mircea. For a few months he wasted his time in the city. Since one day, when his car got in troubles with the light on the front right side. He was fixing it when he lifted his head to look at the sun. At a window, a delicately beautiful lady was looking to him. He had the impression that she liked him, too. He loved her at first sight. He did not know who to tell her this.                        
He was too shy.                        
He asked Sir Mircea to write her a poem and send it to her. Sir Mircea reponded that he is watching football he he doesnt write poetry anymore.                        
Still, he secretly sent a poem to her and said: this boy loves you so much and knows not how to say it. You are to him like a flower of a cherry tree, like the moon  on old Edo<...>                        
<... ... ... ...>
Tikibucubum started to kiss her. His tongue moved delicately inside her mouth. She took it gently and started to caress it with her own one. His hands slowly embraced that beauty <...>                        
<... ... ... ...>
He was kissing her shoulders <...>                        
-It' s cold in your room.12 degrees celsius on the thermometer. Embrace me with your kiss, with your arms, with your love...
The wind moved the water of the lake which the moon was looking into and preparing for the kiss of the first rays of light.
He waisted no time                        
Probably the thermometer showed the desired temperature some moments later.                        
She let the kimono to fall on the floor.                        
A lantern lit from the left while from the back the moon light touched her.                        
- Come,she said                        
with a tear escapeing from hers right eye            
She took his hand and put it on hers mistery. Tikibucubum felt the soft, silky skin and in seconds he saw the hours to come. Then, hers hand went to his one.  From the window some gentle sounds entered the room. One or two peaches were falling on the ground. They stopped to listen. He went to hers. Scent of roses and peach flowers. The moon light kissed hers delicate breasts,and he followed the moon till morning.            
*                        
The most surprising thing in my journey to the Earth happened when I visited Bucharest. One come to me and said that my boss would be happy to know this. That "this" is a kind of                        
personal journal or log writen on paper. I do not know if I was mistaken for someone else or not. We'll never know it. From the context I judge that it belongs to a girl, maybe 17 years of age.                        
There was a booknote at pages 2016-2017. The text found there ( the journal got lost in Buc...Bud...ar...ap...est...I dont get the name well...                        
) has a title ( kind of) " The lesson"                        
"" in an ancient lyceum, on the northen coast of...a woman professor discussed this:
- now, let's talk about the <Dracula affair>
-which one?there are two?
-the small one
-ya,but I think that's the most important issue of the world
-explain yourself, asked the professor                        
The young girl ( she was 17 ) responded:
-western powers aserted that they w'd return to the Old Mighty Greece: there they say is all truth of Humanity . Actualy Mankind, they said ( bastards!she said to herself).But,when law is not done well you need one to interpret if it was borken and one to judge if the first apreciates well if there is some broken stuff                        
-double check,true                        
-we do not need it...Just make the law well. So, Dracula was right: All members of a parliament must graduate in law. If I drive a car on a road, with no driving license I must go to jail,right? Powerful politicians knew this, so they mingled in other's affairs.                        
-how?
-general prosecutor,corupted. Judge,corupted.So you control the country. Western democracy, they said...Ha! What a joke.Anyone who wanted to rise to the stars
-to the stars?
-it is a way of saying tgings:                        
wanted to rise to some power could easly be stoped. Good laws do not need double check.                        
When law is perfectly done we do not need prosecutors and judges. The old PC will tell you when justice must be done                        
- do not you think that you exagerate?We need a check. The first, at least. We cannot spy on people, any second of theirs life to see if they supposedly break any law. One check,prosecutor. No judge.
- yes, I believe you are right                        
-I am of course. We search for the truth.
- just. The prosecutor w'd introduce the facts into the PC and that will say Yes/No/Undecided
-Good idea. True,false,undecided. Like in any good 3-valued logic.
- You are surpriseingly great for your age. I am proud I could have been your teacher.                        
(( I believe that this lesson is the reason why the human legal system is much better then ours. I propose that we also adopt it))                        
( If other races across the univers adopt the Human legal system before us ( we are the first to know of it...I believe...I hope )...what would they say??                        
That we aint fair??                        
That we aint fair?                        
We are.The most. The most!)                        
I allow myself the luxury and say that this most advanced legal system which Humans have in place still can be improved. We do not need such sophisticated Logics! The prosecutor introduces the facts into the PC and there must be only 2 answers: yes/not enough. I also propose that a prosecutor who introduces into the PC facts and gets 10 "not enough" in a raw must be fired. The state cannot afford to pay incompetent prosecutors.                        
Many said that my trip to the Earth is useless, that I spend public money on trips to this remote galaxy.                        
But Humans have two incredibile stories to tell to the universe : the most fair legal system and love (  with and by peace and respect). There fore my trip was not useless. I dare to say that these public funds were best spent ever.
*
Next, unwanted and unexpected, the ship went off the gravity of the Earth. After many days or many years it reached the Planet. That planet made only of ghosts. All those fallen souls made out a planet.                        
Walking on it was walking on ghostly souls. Drilling on it was drilling some ghostly souls.                        
Menace and smell of fear;stronger than any smell felt before. The ship was not on it, it was in it, like bodies entering a water.                        
Ugliest music was theirs voices. The ghosts promising them eternal unhappiness not worth of any detail, for words can speak only of those things we have seen.                        
They went from one side to the other. Menace. Few seconds later it was a huge piece of ice. In an instant it melted to become fire of plasma.                        
A random model governed the metamorphoses of the souls: minus 1000 celsius then plus 1000 celsius then just 10-20. It was now fire, now ice, now empty space filled with sphapes.                        
Then, airy fallen ghosts for a few days.                        
Then, just ugliest words of a language ne'er spoken before.                        
When in the Planet he experienced the vision of all beginnings.                        
The universe was an irregular sphere of some meters in diametre traveling on an infinite river of all the chemicals. Tikibucubum and his dog sat on it. When the univers started to expand ingulfing all elements he and his little friend watched the begginings of everything there is. In a few hours the billenia passed away. Tikibucubum found himself older by a few years.                        
Then,some beings of light come from the nowhere and started to reunite that something into stars                        
When the vision ended, they heard the voices of all those ghosts, at once, as one:
- when the world come into life, all beings that were about to come were endowed with the will to do the good.
We didnt want it.
That was our will.                        
Tikibucubum and his dog found themselves,  afterwards, out of the Planet, onto the waves of stars.                        
*                        
- we shall return to that mirror building, the dog said
Tikibucubum moved the ship and went were the dog told him. Near the Flying Cook they stopped. Tikibucubum looked upwards. Then to its image in the mirror. To him, it seemd that there were two. He looked again to the giant statue . The ice was far from melting. They got close to the mirror. The entire building was coverd by a huge glass cube, two sides missing, bottom and top. Tikibucubum and the dog looked onto the mirror and went around, looking to themselves and doing all crazy stupid gesture one could do in front of a mirror. When they arrived in front of the wastern side...
- dogy! We becomed flowers!
When he looked again he saw that the whole of the western side had a half garden half forest in between the mirror and the glass. Somehow, misteriously, the plants survives the  winter.                        
The cold become unbearable. Tikibucubum took the dog under his coat.
- Dogy, I see in fact one tree. In front of it: a tulip; in front of it: a rose.
- a forest or a tree, a garden or a flower... a small miracle is as great as greater ones                        
...say thanks to God...you take me now inside...it's cold...                        
*                        
After he excused to her for a while, a long while,Tikibucubum had that vision of beauty many said was the most influential since the dawn of the second millenia of Humanity: he saw a floor of red marble, the last floor in the middle of the white clouds. A 5 meter statue (made of the purest gold...) of Madamoisele Pogany sat under a roof of glass with an oculus in the middle. It was a 2013-4 meters invisible Hotel America by Gaudi who hosted that vision of love.                        
Some ironicaly said that Tikibucubum was never able to excuse to her                        
that all they did was to play hockey on the bay near Tokyo...and he even lost to her!                        
While others said that after he lost to her he understood the meaning of the fallacy of progress: it says that we will never know if there it is and if there is when we will reach the end of all advance of science. Before ecologism many assumed that we may, in infinitum,progress; finally to understand that there might be an end to all "discoveries", that nothing else may be "invented".                        
When the ship got closed to the Earth, Tikibucubum encountered 7 angeles of light ( first documeted by the soviet cosmonauts from Soiuz 7 on 12.07.701984).
Tikibucubum, scared, tried to avoid them. Somehow, the 7 Angels got in front of them:
- Take great care of the wonderful garden you humans have, they said in one voice pointing to the Earth.
It is the only one we have for you.
*
When all politics was done, some of them remained in front of  the book store
- this was not to be . Do you remember when he helped the old lady?
-   Yes! And the old man!
True, how true it is. I remember...also...of the kid, the one suffering of cancer
- how much humanity can he show!
- oo, and the poor family living outside, in the winter...at - 20 celsius...
- he helped them , too 
- what a generous being he is!
At that point a group of rebels got closer
- Dracula! Dawn with him!
- hahahahahaha
- that was not to be
*

While on Earth, long before the battle, Dräcula was tired of all those photo journalists waiting in front of his house.
When he had to study to get his driving license and had to stay indoor for one month, all these photo journalists believed he was nut. Some even suggested to take him to a mental hospital!
Many of Count Dräcula love affairs ended because of an image taken by a brave photo journalist.
Count Dräcula hoped that if he changes city things w’d be different. Well, he was wrong again: his fame arrived before he even set foot in the new city. The photo journalists were waiting for him.
- good lord!, exclaimed the Count Dräcula annoyed. These photo journalists are terrible; I had enough of them!, continued the Count
- it doesn’t matter, darling (one of his girlfriends said); let them live: they have families, kids, mortgage, like anybody else
- Good lord!, exclaimed the Count again. I had more than enough…-
- Count! please smile”
- Count Dräcula! Here!
- Dräcula! Here!
- here, please, Count Dräcula!
- greatest and most gorgeous vampire! here! One smile for me!
He smiled to all these crazy photo journalists and entered the house.
He took the phone and called the President of the United States of America:
- dear President!
- Count Dräcula! What an honor!
- My Dear President! I need a favor
- Say my Count! Anything for you!
- I need a law to outlaw all photo journalists!
- My Dear Count! That’s impossible!
- Impossible? Nothing is impossible for the President of the United States of America!
- No, no, wrong! The right to take photos, the right to...right...
- what right my President??? I can’t exit my house without having a guy shouting at me< Dräcula!>
- My dear friend! Didn’t you write your own song?
- Ya, ya. I didn’t imagine that photo journalists will be invented! It must be the Aliens …. ya! the Aliens! ok, by my friend!> and the Count ended the conversation without any explanation. The President remained puzzled.
"

movement of windmill
thus, the seconds of my life
are passing away

                              "
...
*

Bored again some vampires started the binoculars olympics: who can make the best binoculars. The winer told the story of the object s-he saw. That's one of them:

When in 3016 the Franks were conquered by the americans (as revenge for the mexican affair) the statue of liberty was sent back to Paris. A tv station from Romania bought it to make beer cans for Mars. The called it freedom beer but went out of bussines quite soon. The cans were bought by the african museum of european art; unfortunately one third was lost for good: that's why today it looks as a greek artefact of old days. The verfarloi from the gama quarter of epsalon galaxy got it as a gift from the president of United Africa and it proudly guards the entrance to the milky way museum of abstract art

So forth and so done a mason's art was to become abstract
*
That's another one:

New Chilia District Central becomed the administrative centre of the Great Dacia ( many scitians joined in ) for the first 2000 years after the independence day. The kingdom was run by Queen Eternal for the first 50 years; it was she who proposed to move the administrative centre of the Great Dacia to the geographical centre of the young kingdom. That's why it is high in the mountains, easly reached by all flying ships. The Tower of the Floating Observatories, hosting the main administrative building, sat close to the ancient dacian sculpture of the Sphinx. On the first floor: the robots that counted the votes of the first participative democracy since the days of Athens. On the second: the legislative comitee proposing laws accepted or rejected, instantly,by the  citizens, with a touch on the identity card.
*
- He did it
- did it he?
- yes
- lord!...wait...wait! He ' s still alive 
- He has 3 lives. He 's Dracula!  What would you expect of?
- what happened ?
- they kissed each other
- kiss?
- just kiss, he went wondering in the night... Then...wait.I do not remember the story well...it's an old story ,you know...
- I know...so?
-aaa, yes! She sms-ed him...and...he didnt answered...
- oh, I see. She  assumed that he was with another one
- Sure. That's how she was doing things, some people said
- so they said? 
- so they said 
- so, she assumed that he does things the way she does?
- true...
- he tried many things to convince her he didnt do anything that night
- did she believed him?
- in a way yes...but...
- but?
- she had 2 friends. Both started to lie to her 
- bastards 
- it s a long story...complicated. The guy fucked her
- did he? Bastard
- he lied to her that the Count fucked hers best friend
- sucker! 
- true...and hers best friend told her that the Count is dating another woman
- bitch! 
- true
- poor guy. I already see the tragedy
- That 's nothing. They passed by many things. But he could not forget that she fucked the guy. So he dumped her
- oo...shit!
- yes. She commited suicide
- and he followed!
- what a story...sad one
- a tragedy. Mad one
- why did the guy do all this shit?
- political revenge. Masonic way.
- the dark side of it
- the dark side of it. The light one is well gone
- oh...Lord...!
*

Before the Aliens arrived, many other ET races came to the Earth; all come with one and only one mission and all of them experienced with life. The dinosaurs went extinct because one race of ET wanted to replace them with something more advanced. Probably this race came from our irmq<< text missing, added by me Sergeant Fenix>>…galaxy. Mars was the base for all earth expeditions. The wars on Earth were first fought on Mars. When Mars lost its magnetism, it lost its water, too. When it lost its water, it lost its atmosphere, too.
At that point, may ET races abandoned theirs interest for the Earth.
Slowly, the cosmic radiation reduced to dust any trace of a building. Everything that was ever built on Mars become dust, red dust. When humans first arrived on Mars they wrongly assumed that nobody was ever there. Mars was the laboratory for all life experiments on Earth. Life on Earth was truly at its own when Mars was abandoned by all the ET races. One day, the heat detectors left on Mars by some ETs recorded more heat over London then normally. When the information reached the ETs, theirs interest in Earth affairs was back again. By that time, mid-19th century human time, the Aliens become the most powerfull of all ET races.
A ship was sent to the Earth by the United Alien Government. But the story goes differently. An Aliens secret organization called the Order of the Knights of Mars already reached Earth by << missing text>>.
On 14 of April 1561, over Tokyo, a japanesee city,  two separate factions of the Order of the Knights of Mars fought a deadly battle. One faction wanted to betray the Order and to inform the Supreme Council of the Aliens on the developments of the human race. The Order of the Knights of Mars wanted to use the Earth as a secret base, where they could have developed weapons powerfull enough to take on the Supreme Council of the Aliens and gain supreme power amongst the Aliens.
The battle started as the sun raised over Japan. The separate faction of the Order lost one ship in the gulf of Yokohama. They flew towards China were some guards on the Great Wall spotted them. It was there that the separate faction hit one ship which felt into the Gobi Desert.
All ships continued to fly towards the Indian Ocean, were most causalities occurred.
The chase, were roles changed quickly, changing from hunter to hunted and the other way around, continued over Antarctica and up again over the Atlantic till it reached the japanesee city of Tokyo ( called Edo in ancient times) where the battle ranged in full daylight to the amazement of all its inhabitants. As all ships went towards the 10000meters they annihilated each other. Debris of these ships felt over all of Japan. Many japanesee artefacts of that period contained a strange alloy of metals, to the surprise of the foreign buyers. Such an item is in the New York museum of technology, European section.
*

When the girls entered the Church of Saint Anton, a metaphysical silence embraced them, like an invisible force. Nearby the Altar, some Saturn like signs, in gold, glittered in the light.
When the 12 o’clock came, a bell was heard. The light of the sun came down on the bright Saturn, the light was reflected on a painting of King Vlad the Impeler.
Julie and Carla were gazing at the portrait when they noticed that the hand of the peoples in the painting go more or less the same way as the hands in (missing text), and the last person’s finger was pointing outside the painting to the opposite wall. Carla wanted to follow the direction: a small icon of Saint Luke seemed to be at the end of the imaginary road. Carla had the idea to lift it
- leave it!
- No, wait
- Leave it there! You are not supp..
- No, wait. There’s something there. It is. I know. I know it is.
There was. Like a small entry into the wall, 5 cm deep, with a small hole on its right part, 1 cm in diameter. Carla put a finger inside and a small door opened. Carla tried to put hers hand inside, but she couldn’t. Julie had a smaller hand. The hole was deep, 30 cm inside. Julie felt something; she grabs it and took it out. It seemed to be a scroll, a small box and a ring with a reddish stone on it. A great D was readable behind the stone, with a Drago head. The scroll was fragile. Julie opened it. Half of it seemed lost for good, not readable at all, the other seemed to be a story, in Latin. It seems to be the story of the Guild of Saint Luke and of its involvement in the wars of Vlad the Impeler. The girls didn’t understand its function:
- why here?
- Strange, this church is still here
- Untouched. As if the city is still alive
- A ghost city with a living orthodox church
- Christianity is older that we believed
- It came from Orpheus
- Maybe we were meant to be here… and to find this
- Meant? I do not believe in < to be meant to for something>; just can’t take these ideas
- Now, I see why the Sultan didn’t trust Rembrandt
- He might have suspected him. His spies told him of the Guild of Saint Luke
- Probably, he believed that the bridge Rembrandt wanted to build in Constantinopolis renamed Istanbul w’d help the Cristian troops to pass the Bosphorus easier and conquer all his land
- Probably the best idea in the world
- Haha
- So, Rembrandt and Wermeer were great friends and brave soldiers, too.
- It reads so here. They must have been
- And the legend of them hating each other?
- Fake. In those times peoples might have been, say…surprised
- Surprised…haha
- Hahaha
- So catholics and ortodoxs loved each other
- Can we date this scroll?
- It is 2015 AD, almost 2000 years ago
- So? 2015 AD, who wrote it?
- A member of the Guild of Saint Luke?
- Who said this??? I must have heard it yesterday… somewhere… whatever (one voice said from the garden of the Church).
The girls run to the garden. There was nobody there.
The girls were puzzled. What to make of that scroll? How to interpret it? How to read it?
*
Near the priori of Christchurch there is a glass cube which imitates,  in shape and scale, the ceilings from a gotic age. It covers an old Norman house, where many Norman, and later English kings,stood at least for one night.
The floor of that ruin, covered by grass, is the floor of an elevator. That is the place where the Alien generals hold theirs utmost secret meetings. Before they arrive, foog is created around the old Norman city.
The small artificial river, a few meters large, that flows nearby the Norman House, was taken to the depth of almost 20   meters. The Aliens meet under the house and a glass window let the river be seen from the room. The foog, the artificial foog the Aliens create anytime they meet there, does not allow any view into the underground room.
There, the most important decisions were taken. The greatest general in comand had a direct water tunel leading from the Norman House to the frenchbritish channel.
Just under the beach in front of the old Norman city, an entrance, almost 200 meters large and 40 meters in hight, alowed the Aliens ships that entered the water some towsand meters away, to reach the secret base found deep under that Norman city.
The ruin of the Norman house was said to host an art gallery. From time to time, impresionist painting could be seen hanging on the walls. Some Frank paintings made on the british soil were the delight of all visitors. It is said that the whole of the british island host under it an huge Alien base. But I believe it is just a story. Some say a legend.
What was real out of all these legends was that 2  Aliens ships were anchored in the bay under the cliffs that stood in front of the Norman city, to the sea 8 sky scrapers of the high of 500 meters, each at the distance of 100 meters one from the other stood there in the middle of the sea, some 50 meters into the water, at the end of the 8 piers that went into the frenchbritish channelm
They were of glass on the 2 sides faceing the water and of concrete on the other 2 sides. Haiku and other forms of poetry were engraved in the concrete so that anyone that took a stroll by the sea side could read them, while walking.
The Aliens sold them to the humans for  good money. From each skyscraper, a huge ring, 21 meters in diametre, helped the Alien ships to get anchored in an old fashioned way. These Alien flying ships were an old model, not in use anymore.But none knew it. These were called the flats by the flying ships. The floating flying ships were about 70 meters in diametre. They were round,while the sky scrapers were of 90 degree angles.
The bay was constantly covered in foog. It was the depth of the foog that changed from time to time.
The Aliens did dig a huge tunel under the entire british island, up to Inverness. The reason was unclear. It is said that the entire Earth is full of such Alien tunels. I find it plain nonsense, for I've seen none.
It is also said that the Aliens built the olympic stadium for the 2742 ( or 3476) olympiad on the Island of Japan. That 90 degrees  white greek marble marvel, of utmost simplicity outside, 4 facades made of 4 huge pieces of white marble, while the inside of the stadium follows the irregular shapes of hills and mountains, as still designs an invisible classical oval inside of a stadium, with natural wooden seats moving front- back to follow the action on the pitch, with the 3 irregular rings (of masive bronze, silver and gold, from bottom to the top) enriching the whole white marble interior of the stadium, with the roof  that continues  the 90 degrees and one piece of white marble rule to the extreme. It may be so, but I do not know. Probably humans did it themselves.
The missing anti rain and snow cover of the roof is no proof of Alien involvment.
When I will get to Inverness I will try and describe the exit of the tunel.
Probably is all foogy. Got tired of it.
But I love the view from the pitch on a clear day: the one meter gold ring that encircles the entire stadium seems to flow into the blue sky.
" thus shell after shell
this beach is built upon by
the sound of the sea

To love the future
You first must love the trees and
Wait for them to grow

you love the future
and thus you love the trees
and wait for them to grow

you love the future 
and thus you love the trees and 
wait for them to grow

on clear days, you 
make from trees white paper to
write on them of love"
I found this written on an ancient piece of paper. I do not know who wrote it.
By the sea.

*
One day, that day come. The day when Count Dracula got bored on the moon. Who could believe it ?? Explained it?
" what  do humans when they got bored??"
He looked to the Earth
- Realy,  what they do?
Oo < text missing>
He mentaly loged on.
< surprise!  Humans are still online!>
What a nice surprise was to him! He felt alone,  abandoned, sad...in a few days he saw all the 800 billion profiles of the humans...
< astonishing how may feelings fit in such a small planet...>< hy,  let see if anyone dares to use my name>
- shit! bastards!my name!
Then he noticed some cool girly girls of the name: Contessa Dracula, Contessina Dracula...
< o, nice...so...I give them a like you... < text missing> you....
< they respond so quickly >
He started to chat 
-  Hy,  I am on the Moon
- haha,  me too 
- < they do not believe me> he said to himself
I will send you a srguk
- sure,  take
- you want live?
- sure 
- live from the Moon 
- hy,  who told you how to do this
- this what?
- this fake image of the Moon, live. It s cool. I want it too
- its real
- sure
- its REAL I say 
- sure and I am staying on the Sun
- you do not believe me?
- How come? Do you think I am stupid. Ok you like jokes. I love them...o, I see...that ' s a long joke.haha 
- listen...can we meet?
- sure. Now? 
- Yes.  I 'll be there in 5 minutes
- Ok. See  you in front of my house
Five minutes later our Count was there kissing her deeply. Their son is named Count Dracula junior.
*

- I loved him so much, said Julie, while she burst into tears
- And he? Did he?
- he did…and so very much he did…
He didn’t know that Julie loved him. He believed that she was in love with some other one.
They first meet in a disco; she was very drunk, maybe she smoked something, maybe not (she was to drunk to remember it ) it was a kind of a one night stand, which prolonged week after week and month after month. Julie got jealous, delivered him a pay back so that they got separated. He assumed that the pay back was real, that she really loved that guy that she used as a tool to get revenge on him.
For a while, a long one, he didn’t look for her. In the beginning, she assumed that he got into a relation with someone else. For years and years she waited for him, long nights, single nights, nights of pain and despair.
After 2 years, she begun to imagine theirs daughter. She started to see her alive, moving around her bed, talking to her.
So many times she wanted to commit suicide. Hope kept her alive. Hope of a bright day, of simple happiness.
During those long years he had a few stories. All not happy ending.
One day, when by accident they meet, one thought occurred to him: I love her. He believed that theirs story was over, that no memory of that love was in his soul. He believed to be in love with some other girl, not sure which one…
That day she was annoyed: she could not believe that this man could not see her incredible beauty. He saw it, but he saw it so well, that he did not dare to say it.  Years passed by, a spring, a summer, another spring, another summer, a winter, an autumn, whose leaves felt upon theirs love.
Her nights become longer and longer.
When he decided to look for her, to see her again, her beauty was fading away. He was surprised that she liked him. When that day, that day when he understood that she loves him, came, she become the dream of his life.
At that moment, the son of the devil got in between them. Words, false words, ugly words were put in front of theirs pure love. He believed all the falsities that were said of her.
Despair was the last word I would choose to describe what she felt. The day when she decided to end all hers sufferings she understood that to close all the possibilities of the future is wrong.
- that day I understood that to close the future is the worst thing we can do
- your suffering made you wise
- and I thought, why shall I sacrifice my future for a past that did not love me?
- < a past that did not love you?>
- yes, the time, I mean. That period of my life did not love me. And love we all search for, for love can happiness to all us bring. So joy, despair and pain and glory, they all to happiness together bow
- so time a being to you is
- It is. That being we all- always-fear. It comes to us as if we are in jungle, searched for by angry predators, which want to devour all our feelings; we live in the past sometimes, but work as if we in the future live. We buy a car, tomorrow, we work to get a house, a child, a holiday in space. They all are in the future, aren’t they?
 - They are, indeed.
- so, the future is a most, the most important predator to us. Its prey we are. But hunters once we were, when we first walked a day under the sun, this sun we see today. So time our prey it must become. The future waits for us, for we are coming.
- hey, Julie, a warrior you just become
- a warrior of peace
… …
and happiness
- <let it go> are the wisest words on earth
- how come Julie?
- you see, Carla, if something wrong comes to you, like a person which you do not want to see, but you have to, you do not have to give an answer to it. That wrong thing would rise emotions into your soul like a huge wave, sometimes a tsunami or a hurricane. Don’t let it stay in your soul, let it go.
- this will put some order into the chaos which reins over your soul
- some hundred years ago humans understood that they cannot close the doors of  the future
- the eco move, I know of it
- sure, many legends surround it
- of poets, philosophers which gave a fight for it; and have to tell the humans that all religions can stay in peace, that no God would want the end of the Earth, that this beautiful garden that we have in this vast and empty ⁠⁠⁠starry ocean must be looked for, cherished, defended
- so, if they understood that the future can be I can understand that the future must be
- true Julie
- and if we let the human nature go the way it wants, if to our liberty we do not put a limit, the others that will come after we go will have a lesser freedom than we had. A religion, whichever one teaches as a limit, gives us a sense of a common Good, of the fact that we owe the others something (so the others owe us the same), and that we all owe this Earth a kiss, a hug, a poem.
Carla took the scroll of the Order of Orphaeus.
- so, you think that the purpose of the Order is the common Good of humanity?
- sacrifice for the Good
*

After that fun ended, the vampires found everything borring. One of them intercepted a human spaceship going to Mars. On telie, down on Earth, it was said that cosmic pirates hijacked the Apollo 2122 ship.
- go to Europa we go!
- Can’t go to Earth, stupid!
- Not Earth, stupid, Europa!
- Europa is on Mars, you stupid? It’s on Earth, stupid.
- Not that Europa. The big one. The planet.
- Oo! Ice on Jupiter. Love it! love it. Great friend, you aren’t stupid. On the contradictory, you clever. How did you get this nice idea?
- There were sky jets on Apollo 2122. What a better place for sky jetting that Europa?
- O! ooo! the view of Jupiter is magnificent
- Since what I well intend; I’ll don’t before I speak
- So you will sky jet before you sky jet
- Leave it, you’re too drunk
- So drunk of love. Is it but this? A tardiness in nature which often leaves the…
- Oo, again, the poet is drinking some love
- You call me drunk?
- I call you foul
- You call me foul, boy?
- All the other titles you have given away: that you were born with
- Stop it you there! We go to Mercury!
- Why don’t we go to Saturn?
- Full of humans! They work 20 years on Earth for 1 hour near Saturn! Even make kids there! < I was born on Saturn. I am special!> Sure you are, dear. Sure you are. Every year a new fashion:
< the beaches of Saturn> or
< the Saturn’s winter resort> (just for ½ hour…!), or
< life came from Saturn>
- the hell with them. Go to Europa!
In a few minutes, the vampires were on Europa sky jetting. I envy these vampires … so lucky they are…
In the meanwhile, Count Dräcula decided to pepper his love with some poetry, draculean stile

“your ass makes me think
at Ufo,
yours lips
at a spring,
yours eyes are better
then the night’s soft sound
on teli,
your smile…
I wouldn’t exchange it
for a trip to Maldives,
when you kiss me
galaxies full of UFO’s appearr,
probably you are cooler than an alien girl,
but darling
this new poetry
isn’t yours,
by far
you’re an illusion
more inaccessible
than a holiday in space
(on one of those UFO’s
that might not even exist),
you were like a wind
at the end of the summer,
like a song
at sunrise,
like a poor student’s sunset
by the seaside,
you were
(when you were young)
a wonder
of evolution
in a world
which faces extinction,
now
your love
is
like a beach
full of small sharp stones,
like a polluted
city,
like an apple filled with pesticides

Every now and then Count Dräcula stopped to look at the Earth. By the “wonder of evolution” a tear dropped from his eyes.
In the meantime, his fellow pals had the fun of their life on Jupiter’s Europa.
After a few days Count Dräcula went on sculpture. He forged a 24 karat gold piece into a 35 cm/5 cm kind of a 20th century sport car, no wheels, with the back identical to the front, like a flattened car, with the height half of the height of the wheels. Two holes in the middle, asymmetrical, hosting two empty bottles of white beer. He called it < dream of a man>
The same quantity of 24 karat gold was forged into a 20th century american movie UFO. A Louis Vuitton bag, sat in the empty space Count Dräcula prepared for it. He called it < dream of a woman>. The < dream of a man> had some engravings on it, 1 mm deep; the < dream of a woman> was perfectly polished: the logo of the bag was more than enough. They both stood on a 1-meter glass pedestal.
Both of them ended in the Louis Vuitton museum in Paris. The ears of the Louis Vuitton museum in Paris bought them for 10 million pounds each.
Well, we are sure that Count Dräcula was betrayed by a woman which loved bags with a man which loved beer. Quite common these days. But, most likely (some say), the Count tried to gain for his Art the essence of humanity. At least, of a part of it.
The legend of theirs encounter (Count Dräcula and the ears of Louis Vuitton) goes like this:
- how much would these cost us?
- The gold costed me: 9.999.998 pounds, the beers: 1 pound each, the bag: 10000 pounds. Double the price of the materials, as it is a work of art
- That will make it 20.010.000 pounds
- Well, the bag is a gift for your beautiful wife
- So kind of you
- My pleasure. I hope they will become the balm of your age.
*

By midnight, after the 12 gongs were heard, Carla felt a strange presence. She switched on the light. Nothing in the room. She went to the windows: the view from the Flying Turtle was bespoken. She keept on looking to the lights of Chilia  City. She felt like something touched her of the shoulders. She turned. Nothing. She assumed that her muscles were tired after these crazy jumps she did- all day long- from the Flying Cook. < the muscles contracted and relaxed; contracted and relaxed>, she said to herself. She looked at the glass of the window, which was the external wall of the room. She turned suddenly. < something is there!> she shouted to herself, as she turned.
A rush of fear and amazement: an old Lao Zi stood in front of her. She was petrified. The ghost moved slowly towards her. She felt cornered: no escape.
- Carla
She stopped.
- I must tell you something.
Julie waked up: she could hear Carla’s scream. She heard Carla talking to an old man, Lao Zi like looking, but she could not understand well: she was half asleep. The two continued to talk; as Julie slowly waked up she could hear them more and more:
- If it happens, open it
- The Sphere?
- Yes


Julie was completely awake. She wanted to get off the bed when the old man just dissapeared. Julie could see Carla: she was white as a ghost, horrified.
- what was that?
- I will tell you
- Tell me!
- Not now. I can’t
- Why?
- I can’t tell you why. Wait. When time will come I’ll let you know.

One day, when they visited the 1000meters Hotel America by Gaudi Carla told her. A cloud came by and covered the whole floor. Carla turned towards Julie.
- now I will tell you
- Tell me what?
- Of Lao Zi
- the old ghost in the room
- yes, the ghost in the Flying Turtle
Carla took Julie to the S-E corner. As she spoke, Julie got paler and paler, whiter and whiter. All that the other visitors could hear was a < really?>, < true> which Julie address to Carla and the <yes>
Julie looked towards the Bird in Space
- open? You said?
- open, Carla confirmed looking at the Bird in Space
*

The girls entered the ruins of the Atheneum. When they were about to leave the city was covered in a kind of winter, a solar eclipse got there when it shouldn't have
- let's go, quickly. Julie said very scared
- stay. It's just bad weather
- no, have a feeling
- you always have a feeling
- not this time
A very beautiful woman came closer. A ray of light came through the clouds in front of the lady. And then the girls saw her: a being made of air, a ghost
- Don't run. Stay. Please. 
The girls looked around horrified.
Julie dared to ask 
- who are you...if you ask us to stay? 
- I am Veronica
The girls were about to ask when the ghost spoke again
- Veronica Micle. I loved the poet which was killed here. And I killed myself afterwards.
The girls wanted to ask when a second presence was felt. It came directly from the ghost of Veronica. He turned towards her and kissed her. Then he turned back towards the girls
- I am Mihail Eminescu. I died here 2300 years ago killed by some masons. 
To the lure and to the sure 
Come to me it will adore 
Pain and lust and joy and sorrow
With the dawn will rise tomorrow
- what's he saying? 
-I don't understand either
He turned towards Veronica and kissed her. Embraced as they were they vanished.
The storm got stronger, trees flew into the air. One wall of the ruin broke into pieces
*

The vampires didn’t like the lunar water from its south pole. It tasted horrible. They needed some dacian spring water; and a barbeque
- barbeque on Mercury_
- why not?
- If the Count asks why did we go there: scientific research
- Sure, we needed to know how we really feels in Antarctica
- 270 degrees Fahrenheit. Right?
- Right
- They got there, on the cold side of the planet.
The vampires ventured to the point where the sun always heats up everything. Long sticks, specially produced for bbqueing on Mercury.
- I like the sun from this point
- Yesss, so so sunny
- The true sun is visible
- Indeed. The true one
- it seems the core of the earth...
-what's the name of that norvegian who saved the earth 300 years ago?
- Nobel
-o ya, he advised small hilina slumps
The vampires had special sun glasses, mercurial style. Even their special eyes could not hold the UV. They camped there, on the shadow-sun border of Mercury. A camp fire, all sitting around it, some gazing at the sun and bbqueing, others singing camp songs, such as < when I was on Mercury>; the most popular was < mercurial love>.
- some centuries ago a movie about a "virgin lizard" inspired the twin hit and don't run
- again these movies !!
- didn't I tell you? I don't like these human movies...they make fun of us! They used to be nice
- let’s go back. I don’t like it here
- shut up! We’ll send you to the hell of Venus. Don’t disturb us anymore
- not Venus. Not Venus. I don’t like its water!  It smells!
- It’s very hot there you know.
- I know, I know. Please don’t send me there. I know Earth will become Venus, but…
- Ok, ok, you don’t like Venus
- Shut up! we have to go back. Soon, the Count will notice we run far away
- Quickly, yes, let’s go. Farewell mercurial bbq!
*

The return trip from Mercury was about humans exploring the space
- did you know how much it took for the first human team to reach << text missing>>?
- 1 month
- Ha ha
- 1 year
- Ha ha
- 2 years?!?!?
- Ha!
- Then? Common! Say it!
- Tweennntty years
- Twwweeennnnttttyyy years?
- 24
- Gash, what did they do for 24 years?
- Love
- Love?
- A lot of kids I suppose
- They didn’t like kids. No kids, plus many xxx movies
- Many?
- For the whole trip. So they didn’t get mad
- Very clever of them. Primitives (24!!! Hahaha! years), but clever
- Trouble spelled around Saturn
- How? She got pregnant?
- No? the DVD broke
- DVD?
- 21st century device which played the movie
- Oo. What did they do then?
- Love. But not that good. From Earth they were told how to fix it. It took them 1 month…or 2…or 3…I don’t know for sure
- Poor humans. No movies. How borring.
- When they returned, they were very happy. They said it was the best half century of their life
- How long did they live? 300 years?
- No, just 110
- Oo
- They wanted to return, but they didn’t bride the Committee. So, stood on Earth, unhappy
- I fell so sorry for them
- Ya, me too.
*

100 years after he helped the French Revolution, Count Dräcula took part in the second Impressionist exhibition in Paris. Unfortunately, somebody recognized him and the exhibition was a failure. One even said, falsely, that the Count went off the exhibition and bit one pedestrian on Rue le Pelettier. That’s completely untrue. The Count didn’t bite anyone that day.

After this impressionist exhibition, legend has it that a Prince drew the notorious Love Art.
The Code says:

(1) all man and women are equal
(2) all man and women are equal in love
(3) it is necessary that (2) is obeyed, because an imbalance may require more effort on one part. More effort equals more nutrients, which is not ecological
(4) woman need not have many clothes. To have many: it is not ecological.
(5) Man and woman must watch the same TV program at the same time (for football and films). More TV sets switched on at the same time: it is not ecological
(6) If one part desires to impose its TV schedule on the other part, s/he must love the suffering part for the same amount of time s/he imposes the TV schedule


When the world first saw this Manifesto there were some things they didn’t quite understand; par example, the word “football”. The words “TV”, “ecological” were completely foreign to them. It was 1880, no TV invented, no damaged planet, no ecology. The Prince said that madness in great ones must not unwatched go. Woman responded that they will wait for the light of Lumiere…
(3) and (4) made woman hate ecology. Man protested to (6) saying that football is a national treasure. Woman replied that they are lazy.
Woman were not much found of (4). The word “ecological” was a mystery. < why shall we use few clothes because of a new word? “eco-logical” = the science of eco? Of echo? What has “echo” to do with clothes??? This Prince is mad>, they concluded. For one century or more the European woman imposed theirs fashion on the planet, which- not ecologically- changed every year.
Football become increasingly popular after the 2nd world war. Woman suspected that sport is a kind of war preparation on the part of man, which- because of their physical superiority- were supposed to protect the woman and the child. So, war hormones were considered responsible for this sporty obsession. Woman launched < do sex no war> by the ‘970, but when flat and colored TV sets invaded the Earth at the begginning of the 2nd millennium the picture was grey: the number of gay people was on the rise (some women were quoted saying that the best males are gay), the greatest fashion designers were all gay, man were crazy about football, which become the most popular sport of the humans. Some woman, in protest, decided to become lesbian, but, annoyingly, they discovered that this was the dream of man!
At this point, women understood the genius of the Love Art, and The Prince become their greatest idol. Points (5) and (6) balanced everything. Woman were amazed that The Prince could anticipate as early as 1880 the grey begginning of the millennium…football become so popular that made the most powerfull politician on Earth lose elections: it was by 2038, during a world cup(!) when he decided to take man at war: strangely enough, no man was interested. Everybody watched football. A chap called Leo Messi was their greatest idol. It may be said that that little dignified man saved the world. But Count Dracula didn’t like the Love Art, he liked Miley Cyrus.
*

Carla took the scroll; it read: The Guild of Saint Luke known as the Order of Orpheus
Founders: Orpheus and Eurydice
Year: 600 before the birth of our Savior
Location:
Doctrine: universal love
Members: Mo zi, Our Savior, Constantin the Great, Justin the Great….

Carla turned it on all sides.
- it looks as a secret dossier
- indeed… but…on a scroll
- the Order must have had a person in the secret services. So, they got a hand on the dossier the secret services were building
- so the Order knew what was known about them
- it looks so…
- why did they copy it on a scroll?
- maybe it was directly written on a scroll
- no way
- or maybe the secret services wanted to get rid… of the Order so that they forged a fake document of the Order
- what purpose to?
- To expose them. Then, to invent some stories…
- Still, no Order will keep such document
- Probably they wanted to create confusion. And then: if it is a secret order, no one- except its members- knew how theirs document look like
- True. So the Order of Orpheus (later to become the Guild of Saint Luke) got the document and outmaneuvered their enemies
- It looks so
The girls went back to the Hotel America by Gaudis; on the top floor it was snowing. Big flakes of snow with unusual clear from. Carla tool a photo, web it and found that it was a completely new form of flake
“Bizarre”, she said
- Lets read it
They opened the scroll and found out that in 1804 it split into Napoleonic and Beethovenian. The two factions still exist today. In 1947, the two factions decided to create the United Europe. The stars of the Virgin Mary were believed to be the best image of the Orphic sign.
The Beethovenian faction has the Saturn sign, instead of the simpler “O “of the Napoleonian one.  It repeats the split of the Order, which begun with Beethoven erasing the name of Napoleon from the manuscript of his 3rd Symphony, meant to represent the rebirth of the Order at the begginning of the 19th century.
A pale of wind took the scroll from theirs hands. It looked as the scroll was about to go out of the Oculus. The girls ran towards the golden Bird in Space. The scroll punctured its top and it remained suspended on the sculpture, from top to bottom.
Julie looked around.
- there’s nobody here. Come… quickly. I ‘ll give you a lift
- are you crazy? what if it falls?
- With all these walls do you think that it can fall? It is well anchored
- We cannot take it. It’s sacred
- We a…
Another pale of wind gently lifted the scroll. Carla ran for it; the wind changed direction so that it got closer to Julie. She took it
- keep it well, this time
- Damaged?
- A little
- Where?
- Here
- O, shit
- It’s ok, we can still read it

----
- do you think it is true?
- A Christian making a bridge to a Muslim?
- True
- The bridge was a symbol
- True
- So the scroll a fake it is, but only in form. Not in content
- It seems so
- Let’s read it again.
The girls sat on the marble floor with the secured glass wall at theirs back. It followed the myth of Purusa.
*

The river was surprisingly clean; in fact, it was clear like a mountain spring
- come! Do you believe it?
- Ooo, so clear; do you see…sharks!!! These Dacians are insane
- Like Dracula!
- Like Dracula…shhharksss! Good lord…only sharks!
- True, only sharks
By the year 2100 the river was enlarged; in Bucharest it reached 100 meters. Later, the glass tube was added. It started close to the mountains were the river came from and it ended into the Danube: the longest tube river in the world. Of course, the Aliens were believed- as always- to be behind such technological marvel. The glass tube hosted an almost 100% glass tram, nicknamed the glass metro. Well, as you imagine it could not be entirely of glass: humans cannot do things we can do! They try, and try…and try, as always, without success.
So the view was really decently nice. Humans say that it is the most astonishing thing in the whole galaxy…but what do they know of our galaxy???
- where shall we go? To the Danube or to the mountains?
- Danube
- Hmm, no, let’s do the mountains
- Ok, to me it’s the same
The embarked by the dock in front of Dracula Palace. The speed was high. It started with a staggering 300 km per hour, then it slowed down to just 80 km per hour.
The 300 were just for Bucharest, to give the adrenaline rush the tourists loved so much. And the sharks, too: just for Bucharest. The sharks got used to this, they called it: our older brother who run like crazy. They made even jokes:
< How fast does a man finish? As fast as the glass metro in Bucharest! >.
Some say that a shark or two escaped into the northern part of the river, went upstream…but returned back: no food enough for him.
      When the glass train reached Bucharest again it slowed down to 5 km per hour.
A malfunction occurred near Dracula palace. The tourists were surprised:< what happened to the most astonishing technology of the galaxy?!?>, some asked themselves.
Dracula came:
- ssss
the girls did not see him
- ssssss (again , he tried to make himself noticed). 
Then, he knocked into window.
- Don’t be afraid, it’s me
The girls saw Dracula himself, closed to the glass window. The trouble was that no one else could see him
- Ohhh, you! You scared me, you know?
- I know, I know, I apologies for this
- Ok. Apologies accepted…what?
- Come, I will show you
 He made a hole into the glass and took the girls out. Somehow, the water seemed to disappear. The other passengers were blinded by his magical powers.
Down on the river surface, there was a square, 20 by 20 meters, made of cement. For more than 2000 years many wondered of its function.
But none discovered that that was the entrance to Bucharest’s most infamous place.
The girls and Dracula himself seemed to move in an air bubble which protected them from the water.
The square moved to its right, towards Ceausescu’s Palace, some nanotechnology kept the water away and they entered. But, as they entered, Dracula got a call
- Girls, I am sorry, I must leave. Urgent business. You know…
- we know, we know, you are famous, so you are always busy
- do all the search by yourself, please. See you later, may be, I hope
 The girls wandered into the catacombs for one hour or so.
A beggar was sitting in front of a rusty metal door, drinking some white wine. The girls were curious of what’s behind that door.
- please, move
The beggar didn’t answer
- please
The beggar didn’t answer
- please
he raised his eyes
- I???
- you!
- I??? why???
- please…! Carla kissed his hand
- don’t do this again!!!(he was very furious). Never! Please! I feel miserable! You! Kissing my hand! No such thing again! I move
And he moved half meter to his right and started to drink his white wine again.
 The door did not open. The girl tried and tried. It was so rusty that it broke into pieces when they forced it too much. They set foot in and, then, by surprise they felt into a kind of a hole. The descent was 2000 meters into the ground. It was a soft descent. The entire history of the Order of Orphaeus was projected before their young eyes, as they descended.
A secret chamber was there, at the end of the mysterious journey.
The chamber was diamond chamber…: carved into a huge diamond, all walls of diamond. On those walls,
the scepters of all the kings of Wallahia triumphantly stood…
Exactly in the middle of the chamber, there was a manuscript, a very old manuscript, inside a glass box. It read:
<ΠΟΛΙΤΕΙΑ, original manuscript by the hand of Plato>
- does an original hand writing of Plato still exist??
- Yes, it is here
- Ooo
- What do you think that a diamond chamber, 2000 meters under the city of Bucharest, would hold? Gold…? Diamonds…? Silver? …only such a treasure could have been here
Four doors, carved exactly at the right -down end of each wall of the chamber opened into another four rooms: in the middle of them, Orphaeus hand writing of his descent to the Hell to bring back Euridike
- Oo
- good lord
- Where have we arrived at?
- the greatest treasure of the Orphic Order
 A gentle voice was heard, in Romanian:
- vă rog, aveți grijă de aceste comori
The translator gave them the meaning of these words.
The voice was androgynous.
The girls started to read. When they arrived at “and I lost you my love”, they burst into tears.
Crying as they were, a kind of an elevator came from nowhere, surrounded them and took them upwards.
Once up in the air of the city, they found themselves floating on the river’s water. Some tourists stopped believing that it was a magical performing prepared for them. The water itself started to move the girls toward the banks of the river, like a magical carpet. The tourists applauded. Some of them asked them some autographs. The girls become news sensation in an instant.
< two girls floating of the water of Dambovitza> was the news. They went towards Saint Anton church. Inside, a monk seemed to be waiting for them. He gave them a key: a silver one
- it will open you all the mysteries of the universe
Carla looked at it. When they wanted to ask what door that key was supposed to open, the monk was gone.
- what a place this Bucharest is!
- Yes, what a place!
 That evening they returned to Chilia  City. When in the room, they opened the bag. The bags. Each found a copy of the POLITEIA.
- did you put it here? 
- How could I?
- True. How could you?
- Hmm, bizarre I would say
- Bizarre. It’s a magical place this Bucharest
- η ηερι δικαίου,πολιτικος
- scholars believe that Parisinus 1807 is the oldest platonic manuscript
- from 895, Bizantium
- Bizantium, as always
- But we have here a copy of Plato’s own hand writing
The girls started to compare the copy with the Parisinus
…
- quite fair, I would say. Not big mistakes
- except for the lost part of “Politeia”
- Yes, it is the Atlantis of Philosophy
- Indeed, the true Atlantis of Philosophy
- So…hmm…the Orphic Order had it always
- True… they seemed so…
- Hey, let’s see the key
- Yes, the key
 They searched for the key… it was missing. Instead, each one, found in their own bag a note:
“the key opened the gate of all mysteries. Let the Light guide your steeps”
- it did opened??
-  When??
- I believe…I think… the key metamorphosed into the two copies
- Really? Like magic
- How would you expect this? You get a key, which was in the bag, it disappeared; and you find a manuscript, a copy of it, which was never there; and no one even touched your bag
- True. No one. I hold it firmly in my arms
- Then, the only true explanation is that the key metamorphosed
- Like magic??? Common…
- Like whatever you want, darling, like whatever you want

- May be…who knows??Next day, they returned to Bucharest Central. Directly to Saint Anton church; it seemed an ordinary church that day.
The Priest came to them:
- did you read it?
- Read what?
- The Atlantis of Philosophy, as you call it
- You know?
- Sure. I am the Priest of this church. I must know it.
The girls didn’t know what to say…
- I, I mean we, read it
- Then, come
The girls looked one to each other with a < shall we?> on theirs face
- follow me…please. Actually, you must. Only those who find the rusty door can and must follow me.
Near the church, the Bell Tower hosted a door with a sign on it:< Underground elevator>. The girls looked one to each other, again. < are we going down again?>, was on theirs face
- you must go down again (answered the unanswered question the Priest)
This time the descent was a 2100 meters one. A soft and gentle light was surrounding them, in descent. A room, stone room, like a monk cave and two portraits.
- These are the portraits of Orphaeus and Euridike. We know how they look like.  
- Surprise after surprise we have
- True. Our Bucharest trip… who could believe it?...expect it?
Orphaeus and Euridike were two very beautiful persons. Theirs eyes revealed their inner souls.
- now (the Priest continued) you have a 2000 meters way back…on stairs
- on stairs ??
- stairs like a mountain. It will take you about a day. It will enlighten your souls. An angel who took care of humans once guided this Order.

*

While on the Moon, waiting for the attack, some vampires got drunk. Some of those vampires didn’t quite like Dräcula leadership and decided to make a parody of the Dräcula .
They said Count Dräcula knew nothing was a coward (he disguised as a fat composer) a traitor (he hid he was a mighty vampire): how could know-nothinger a coward and a traitor be their leader?
While some of them shouted < down with Dräcula> another kept on singing.
-  yees! that’s how he presented himself to the humans
- 19th century humans! With canons and horses!
- hahaha! Primitivs!
- yaaaa! ya!
- you know? One such horse could take you from one corner of the galaxy to the other in one day!
- one day? One hour!
- one hour? One minute!
- one minute? One minute? One millisecond!
- hahahaha!
- Hahahahah!
- hahahahahahahahaahHa!
One vampire stood as a horse on 4 legs, while another went on top of him:
- I am Dräcula flying to the Sirius galaxy; - <Maintain no words with him, good fellow!>
- Hahahahah
- But tell me true, are you not mad indeed? or do you but Counterfeit?
- hahahah
- Now, I am Dräcula flying on my magical horse to the other corner of the universe
- It is infinite, one vampire added
- But it has corners! (fake Dräcula on his horse replied)
All that when Dräcula came out:
- guys! If you do not like my leadership I quit
- you cannot quit!, one rebel vampire replied
- why not I can’t?
- ‘cause we have to take you down!
- If you quit, we don’t take you down. No take down, no rebellion. Clear?
- Cristal, replied Dräcula. So I quit. So no take down. No take down, so no rebellion. No rebellion, go home. Clear? (the Count angrily shouted to the rebels)
Most of the rebels were so drunk that this non logical scheme seemed enough. They left and convinced the other rebels to join them. Here they were, again, making the way back, singing.
*

The girls arrived exhausted at the surface; and happy. The priest was waiting for them
- enlightened?
- enlightened. I would say that the stairs were the engine of the enlightenment.
 Carla looked at the covered door again. Julie did the same.
When the girls first saw the church of Saint Anton one feature impressed them most. If one comes from the river, the left side of the church is visible, and an old door, like a roman arch, was covered by bricks. The girls wondered why. And what was there? Why did they covered it? 
The Priest seemed to answer the question which could be read in their eyes
- here was the old entrance to the place were you have been
- why did they covered it?
- the entrance was very narrow: 30 cm. only slim people could fetch in.
- so why did they covered it?
- well, you don’t seem to know: about 300 years ago people started to get fat
- fat?
- indeed
- oo (said Carla) and they did not fetched in anymore
- right
 - still (continued Julie) why did they covered it?
 - I am not sure. I heard that some people got in half way and went out difficultly
-  o… difficultly
- yes, so, probably, that’s way it was covered
The girls didn’t quite believed him. But, why shall he lie? He showed them the mysteries of the city; or, maybe, there was even a greater mystery, who was open for them, yet.
When the Priest left, Carla started to count the bricks; she screwed it up a few times
- 378
- In 37 layers, added Julie
-  you counted them
-  yes!
-  37
- 37/8
-  so strange
-  this symmetry
-  3-7-8-
- or 37-8
-  8 is the perfect number in China
-  true
 - but 37???
- Never heard of
- it could be the number of the Order?
- shall they have one?
- who knows?
- it could be a coincidence
- yes, it could be one
- why did you count them?
- why did you count them?
- I had the feeling that there is something in theirs number
- Me too
-  so, is there something?
- how could I know? 
- you are a member of the Order
- you too!
-  I am
- you didn’t know it?
- I discovered it now. You told me
- thank me, no?
- I thank you
- haha
- haha
- come, look! Do you like that boy?
- o, nice blue eyes
- they are green
- green eyes.
- So tall he is!
- what shall we say?
- too beautiful to be talked to?
- hmm.I do not know.I discovered something. He’s name is Brown  LaVille
- he has a profile on youbook?
- sure he has.He’s a star
- …( reading) not married
- hahaha…at his age
- no kids
- too old for it
- true.too old for it
- no girl friend
- I believe it. I really believe it
- you do?
- how can I ? so beautiful and clever. He may have 10000 girlfriends.
- Or none. Looking for the light
- for the light one. With all these fatties around…
- sure…all the other girls are fat , you are slim
- and beautiful
- sure. The most beautiful eyes in the world you have
- and smile!
- and smile. I excuse myself: I forgot about the smile! I think he was waiting for you all of his life
- he must have. I am special.
- in the year 2050 phone conversations were very strange
- how strange?
- this strange: 
<-  I love you
- why is your voice so…
- you do not understand that I am on a bicycle gently charging the battery of the phone?
- sure, but not expecting you to love me so much
- yes, I love you so I dynamo for you
- You love me so you dynamo me
- true darling>
- that’s what they were doing. So <I love you> become < I dynamo you>.
- haha… sure after half a century of frenzy there was no electricity in the world to charge all these mobile phones, laptops ( xxi century devices, you know), which they used to communicate theirs love, for 4 hours a day
- they didn’t work
- they talked while working
- How fancy! : paid to love to talk about love. Haha
- true
Next day, Carla decided to take a trip from Chilia  City
- look! She said. There is a special offer
- offer?
- The travel agency, said Carla, pointing to the window of a travel agency: 3 wonders for the price of one
- Nice! But…do we still have the money left for it?
- I don’t know. Your credit card?
- Mam said I shouldn’t use it that much. You know: interest rates…bla, bla, bla
- Yaa, I know it. So?
- Make the trip shorter here?
- Here? Mmm. It’s amazing here… we still did see it all
- True. But 3 for the price of one? It leaves from here
- When?
- Last minute…it leaves in (and she looked at the watch) 4 hours?
- 4 hours?
- Last minute
- Last minute?
- And a special offer for the holiday…today
- Sure… hmm. ok...sure… what to choose out of the six?
- Actually you can’t choose. The offer is special because 2 are close
- Sure
- So we are going to see the 9 suspended cubes of Athens
- Actually only 6 are suspended
- True
- The glass pyramid of Kufu
- First Athens?
- No, first Giza plateau: it stays half a day in the air over the Giza plateau
- Ooo, there...
- Let’s see: back to Athens
- To the 9 cubes, 6 suspended
- And then to China, over the Himalayas
- Return?
- Over the North Pole, Poland, Chilia  City
- What a trip!
- Indeed. What a trip!
*

Here they were. 3 buildings identical, each made of 5 cube were the 2nd and the 4th were missing. An exoskeleton made of 12 beans, on which elevators ran up and down. As they were completely covered in mirrored glass they were called the Invisible Cubes. When the elevators passed by the missing cubes they looked like some flying ghosts. Others saw them as angels. They were a breathtaking piece of engineering, considered impossible to be made; but you know, special materials and great math always do the job. An artificial island was made in the sea in front of Athens; The island was a perfect circle. Underground tunnels lead to its core, another perfect circle
The inner core was surrounded by water on which sat another 3 circles which equally divided the great one.
3 huge bridges connected the central circle to the other 3. The water was populated by swans. The only thing the visitors didn’t like were the benches. You sat on a perfect square: 45x45 cm… stylish, but uncomfortable. Every now and then a tourist decided to take a bath during the summer months. A fine expected him or her on the return; but it seemed worth paying. The girls wanted to take that “Athens bath”
< - did you go to Athens? - yes- did you take the bath? - no- then, actually, you didn’t really go to Athens>… that’s what the girls knew it was expected them once back at home
- the fine is too high
- we must find a way not to get it
- how?
- That is the question
*
It was by 5 o clock in the morning when King Vlad and the Son of Heaven reached the summit of Huang Shan. The view was beyond any words.
*
Many stars were shining over the Imperial Palace.
King Vlad had his tea. His first green tea.
He found it unusual.
The long journey on the Silk Road was rewarded by the sight of the most beautiful city on Earth. The palace of the Son of Heaven was a rare gem.
- So, King Vlad , how did you find the chopsticks,asked the Son of Heaven? 
- Difficult in the beggining, quite clever once you get used to them.
- You had been more agile when you used them
- Now,  probably,  I will easly  paint your Chinese Characters
- Would you like to take a caligraphy lesson from me?
- I would be honoured.
The moon gently let its light on the table where the two kings were painting on.
*

The view from the Giza Plateau was so rare. It represented the greatest human civilisation. A glass pyramid the size of the Great Pyramid was the choice. But it looked impolite to put another pyramid near Kufu’s. And the ecological turn was so powerfull when construction started, humans wanted so deeply to save the Earth that the solution came by itself. 10 km from the Pyramids an immense hole was made. The Glass Pyramid was in the desert. The supporting walls of the hole were like the desert’s dunes. All ET ships coming from all corners of the Galaxy stopped at first there. The 600 meters deep hole hosted- on its walls- countless planopterports; the walls were all covered in buildings. Countless tunnels went from the ground floor of the desert directly towards all roads going around the Plateau. Around 18 pyramids could have fetched it.
First, the airplane stopped for 1 hour over the ancient pyramids. It slowly flew around them. Then, even slower, it went towards the Great Gate. Flying machine of all sizes and shapes went in and out of the hole. The plane stopped 1km away. Then, it landed. A bus took them closer. 500 meters away it stopped. They got closer by foot. The girls were happy. As they closed in, an unseen yet spectacle revealed itself to the girls. The glass pyramid looked like a huge spaceship landed on Earth. When they got closer to the point were the guide took them a < oaoo> rebounded. A glass wall, 1 meter in height, separated them from the immensity bellow. A 90-degree descent, 5 meter large opened before their eyes. The cement was red painted. It was a 600X5 meters strip of red painted cement. The rest of the hole looked like a natural scenery: here it looked like a dune, there like a rock, curved by the wind and by the sea. Like a huge Gaudi house, even if more elaborated. Planopterports of all dimensions increased its beauty. When the sun begun to be too much for the tourists a bus arrived and took them back to the main road. A tunnel opened in front of them; after a couple of minutes they were at the ground floor. The Glass Pyramid of the Great Gate grew bigger and bigger until it revealed all its magnificence. The bus took them to a station nearby. When it was ready, this more then pharaonic project took the world by storm. It’s scale, it’s magnificence doubled by its delicate beauty soon transformed it into one of the greatest marvels in the history of humanity. A glass elevator took them to the top of the Glass Pyramid. Once there, the view was unique. It was at the same level with the Earth. One pyramid ended so that another one raised to the stars. Then, another elevator, of identical transparent glass, took them inside the Great Gate. Some floors were entirely of glass, including the walls. The great hall of the Great Gate was on the east side. The elevator took them down and the hall, which was a giant glass amphitheater suspended in the air (the girls didn’t have the time to realize how), showed all its grandeur. Close to the Earth unusual cement forms stood there on the opposite side. The glass of the Pyramid exterior walls was differently colored, still the different whites to greens, were of a discrete difference. The light designed sophisticated patterns on the interior, according to the time of the day and of the year. All possible combinations of light and glass were carefully considered by the architects.
*

The Count entered the huge palace
- it is nice, dear Ceausescu
- my Count; I always asked you to call me comrade
- my dear Ceausescu; I am not a communist
- I am the President of this country!!! I am the Great Commander…
- Ok, ok, as I said, my dear comrade Ceausescu, it is a nice palace. Now you need to call the Brazilian comrade to make it a masterpiece
- Ssss! The Americans will hear us
- The Americans? So what?!?! I may say whatever I want. I am Dräcula…
- Yes, but I am Ceausescu
- So what’s about the Americans and the Brazilian comrade?
- Don’t you know it?
- What?
- The condor plan
- The Americans fly like a condor? Not like me?
- Ssss! Sssstttt! they will hear us! Come closer: they took down the President, the prime minister of Brazil, everybody that was communist in Brazil. They didn’t dare to touch the architect. Too famous around the globe
- But the French called him in
- They are the French!
- Listen Ceausescu! I have not much time. Improve that shit
- My Count: don’t offend my masterpiece
- Dear Elena…Please…I am a fine architect. Improve it. Soon.
Ceausescu agreed to improve it. He called Oscar Niemeyer, the great Brazilian architect who suggested to cover it in mirrored glass. Ceausescu died before the work started. The project started long after Niemeyer’s death, by the year 20200. 
...before Ceausescu ' s palace got its mirrored glass facade it was covered in some huge pieces of metal that reproduced some paintings of Mondrian. Mondrian, who guided the Orphic Order for one decade ( or two ), chosed the colours of the romanian national flag for most of his paintings. The facade was made by the year 2020,but it got stolen on a foggy night, and some say that it ended in a centre for old metal...
*

When the vampires got really bored they wanted to surf on the Moon.
- surf on the Moon??
- 2000 years ago, some humans made a ski resort in the desert! We, I mean we, not humans, can’t do a surf resort on the Moon?
- We can, we can; let’s do it!
- Ya ya
< wave after wave!>< wave after wave>
Some secretly went to the Earth to bring some ocean water. During the journey to the Earth they debated whether to bring sea water or ocean water.
< we’ll take pacific water>, < and some sharks!>, one added;< sharks? Why?>, <what surfing is that without a shark’s bite?>, < hahahahaha! true…and some sharks>.
The vampires returned with plenty of pacific water and a dozens of sharks.
A huge hole was dig on the Moon to host the pacific water. Some nanoparticles were added to imitate Earth’s gravity and keep the water stick to the lunar soil.
The sharks didn’t like they were taken to the Moon, so they were very angry.
When the vampires entered into the water the angry sharks jumped on them. It was the most fun for the vampires: it looked like a corrida, with vampires applauding any escape, while the escaped made parodies of humans
- oh, oh a shark bit me!
- Ya, oh a shark bit me too!
A braver one started to do boxing with a shark. The shark was really scared: the vampire was very agile, easily avoiding the shark. He didn’t punch the shark too heavily, just soft punches, for fun.
- ole!
- ole!
A corrida moves, a boxing punch and some <ole!>, <ole!>
When Dräcula observed that some of his lieutenants dissapeared, he was very pissed off.
- guys! What have you done?
- Count! Count! Some comet hit the Earth and some water, with some sharks, bounded from the Earth
- And it arrived just her? It landed on the Moon!
- No! no! it was wondering into the space; possibly, it was about to be attracted by the Moon’s gravity; you know: water-rain; water-rain
- We could have had rains here, Count Dräcula!
- Rains? (the Count rhetorically asked)
- We don’t like rain on the Moon, my Count!
- Neither do I
- Me neither!
- Me too!
- Guys! Was…
- Count! listen to me: the poor sharks were afraid. We saved them!
- And have some fun (one vampire added)
- Some fun (the Count replied) some fun (he repeated) I think you went to the Earth
- Me?
- Me?
- No
- No way
- We didn’t go
- No, didn’t go us
- Then, who went to the Earth? (Asked the Count)
- I didn’t
- Me neither
- It was moving around the Moon (one vampire added making a round movement into the air)
- Ya: it moved from there (and he pointed the Earth) to here (and he pointed the Moon), we just took it
- Ya, sure, just... juusssttt took it. Sure. Nothing comes of nothing (and the Count left the vampires puzzled if he found the truth or not)
- Quickly, let’s take it back to the Earth
- Quickly, quickly
- If he comes back, nothing was here
- Nothing
A shark started to protest:
- I do not want to go back to the Earth. Humans eat us!
The vampires believed they had hallucinations. A shark speaking? What’s that?
- is he talking?
- It seems so
- Yes, heard it?
- Yes
- Yes
- Guys! guys! cool down (the shark continued; the vampires were amazed and gathered around him). A crazy scientist…
- Human? (a vampire asked)
- Of course: human! Only humans do this
- Yes, only humans do this. And?
- And (the shark continued) he put me a part of a neural network connected to my brain, so I speak human
- You speak English?
- Ya, not very good. He didn’t want me to be very clever. You know: humans are scared of us
- We know, we know
- So, guys, can I stay here?
- Listen, you are funny, nice
- Interesting!
- But you were not supposed to be here. Our boss…
- I heard you. The meteorite, the water and the Moon; guys, I speak English; I will confirm your lie to your boss. Who’s he?
- Count Dräcula
- Count Dräcula ???(the shark amazed said) the notorious Count Dräcula?!?!
-  He himself
- Good lord! I shall ask him for an autograph
- (the vampires started to laugh)
- I ‘ll make a fortune on Earth with his autograph. Then, I ‘ll free myself and buy a nice house, a blonde wife a…
- Hei, hei, stop it. You are not human
- I am, I am. A human in a shark body. Poor me. What a life. What a life. You know? I felt in love with a blonde! And I am a shark! A shark. Impossible love. What Romeo and Juliet? Sharky and blondette! Poor me. Crazy scientist. Do you know? I write poetry?
- Write?
- Write? common! How can I write? Make! A shark making poetry to a blondette. Good lord… crazy scientist! Sometimes I want to commit suicide. I cannot take this anymore …per noctem resonare, lupis ululantibus, urbes.
- (the vampires were in tears)
- Hy! Guy! You can stay.
- But!
- But? (The shark asked)
- We are not going to stay for long here
- Take me whenever you go
- We return to the Earth
- Earth? Not go there!
- Sharky! We have to fight a war: the greatest war ever fought in this galaxy
- I wish I could fly like you do. I could have been a brave vampire
- Yes, we know you could have been
- No, send me to the earth. I will try and save all sharkies
- And what if you will inform our enemies of ours whereabouts?
- A shark never betrays his friends
- We heard some similar rumors
- You understood my suffering, so I ‘ll stay with your side
- Guys! Listen! We have to debate it for a while
- Common, let the poor guy go! who will believe a shark???
- A talking shark! ya! the Aliens will believe we made him to speak wrongly on…
- Ya! True! who will trust him? Let him go
- Go, poor friend. Go. Save yours peers and all the other beings that you could save
- I don’t speak their language
- You are a clever brave chap. You’ll find a way. Go poor friend.
- By!
- Farewell!
- What did he say?
- Nothing
- Nothing?
- Nothing
- Nothing will come of nothing
The whole of the pacific water plus the sharkyes were put into a protective balloon and sent to the Earth.
By the end of July 4190, on the north coast of New Zeeland some (missing text) peasants from a small village near the river (missing text) were on holiday. By the 19 hours they reported a watery balloon the size of the city of (missing text), full of sharks, falling into the ocean. Everybody believed they were crazy.
*

Next day Julie wanted to take her on a Danube trip.
- what’s this?
- Chilia  City, Bucharest, Budapest, Vienna, Bratislava. You know: Black sea..
. Of course: it was not black
- Where does it start?
- On top (hers darling Julie   said)
- On top? On top, said Julie. And then she pointed the top of that amazing building.
- I…I’ll not go there
- No? why that?
- I just don’t go
- Common Carla … what’s there that wrong?
- I have seen things. Strange things up there. I may go mad If there I go again.
- Common darling, just come
- I cannot come
- Just come
- I cannot come. I am afraid of things unseen, unspoken and…
- Not seen. You never saw such journey; never before we flew above the Danube. From here to the see and to the forest. First comes the forest and then the see.
- Up, in the air?
- Up in the air
- I will not go
- Just come

They flew with a kind of modern ovaloid . Well, of course, it was not that old, ridiculously dangerous ovaloid  which we could see in those 2000 years old black and white movies. The shape was identical, but there was no gas inside. Instead, there were rooms, decks; As the speed was quite low, it allowed for huge open air decks inside the ovaloid . if the weather allowed it! They tried to do the trip in fine weather, but there were strange folks which loved foggy trips, too…
The ovaloid  rigorously followed the Danube. It was called the flying Danube boat trip. The beauty of the trip was that the starting hour was chosen at random. The speed was constant so that anyone could easily calculate when each point would be reached. It was the most beautiful trip the girls ever took.
The trip started from one of the small Hotel America by Gaudis of Chilia  City. One some days, the Adriatic see could be seen, on others even the Mont Blanc. The funniest of all came when some tired birds decided to take a nap on top of the ovaloid . One legend says that one bird took the trip every now and then from Chilia  City to the white forest. It was speculated that he had a chinesee bird girlfriend. Lucky he: didn’t have to pay a ticket. Other birds developed a strange behavior. The flew side by side with the ovaloid . Possibly, due to the similar speed, they believed that the ovaloid  was an older brother.
The girls did not know what to enjoy: the clouds, the flying birds, the Danube as seen from the ground floor’s glass pavement, the forest or the mountains, to play tennis on the upper deck or to have a cup of tea on a lower one…the flying trip gave them a sense of serenity unmatched by anything else. Carla had the feeling that she felt in love by the end of the first day. It was a gorgeous sunset when she heard a divine voice, singing something like an old opera. Carla recognized it as a love song from an old opera. As she knew not <missing text>, Julie translated her the beautiful verses, as the voice kept on singing. Carla felt as if the song was for her. She felt in love with that voice, which sounded so airy in the skies, with that song, with that dream of peace and sincere love.
The voice kept on singing the song till the sun was down and Carla burst in tears, of joy and of sadness. When the voice with the guitar came, Carla started to smile. She already loved that voice; only that the upper air made it a little bit different
- you know, she said to the owner of the voice, I felt in love, right now with your voice
- you already felt in live with me once, he said, while kissing her gently
- you will be famous one day
- when I’ll be famous you will be rich
- when I ‘ll be rich I will take a trip to the Moon. I heard that the view of the Earth is amazing
- ya, I heard it myself. I also heard that all couples that go there feel in love (if they did not love each other before)
- yes, the Moon has strange effects on lovers. It makes them lovers, even if they are not.
So… (as she took a glass of champagne) … with the help of your good hands: let your indulgence set me free… to the Moon!
- your gentle hands lend me, and take my heart… To my Moon!
By the next morning, she abandoned the idea of a first love on the Moon. After breakfast, she went to play tennis on the upper deck.
During the night, he really made her fell so tired… she wanted to be the one to decide everything…

- Carla! do you like him?
- he’s ugly. and old. and ugly
- beautiful…so sweet… delicate
- stupid!
- byeeee
Julie went to see the guy. He was looking at the stars. A windy night so windy that the stars seem to move as the ovaloid  flew by. She assumed that he might be a poet. She loved poets: of all kinds and shapes and color:  no discrimination: all poets are beautiful, she used to say to everyone asking her what type of man she might like. Well, she liked only beautiful ones, but, sss, that’s our secret.
He was no poet, maybe an astronomer, like the one in Vermeer. She pretended to fall when she got closer to him
- my lady, ups, you were about to fall
- like a leaf at the middle of autumn
He liked her. At least that’s how she took it. Well, we all know how humans get to know each other. The 4231 “encounter you” tactics which humans employ to deal with intercourse are well documented by our race. Still, I cannot help myself admiring the richness of all this.
*

Count Dracula decided to move theirs camp from the Moon to Elter on the other side of the galaxy due to the disobedience of some vampires.
 The Aliens seemed to rely of Carla and Julie to spy on the vampires. What Dräcula didn’t know what that one of his most trusted generals was an Alien spy; and he managed to inform the Aliens of Count Dräcula whereabouts. The Alien Council decided to trap the vampires on theirs return to the Earth; they found about all vampires plans, including the descent from the North to the South Pole through the tectonic plate. One faction of the Aliens disagreed with the tactics. It decided to launch the most daring of attacks.
- We know that Vlad the Impeler, Count Dräcula most famous grand grand father launched a night attack on the Great Sultan camp, the most powerfull man on Earth, by that time
- Yes! So we will attack the Elter with just 1 ship,10 of us, by night! A copycat attack of the most famous attack any human ever did. Great!
 - We know that the Great Sultan escaped
- because he felt asleep on his mistress …!
- Haha!
- In her tent!
- So Vlad the Impeler got into an empty tent, with no Sultan inside
- Ya! How should we avoid such a misery?
- We destroy the Elter!
- The Elter?!?
- Yes, we got closer and then we launch our most powerfull bomb on it: destroy it forever with all the vampires on it
- What happened to Vlad the Impeler after the failed attack?
- He become a vampire
- O, ya, I forgot it
*

In a few minutes the Aliens got to the Elter. As the bomb approached the Elter a secret device installed by Count Dräcula himself (just he and a trusted lieutenant knew about it) signaled the bomb. All vampires flew in an instant. Theirs cape contained a one-time launcher device which allowed them to fly at an incredible speed- just to escape extreme danger. The Elter was destroyed, the vampires flew towards the Mars and the Aliens believed that the war was over.

The sun was rising over Japan; midnight in Paris.


The moonlight touched the Church of the Notre Dame in Paris. It was a full Moon.

Amazingly it was the trip. Above the white forest as they were, it was midnight, the Moon was shining.


The vampires reached Mars exhausted. They found some ruins of US and Indian Mars camps…the vampires rested there for 24 hours. Then, they flew to the Earth for the final battle. Nobody expected them.
*

The Aliens and the humans were busy, when the vampires touched the North Pole. They headed down towards the point where the tectonic plates meet. The journey was long and exhausted. Half of the vampires died burned by the hot lava from the Earth’s center.
A tunnel crossing the Earth was discovered. The vampires could not believe it
- Some incredible civilization was here before anyone else
- A tunnel from one side of the Earth to the other side, through the melting iron core. Astonishing!
- It looks as God exists!! Only a God could have done it
- Shall we use it?
- no, we follow the plan
- are you afraid that the Aliens might know about the tunnel?
- and wait for us at the other end of it? Who knows? We are too tired to explore this tunnel. Half of us are gone forever. We do not know if any surprise waits for us along the way
- ya, who could do such a marvel could do anything to anyone
- Let’s stick to the known and avoid the unknown
- Yes! So we’ll increase our chances
- increase? We will win this battle and show the humans we are not the monsters the think they know we are
*

Carla went to see the Bird in Space again. A fogy day on top of the Hotel America by Gaudi. The Bird glittered as a piece of gold flying in the sky. Carla was on that part of the Hotel America by Gaudi that face to Greece looking towards Paris. She could not see it. But how she could? She dreamed so much to see the Tour Eiffel from this Hotel America by Gaudi’s top. And there it is: a flying vampire into the fog, that moved with such a speed! Carla was looking up and down, left and right. She did not understand: what was that “it” that seemed to follow the vampire? the fog itself?
Like a contour on a winter window that a child designs… it went this way for 5 minutes, with Carla moving from one corner of the building to the other in surprise or anger or silence or fear…. until she saw it: the vampire crashed into the glass in front of her, as she sat there in fear with hers knees close to her breast. She screamed! She saw it: a piece of fog, human like shaped, held the vampire firmly.
She ran down one of the 4 stairs, till she reached the elevator; then, down to Earth in an instant. As she reached the ground floor she started to wonder if anything did happen there. Was it the high that gave her such visions? She stood there undecided: to leave, to stay, to go again upwards?
She took the elevator up; she stopped it: went down; but up, again; and down. She stood near the elevator for just 10 minutes: then, up again.
The Bird in Space was missing. She was amazed. But, then, the Bird descended herself through the Oculus. Carla believed she had hallucinations. Count Dräcula descended from the Oculus. She was amazed and did not know if sleeping still she was and dreaming that she was on top of the Hotel America by Gaudi, the Bird; the Bird in Space in space it was and it returned; < what’s that?> she was amazed as asking this herself.
- I’m not a dream, the Count replied to hers unasked question. The Bird was stolen, if I may say.
Carla was mute, still asking if she was dreaming.
Then, she started to have strange “visions”: a king, by the name “Mircea” (the Old, he said, but he was young) came to salute her; an army of medieval soldiers followed him, with horses, canons, in lines, one after another, just to salute her… amazed she was, it could be said…she was sure she was dreaming.
- I am not a dream, Count Dräcula said it again
She knew so well of all those strange stories… many people going on top… when they were alone with the Bird in Space, said and resaid of all those visions.
- I’m not a dream, the Count resaid. It is a war, he started again. We fight the Aliens, you know?
- And, did I see one?
- You seemed to be so close…
- So close?
- So close. If one or many… we’ll never know.
Next thing that she remembered was: she sitting down on a bench in front of the Entrance, no Dräcula, no Bird, no fog, no Alien, no…dream?
- strange city this is.
*

When the vampires arrived at the South Pole, a river of lava from the Earth’s center lifted into the air, encircled the South Pole and felt on it with supreme force. The vampires learned to channel the lava. The Aliens had no counter tactics to this. They could not freeze the lava in an instant, as they would have loved to. 10% of them were hit. The rest avoided the attack. Two battleships were behind the vampires in an instant. The last line of the vampires suffered most: their neural system was blocked by a sound launched by the Aliens battleships. The vampires felt down like mosquitos. The next line of the vampires launched a counterattack to block the Aliens; they knew they would never hit directly, as the Aliens were to quick and too invisible. The vampires separated: one part went up, one part went down towards the Alien base. The upper part separated, going in all directions. The other one did the opposite: it shrank that much till it become a point; so much mass was concentrated in less than a millimeter that when they hit the Alien base it shook the Earth.
The Aliens never did this kind of attack.
The upper part released a net so fine but still so strong that the Alien battleship become a fish in a hot plasma net. It was the first ever Alien ship to be captured. Others say that it was the only one in 2 billenia.
Well, I do not know it.
As 4 hours passed, the vampires found themselves without an enemy. The Aliens vanished. The vampires knew that trouble was about to come.
The Aliens will come and go, will hit and go, unstoppable, invincible
Count Dräcula was sad. What happened to his plan, to all the maps he drew, to all the things he endured…? The whole of Antarctica was empty; no Aliens, no battleships. Did they exist? The same happened across the globe:  no flag, no team, no media, no everything that could remind of Aliens.
*

So very strangely, the Aliens decided to retire to Paris, after the vampire’s attack on theirs South Pole camp; the Master Alien believed that a defeat is a defeat whenever it takes place; <Let a battle be; to Paris>, the Master Alien said to theirs troops.
*

The girls wondered how to protect the Sphere. The Sphere was unusually unresponsive. The girls looked to the piece of metal waiting for it to become alive, to council them, the guide them into that chaos. The Sphere was unresponsive. Both Carla and Julie understand that the answer must be inside their young souls.
Carla decided to fly towards Paris. They hoped that nor the Aliens neither the vampire would expect them to hide the Sphere there. They were wrong. Both the Aliens and the vampires possessed the technology to trace down theirs ship. 
The girls were waiting near the Seine river, closed to the place where the Opera House used to be. A poor girl in despair, with the soul broken into thousand pieces was about to commit suicide. She wanted to let herself drowned into the river. The girls were 10 meters away, about to go and save her. When the police miraculously came and took the girl from the bank of the river, the girls wondered if their life wasn’t of an identical failure. 
- The love that follows us sometime is our trouble, which still we thank as love, but too much of this trouble drives love out of our hearts ( said Julie to the poor girl )
- What’s the meaning of life? Why shall I live?
- Wait. It will come down one day, Carla said
- Come down to nothing
- If love despair becomes, if dreams don’t fly above a clear sky it doesn’t mean that life is not a miracle ; and even if a winter is, a spring it shall become ( Julie said)
- the spring in flower some joy it gives ( Carla continued) 
- and beauty I may say ( Julie said)
The poor girl embraced them and left that place for good.
The image of the dying girl haunted them for the time to come.
In the middle of that despair they sensed that the battle to come could be the worst event in the history of our galaxy. They understood that war is the supreme madness of life. 
- we have to save the Sphere
- we do ( gravely  Julie said)
Theirs ship bumped into the Aliens planopterport; that was a secret weapon of the Aliens, which they installed there, on the other side of the river, in front of Dracula’s Palace, when the vampires flew to the Moon.
 Then, theirs ship went up, it flew over it to the south, it went down and it looked as it was going to crush. Carla regained control, turned left to the river, entered it, then went side by side with the glass tube in opposite direction, the Alien ship and the vampire general one followed them from above. The vampire ship entered the river and tried to block them. It could not surpass them. The Alien ship did it and pretended to enter the water. Carla took the ship up, then turned it back towards Dracula’s palace. The vampire ship went out of the water. They all came in line, one after the other: the girls, the aliens, the vampires.
In front of the underwater square Carla took the ship upwards, 90 degrees, straight into the skies… About 100 meters in to the air, the girls were reached by their ships.
Tornintu, the vampire general, stood just in front of them. Carla cleverly maneuvered the ship, descending towards the river. She took the ship into the river.
Tornintu followed them. 45 degrees to the left an Alien ship approached them. A quantum bomb, which has been launched from the vampire outpost in the city, reached the Alien ship: it started to precipitate; when it seemed that it was about to explode, it regained full control and continued to chase the girls. In front of the old palace of Vlad the Impeler, Carla took the scissor-diamond ship out of the water: it was then that the Alien ship reached them. Tornintu was also there, in his vampire ship. Both the Alien general and Tornintu jumped into the ship the girls were using. Carla screamed. Julie took the Sphere. Carla ran towards her. The girls found themselves holding the Sphere.
Both the vampire general and the Alien general jumped on the two girls holding the Sphere.
In an instant, the girls decided to jump onto the river Seine. When they jumped, they opened the Sphere as Lao Zi told them.
When each side of the Sphere reached the water, a strange silence engraved the whole battleground.
Aliens, vampires and humans looked one to each other with embarrassed eyes. They looked around as they were seeing the place for the 1st time. Where they were? What was this?
The Sphere, one of the 15 treasures of the Milky Way Galaxy, was the holder of the Magical Peace.
Two green lights went into the reddish sky, with an orange sun.  The two girls who sacrificed to save the Earth left it.
So, on that day, the 1st of August 4190, the Earth had finally found peace. The waters of the rising oceans almost allayed in city center.>>>>>>>

The second journal
( To Adelina/e)

*
The days of the eternal  night, when our warm sun a white star become. Life was like the deepts of the pacific ocean when water the Earth had. The beings that survived the solar expansion,  which covered the entire Earth for millenia , where all luminescent. Beauty was a matter of light then: more light, more light, a sage man of the human antiquity asked for, as he was anticipating the the billion of years that were about to come. So yes more light was more beauty. The eyes of the humans transfered into the skin: there were blue green and brown humans, like the old neon from a distant past.
More love more light
And death was the end of that light. An eternal switch off.
That death was.
The Earth a kind of Moon become. Like two twins born together and still a little bit so different.
Humans, back then in the Year five billion and one spoke a language of light: different intensities of light on different parts of the body conveied different meanings. Back then people couldnt lie. The soul was vivid as the eyes used to be in the first billenia of humanity.
Most defenders of the life were green like that grass the animals were feeding on when the eyes of the humans were the mirror of the soul.
Like the plants that cleaned the air of the Earth when humans first rised to the stars after a long war.
Back then, in the Year five billion and one, war did not exist. It was a thing that went extinct due to the sacrifice of two girls who become of a legend.
On each of the four sizes of the Earth two twin Columns marked the homage that all living beings paid to their sacrifice.
Around the Milky way galaxy the Earth was named : the planet of the eight collumns.
*
Orpheus took the hand of Euridike
Theirs  language of light might be translated like this ( in spite of the bare fact that I do not believe that it can be translated)
- I love u I think I do as much as Lops loved Eridani
- Who s Lops and who s Eridani? 
She asked.They were sitting of the remains of Mount Everest watching the white sun, the twin which Earth received.
- You do not know the last and greatest love story of humanity, of that humanity which was not like us : beings of light?
-no, I do not
- Eridani and Lops loved each other so much. After humanity was evacuated to Mars, just before the solar expansion that covered all Earth a life signal was detected on Earth. It was assumed that an old human or a child remained there. Somehow Lops knew that it was a child. He assumed that the child had no parents. He and Eridani could not have childs. " He or she will be our child". And he run to save s/he.
He started the race against the speed of the solar expansion.He followed the life signal until he found the child. It was a child.Now,  my beloved Euridike, one version of the legend says it was a boy another says it was a girl.
He took the child , just the expanding sun reached them, and put s/he on the spaceship. But he did not make it, he could not get into the ship.
From Mars, all humans watched in dispair as Lops was reached by the sun and dissapeared.
In the same instant the ship was made to start to Mars.
The child was saved. Eridani commited suicide.She felt life meaningless
- so..this is the story of the last human of Earth
- on the old Earth. Yes, true. The last love story of humanity...
- of humanity? Are we not humans?
- We are and are are not


Here ends the Alien spy message to his masters on Sirius 352;
Date: 30et of June 4193, 19.30 hours

Signed: sergeant Fenix and sergeant John
*****

////////

- what’s this?
- Sergeant Fenix special report. He says it should go directly to the President of the United Planets
- to…the…. President… of the United Planets…hmm…if Serge Fenix says so then: throw it away!
- throw it away?
- Yes, sure, it must be another nonsense of Serge Fenix. //////

/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
*
" The Author describes with great subtle-ty the adventures of two  girls in search of their inner soul...Memorable "
The Mars Journal, 14.01.5001 

*

" A new Faust...a true Shakespearian tragedy". The Jupiter Times, 31.01.5001

*

" A cheap book, in both senses....The autor's rush for an easy glory ruined it...Still, some images are immortal". The Sirius Journal, 17.7.5001

*

" The story of the war which never was. But, this is the Masterpiece. " The Alien News, 31.09.5001

*

" The true clasic we all read in our way back home". The Vampire Daily, 1.10.5001

*

" A delicate, sensitive and admiring story". The Feminist Journal, 1.10.5001
